user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198043960246,Recommended,265610,9280356,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Kasumi Tani,"This game is a must-buy for any RPG fan!While its style is distinctly western, in everything but art Epic Battle Fantasy is very much a JRPG. The combat is heavily based on elemental advantage/weaknesses – brute force is rarely an option in harder battles, instead the key to victory is using correct skills and gear.Speaking of gear, uniquely among RPGs, newer weapons and armor you acquire are not direct improvement of your old equipment. Instead, each weapon and armor has properties that make it good in some situations and mediocre to bad in others. The result is that no equipment becomes useless, and some of early gear may very much be an option for endgame battles.Instead of acquiring stronger gear, the game features upgrade system for your equipment, allowing you to improve your gear as you progress through the game (most later upgrades require items that are not available until later). And on final note about gear, each item your character wears, from weapons and armor to small badges visibly changes your appearance, which is really a nice touch!The story doesn’t even pretend to be serious, but it will accomplish what it sets out to: make you laugh from start to finish!Overall, Epic Battle Fantasy is all kinds of awesome. If you like turn-based RPGs, give it a try and it won’t disappoint!"
,Recommended,265610,9261141,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Huntreimu,"Like RPGs?Like Some honest to god decent humour?Wanna be a good guy and help out a guy who has made a ton of free games buy giving him some money?Want a cool soundtrack for free?Do you have a thing for anime boobs? *slapped* ok okThis game is worth every penny and don't let the people saying ""oh no you don't have to pay its free on kongregate"" fool you.The steam and prem Kongregate version has additional content to the base game and provides much more content then you'd expect!Also the steam version gives the soundtrack for free so a plus there.Give it a whirl on Kongregate if you are really cautious about the games you buy and make your choice there.I still say you should buy it to support the dev who really puts more work into his games then a lot of other devs that make free games (also give his other games a try while you're at it)"
,Recommended,265610,32419456,Posted: 14 June,all,KesoChodar,There's an achievement for:-Killing yourself-Walking trough lava-Buying pizza-Clicking where you shouldn't-Unleashing the christian apocalypse as Natalie and somehow not destroying the world-Summoning giant evil cosmic monoliths and somehow not destroying the world-Activating an orbital cannon the size of Mount Fuji and somehow not destroying the world-Stealing panties
,Recommended,265610,10627302,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[BT] Maharito -WRITE mode-,"You've seen the video, and you're going ""This is a Flash game.  This belongs on Newgrounds.  Wait, this IS on Newgrounds.  Why would I pay for this?  Why would anyone even greenlight this??""  I'll tell you why: because this is the RPG your oldschool heart's been waiting for.You've got your turn-based RPG elements, your enemies rating from the silly to the spooky to the right-out terrifying, your countless tongue-in-cheek Final Fantasy/Pokemon/Zelda/Mana/etc. homages.  But then there's the feeling of being a part of this world: rather than ""exploring"" a ""vast"" world of triumphs and tribulations, you just sort of twiddle around and run into packs of monsters just sitting there on the worldmap.  There's the never-ending bickering and bantering among your teammates as you progress.  There's the range of hints both silly and satisfying that play out as you spar with your foes and try new techniques.The challenge is there too--boy, is it ever.  For a game optimized to be played 30 minutes at a go, you can spend a lot of effort fine-tuning your characters' skills and loadouts for tough fights (and it will *really* pay off if you are playing Epic and going for the achievements).  You'll be able to come back to it over time, too--have the satisfaction of clearing the game, take some time off from it, and come back to it anew in New Game+ (or ++) playing however you feel, without having to collect all those non-key items again but with all the damage numbers exponentially increased for more cheesy epicness.And of course, the content you won't find on Newgrounds here--the Battle Mountain--escalates the challenge further (though you could still get through it pretty easily in Easy mode if you went that route).  It's a chance to step off the beaten plot-ridden path and just smash up tons of monsters--plus all-new bosses both uncompromising and unsettling.If you are a child of the 90s or late 80s and don't have time to play RPGs anymore but still admire them from afar, this is your chance to see firsthand what happens when nostalgic thrills meet the present day.  This East-meets-West cultural take just might give you one more fantasy to embrace after all."
,Recommended,265610,16632394,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Evanz111,"You enter a battle with five generic looking monsters! Suddenly from behind you, a tank fires an armada of bullets at the enemies for no reason, accompanied by a cat with no legs that charges towards them with a wooden sword and shield. Your swordsman jumps in with his sword and then suddenly summons a sword out of thin air due to his sheer love for swords. You click on your mage's chest only to find out that her boobs give you an achievement. Your ranger looses her arrow towards the final enemy, but it doesn't do enough damage, that is until a giant wooly mammoth falls from the sky and crushes it.This is just a typical battle in Epic Battle Fantasy 4."
,Recommended,265610,12682242,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Kamui Senketsu,"This game is a funny joking, breaking the forth wall, RPG. It's all good fun in the world of EBF4, with jokes coming left and right, and all being masterfully crafted so that none fall flat you won't stop laughing. Enough about how funny the game is, let's talk about gameplay, the game focuses on the goal of collection and completion rather than harsh and numerous battles, the creator has also made it so that character's not battling will also gain experience so that you won't have to grind for any other character at a later time. The collection will included things such as: chest locations, random drops for armor and weapon upgrades, those weapons and armor  themselves, certain creatures to fill that damn bestiary, ect. All battles are fair and equal as long as you do a little side searching here and there to gain a little extra exp. Jokes, fair battles, and no grinding sounds like a good game to me."
,Recommended,265610,19592949,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Julifrass,"I've been playing the EBF series since I was a kid, and this one by far is the best+ Awesome bosses+ Interesting story+ Hilarious dialogue+ Great music (you get the game soundtrack free too :D )+ References everywhere+ Great combat system (Good 'ol turn based combat)+ Tons of equipment, both clothes and weapons+ Easy to navigate UI+/- Block Puzzles+/- Grinding and Backtrack- May be a little confusing for new players, but you can get used to it (especially the inventory)Definitely one of my favourite games of all time. ( and its cheap for the hours of gameplay and fun you can get with it)"
,Recommended,265610,21695439,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Tom,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is an adventure RPG game, developed by Matt Roszak, releasing on Steam is February 2014. This is my first foray into the Epic Battle Fantasy series and have no other previous experience with other games in the franchise.Gameplay is a simplistic RPG style view, with turn based combat for the fights. Controls are so simple; you literally can play the whole game with just your mouse. The game has a real “Pokémon” feel to it, as you explore you will find parts of the map you can’t explore yet because you don’t have the required skill, for instance, to cut a tree down or to smash a rock. Once you learn said skills, you can backtrack quite easily to explore and find treasure hidden in the previously locked area.   The game has well over a hundred different enemies to kill, and learn their strengths and weaknesses of.  My favourite part of the game play is easily the loot and item system.  The game boasts over 170 different items for your characters to use; you can upgrade these items through using the Forging mechanic which require you to use craft-able items to make the upgrade.The combat system is really well designed too; you have a party of four characters eventually, but you can only use three in a battle, the fourth acts as a backup in case one of your others dies. The Pokémon element theme is a key mechanic too; making sure you use the correct weapon with the right effect on the enemy is an almost absolute must most of the time.  Characters can also learn “companions” which acts as like “ultimate” attacks, and any of your characters can use them rather than having them bound to one of your party – the best and most fun by a country mile has to be the Super Nova, which just obliterates the entire screen.Visually, EBF4 is again, simple, but that comes across very pleasantly. The in game art style looks colourful and vibrant, and has a very 3DS look to it. The narration parts of the game are done in a beautifully, almost hand drawn style of art, as if they have just been pulled out of a children’s book. I was enchanted by the visuals straight away as soon as I saw this. There is little animation in the game, given the 2D aspect, but the small amount of animation in the game is done really well, no odd movement cycles or strange looking attacks. There isn’t any voice acting; however there aren’t walls and walls of text to read through, so that can be forgiven.EBF4’s difficulty levels can be changed on the fly, and you are almost encouraged to play on the highest difficulty until you start hitting a brick wall. I played the game on a normal difficulty and still felt sufficiently challenged by the fights. You can ramp up the difficulty to epic mode for those wanting to get extra achievements though. Once you complete the game you have the option for New Game+. Not to mention the Fire Mountain area of the game. This area scales with your characters level, allowing you to take on unique beasty bosses for extra special loot. This for me again, reminded me of the Pokémon games and the Elite Four trainers.The world, in which you play in, is full of extra little bits to do, with roughly 20 side quests to complete, which offer no real variety but still add a bit more game play. The quests are only collection quests, so don’t expect to be getting really in depth quest lines like other RPGs. The quests will reward you with stat increasing items, or more equipment to make use of. There are also a number of NPCs scattered around the world that whilst they offer no game play advantage, they do have a bit of lore behind them though.EBF4 took me just under 20 hours to complete. I went into this game expecting it to be over in five hours. I am absolutely amazed at how much content and how long this game actually is. What really does this game the most credit is, I wasn’t bored once whilst playing, and I wasn’t waiting for the end of the game to roll around as I was having that much fun playing. There may not be a massive amount of replay ability given the linearity of the storyline, but the New Game+ mode will definitely cater for any people that are fans of the game play.Technically, the game runs in a much smaller resolution, whilst you can play full screen, it is a scaled up version. For some reason, I almost had a lot of stuttering during some moments in the game. This was fixed by reloading the game, but I couldn’t quite work out what was causing it. Obviously the game isn’t very taxing to run, given the 2D graphics, but still, I was dropping frames every now and again.  The game cannot be played using a controller without the use of third party software, but I would recommend people play this game with their mouse.To sum up, I am absolutely amazed at the quality of this game. It is easily one of my favourite RPG experiences I have ever had. I remarked quite a bit in this review about the resemblances between EBF4 and Pokémon, and that comparison really does this game justice. It is an absolute masterpiece of a game that looks so simple on the outside, but is beautifully and carefully developed on the inside. The game is so perfectly priced at £8, 99 too, with hours of content and high quality content at that!Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghere.You may also be interested in checking out a PC gaming podcast, be sure to headhere.http://store.steampowered.com/app/265610"
,Recommended,265610,32511071,Posted: 17 June,all,skull c1trus,"If you saw the cutscenes, this game may have seemed like crap. If you saw the trailers or screenshots, this game may have seemed like crap. But if you play the content of the game, then it shines through as what it really is; a gem. In a world of crappy rpgs made by third rate ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs, this is a breath of fresh air. It has a level of depth and detail uncommon to most indie titles of the same genre; where other games have stopgaps and filler, this one has quirky mechanics and ingenuity, refining old school rpg elements and adding new ones. The dialogue is surprisingly good, made better by the fact that its not a ""click to skip"" mess of a thousand meaningless lines endlessly repeated; the messages are short, concise, witty, and worthwhile, a feature so uncommon that it merits praise in this review.Overall: 8.5/10Played the series as a kid, and this lived up to the legacy."
,Recommended,265610,18414679,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Verdantil,"Tags: Topdown - RPGMaker & Party RPGTLDR: Solid all around. Good featureset.Awesome sense of humor. Classic early final fantasy battle formula. Endearing characters. Cool Plot. Varied skills, elements, items and battle mechanics. The world map is divided into screens which you navigate sector by sector and then connect shortcuts together once you clear areas. An impressively well designed game. One thing to keep in mind however is that this game is combat heavy, I wish there was more dialogue and plot lines because those are what makes the game memorable. Since first writing this review the dev has managed to rework the previous game in the series to replace copywrited monsters and released it for free on Steam. Epic battle fantasy 1-2 might still be floating around the web as well. Great achievements and there is a lot of hours you can sink into here if you play epic mode and go into the hardcore area after you beat the game and do endless waves and whatnot. A great pick for classic jrpg fans."
,Recommended,265610,10932350,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Utildayael,"I could write you a long review but honestly, here's what you need to know.1. JRPG - It's old skool. Turn based. Think Final Fantasy.2. It's anime. Yup. The art is overall pretty solid.3. It doesn't take itself seriously. This is the game that really is mostly fan service to all of us diehards who love this crap.4. You will save the world from an evil Godcat. I can't make this♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Is it best game you'll ever play? Probably not. It's fun and the price is right. If you hate any of the items above, pass on it, otherwise it's a good buy. :)"
,Recommended,265610,18020370,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Nightvale,"I found myself craving a good game with classic RPG elements.This game not only satified that, but left me with so many easter eggs that my entire gaming history has been relived before my eyes! :D Yes.10/10 would click on natalie again ;)"
76561198063336245,Recommended,265610,12233924,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Rilipworldwide,"Well first let me tell you that I have followed the series on Kongregate while it had only released Epic Battle Fantasy 1 and to be honest the first and second game wasn't that great but then the third instalment came to the series and it changed everything becouse it had absolutely everything an JRPG could offer for a flash game.I played Epic Battle Fantasy 3 about 5 to 10 times and when beating the game it gets a bit repetative so I usually came back for it every other month or so. Even when I had played it 9 times it was still as fun as it was the first time I started the game. But years passed and one day in 2013 just before I was about to turn off my computer I just wanted to check my Kongregate and there it was, Epic Battle Fantasy 4.I played the game 2 times or so on Kongregate but never really took the time to beat it but then a half year later when it got to steam I instantly bought it and played it through. I'm currently at my second playthrough and it has been some time since I bought it now.Lets get into the game shall weArt and Graphics: (10/10 absoultely love the art style)I personally love the cute anime based art style that the game has and the effects are well animated aswell as the world and items and don't forget all the monsters and characters all have high detail. You may wonder why I say that they are detailed while their not having that mush details like shadows and particles but that is becouse it has a perfect balance between being cartoonish and detailed so i would say that this is a kind of masterpiece.Sound and Music: (11/10 its my favorite game music and I listen to it all the time)I think that the sound effects in this game fits perfectly with only some few improvements coming into my mind sometimes but thats just if I'm picky.The music which is written by HalcyonicFalconX is absolutely stunning and as it changes from every region you visit it also changes the games atmosphere. From relaxing in the forest to intense in the factory aswell as epic while in the volcano. All I can say is that without the music the game wouldn't have such an impact on me as it had.Gameplay (combat): (8/10 the combat is great but can sometimes get a bit repetative)The combat system is that of any JRPG just that it is simple, highly detailed and fun but it does get repetative when going through an older region or before you unlock multi target skills. Anyhow the combat can make you quite impressed sometimes as some skills/attacks is simply epic.Gameplay (exploration): (9/10 the world and exploration is so relaxing)With a bunch of puzzles, easter eggs and a large variety of biomes to explore the exploration gets quite relaxing and at the same time interesting as you never know what you will find before uncovering the map.Content: (8/10 very mush content for having one developer)There is a large variety of quests, skills, items and monster but its not as mush content as you will find in an AAA game but thats obviouse that it would not have as mush content. I'm not saying that the game is low on content of items etc. but when you reach high levels for example you might have acctually leveled all skills to max and uppgraded every piece of equipment to the max. There is still enough of content to satisfy any player but I'm just saying that you might end up with nothing more to level up other than the characters levels but you wont reach the ""no more upgrades"" untill your in New Game+ or New Game++.Story: (7/10 even without any focus on the story I still like it)The game focuses on exploration, upgrading and combat but still offers a small story and its quite lighthearted and ammusing but still every time the game reveales a new part of the story you really feel like you are there in that offten wierd situation.Final Score: (9.8/10 this game is a must buy)Why such a high score well here is some ups and downs:+++ : The music is absolutely amazing++ : The sound fits very well with almost everything within the game++ : Exploration and puzzleing is very fun and can get you obsessed to clear everything to a 100%++ : The combat system is very strategic and interesting but its still simple enough to be played by a child++ : The sudden notices from the characters can get quite hilleriouse++ : The games easter eggs makes the game quite fun if you try to notice them all that is+ : The game offers New Game+ aswell as a large variety of items to use+ : Some skills/attacks can only be described with one word only: EPIC- : There is a large variety of Skills and Equipment but after starting New Game+ it feels like you found everything- : Going back to an older region does not provide with any supported combat untill you reach the next New Game+This is a must buy for all RPG fans aswell as to all Fantasy and Comedy fans so I hope this review helped and that you might buy this game."
76561197991657927,Recommended,265610,32735281,Posted: 24 June,all,MrMuse,Don't let the graphics of this game fool you into thinking it's a small casual game. It's a fully fledged RPG in the style of early Final Fantasy games. It also has a very glib but wicked sense of humour poking fun at the many tropes of the genre. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,265610,18799519,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Remi,EPIC BATTLE FANTASY 4-------------------------------------Good:+Dialogue is funny+Good and balanced combat (Turn based)+Nice atmosphere+Good music+Awesome achievements+Cool bosses+Lots of weapons and armors+Good/Cool variety of attacks and elements+Perverts+Sense of humour+Lots of dialogue+Cute things! (Slime Cats)Bad:-The walking around could've been done better-The quest system-Little confusing inventory etc.-Could've been a better way to navigate-Lots of dialogue
,Recommended,265610,10814740,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,oatmeal,You cant steal underwear in Final Fantasy. 11/10
,Recommended,265610,9260066,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,snorlaxxo,"This game is really fun! When i played it earlier I couldn't stop playing untill i finished it. Now I'm going to do same. This is just RPG with a turn-based battles, Where you can control 4 different heroes. Battles are very exciting and full of visual effects and references to the other games. When you're playing it, sometimes yu're ROTFL'ing, but always you're smiling :). More or less, this is an ,,Epic''<heh> RPG game, you will spend with her many wonderful hours for sure. Would play again 10/10.PS. There is also weird bug when you can't stop play ;D"
,Recommended,265610,12656840,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BJDware,"Randomly found this game and seeing that it had JRPG elements, i investigated further. I Watched a few gameplay video's, read the full description, but i found myself still not convinced that it was of worth. I Thought to myself, "" just go for it"".. i did not regret it one bit. I Am so addicted.How this game was created, was so thoughtful to details in the terms of gameplay. From witty dialog that pops up but does not get in your face, the excellent setup of the battle system, puzzles, loads of achievements to keep a player occupied, to even the collectable elements. The game is just so thoughfully pieced together.I Would recommend this game to anyone who loves the JRPG genre, and everyone else alike."
,Recommended,265610,17914820,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,orpe11,"TL;DR: A well done JRPG styled game, with a focus on adjusting your gear and tactics for each group and boss to hit weaknesses and exploit status effects. Requires a bit of strategy for optional things, but no too deep if you just want to enjoy it.I've actually played all the EBF's so far, and you don't need to play the others to play this one. Technically, you can play it for free on the website, minus some features, but the creator has done some amazing work on this title, so he deserves the money if you want to purchase it.Epic Battle Fantasy has always been about adjusting your tactics to your current enemies, and 4 is no different. The game boils down classic turn based combat into a purely fun formula. Each battle, even bosses, you can run from at will, so if you find new enemies you can scan them, then flee to adjust your gear if you like, or just hammer on through if you can. Most enemies can be beaten by using gear with no downsides and the proper elements, but obviously you will get much better results, especially against bosses and larger enemies, if you adjust your gear to hit their weaknesses. Unlike most JRPGs, status effects actually matter alot in the game, and alot of them work well in conjunction. One of the best combos is the darkness status effect decreases stats over time, and increases weakness to holy...and the holy status effect reduces the other stats over time, and increases weakness to dark. This leads to combos, such as having an accessory that gives the darkness-only debuff to your weapons, and using that against dark enemies so they receive even more holy damage. The game is all about finding those neat combos and useful effects, and using them well.The story is bare bones, but it doesn't need to be too epic (Despite the name), the summary from 3 to 4 as told in the intro is 'the heroes saved the world, so they thought they were entitled to everyones stuff, so they took it...that made people mad, insert new heroine'. The game makes light of typical JRPG tropes, without being too caustic. It also introduces new elements as you run into them, so it avoids any sort of tutorial. Sidequests are nothing more than gather materials, give to NPC.The game has many things you can do to improve your characters besides levelling, optional skills that you can only give to one character, upgrading weapons/armor (of which there are plenty), accessories, permanent stat boosting items that can be hoarded through numerous NG+s, etc. While you can go through it on easy, the game does reserve the boss achievements only for beating them on the highest difficulty, which is an effort no matter when you do it. The optional area, Battle Mountain, is even tougher for it, as the enemies level up with you, so you have to rely on strategy (and maybe some stat boosting items) to win. Still, every group of enemies is unique in structure, and the difficulty ramps up well, a very well designed curve for the game. There is some backtracking as you gain new items, to collect old stuff, but you don't feel too put upon to do so.Overall, I highly reccomend this game if you like a good turn based RPG that requires you to think about how to handle each encounter, without getting into a mindless slog through weak enemies."
,Recommended,265610,30483819,Posted: 12 March,all,atro city,"If you loved the gameplay of old-school JRPGs, then Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is right up your alley. It's one of the few examples of a Flash game that's actually good. The story is silly and almost nonexistant, but the gameplay is satisfying and scratches that JRPG itch. The game is well-balanced almost all the way through, with almost no points that feel badly-designed. If you do pick up EBF4 do yourself a favor and start on the highest difficulty (Epic), as I feel that's the way it's meant to be played. You can always switch to a lower difficulty if it ends up being too much, which is nice.The biggest flaw I can find with EBF4 is the 3-character party. There are 4 playable characters, but because there are permanent stat-boosting consumable items, the optimal way to play is to choose your party and completely ignore the 4th character for the whole game, because any stat-boosters would be wasted on them.Other than that, EBF4 is a great game that, while it may not be a masterpiece, is still a lot of fun and an homage to a genre that the game industry has long since forgotten."
,Recommended,265610,26860617,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Supreme Overlord ShadowCroc,"TL;DR:- game is a bit intensive on low-end computers+ Lots of content (Summons, equipment, skills, etc.)+ Tons of achievements (Just click Natalie's boobs and then leave that in your review)+ 4 different difficulties (Easy, Normal, Hard, Epic)+ 4 unique characters+ Free OST with the game+ So much moreI've been waiting some time time to do a review of this game, considering I still haven't completed it, but I can say I love the thought and content this game provides, as it is far more in-depth than its predecessor, Epic Battle Fantasy 3 (EBF3). This game brings forth so many more mechanics than EBF3, and I just love it to death. Some mechanics were even changed for more balance, which I am happy that ups the challenge, while also making it more fair (no more half health poison damage due to the poison stacking enemies could do).Only downside is that the game is a bit intensive. Lower end computers might want to at least chanmge the graphics to medium (still might lose some frames).With about 10 status ailments, a ton of summons and skills, tons of equipment, a vast amont of achievments, silly dialogue, a decent story, with all of this topped off with a fourth party member, I have come to truly love this game in the EBF series. I do highly recommend this if you enjoy a nice challenging RPG (especially in the major bonus area). Not to mention, you get a really good OST for free if you get the game so that's pretty nice. I also highly recommend just keeping an eye on the dev (Yeah. One guy made just about everything aside from the OST) as he is already working on EBF5 if I remember correctly. Check out his website:http://kupogames.com/If you made it this far, thanks for reading my review. I apologize if this review seemed to just go everywhere, but I really did try to express the joy I got from playing the game. I hope that I was able to express that joy into those reading this. To further express my joy for this game, I will state that I would even do an LP/Walkthrough? Some day when I get my PC back, I plan on LPing the game just because this series has given me comfort and maybe even a reason to live. Rambling aside, I hope you guys enjoy this game.P.S. This game is getting my ""We Didn't Think Of Everything"" award! Thanks a bunch Steam Awards! :D"
,Recommended,265610,11685707,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,IIIStrife,"First off, Yes, you can play this game on Kongregate or Newgrounds (or possibly Matt's DA), however the version you play will not be this one.In other words, No, this isn't the same game you can play on the sites I previously mentioned.What you'll play is indeed an RPG akin to the old days of Final Fantasy, when Combat wasn't real-time combat with before-use cooldowns.To those unfamiliar with the Epic Battle Fantasy series (namely the ones with actual story elements) This is an RPG game with tons of funny things here and there, self-referencing humor, and things that reference alot of other things.So basically the story so far is there's 3 heroes.One is Matt, who jsut wants food, like swords and piracy... He's also a pirate.. Did I mention he has a guitar and likes Death Metal? I jsut did, you're welcome, reason 1 to buy this game.There's Natalie, whose powers are in her awe-inspiring magical powers, witty remarks, different mindset of the others, and her boobs. No seriously she's kinda the ""Big boobed girl cliche"" of the series, though she's hilariously not jsut eye candy,  dishing out the sage advice and owning remarks. But even more seriously she's literally the only one who can decently heal and revive party members. She's kinda the most important character combat-wise.There's Lance who is a military guy.In a world filled with big demons (like the last villain you kill in #3), sapient cats with no limbs able to wield weapons via unexplained telepathy powers, elementals, magic, Lance is the one who kills things with overwhelming firepower. Seriously though, he melts those who are weak to bomb-type attacks and even has decent fire and electric attacks.There's a 4th character, a huntress druid girl for Natalie to relate to.This game also has achievements alongside the medals of the game, giving you elevated bragging rights.Your progress on this version won't be wiped by clearing your cache or cookies.There's what I call a Shamievement, an achievement that's more or less a badge of shame like Duke Nukem Forever's Turd Burglar. You'll be rewarded for being a perv by this, though it really could be worse, so in terms of them, it's really not bad.Here's the part you care about though... The exclusive content.This version has more weapons, and more items in general, save for crafting materials (i think) and this game has an entire area called Challenge Mountain. This area is literally filled with enemy encounters which all have 8 enemy encounters each and stronger versions of the bosses in the game which are WAY harder to kill.Every enemy in thise area scales with level, which means you can get past all enemies at level 1, though you do need quest items like the axe or battery to get past some bits.How does this game fare? Well for someone who played the first half 3 times on Kongregate, I can say the game fares really awesomely. I mean... never did I once say ""Oh god not this part again"" or the infamous ""Why can't I just skip this"" and I'm one of many who found Diablo 2 monotonous after Normal difficulty.This game is very fun, has some funny elements and even gets challenging properly without feeling unfair. This game doesn't have any difficulty spikes... until the final area, but around then you're ready for it. This game is simply a blast, the only thing stopping me from playing it is just the simple fact I'm feeling a bit bored of RPGs in general.Alongside such big titles like Final Fantasy, Diablo, Torchlight, and even anything else you could really think of, this game holds it's own ground. The game is honestly fairly unique in my opinion.This game in my books gets a 7/10. It's pretty good honestly, and I'd easily recommend it to anyone who likes Turn-Based games and RPGs, Despite the fact you can play the game on Kongregate with 30% less content for free."
,Recommended,265610,9309239,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,AskaLangly,"Back when I was a heavy Kongregate user in 2013, this little gem has had great potential. So much, it was worth buying Kreds to purchase the bonuses. So if this game runs on Kongregate, you are right: this game is Flash-based. Yeah, Flash games have a bad rep on Steam, but this one cuts that, the cake, AND adds icing on the cake, making it a great RPG to play on Steam.What I have loved has, and always will be, the music(http://halcyonicfalconx.bandcamp.com/album/the-music-of-epic-battle-fantasy-iv). The $12 is worth it, believe me. Favorite track is 'Elfin': makes PERFECT battle music, comparable to many of the SquareEnix jRPGs out there. It's heard once you reach the cavern entrance. For those who have complained about this being a paid game over the free Kongregate version, this comes WITH the OST, located within the install folder.This version is Steam Cloud-enabled, so a long-awaited feature, cloud saves, exist finally. Saves will be created in the install folder under .meow's (very funny, Matt...). This one feature has the advantage over the Kongregate version....Or maybe it's because I have had this fondness for Natalie, the red-hair, blue-eyed beauty who has this skill named Genesis. You tell me what the creator had in mind, given my username and avatar...I say BUY THIS!!!"
,Recommended,265610,9259800,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,[cf] Nick ka ka,"Without a doubt a wonderful rememberance to the old classic rpg games you would play growing up. With lots of great challenges and a beautiful soundtrack, Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is one of the best ways to spend your evening."
,Recommended,265610,31831057,Posted: 18 May,all,真 MUTANT OVERLORD(off.until1.11),"Pros:-old school turn based combat system from Final Fantasy-simple yet good art style-a lot of content including basic story mode, boss rush, endless wave, new free dlc areas, 4 difficulty levels-humor-deep in game mechanics-challenging puzzles, enemies and bosses-fair content vs priceCons:-none (I am not joking, I couldn't find anything bad about this game)"
76561198118729792,Recommended,265610,28756216,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,WarDamnEagle03,Really fun to play.  Easy to get into.  Love how it spoofs itself and the whole JRPG genre with it's jokes.  Definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,265610,9272013,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Killcreek2,"One word review:Awesome!Do you like RPG games? Over-the-top attack moves? Tongue-in-cheek humour? Cute graphics? Amazing soundtrack?  ~ Then this game is for you! ♡With more gameplay than many AAA ""factory made"" games released by big companies (who dare to charge $40 for 15 hours worth) and much replayability with the new arena/boss modes - this little gem of a game will not disappoint.Still unsure?Then check out the free basic/lite/demo version available on the web - if you like that, you will love theLARGEamount of extra content Matt (the one and only developer) has added for this version."
76561198053633082,Recommended,265610,26292484,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tie Tass,"One of the best games I've ever played, don't know if it's an over load of nostalgia that makes it good, or if it's that actual game. Though I've got a feeling that it's both.If you remeber playing this game or any of the previous ones on a website like Kongregate and you've enjoyed it, or if you just like turn-based RPGs. This game will not fail to keep you entertained and occupied.I would definetly have more hours on this game if had enough free time to play more.Here are some good things about the game:-Great art-As good as you can get when it comes to turn-based gameplay-Light hearted/silly story-Pretty long boss battles or battles in general (if you enjoy that kind of thing)-Different difficulty settings if you're struggling or want a challenge.-Realistic jiggle physics-Pretty funny dialogue-Cool weapons, armour, and skills-And alot moreThere's no real complaints I have about the game other than some battles can take a really long time, like seriously I don't  if I just suck, but the most recent boss I got to took me about an hour to kill... And that's all I have to say about this game so I'm going to stop giving you my pretty biased opinion and let you decided what to rate it, once you've played."
76561198053671615,Recommended,265610,10748225,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ThatGuy,I touched boobs and got an acheivement for it.10/10
,Recommended,265610,23005217,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"In today's era of multi-tasking, it's not enough to perform just one job at a time, or even engage in a single recreational activity. Take right now for example, you're probably not just reading this review. If I had to guess, you're also eating lunch, catching up on your netflix backlog, listening to music, and browsing your favorite p... nevermind. Some jokes are just too easy to make, and that's no fun.The point is, we're living in a time where all of our eyes, ears, and limbs have to be used at their maximum efficiency. On its own, Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is a solid little RPG. While its threadbare plot and meme-filled writing won't win any awards; there is a certainje ne sais quoiabout the adventure. This might be attributed to the fact that boss-monsters tend to guard items that assist in exploration. The first boss guards an axe, which can be used to cut down all of the trees you might have passed by earlier. This is a linear game, but there's always an incentive to go back and collect treasure you couldn't reach before.EBF4 employs a lot of ideas specifically designed to keep gamers playing as long as possible. Alongside traditional avenues such as gaining experience, you also strengthen party-members by collecting materials and upgrading their equipment. Practically every weapon and armor has an element tied to it, and if you're playing on the hardest difficulty, you'll want to take full advantage of elemental strengths and weaknesses. To really get the advantage, you'll want to explore and obtain all of the rare stat-boosting foods as well. Since this RPG offers New Game+, which begins directly after the defeat of the final boss, you may find yourself caught in the cycle. This all-too familiar hamster wheel promises opportunities to make your party-members even stronger, and see those lovely stats & numbers get really, really high.Unless you're playing on the harder difficulties, EBF4 works quite well as a ""second-window"" game. While you're playing this decent little RPG, you can watch some videos, read a book, or do whatever else. There are a few charming cut-scenes over the course of this game that will draw your attention and remind you of what's currently going on. Otherwise your mind is free to wander onto other topics as you lead the heroes through the motions: Kill monsters, collect treasure, upgrade loot, etc.One thing I have to nitpick about is how enemy waves are handled. Most battles tend to involve multiple parties of monsters. When you destroy the first set, another set will take its place. This is all well and good, but I have a complaint. If the last enemy in one wave is killed with a counter-attack, the next wave that appears will get a free turn. I figure that this is because it's still considered the ""enemy's turn"", but it's pretty annoying when it happens. Some of the references and dialogue are also dated and uber-cringe, but it's not that big of a deal. I mean, some of the lines are just plain dumb, but I've already forgotten most of them. Of course it helps that while I played this game I was readingThree Kingdoms.With a game like Epic Battle Fantasy 4, there's only so much to talk about. Either you're 100% behind the idea of leading a plucky group of adventurers in the pursuit of higher numbers, or you just want something to busy yourself while watching four twitch.tv streams at once. For what it is, this is a fine RPG, just don't set your expectations too high."
,Recommended,265610,15299934,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,AaronThePugLord,"Best jiggle physics in recent games ever.Epic Battle Fantasy 4 used to be a browser game. I used to play games from Miniclip and other websites that provide flash games, but for some reason I didn't came across this one. Boy did I missed out. In case you couldn't tell, its a turn-based RPG. It has funny jokes, fourth-wall breaking and references to other games all over the place.Like every RPG, you go around killing enemies to get materials to upgrade equipment, doing quest and side-quest and buy stuff from shops, you know the usual stuff. And thats what makes this game great. Its a very nostalgic feeling of how a RPG should feel, but they removed one key mechanic that made this game even better.NO. GRINDING.Item drops from enemies for upgrades can be bought from shops so you can grind or if u have gold u can just buy it from the shops. This made me so happy to see because so many games rely on grinding to extend the gameplay which is extremely tedious.The characters are great, the music can be better (tho i usually play the game with the music and sfx muted cuz i can play while doing something else) and the achievements are challenging and fun.RPGs lovers have no reason to not get this. This game is great. Cant wait for EBF5 whenever thats gonna be.10/10"
,Recommended,265610,12318623,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Cykrion,"I defenitely recommend this game! The steam version has many extra perks that the flash game doesn't have! Some of these perks are battle mountain (A place where you get to fight upgraded bosses. You don't get any experience, AP, or gold, but you can get some really sweet loot!) You also have the amazing soundtrack in the installation folder, if you're into that. I totally am ^^. The game also looks and sounds much better than the flash version.5/5 Amazing game C:"
,Recommended,265610,28128881,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Karma,"TL:DR - 8/10 would highly recommend to those who love collecting-achievements and RPGs without taking them seriously+ 12+ Hours of gameplay+ New Game++ Achievements- Lag/slow down issues- Bestiary does not save to other filesUnlike Epic Battle Fantasy 3, I find this version to be harder. The game is longer due to the bigger worlds so EXP and AP leveling is a bit slowed down it seems to make up for the larger worlds and more battles.Plenty of unlockables and pathways to go, however I find myself rarely using the new girl unless one of the original characters is dead and I am too lazy to revive them.The puzzles are still a nice challenge, not too hard but not too easy but at the same time some of them are just time consuming and this is due to the slow down.EBF3 did not have slow-down but even with turning off animations and making the graphics as low as possible my game still slows down and seem to freeze when changing to a new scenary. Heck my game crashed on me after a battle even though I had nothing else running. Now I keep saving more than ever incase it randomly wants to break down on me.I enjoy the game but the lag/slow down issues need to be fixed, other on forums have reported this. It may be due to the game being larger in size then EBF3 but my game can handle much bigger and better games graphical-wise so the issue is just a massive let-down, specially when re-checking areas for 100% completion.I would still recommend this game, I have not even completed it once yet and still have 12+ hours clocked in on this and I know generally know what to do and know the enemies already so you do get your money's worth.Only other bad thing to say is the fact Bestiary does not save over to other save-files unlike in EBF3 where they did and this was helpful because scanning was a pain. The scanning in this one is not so much of a chore but still annoying you need to rescan everything when you start a new game."
,Recommended,265610,21911108,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,paradox,"I want to hate this game because its humor and art-style remind me of the 12-year old meme-lords of yester-year who spoke in a mix of memes and emoticons. It almost stopped me from playing, but i regretfully have to say that this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Everytime i went further in it, it surprised me again with its interesting abilities, good puzzles, and well balanced combat [at least if you play on the highest difficulty, the lower ones are way too easy]. The game lives up to its statements of being influenced by the likes of Golden Sun and Final fantasy, which is amazing since i havent seen a good rpg like golden sun in a very long time.Its fun, easy to understand, well balanced for good fun exploration, while not throwing in too much irrelevant sidequesting [which is the bane of many games]. The map is well crafted, and theres plenty of content for those who seek it.overall, actually one of the best rpgs i've played in a very, VERY, long time. But f*ck me, those memes are cancerous.8.5/10, too much memes."
,Recommended,265610,24547526,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dondonz,You can get an achievement for clicking boobs.10/10
,Not Recommended,265610,11078123,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Shotime,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is an interesting game.  It's an ""old-school inspired"", JRPG-esque game but it's also heavily Western in styling...I know that's a strange sentance but this is a strange game.  The characters and dialogue are cheeky, fun, and likable, and the animations are well done and seem powerful.  The music is pretty good (although repetitive) and there are almost too many collectable and upgradable weapons, skills, and summons to digest at once.Even with all that said, while playing this game I strangely felt like there wasn't all that much compelling me to keep going.  I got a few hours enjoyment out of it so I don't necessarily regret the purchase but it just wasn't a gripping title by any means.  It's really a glorified web/flash game with a few perks that it picked up when it moved to Steam.Epic Battle Fantasy 4 isn't bad per se, but I don't think I would recommend it to other gamers.  That said, if it looks interesting, I'd recommend playing it for free in its original medium - a web flash game:http://www.kongregate.com/games/kupo707/epic-battle-fantasy-4If you like it and/or want to purchase it to support the developer please go ahead, the game works flawlessly as a desktop title and the port from web to client went very smoothly.All in all I'd give it a 6/10 - and I would recommend once again that interested parties check out the web version before purchasing.  The game shows potential, but really it seems to be trying to pull off what Cthulhu Saves the World and Breath of Death VII achieve much more gracefully.  However, the production value and syling of Epic Battle Fantasy seems of higher quality than the other two titles I listed, so if the author can make a few tweaks I see bright things for the future of this series."
76561198042025529,Recommended,265610,28766387,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mr45,"Short Review:Highly Recomended!The game is incredible with it's amazing artwork, fun designs and animations, superb music, collectables, and difficulty levels ranging from casual> some challenge> to Holy Crap this seems impossible but I KNOW it's not. My god it feels good to knock this game out on the highest difficulty but it's not the reason I came in the first place since this series is fantastic. If you haven't played this series yet, get on it! It's a blast (sometimes literally as the combat is way more deep than at first glance). Looking forward to EBF5 Matt!"
76561198061836481,Recommended,265610,23258409,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Exerdath,I played for 15 minutes...too bad in real world 2 hours have passed
76561198028706850,Recommended,265610,30443510,Posted: 11 March,all,Droopynator,"Go see the bad reviews :- ""Nice, but I don't like this type of game"" (well, so you are biased, good sir)- ""Too much weeb♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't like it"" (You bought with eyes closed ?)- ""I can play free in flash version"" (Doesn't make the game bad, does it ?)- ""Good game but doesn't deserve high note"" (It's based on a yes or no system, so you say it's bad just to frack the global note... that's messed up)All in all, the people voting against this game don't say it's bad.I loved this game when it was free, I still love it, I bought it just to support de dev, he deserves it.And, yes, my review is just ridiculing bad reviews, shame on me :)"
,Recommended,265610,27039386,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jing Kaymall,you can click on the Natalie's chest an unlimited number of times to make them jiggle. there is also an achievment for doing this.
76561198081491067,Recommended,265610,9392124,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,EchoTriux,"If you've talked to me for more than 20 seconds you will no doubt know that my favorite developer goes by the name ""Kupo"". Matt ""Kupo"" Rozsak made his debut with a stupid♥♥♥♥♥fighting game where you pressed SPACE before the ai opponent. it had some nice artwork and it was well made for someone working on his own, but it lacked...everything else. Kupo's next game was something far, far better.The first Epic Battle Fantasy game.5 years or so later he is STILL working on his own and produeced a game of a godlike calibre.  EBF4 was available (as were Matt's other titles) for free on Kongregate, Newgrounds, Armorgame etc for a while, but people where saying EBF3 was so good they'd pay money for it. One installment later, the Epic Battle Fantasy series had a big enough following that 3 or 4 months after the release Kupo decided to put it on steams greenlight, and so it was lit.Kupo had already programmed an expansion pack for ebf4, so obviously that is included in this version. Some minor changes are the inclusion of grey text that appears when an attack isn't very effective, and putting some new mini-bosses in some places. However, one MASSIVE expansion is that of Battle Mountain. Battle Mountain is a gauntlet, essentially. You fight your way up from the base of the mountain to the top, along the way finding the bosses from the main storyline have returned wit a few...slight twists, aswell as the inclusion of the Dark Players should you get far enough in, which are evil version of the characters you play as, mentioned to be the hardest bosses in the game by Kupo himself.EBF4 is an rpg, plain and simply. as the ladder part of the name reveals, it's taken inspiration from classics such as Final Fantasy among other popular stratagy games and rpgs. in this game you take control of 4 characters on you mission to smite god herself (yes, herself) before she can do the same to you and all the other living beings on the planet.The characters you control:-Matt: Self-inserted pirate-swordsman, Matt Uses almost exclusively physical, single-target attacks which typically don't give enemies statis ailments unless the equipped sword does so.Completely destroys Bosses and has the strongest Limit Break attack in the game (Even stronger than most enemies attacks i'd say) known as ""Cleaver"", doing 700 Base power(x5) damage without buffs. (The second strongest Limit Break does 550 base power). He also has an ability known as ""Revenge"" that deals more damage the more total-team health is missing (mostly accounting for his, but if an ally is dead the damage is boosted) making him able to shred through anything aslong as he doesn't die (obviously).-Natalie: The Healer-mage with huge♥♥♥♥♥♥ Best used as a healer, but can pull her own weight using exclusively ranged-magical attacks, having the widest move pool she's easy to expiremet with and see whether battle-mage or healer is best suited for your stratagy. For Healer, she has the only ability in the game to heal all party members at once, (without summons) and can set up combos by boosting magic attacks of allies and weakening enemies defenses. As a battle-mage, she has the usual fire-ice-electric-boom setup, but also is able to use attacks like ""Spectrum"" which deals damage and inflicts statuses based on  your currently-equipped staff. Natalie also brings a devestating holy attack know as ""Judgement"" and it's opposite, a darkness attack ""Pulsar"" to make quick work of anything of the opposite element.-Lance: Gun enthusiast and soldier of an unknown army (maybe) -Uses a mixture of Magical and physical attacks, Easily the most powerful against non-boss enemies.He can unload an entire mag of his freakin' awesome gunblade or maybe call in an airstrike, whatever way he takes enemies out, it's always flashy. Lance is able to fire lazers from space, so clearly he is my favorite to play. Easily his most devastating attack is Hyper Beam, where it requires one turn to charge, then, in the the next 3 turns you may fire it, It hits everyone for massive magical damage and reflects the elemental typing of your weapon. Facing five fire enemies at once? Switch to the water cannon and shoop-da-woop their asses out of existence. Awesome.- Anna: Nature's ♥♥♥♥♥- personally my least favorite, good for inflcting status effects with her Arrow Rain ability, and she also attacks with a mixture of physical and magical damage, leaning more towards physical. She can also learn healing spells so Natalie doesn't have to do all of it, but none of her abilities heal more than one person, to make up for that she gives healed player ""Blessed"" status, preventing them from being inflicted with status effects. She's the weakest in terms of strength and I find she's only good as a support to set up combos.The only negative things about this game-1) It's not kind to the uninformed. Not knowing that you're supposed to summon the ScanBot to get information on your enemies' weaknesses and resistences can be devastating during fights. Also, not knowing which skills to get on whom, how to spread your stat boosting items, and other essential things to survival are not taught to you. I suggest playing EBF1 or 2 before attempting this game.2) Epic mode is honesty TOO hard. in the older games Epic mode made enemies 40% stronger and gave them new moves. In this game, it makes them 100% harder, and start the battle afflicted with a status they are 200% resistent to (IE- Poison heals instead of damages). This makes the game boring as you are constantly buffing yourself and charging attacks and setting up to do the most damage possible to a level 3 slime because if you don't it will kil you by brushing up against your knees too swiftly.3) Items essental to the area you're in being given to you 2 areas ahead. This happens surprisingly often. I recall getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by some ice enemies only to find a staff boosting ice defense and strengthening fire attacks in the next area.Number 3 is a personal problem, but 1 and 2 should be headed if you are not a veteran to the RPG style of play. Other than that and a few minor complaints I have about the distribution of critical items, I have no real complaints.If you're not in to RPGs, this game may not be for you, as there is little in the way of minigames. If you do not like to spend time micromanaging every bit of equipment, play on normal, if you are used to RPGs in general, play on hard, if you have played through ebf4 prior, play on epic if you choose. The only reason to play on easy is if the Dark Players are making you rage and you just want to kill them already after your 40th attempt...in other words, easy is too easyTip- Use scanbot during your first move against the enemies, then run away. The flee command never fails, you can use this to get infromation on a new enemy before a fight and allow you not to waste a turn at the beginning of a fight by calling for scan bot after you enter it for the second time.Meaningless and totally bias score: 10/10 as RPGs go. This is easily my favorite of the RPG genre and I encourage anyone to atleast play the free version if you are a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Also, I did say he was working alone, but that's not entirely true, He also Had the help of HFX who handled the music, and was given some additional designs by various fans (listed in the credits).I salute you, Kupo, You've come a long way since EBF1."
,Recommended,265610,24222401,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dragonova,"To think, this game started life as a flash game on Kongergate:I'm not kidding about that statement, it baffles me to think that this game is flash. I've been playing this game with very little previous knowledge of the series and I've been loving it to pieces. EBF4 is a lovechild/parody of games like FInal Fantasy and other turn-based RPG's. So right off the bat, if you like those games then you will most likely love EBF4. Not a fan of JRPG's like I am? Then continue reading as this review will be based on that mentality.So first thing you may ask is ""What if I'm not great at RPG's?"" No worries, EBF4 has multiple difficulty settings so you can either worry about resistances and stats or just use the flashiest move you have. So what is so different about this game that I shoud considering it worth my money? Well the game is not serious, like at all. The game is part parody after all so the game is very funny and makes a ton of jokes at RPG's and gaming overall. The 4 charecter's are all really interesting and have a ton of good lines. Other than that, there is the previously mentioned simple but intuitive RPG combat mechanics. Most of your attacks are in the form of spells and trust me when I say there are plenty of spells to customize your movesets out. The game is very straight foward too, NPC quests is are short and sweet and there are only two optional areas to visit. Yet despite the linar design, there is a ton of replay value. The main story is about 8-12 hours but you can play through the game multiple times with harder foes and do other stuff like collect all of the medals and weapons. To tie all of the game together there is simplistic but charming art style and one of the best soundtracks to a game ever, I'm not even kidding when I say that last part.So overall, would I recommend this game to newbies of the RPG category, maybe. Would I recommend this to long-term RPG fans, definetely. Would I recommend this to those who just want to play a silly and fun idie RPG to enjoy,  yes. The game is cheap and I guarentee you'll like it."
76561198042033240,Recommended,265610,19340867,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,TSense,"I played this one for free, but got it anyway on steam. Pure support for Mat.Played 60 hours on steam already (after beating the game 2 times before).Still not sick of it.And that comes from someone who is poor. How poor? I got Skyrim with DLC for 7 bucks, which is my standart money to fun ratio."
,Recommended,265610,20137603,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,♥ Remi Kat  ♥,My childhood game has finally gotten onto steam...AND IT'S WORTH IT!
,Recommended,265610,22864689,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Although I don't quite understand thehugeamount of love and praise forEpic Battle Fantasy 4, I did enjoy my time enough to give it a thumb's up.Is it worth twelve bucks? I really don't think so, but its frequently on sale - and it is worth something. It is quite fun and addicting, if not a bit repetitive. I feel it suffers from a quantity-over-quality aspect where there are metric tons of items and crafting recipes, but its all just 'stuff'. Like, I don't care about the loot items, only when I can upgrade my sword. That kind of thing.Essentially, you grind through enemies over and over.You get loot, you upgrade, you grind more. It is addicting, and the animations and music are all great. While the humor really shines, the story is quite forgettable IMO.Pros:+Fun classic RPG that gets a lot right+Great animations and music+Great humor (wayyyy better thanUnderTaleIMO)+User interface is pretty well doneCons:-Storyline is meh-Tons of items, but who cares what they are - only if they can be a 'part' to craft that new sword (this is hard to explain)-Very grindy; you just grind enemies the whole time-Probably not worth full price IMOI've enjoyed my time in it so far, and will likely finish it.I'd totally pick this up on a sale."
,Recommended,265610,9303515,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,RoxasTheHunter,"One of the Best RPG's I Have ever played. If your a FF fan BUY this it awesome. For those of you complaining ""This is a free flash game!"" it is and it isnt. The steam version includes• Includes Kongregate’s Premium Pack, which adds:• 8 new bosses, 27 new equips, 8 new skills.• Huge new area to explore.• Survival mode and boss rush challenges.• Newgame+ feature, with higher level monsters.• Support for different window sizes and fullscreen resolutions.• Uncompressed audio and various visual improvements; the game looks and sounds better than ever.• Integration with Steam’s achievements, trading cards, and most importantly, cloud saving.• Includes the soundtrack. (26 tracks!)So yah not the same flashgame you could find on kong. Kupo 707 is a great Developer and you should support him buying the game"
,Recommended,265610,11140847,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,PhyreMatrix,"I've been playing this game for the past 2 weeks and absolutely love it. At first I thought it might be one of those parody/homage to old RPGs but while this game doesn't do anything revolutionary with the turn based formula it does present an interesting challenge without any of the annoyances of past well known games.First thing you should know that it does contain a lot of references from old school games like Final Fantasy to Pokemon to some less obvious. That doesn't mean this game isn't original. It's got a light hearted story and a charming cast of characters. There are a few references of previous Epic Battle Fantasy games that might be lost on you but they happen more so for comedic effect and doesn't hinder understanding the story whatsoever.I think what really makes this game enjoyable is the battle system. There's a few notable improvements on the old turn based formula that make fighting more strategic and less of a chore:1. You are able to change equipment and characters on the fly - In the middle of a battle you aren't bound to the 3 characters and if you're not quite properly equipped to handle the foes you're battling you can easily swap out equipment during your turn. Characters in reserve also recover HP/MP each turn so it makes things slightly easier.2. Elements and status effects play a prominent role in fights - This adds a bit of challenge. Generally there's 10 elemental resistances and another dozen status effects. Instead of always equipping the stronger weapon / armor you'll find yourself adjusting to weapons of different elements for maximum damage and defense. I find this particularly nice and adds a bit of strategy because depending on the foes you're going to be changing equipment a lot.3. Limits / Summons - Will do wonders if you know when to use them. You could opt for a blind challenge in which you don't know any of your enemies' weaknesses but, if you're not into blindly hitting anything that moves you'll end up scanning foes a lot to learn what makes them tick. Unlike most RPGs the scan feature in this game is super useful. It also helps that the scanned information is readily available after you scan each foe. It doesn't just disappear for it to be forgotten and spam attacks anyway.4. Upgrades - You keep all your equipment so it helps that you can use various items to improve weapon resistance and deal added damage.While I do enjoy playing most games with a controller I found using my mouse extremely simple to move, access menus  and fight. Also the environments are vibrant and fresh so you don't get bored too quickly. The side quest Battle Mountain and varying difficulty levels are available for those who love a challenge. There's also 100+ achievements for the would be hunters to come back and 100% this game. I've only been on my first playthrough but I don't think replayability is high but for the price you have a decent 20hr minimum game on your hands. I would suggest if you're a fan of RPGs to get this. It's a bit light on story but it's done a couple of fun things with the battle system that will keep you entertained for a while."
76561198109456121,Recommended,265610,9310832,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Velerium,"I know, this has been said by many people by now, but still: do NOT trust who says free version on Kongregate is the same as this! There's a good amount of extra content, definitely worth its price.Now, about the game...I'm a huge fan of turn-based RPGs, and this game is exactly as good as I would have expected from Matt.And I just love you developers for having included the soundtrack in the bundle, I'd listen to it all day!And last but not least, thanks for the arena. Really.Now, I'm off to play it, keep it up!"
,Recommended,265610,25591176,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Parzival,>Funny>Meta>Gr8 gameplay>Complicated in the best way>Awesome enemy/character/item design>Sick spell animations>Basic-but-good story10/10 would masochist Epic mode again
76561198033293455,Recommended,265610,9408262,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Rocket2049,"by reading that title you're probably gonna assume it's a Final Fantasy knockoff, but don't be so quick to drop this game!Gameplay:you explore around the game's map in a zelda/dragon quest style overworld map,you can use arrow keys/WSAD to move on the maps, but in combat it's mouse only (no gamepad support)the game is a turn based RPG, battles aren't random, but instead you run into an enemy to engage them in battle,combat is done with 4 party members, 3 of which are active in battle and one is the backup that you can switch in without wasting a turn, and also recovers their HP/MP while in backup.you got your nature based archer Anna, your cliche powerful swordsman Matt, the well-endowed mage Natalie, and the crazy gun maniac and tank summoner Lance.you defeat your enemies using all of your many equipments: weapons, clothes, accessories, Flairs which each have their own resistances/elements (there's a lot!) and they all can be upgraded to increase their effectiveness, not only that but you got skills and magic at your disposal as well!each enemy has different weaknesses/resistances that you NEED to pay attention to, unless you wanna do 0 damage, or worse, HEAL your enemies by accident, luckily you can ""scan"" enemies using your summoned scanbot which forever allows you to see their weaknesses/resistances.each character has their own skills to learn that are unique to each one, but there's also skills that are shared between them, but only ONE can use them so you'll have to plan around this a bit, you can forget skills if you really need to.there's also ""limit breaks"" not unlike a FF game you charge your limit guage by taking damage and unleash powerful moves, like a rapid-hit sword slash combo, summoning a space ion-cannon, or fully healing your partyand then you can use summons, which use SP that you gain from defeating enemies, like a dog that throws healing items to you, an Ice elemental that freezes enemies, and a cat with no legs that slashes everyone, and later on even summon boss monsters to your side!oh and there's quests that require you to grab certain (rare) items and bring them to NPCs, cause they're too lazy to do it themselves!Music/sound:this game's soundtrack is what makes it a little more unique, of course it's all original and done by an awesome artist (BTW soundtrack comes with the steam game!) it really sets the mood of the game.if you've played the flash game, the quality of both sounds and music are a LOT better on this version!Graphics:if you're looking for awesome 3D graphical eye-gasms... well you might not enjoy thisbut if you like hand-drawn 2D sprites and comical anime-style character designs this game has all of that!don't worry though the graphics are pretty well done for what they are, with idle animations for both party members and enemies alike, no static combat sprites here! and a lot of the skill/limit break animations are awesome!I should mention the entire game was originally designed in adobe flash, but personally this has to be one of the best flash graphics I've seen!again, this version has better graphics quality from the flash game. with resolutions up to 1280x800 and fullscreen!Difficulty:this game has an adjustable difficulty from 4 settings, that you can change at ANY TIME.believe me when I say it makes the difference of a cakewalk 10 hour game, to uber insane Bosses that 1-hit KO the unprepared!!the games difficulty changes the enemy stats by a percentage, making them have more/less HP and do more/less damage to youEasy (50%) normal (100%), hard (150%), Epic (200%)you get the same EXP, money and AP regardless of difficulty, some achievements require you to play on epic that's all.Replayability:other than different difficulties, the game has a ""second quest"" and ""third quest"" mode which is basically the same game again but with higher level enemies. and also has a new game+ so you can play again and again while still keeping your levels, AP, and equipment.there's a bonus area called Battle Mountain, that holds extra bosses and challenge battles, including one that puts you against  multiple bosses back to back!also you can try to finish every quest, learn every skill to max, and forge all your equipment to max, and reach lv99 if you wish to do so.Summary:even though it started as a flash browser game, it has to be one of the most AWESOME flash RPGs i've played, and in some ways better than a lot of mainstream RPGs.this steam version includes  all the ""premium"" features from the browser version, with better sound and graphics quality, and allows you to transfer saves from the browser game to the steam game! (read in forum how to do this)it's pretty damn entertaining, the game makes jokes on itself and the dialog, both in battle and out, can be fun to read.but, damned if your first encounter with ""God Cat"" won't catch you off guard, and it'll quickly remind you why this game is called EPIC battle fantasy!!THERE'S ALSO A FREE VERSION ONKONGREGATE.COM,NEWGROUNDS.COMANDARMORGAMES.COMtry that first, this one's an UPGRADED version with all the additional content included!!for those wondering why buy the steam game over the free browser one:-second and third quests included (premium only on browser game)-higher graphics, and sound quality (1280x800, and fullscreen)-Battle Mountain area which holds the ""premium"" items from the browser game.-cloud saves through steam, if you realize how easily you can lose your browser game data, this is IMPORTANT!!-26 track soundtrack included with the game!!"
76561197982317917,Recommended,265610,11109690,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,spiralyguy,"If you like Final Fantasy and silly humour this game is pure win.EDIT:  After finishing the whole game on normal, I'm still very impressed and have penciled in a second playthrough on hard difficulty at some point.  Here's a more in depth analysis.First up, I love the inventory.  You can hold every item in the game but there is no problems with clutter.  You never have to worry about a full inventory or wonder if you should sell an item you may need later on.  Huge time saver, I hate managing inventory.Abilities are chosen with experience points.  There are skills and specials.  Skills are character specific, like the fighter gets sword skills, the ranger gets bow skills.  Specials can potentially be learned by 2-4 characters but only one of them can actually learn it.  For example the skill ""power metal"" can be learned by either of the guys but not both of the guys.  Limit breaks (yes there are limit breaks) fall into one of these two categories as well.  So there's some careful balancing to make sure your party functions well.Equipment is easy to manage and you will be needing to switch weapons/armor/trinkets from time to time to deal with various types of enemies.  Your mage wont be needing that fire damage staff against fire elementals, for example.  Equipment can be changed during combat at the cost of a turn in case you get caught by something unexpected.  Certain fights you'll be changing gear more then once as different enemies appear.Equipment can all be upgraded through crafting.  Not the sort of annoying crafting where you have to sort through tons of crap and figure out just how much rough stone you need to make enough widgets to make 20 springs.  Basically you open the upgrade menu, things that can be upgraded with your current mats are highlighted, things that can't are not.  It cuts the crap and simply boils it down to the desicion of, is this where you'd like to spend these materials?  Most of the items I was using were maxed by the end of the game with no particular effort to farm or buy materials.  2-3 weapons per char, 1-2 armors, 1-2 helmets, and a whole whack of trinkets.The real meat of the combat boils down to resistances and damage types.  8 types of elemental damage and 8 debuffs, all with their own counterpart resist stat.  Fortunatley you don't have to memorize 16 stats for every enemy type.  When an enemy typs is scanned with your scanbot, you can hover over them to check their stats at any time for the rest of the game.There are also summons, as you'd expect from a final fantasy game, however they are not spammable in this.  You get summoning points for each kill depending on monster strength and use the summoning points to ... summon.One thing that always bothered me about Final fantasy and Chrono Trigger was how end game tended to revolve around spamming your biggest AoE, a lot.  It looked like this game was heading that direction in the mid game, but toward the end that was just not possible.  Mixed immunities ensures you aren't just spamming a single AoE forever.  This game really took all the good out of final fantasy and boiled away a lot of the crap.  8.5/10"
,Recommended,265610,12384063,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Ragnarok,"When you first look at this game you might judge it too quickly and believe that it is not worth it and you will be doing the biggest mistake in your whole life... okay I am exagerating here, but trust me. I have played this game when it only had the flash version and I played most of the previous versions too. It has a fun and cool story, the artwork is pretty cool and the soundtrack is amazing, I get the feels just by listening to the soundtrack while not playing the game at all.Another thing is, you might expect it to be just another simple RPG game, but this game has a complex system with many stats and elements and you might find a great challenge while playing in the EPIC difficult, but you can also just go for the casual or normal difficult.You might find yourself enjoying playing this game much more than many AAA games out there.I would like to thank Matt Roszak, Halcyonic Falcon X and everyone else who helped to make this masterpiece."
76561197981356193,Recommended,265610,13773209,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,fatcoland,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is by far the best parody games I have ever played.  It pokes fun at a lot of classic console RPGs, but the real heat of the game is the way they combined what made so many other games so memorable.The game is a simplistic true turn based RPG on the outside, but stesses a depth of strategy with a wide variety of equipment and monsters that have elemental strengths and weaknesses.  There isn't a single weapon or piece of armor in the game that is optimal for each and every battle (there are some that come close to defying this though).  You strenthen your weapons and armor through a basic crafting system that requires a hunt of scarce materials, but offers an item shop near the end of the game where you can buy the materials you might need at a hefty cash price.  There is even a achievement for poking...  Uh...  Nevermind.  The storyline and plot is pretty flimsy, but on the flip side, there isn't a need to grind to complete the game.I strongly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys console RPGs of the 90s, even if they didn't grow up in the 90s.  There isn't any need to play the earlier iterations of the games to keep up with the jokes."
,Recommended,265610,24985275,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Thalins,"Gameplay:This is a turn-based RPG about beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything that moves and clicking boobs. Nuff said.Music:YES. MOTHER OF GOD, YES. IF NOTHING ELSE, BUY THIS GAME FOR THE OST.Story:It's there, but not really important. It's perfect for how seriously the game takes itself.Other:Why should you buy this game here when you could play it free in-browser? Extra content. It's worth it. And also because you can click boobs in fullscreen. That's always great."
76561198041832614,Recommended,265610,34090300,Posted: 7 August,all,🍀Edward 101™,"Similar to Final Fantasy. Less drama but more comedy.Great character development, including weapon upgrades and skills.Cute animation of protaonists and biting wit from the start.A lot of NPCs working as tooltips if you talk to them, and it is almost not possible to die at the beginning.9/10 Awesome game.+ cards+ achievements+ great comic-art"
76561198030836518,Recommended,265610,9312699,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Celestial Dragonslayer,There is no reason you should ever have for not owning this game. If you don't own it there might be something wrong with you. The series has always been great and Matt is such a great developer. So go and pick this game up. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,265610,9317640,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Larath #Sail,"I love this game, I've loved this series for a long time and was really pleased to see it released on steam so I could finally buy it for ""real"" and support an amazing developer."
,Recommended,265610,27575570,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The_Scriblerian,"This game is very much a product of its time. It condenses all that was irreverent, wonderful, and magical about the internet culture of 2010. EBF4 is impressive in its scope. Its art-design remains fresh & unmistakably original. And, its level of challenge is almost without peer. It's also brimming with memes...ancient memes. References that were stale at its launch, and by now practically paleolithic. However, if you experienced the golden age of ♥♥♥♥♥ first hand, or ever doodled ondrawball.com, or spent endless hours playing every free to play game that used to pop up on Newgrounds front page, than Epic Battle Fantasy 4 will be a perfect time capsule for an internet culture long gone, but warmly remembered. Highly, HIGHLY recommended for most every netizen in their mid-late 20s. For others...less so."
,Recommended,265610,22830873,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Teemo Morgana,"So, you're wondering if this game is worth your time? YES.Worth your money? Yes. definately!In this game, you control Anna, a ranger whom ends up tracking down the team of Epic Battle fantasy 3 on the accusation of them having stolen the gem of her village. You end up going on an epic adventure with them, going through adorable settings all over. The game is beautful with hand drawn settings that have tons of love in them, making every single area feel likable, even if it's not your favorite!You'll be playing with a total of 4 characters, having 1 of them on backup in case your main team falls, and for me that meant that the person on back-up often ended up being forgotten in regards to stat boosting items and equipment upgrades, but that's how i like to play the game. The person in back-up gets XP just like everyone else in battle, as long as they are alive at the end of the battle. Switching someone out with the back-up is smooth and seamless at the single press of the button, and if you regret it you can always switch right back. The battles move at your own pace, as the enemies cannot take their turn until you are done with yours, making the game move however you want it, wether you wanna go fast and spam your strongest move or if you carefully want to plan out the next upcoming turns.The game thrives on it's exploration, the humor and hidden references (which unfortunately had to be partially censored at least by name in order to avoid legal issues as far as i'm aware), but most importantly the music. Oh man, the music is great! It's often high tempo, but it calms down when it needs to, and it does a fantastic job att setting the mood for the current situation, which is really the only thing you'd truly want out of music for an RPG game.The game also features a bit of puzzle solving and NPC quests (most of which are fetching quests where you give them crafting items of different kinds) but if that's not your slice of cake, it's not a problem because the quests are entirely optional as far as i know, and the puzzle solving, while mandatory in some parts, is never so difficult that you feel like you want to take a break because the puzzle is just difficult.Now, there is a free to play version available on the web, both on Matt's own website aswell as several different gaming websites, but there are a couple of differences. Mainly, on the premium versions on the gaming websites as well as the steam edition, you can access an area called Battle mountain, which features tons of bonus equipment, items, skills, summons and more. But most importantly, it features some very heavy challenges, ones that will have even the best of players on the edge of their seats as they lose over and over, slowly making progress towards that sweet goal, giving you a dark souls feeling of success when you finally complete the ordeal! That takes me to the difficulty of this game!Overall, this game isn't particularily hard in many ways. The puzzles aren't extremely complex for the most part, the battles shouldn't give you that much trouble, and there's plenty of oppurtunity to heal yourself in between battles (one of which is just to stand around, as you do have natural regeneration on both MP and HP), but here's the fun part.On the options menu, you can instantly switch between the 4 different difficulties at any point on the world map, and since the battles are all actively triggered along with fleeing being 100% reliable, you can customize the experience according to how you like to play your games!If you want to play through the game having a chill time, you could just cruise through on easy.If you want to play through the game having a TOUGH time, you should play on Epic, which is when the game itself becomes so incredibly difficult at some parts that you might have to end up fleeing a battle, changing your entire equipment loadout and then trying again. However, if you feel that a battle is at any point TOO difficult for you, it's always possible to simply flee and turn the difficulty down.As for equipment, there is a ton of variation in everything from weapons to armor and accessories.Every character has their own type of weapons, and every type of weapon comes in a varied and unique form, ranging from a gun made of marble in the shape of a fist that will smite undead foes and steal health based on how much damage you do to a bow that will inflict random status ailments on each hit to a staff that is a literal incarnation of deaths' scythe, you'll find your favorite to use pretty quickly. However, even if you find the number one weapon you prefer, almost never will weapons feel obselete as enemies come in a ton of different elements and forms, and weapons almost always carry with them a special element, so ultimately, it comes down to deciding wether you want a weapon for its stats or if you want it because of the special effects it triggers. A lot of different equipment trigger special events before your turn starts, such as a random attack triggering before you get to act, or maybe a random positive buff on your character.The armor is divided into two groups, one with male armor and one with female armor, since there's 2 of each in the game. This is nice as upgrading one set of armor could potentially benefit both of the specified users, however i feel this is also a slight drawback as if one armor set is used by one character, the other one has to use a different once, which can lead to trouble sometimes if you are for example looking for specific elemental resistances and you only own 1 armor piece which protects against it, as you'd then have to choose which one would be allowed to equip it.Furthermore, accessories are shared across all your characters, and they come in the form of small badges, and while the effect more often than not isn't extremely impactful, it's nice to get small additional bonuses from time to time.Overall, this game is alot of fun, any fans of RPG games or JRPGs will most likely instantly love this game, and for people that aren't into RPG's yet but are looking for somewhere to start, this would make a great candidate!Rating for this game:Visuals: 9/10Audio: 10/10Gameplay: 8/10 (my only problem is that i wish there was some other way to control the battle menu besides the mouse :C)Final grade: 9/10If this game is on sale, do consider buying it, as it will 100% garanteed (by me) be worth it.Also, you gotta give him some credit, it's a single (not relationship wise) guy doing so much work, by both drawing everything, programming everything and man, you KNOW there's been put some blood, sweat and tears into this game!I love it!"
76561198052438209,Recommended,265610,30907219,Posted: 2 April,all,Mireczek,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4 (EBF4 for short) is the fourth installment of popular jRPG-esque seriesthat originated as web browser games. The series is basically a parody of famous Japanese RPG games (mostly Final Fantasy). If you want some more preview on the older games, I suggest you read my review on previous game, EBF3 (which is also on Steam), if you haven't already.But to keep things short, I'll just give you a small preludium:the series started as free browser games that were made for fun and played to kill some free time, and even EBF4 itself can be played via your browser, but there's also an expanded, paid version (AKA the one I'm reviewing now), and it's not exactly cheap, 11,99 USD. Some professional games cost as much, and thus, the game will be judged like one.So, first, what's the premise?As a rather typical jRPG like game, you can expect the usual: explore the world, find treasures, both hidden and not, talk to stupid NPCs so they can give you their stupid quests, upgrade your skills and fight the enemies ( and there's lot of those).The game worldThe creator approched the matter with a safe and proven method:the world itself is open, but it's filled with various obstacles and road blockers (such as rocks or trees, but also more absurd ones, like floating clouds) that make your road linear at first, but with time you acquire means of bypassing them, one by one. This not only allows you to progress, but also lets you find hidden treasures, enemies, and other content, so you will definitely be coming back to old places through your entire playthrough.As I've said, it's a safe method that was used in countless titles. And it's not a bad thing really. Experimenting is good if you know what you're doing, but if something just works, I see no reason not to use it.The world itself will charm you with its simple graphics (which are still a major improvement over the previous one) and varied environment, as well as subtle themes to be found, such as various references to other media and clever comments spoken by your team members.Overall it may not be masterfully crafted, but it's full of its own unique charm.CombatCombat has always beenTHEcore element of these games, and as such I'm very happy to say it spectacularly failed to disappoint me.Not only it's great on its own, it also improved on everything from the previous games without changing the basis even slightly.Aside from the usual stuff like attacking, healing and using your Limit Breaks, there's 12 different status effect, 10 elements and over 100 unique skills which can be used BY you, or AGAINST you. Add shiploads of unique pieces of equipment and you've got EBF4.That means a vast array of different strategies that you can use to defeat your enemies, and believe me, if you play on Epic (the hardest difficulty), you will want to spend some time thinking about them.Want to debuff your enemies to such point they can barely scratch you? Sure.Want to go full offense and counter your lack of defense by making your enemies unable to move? Guess that will work too.Naturally enemies have their strengths and weaknesses, and there's a whole lot of them (147, to give you the idea), so you will have to use everything at your disposal thorough the game.Overall it's just what a good turn-based jRPG should look like. Give the players freedom in their playstyle and let them experiment. I have absolutely no reason to complain.Story and questsEach game has its pros and cons, and I've already explored the pros.Now, the story was never the main focus of these games, but it still deserves some attention. I can't really say much without spoiling it (as the story is partially revealed thorough the game). I'll just say that if you're enjoying the game itself, then the story will keep you interested, but if the game doesn't turn out to be your type, you won't stay just for the story.The quests are just what they were in the previous game - that is, fetch quests. You are told to get some items, and you either get them from defeating monsters (or buying them from shop), or from some treasure chests, or from other quests. Simple as that. I can't say I expected more, but it certainly would be nice to see a more expanded and developed quest from time to time. Say, a bunch or chain of quests that all give you key items that together allow you to challenge some hidden boss or whatever.FinaleThe game is moderately long, with plenty of additional content (most notably a fully optional location featuring lots of optional bosses and extremely long and challenging enemy waves, full of unique treasure), and fun gameplay will make sure you will play more than one time.If you're an old-school fan of the jRPG genre (I'm not, personally), it's a must have.If you're new to jRPGs or RPGs in general, you should at least give this game a try. If you're not sure about spending money on it, go ahead and try the browser version (or previous games whatsoever). If you happen to enjoy them, then definitely buy it, as it's only better than all that came before.I give it a solid 9/10"
,Recommended,265610,19775410,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Limit66,"I've been playing EBF from the first game, and glad it has evolved until Bullet Heaven 2. Will there be a fifth game? Or will it not? I don't care. I love the way it is now."
76561198125728708,Recommended,265610,25806381,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[eωe] Blue_Wasd,"I've been playing this game since it was a Flash Game, and it always make me come back for more.It has an excelent jrpg gameplay with easy to understand menus, a great artstyle, cool designs, a unique and ironic sense of humor and omg the soundtrack.As I said, I used to play EBF4 on Kongregate, but as soon as I knew that there was a Steam version with some new features I immediately decided to buy it as soon as possible.And I enjoyed it once again, but this time even more.This is a game that changed my life, honestly; it made me look at games and art in general from a different perspective. But maybe that's just me.Anyways, excellent game, I'm looking forward for EBF5. ;3"
,Recommended,265610,32053256,Posted: 29 May,all,Luciole,- Great Soundtrack- Silly charactersSword fanaticBig breasted mageGun lunaticArcher loli- Simple but deep combat- Surprisingly high level of quality for a *flash game*- Available for free if you dont feel like spending 13CDNhttp://www.kongregate.com/games/kupo707/epic-battle-fantasy-4?acomplete=epic(The steam version has extra contents and goodies in it!)I had more fun playing this than FF6 10/10
76561198144377807,Recommended,265610,23185054,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Plantszaza,-Graphic 9/10-Story 8/10-Gameplay 8/10-Music 11/10-Epicness 9001/10
,Recommended,265610,10657602,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Caramel Frappe,"The art style is really neat, while the game knows how to have fun with itself.Must say, the achievements here are addicting to obtain while the RPG style is pitch perfect.Really love the story too, with comedy and action to boot. You will not get bored with this game."
,Recommended,265610,33866416,Posted: 28 July,all,Drake,"Awesome game, finally I finished the first run!+ Bizarre dialogs and funny characters+ Lot of different enemies, equipment and spells+ Pleasant music+ Many secrets and achievements, some are not trivial- Is a flash-based game and the resolution is limitedI am looking forward to play Epic Battle Fantasy 5!"
,Recommended,265610,30145925,Posted: 24 February,all,seaga,It's a pretty good RPG and I've been waiting for over 3 years on epic battle fantasy 5
76561198042512462,Recommended,265610,24297204,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Combat,I need more! Holy shoot this game was good!
76561198155812323,Recommended,265610,34518101,Posted: 26 August,all,Beef Sandvvich,"Your standard Turn-based battle RPG, but with VERY high quality graghics, very family freindly jokes and a story that a 100 year old monk could not have come up with"
76561198049772342,Recommended,265610,9291449,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,starkiller1968,"If anyone says not to get this because you can get it for free on kongregate do me a favour and kick them in the face for me.this is worth every  *insert currency here*you will not regret picking this up(it comes with a new high rez finish, all of the premium content, that stuff steam wants every game to have AS WELL AS the complete 26 song soundtrack)"
76561198038058805,Recommended,265610,9301319,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ChibiMik3,"Turn-based RPG created by Matt Roszak and his first game that is not binded to a browser.Full of different equipment that have varying properties to help you deal with the enemies.You will meet insanely hard bosses with attacks that may destroy your whole party if you're not prepared.And of course your party has tons of epic skills and limit breaks (which are awesome :D) that may help you on your adventure.Game is full of secrets and epic references to popular games, music and media and it has an awesome soundtrack made by HalcyonicFalconX.Story is told with humour and it makes you laugh even in grim situations.The world is pretty large so a lot of roaming is included altough you need to access a lot of quest items to roam free. In the end, game progresses in a linear fashion trough all different zones excluding some secret places and the Battle Mountain area.Also, this game has achievements. A lot of them. And they vary from starting the game to killing insane bosses on epic difficulty.Buy the game and support the developer. It is worth it."
,Recommended,265610,9279735,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Paddy,"I've played EBF since the first game, and it's always been one of my favourite RPGs.The game has a nice aesthetic, a classic tried and true battle system, lots of room for strategy.The characters are likable, if a bit cliche'd. The dialogue is not the best, but it is very light hearted and not intended for the overly serious.The game it'self has a large amount of content, which will keep you occupied for hours upon hours. The story alone is 10+ hours, which is double what most ""real"" games have thse days. And that 10 hours is a lower esitimate, only if you are fast and don't go gear hunting etc.You may see people complain that someone is daring to charge for a game you can play for free on New-grounds, Kongregate and Armour games.A couple of points against these naysayers.Firstly, you are paying to support a developer who already has this game and 3 others out for free (and others of differing genres, like bullet hell?) Don't wanna pay? you can play it for free, so how is that even a relevent complaint.By paying for this game, you gain access to extra content, an awesome soundtrack (that I hear costs $12 by it's lonesome), which can be found in the install folder. And you support a developer who has devoted years of his life to creating such content to give to the world for free, think of it as a donation.GFX 8/10 - The overworld spriates are lacking, but have a certain charm to them. The in battle sprites are full of life and charm.Music 10/10 - halcyonicfalconx never fails to deliver.http://halcyonicfalconx.newgrounds.com/Gameplay 8/10 - A good old classic turn based RPG strategy battle game. Nothing groundbreaking, but don't fix what isn't broke amiright?Replayablity 8/10 - Lot's of content, newgame+, battlemountain challenges, medals, achievments.Overall Rating 8.5/10 - Well worth playing, even if you arn't willing to buy it, go play it for free on Kongregate or New-grounds"
76561198052583733,Recommended,265610,9921800,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,emailperson42,Shot a nuke at a small bush. 10/10
,Recommended,265610,9282563,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ℒyℭℴℜiȿ~lychi-senpai,"Just to get this out of the way, it is my opinion first of all and i have already played this game on Epic at kongergate,so my play hours wont be as high on steam. I played the older veriosn first and other minigames made by the same person (group now i think) and enjoyed them in my younger years.younger being important because you would find many things fun. i was hyped for this game and i am  overwhelmed with it, it deliveredMeow,Meow, MEEEOOWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I mean come one  >:O Epic battle fantasy 4 on steam .This is where it belongs >:OOOOOO. Its a flash game but allllllllll that effort put into it is amazing .The art ,music everything and it all works. the combat may be turn based but once you have the swing of things  :D Its not a short game too which is awesome and with all that loot out there youre gonnna have a goood time. I played this on Kong yes the *free version*  ( DONT BUY IT ON STEAM ;=; this man is ripping you off)  yeah right >.>  only people who dont read say that ;ppppp so dont let that stop you from buying this epic game. Cause you have to buy that extra stuff online for more  so why are people saying this is a riff of if its a bit cheaper here >.> even if its the same price its still better on steam and why not support this dev , I mean look at the quality of the game and all the effort put in from this small team maybe even just the dev himslef has done plus no adds, no need to go on  armour games or anything like that . Its just epic battle fantasy and you till ya bored,which will take a very long time) . Another thing i like is how the dev uses fanartand even got one  of his enemies from the fanbase. How cool is that.Story 8/10 (yes there is a story)= Cats plotting to take over the world!!?? Now thats new.(wierd but it works alright,might need to understand ebf and is preious games to understand some jokes but it does eplain briefly)Gameplay 10/10= its rurn based combat and it works like silk, you move around a the map from birdseye,play the free version because this can be an issue for some people.Music 10/10= is Ammazing and everyplace has its own theme and combat mode themes adding atmosphereFun 9/10=depending on your difficulty, i play epic so there are some boss battles and even access to new areas when you just give up but do return.Ramping up the difficulty does provide and *Epic* challenge and it might seem undoable but with the skills and items you have Victory is always possible and for anyone whos into these types of games you will spend hours on this game.The homour is great among our characters who all have their own traits and since they are silent you can voice them in your own way.(Which can be extremely entertaining)The free version itself is amazing anyway and thats all it took for me to throw my money at my screen when this came out. If you dont like this kind of rpg turn base stuff then maybe the anime refereneces will keep you going >.< if that does not maybe try the free version online and if you like it a lot  buy it and get all the extras here and share it with ya friends :DDD.im to excited for the future of Epic Battle Fantasy series as a whole."
76561198029152484,Recommended,265610,9267312,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,WhiteKitsu,"Epic battle fantasy 4 is one of those games you have to play! It's a turn-based RPG, That has a viraity of Characters, Weapons and Skills each Character has is Unqine. The Dialog in this is very enjoyable, the story is very great and the Bosses? Awesome!You can upgrade each and every armor piece with all the different items from killing monsters and opening chests!If you don't know what this game plays like. Play the one on Newgrounds or anywhere you find it.One thing I don't recommed is Starting the game on Epic diffculty like I did! but if you want a challage, then go for it!The Music by far one of the best things about this game in my book and Graphics? looks better than most game for it's 2D anime-like Spites (I think there hand-drawn....I don't know).I recommed this game to RPG fans anywhere and peoples whove never play an RPG."
,Recommended,265610,21883201,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Jesonomi,"The Steam trailer is kind of awful. Anyway…Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is a turn-based RPG. This was not my entry into the series, I played this and its three predecessors over at Kongregate. Yes, that’s right, I played this Flash game for free on Kongregate. And beat it. Several separate times. And when it came out on Steam, I bought it, and beat again. Yeah, you can play a slightly less content version of this game for free if you want. But stay with me for a little longer as we get into this recommendation.I’m not going to deny the game is a little immature. I mean, “anime boobs” is right there on the Steam page. But I will say it’s not that horrible. The fan service isn’t really overbearing, nor is it even all that present. A comparison would be, if you watch anime that includes fan service, then this game has less. If you think most/all anime is horrible and incredibly juvenile, then you should probably pass on this game. Just putting that out there.The game is lighthearted and doesn’t take itself seriously. NoLegs the cat has no legs (all the cats have no legs, actually), Matt is a big sword fan (in both meanings), etc.  Character dialogue (no voice acting) is humorous in a cheesy, silly way.Look, I bought this because I enjoyed the series, and wanted to support the developer. I do recommend getting this game on a sale. You want a demo? You don't want to buy it? Look it up online. Play it. You’ll miss out on a little bit of extra stuff. Whatever, I can’t stop you. Steam version does come with free soundtrack download though, and the soundtrack is pretty nice."
76561198060900898,Recommended,265610,26679063,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Edmunda The Sexy,"Started by playing it on kongregate, decided to buy it so i could play it through actually with saves. I have to say that it's great fun to play, light hearted and colourful. If you want to take a game seriously, then it's not for you, but if you want plenty of jokes, fairly simple combat, and a whole load of achievements to grind out, then it's for you."
76561198064019899,Recommended,265610,21890064,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MrMustache,"A very cute and quirky turn-based JRPG. If you only have a laptop that's a few years old (like I do) you may need to turn down the settings a bit as there's a bit of lag. If you have a good computer, though, max it up. So, here's what you need to know about the game before you buy:1. It's a turn-based JRPG. Think Final Fantasy up to FFX and you'll get a good idea about what you're getting into.2. There is a story, though it's usually behind a lot of humor, including a bit of meta humor. If you want a game where there is a story, but with a lighthearted tone (for the most part), this should be good.3. Depending on how you play the game can be preeetty lengthy. It depends on whether you want to grind just enough to beat the bosses or grind A LOT and look around for any treasure.4. Lots of skills to learn and equipment to find, and all of them can change your appearance. It's a good way to mix and match the characters you get in terms of the roles you want them to have in combat.12 dollars is an alright price for what you get here (though it'd probably be smart to wait for a sale). If you're really stringy about if you want this game, though, you can play the first three EBF games (as well as a slightly stripped version of this one) for free on most flash game websites."
,Recommended,265610,27020264,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) Autonomy,"Best use of farm animals - Steam Awards Nomination 2016To start, this game is simply amazing.The characters have their own personality (which is rare for a lot of RPG's), the enemies are stupid in a hilarious way, the bosses are random in a stupid ways.It's just beautiful.The story of the game, if what is above isn't enough to convince you of it's amazingness, is the godcat, the creator of the world, is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the cats for becoming slaves to the humans, so godcat took away their limbs. Now, an unknown period of time later, godcat has returned and is going to destroy the world unless you stop it.Other than the game being hilarious, it also has an amazing combat system that's relatively simple and easy to understand if you just try.Each enemy has it's own weaknesses (or er.. not), and each boss is unique. Each time you replay the game, you find another achievement or easter egg that just makes you fall in love with the game all over again.If all of this isn't enough, listen to the game's soundtrack. Simply beautiful. The artist, Phyrnna, even has her own fandom (whether she knows it or not).Matt & Phyrnna, well done.I truly respect what both of you have done, and am eagerly awaiting EBF5."
76561198201544458,Recommended,265610,25295088,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ghostyTrickster,Where to start. Well. This game has taken over a few months of my life (As my play time states) But this is for good reason. This game was astounding. The whole way though. The graphics are amazing. The bosses are creative. The dialouge is funny. The only real problem I have with the game is the battle system. Sometimes. It gets boreing and repepitive. But the great designs and the great dialouge kept me laughing the whole way through. I highly reccomend this to anyone who is a fan of the genre
76561198066447350,Recommended,265610,34163485,Posted: 11 August,all,Zemium,"If you are a fan of  turn-based games, you should definetly consinder buying this game. Plus there is gonna be a fifth game as well. You can try the demo on Kupos website."
76561198065209195,Recommended,265610,9345618,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,leachamarie2,"I am so in love with this game! A throwback to the good ol days of RPGs, turn based, sarcastic humor......highly recommend =)"
,Recommended,265610,9379921,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Dirtbag,"Even if you've played the flash version and have mastered it, it's still worth it getting the game because there's plenty more to it. The game is simple. It takes on classic turn-based battles inspired by RPGs. They've pretty much nailed it. The artwork is great, the music is fantastic, the gameplay can get repetitive at times (But what can you expect from turn-based games, right?) The game is fun, and it's worth playing as the story is, surprisingly better than I've expected when I've first played this game on kong. The references and humor in this game balance out the overall seriousness that an RPG usually gets. The puzzles, not the best. Some can be too easy, and some can be just plain annoying. However, with all the new additions, the game didn't keep old. It's worth the money if you've played the game or not."
,Recommended,265610,19340532,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Yokazuna Ed,"I'll be honest, after I bought this game I had a sinking feeling it'd be kind of a forgetable RPG, but as you can see by my hours it actually turned out to be pretty damn decent.Weapons and armors are straight forward but have a lot of different combos you can use and switch out withHumor is goodCombat is the usual you hit me I hit you and the visuals and utilities of the moves are actually something you'll itch to upgrade when you get the exp or points for.Only irk I'd say is that if you're looking for an RPG with different things you can do asides wander around and kill things look elsewhere, this is basically a very well done flash  game that just does wandering, buy/trade/talk, kill and made me put it down now and then, but I always picked it back up for the great music, boss fights, and combat."
,Recommended,265610,19040069,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Blazebeak🔥,It's a pretty good turn-based game. A bit to many meme jokes in it but still fun and has a great soundtrack. Pick it up when it's on sale.
,Recommended,265610,9745686,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,ダスGiV,11/10 would buy sequel
76561198025024931,Recommended,265610,12396875,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,t.muraro,"Fun, funny and very worth playing.  The music is awesome too."
76561198045515862,Recommended,265610,12450371,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,BlazingHeartz,"i've been a fan of the EBF series since the very first, and this game, differs from the natural trend of ""the sequals are never as good as the first"" these games just get better and better.i absolutely love EBF4, the introduction of the new character, Anna, and all the witty comments and banter between the characters (especialy lance and Matt) is an absolute delight. i played the free version of the game, which in no way compares to the exclusive content on the payed version. Battle mountain poses a challenge at any level, makeing the player use elemental weaknesses and strengths to their advantage without even knowing what they will have to use.the art style is quirky (in a word) but still really good, the particle effects of the skills are something else completely, in a good way of course.all in all. i love this game (not to mention the creator and the artist) i'd reccomend it to anyone wanting to have some nostalgia in the turnbased combat system, as well as all the references to boot in the game.10/10 complete must buy, deffinately worth the moneys."
76561198130594589,Recommended,265610,31595191,Posted: 6 May,all,BackupLLama,Awesome game
,Recommended,265610,11555325,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Sukotto,"Played a lot of Matt's games on newgrounds, always does fantastic work. Very familiar game for anyone that has played final fantasy games and the like. 10/10 will play for way too many hours <3"
76561198116297653,Recommended,265610,25891093,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,BearWulf,"oh my i finished the game and i loved every second of itpros-great rpg; includes ALOT of aspects of rpg, making this the perfect turn based rpg-great time waster; just sit around while watching a movie and also enjoying this amazing game-rlly funny humor:from 4th wall breaking to nyan cats,natzis and boob touching this game is very random-cute satisfing story-so much awesome art!! i love it allllcons-undeveloped charecters with no motives and with no ups and down in there lifes,but i think its only adds to the charm :D-insanly long battels (that why u shuld multitask with this game)-hard and long :3 , lol but srsly this game can take up some time to complete-new game+ mode out of no where??? lol it was kind out of nowhere in the end XDoverall great game! if u adore turn base rpgand want to support some rlly insanly talented teamjust buy it!!i give it 8.5\10-for turn base rpg i couldnt ask for a better-"
76561198013422615,Recommended,265610,12408214,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Drackose,"This is easily one of the best RPG's I've ever played. It has an amazing combat system and soundtrack, along with weapons, armor, and spells that do not disappoint. There are many rewarding secrets to find, bosses to kill, and quests to complete. You can customize each character (to an extent) to have certain spells and strengths that suit your play style. The story is a little bit on the plain side, but the characters dialogue and comments in battle kept me laughing and smiling all the way to the final boss. :3"
76561198010773552,Recommended,265610,9260651,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Nagisa,If your a Fan of Old School Rpgs Such asSeiken Detsu 3Final FantasySword Of ManaBreath Of FireZeldaThen this great game is for you :D it has the Old school style RPG along with a great sence of hummer through out the game with Chibi Chars. its an all round funny great game :D
76561198343631211,Recommended,265610,32774282,Posted: 25 June,all,hurricaneslayer,"I give this game a 8/10 because its a great game with a great soundtrack and a great plot but with one MAJOR issue every so often when I get on all my progress would have been deleted , sometimes its not all of it sometimes all i have is the auto save file sometimes I only have file #1 its very random and i feel like its just trying to @#*$ with my head besides for that i love every aspesct tho(lol)"
,Recommended,265610,32899964,Posted: 27 June,all,[Jaguar] ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Love this game, is really epic"
,Recommended,265610,9342476,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Ruby,If you've played the first three online and loved them (EBF3 Especially) Then I HIGHLY recommend this game. It was a definite suprise when I saw it on steam and now I can play it whenever I want. Worth the buy.
,Recommended,265610,10228560,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Raven,"Love dem classic RPG's eh? Combined with fantasy, turn-based strategy, cute slimes, godcats, decent humour, weapons and armor and what do you get? Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is one of the best adventure fantasy games I've ever played. Explore many different areas and worlds as well as exploring the different array of weapons and armor. Defeat monsters including slimes to killer robots. And of course, Natalie still has her bewbs :3. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys this. :D"
,Recommended,265610,11283454,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Thainna,"RPG and humor, what more could you ask for!  Love the map, music, various items to collect (love to hoard)... just love it!"
,Recommended,265610,11878105,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Corr 天,"Epic Battle Fantasy as a series is, in my opinion, the one of (if not) the best indie RPGs that I've played in... quite possibly ever.The game is well done and there are countless different ways to build your characters early on, though this drops off a bit due to being able to get everything later (bar a few spells/abilities that are 1-person only). The combat system, while basic, works great with very little errors outside ones made by the player.The maps are also well designed and often have more secrets in them than meets the eye, in many cases either requiring a return trip or waiting for something to flash upon the screen (though block puzzles, in my eyes, are unforgivable!).The 'many ways to build a character' is even more evident because of the inclusion of the 4th character (fitting that you get the 4th member in the 4th game), meaning that someone is back in the sidelines ready for action should you need to swap one of your (three) party members out.Cleverness and hilarity is also abundant in EBF with countless (sometimes censored due to copyright) references and/or memes.As I write the review, I have not actually gotten to any of the 'Premium' (Read: Pay for) part of the game, as I'm doing an Epic difficulty playthrough and have not started the Battle Mountain or Survival battles.If you're looking to try the game, go to some place like Kongregate and play it there to see if it's to your liking.If you're looking to get the game (and support the amazing developer), buy it.Don't anger the cats by the way; they tend to bring about the apocalypse in the form of elder gods when you do so.November 2015 Edit: Still amazing, though I forgot to mention (long ago in the original review) that this takes an obscene amount of comp usage for no real reason, so don't be surprised with large amounts of slowdown!"
,Recommended,265610,11311899,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Tempo,A simple fun game with one of the best rpg battle systems out there.  Don't expect much of a story.  Just solid basic rpg-ness.
,Recommended,265610,10421285,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Roxan Siretta,"Funny as hell if you like silly anime-like RPGs with a good bunch off spells, weapons and other equipments that you can upgrade to become EPIC ^w^"
,Recommended,265610,9580055,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Aether4you,"Game with a cool and simple RPG mechanic.Meow/10, would cat again."
,Recommended,265610,9487356,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,DesTeco,"I'm so happy i bought this game!this is so fun and you can play it non-stop :)everyone should buy it, the price worth it."
,Recommended,265610,9331220,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Cylicon,"This game is so ridiculously adorable, it's sickening. Classic rpg mechanics, chicken molestation, don't need anything else, but there's additional stuff, so that's a plus."
,Recommended,265610,9299023,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Private Prinny,The game was all I ever expect. Been a fan of this series ever since the beginning and this game did not disappoint.
,Recommended,265610,21995034,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Roxy Yoshi,"This RPG is really worth something. Despite being worth some savings here on Steam, it really does have detailed graphics, amazing story, and very hilarious dialogue. There's so much you can do as well. You can start quick & fresh, you can change the difficulty at any time, you can even restart the story with all your stats saved when you first finish the game, and last, but not least, battle dark versions of your entire team & every single enemy to re-battle within the entire game. This RPG is really fun & really worth alot.I highly recommend it. :)"
76561198083594733,Recommended,265610,10816397,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,hypermyte,Amazing rpg game. Worth the price at full and a steal durring the summer sale. GET IT NOW
76561198056077394,Recommended,265610,10740635,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tank™,"Love it, love everything about it!  Buy it now!"
76561198110686590,Recommended,265610,10779395,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Panda Panda,A really fun and simple game to play when you just want to relax and enjoy a good laugh with the humor
76561197970242268,Recommended,265610,10020925,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Tobrendi,"I first played this game on Kongregate and loved it there. There's even more stuff in this version. I wasn't able to getting it working, and it's still a little wonky on my computer, but Kupo Games really helped solve the problem (which doesn't even appear to effect most players). I recommend it.Update: eh, trying to play with this technical problem is too frustrating. I still recommend it, and Kupo Games offered a refund to anyone with the same problem, so there isn't really a risk."
76561198086458681,Recommended,265610,11059863,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ZxPlatinum,Can't think of another RPG that gives you achievements for stealing panties and poking boobs. Worth it for the the lols and references
,Recommended,265610,9300883,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,[PriPara] Blushing Boo-pri,"If you like silly humored RPG combat like in the F2P game adventure quest (not AQW, i mean the old game), but with more characters and less frustration, then this game definitely is for you."
76561198003304972,Recommended,265610,21139096,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,archzealon54,"Old school RPG fun, The music is awesome, the story is great, the characters actaully have character! The mechanics are great!"
76561198068189672,Recommended,265610,9738001,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,DracoPaladin,"Probably one of the highest value games I've seen, especially an indie RPG. Funny, challenging, and beutiful in art and sound, I love this game 11/10"
,Recommended,265610,9812937,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,CLOAKA,10/10.  Best turn based game ever! <3
,Recommended,265610,20170194,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Broseph Stalin,"Jeux juste trop Awesome !!! J'ai fini le jeux avec la version gratuite sur internet, je l'ai ensuite acheté sur steam et je l'ai fini 2 fois. Le jeux à :- Une belle histoire- Des personnages avec des caractères qui leur sont propre- Une tonne d'équipemement qui donne la possibilité de s'adapté au type d'ennemies- Des tonne d'ennemies différent qui vous obligeront à utilisé des sorts élémentals- Même si vous n'avez pas joué au précédent, l'histoire reste compréhensible- On peux aggressé des animaux et on peux avoir des succes steam avec- Et si vous n'êtes toujours pas convaincu avec le dernier point, il y a du Bacon"
,Recommended,265610,9632657,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,DarkShadowJ: Carnage Prinny God,"The Epic Battle Fantasy Series have had a touch of brilliance to them and have come a long way from their first installment in 2009.I thought the third one was brilliant and would be very hard to top, but looking at the fouth and playing it through I admit, I'm amazed at how far the game has come. The story was brilliant and had more key elements than the third. The music was as brilliant as before, if not better and as a bonus the audio files come included with the game.The characters still had their uniqueness and the battles were what I had expected of this game.Overall, I really liked the part about the cats."
76561197991391480,Recommended,265610,10710806,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,wyldrose,"Don't let its Flash game origins fool you, EBF4 is a polished product with lots of features even the big boys can't be bothered with. The fights are tough, but you can see them coming, the healing is generous, and you can save anytime you're not in battle. There's also auto-mapping, tool tips for status effects, and tons of achievements to earn. Oh, and lots and lots of silly humor."
,Recommended,265610,9581681,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Stevee | pvpro.com,"Need more character improvement, including more skill and weapon. I will give it 4/10 at best :| . - Lance0/10 for unoriginality -_- . -MattI hope there is a love story, even better than Twilight :3 -NatalieYay! i'm the main character, at least at the beginning ^_^. -AnnaAt a serious note, this game is one of the best RPG game ever, even better than Final Fantasy 7. 80% of this game made by the developer himself. 20% is for soundtrack made by the developer's friend. It's amazing that this game made by only 2 people (and with some fan inspiration). But this game is better than most video games nowaday that made by big video game company. For those who are still confused about this game, check the free version on flash game portal, then decide it.WOOF! **oops** MEOW! -Me12/10 - IGN"
,Recommended,265610,22095345,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Foxy-Sierra,I've beaten this game a number of times and I can't get enough ~<3 Bring it on God Cat! BRING IT ON :U
,Recommended,265610,23183214,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BOOM! Nutshot,"Fun game, brings me back to the old games I played when I was a kid like Final Fantasy 1 and 2 and yes I know its not exactly the same or as detailed or as long but it did remind me of it. Like the comedy edge it has to it and the cats, except when you had to kill them, I like cats ;-;"
76561198053203136,Recommended,265610,22774812,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Mighty Mic,"Back in the days of Newground-gaming, the Epic Battle Fantasy series brought much joy to my young, naïve heart. And thus, when I saw thew fourth-installment here on Steam-Sale, I just had to buy it.As soon as I entered the game I felt the memories of the previous EBF game rising up in me, and after I entered the first battle, all the memories of the first and second came rushing through my head as well.The bad jokes are so bad, they are good again; The references to other games; Matt's endless stomach; Natalie's breasts; NoLeg, the cat with NoLeg (...and no arm for that matter); Natalie's breasts; Lance's Nazi-ing; Tons and tons of equipment as powerful as they are ridiculous; Out of the box thinking; Natalie's breasts; And many, many more eye-candy, for the nostalgic Newgrounds-veterans and rookies both!12/10 Kyun!"
,Recommended,265610,9299154,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,KEBAB REMOVAL UNIT,"great game with a lot of funny moments,  this would be worth $20, let alone $12. no reason why you should not buy this."
,Recommended,265610,12117381,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Misfiring,"If you like the first three Final Fantasy games, you'll like this. It is originally a Flash game, but evolved to become what I think a great classic. It's combat in particular is what I think a high point in the game, the graphics and especially those auto cast skills that appear at random to bombard your enemies will always make you smile. You can have a hat that randomly calls in a tank to blast an enemy with its cannon, or a shirt that calls another tank to rain down machine gun fire to enemies. There's even an attachment that randomly calls a cat to charge at enemies, or radio in airdrop to give a medpack to someone, or cast some random element skills like poison gas, or even an airstrike that drops random stuffs, like a nuclear bomb.Of course, many boss units have some OP skills as well, like an orbital particle cannon, or some insane defensive skill that switch profile whenever hit by a skill. It is much more variable and over the top than the early FF games, yet maintains the same light heart atmosphere. Your characters will even chatter whenever something interesting or over the top happens. What's more, nobody will disapprove of the ability to summon a blackhole that can suck everyone, good or bad, in.Light hearted RPG doesn't get much better than this. If you like this type of game, this is a must have."
,Recommended,265610,29575940,Posted: 29 January,all,Power the great,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4.As with all the EBF games, this game is brilliant.The style, the setting, the gameplay, the music, everything is great.Play it.Seriously, play it."
,Recommended,265610,25266315,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Gab,"Game is just hilarious! Dialogue writer is a ♥♥♥♥ing legend! Never hoped to get this much joy out of indie game. Besides dialogues there are a lot of refferences to other games, rpgs, anime, etc. Great game to play chilled manner to feel urself happier.Some jokes:Before making finishing blow -Matt: I used my fapping arm for that attack!Conversation -Anna: Hey Natalie: I’ve been meaning to ask you something for a while… but it’s kind of personal. Maybe.Natz: Uh, what is it...?Anna: Do your huge breasts cushion the impact of enemy attacks, or are they just for show?!Natz: W-WHAT?!?! Um, not really… and it’s not like I have a choice. That’s just the way they are.Anna: Well, what do you eat to get them so big then? Hamburgers?! Chocolate?!Natz: I don’t think it’s that simple…Lance: I think we should test these theories. You know… For Science! I’ll watch and take photos- er, notes.Natz: Listen Anna: we don’t bring attention to my breasts. Ever. It makes the guys act more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than usual, and that’s not good. Got it?Anna: Fiiiine. (I was gonna ask to touch them, but I guess I won’t now…)On ugly ork girl -Watch out! It's a feminist!Gameplay - 10/10Story - 9/10Visuals - 8/10Audio - 9/10UI - 9/10Overall - 9/10"
,Recommended,265610,19003247,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Lizard Robot,"This series has long been a staple of flash gaming, and with good reason. It's a totally solid JRPG-style game. It's easy and intuitive to play, well-written, and a great way to waste five minutes or five hours. It plays equally well in short bursts as it does long sessions.About the only criticisms that can be made are that the game can be a bit anime-fanboy-crude, with emphasis on fan service with breasts and scantily-clad females, but the actual characterizations of the female characters are well-done, so if you can look past the lewdness, it's really not bad in that regard. The other thing is some battles can get a bit long and repetitive. Most of the time, combat can be over quickly if you're paying attention to your elemental damage, but then sometimes you'll be up against an enemy that has a ton of health, and while the enemy doesn't pose a huge threat to you, it takes a long time to kill. Still, a few battles turning into a bit of a slog isn't that big an issue, either.Overall, it's funny and well-written and the gameplay is just an absolute charm. There are a lot of elements between the equips and elements and consumables and upgrading of items, but none of these elements are overly complex to the point where thye become annoying. It's easy to find almost any piece of information you want, and the gane doesn't penalize you too heavily for forgetting to attend to any of the ongoing tasks.A solid installment in a solid series, heartily recommended to anyone who enjoys RPGs, anime style, humor, or casual gaming experiences. Not that the game is overly casual, but it's so easy to learn, it's a great gateway into RPGs for the casual gamer."
,Recommended,265610,13111835,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Robb216,"Cute, fun, and epic. Easy to learn the ropes, yet still provides a worthy challenge for the daring. I love it!"
76561198018929322,Recommended,265610,9265134,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,RareRush,"I absolutely enjoy this game. I honestly find it to be one of my favorite Turn-based rpgs out there.It has alot of heart, the gameplay is really fun, and the difficulty is there. Not to mention the surprising amount of depth to the combat as you progress further into the game. The Steam and Kongregate Premium versions have a pretty nifty sum of extras for the more devoted fans of the game to unlock as well. Plus, you get the soundtrack as an added bonus if you buy it here. Which really helps add to the value of the game.If you are like me, then you will get a good 20+ hours out of this game, and that was before I got the premium edition. And with the new NG+ feature, New Battle Area, Survival and Boss Rush modes, and the new equipment and Skills to check out, there is no doubt in my mind that it will leech even more time from me."
76561198062705943,Recommended,265610,9262518,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Zero,"A bit about Epic Battle Fantasy 4:- turn based RPG with max. 4 Characters (3active fighting + 1backup)-no grinding for equipment just some for upgrading them-Supports mouse and keyboard controlls (you will need a mouse no matter what)-Good music-Epic Battle against foes and bosses-inclueds premium content + Soundtrack-lots of humor-newgame+You can test the gameplay on sites like Armorgames, Kongregate ...But please bear in mind that the Steam version has:-improved graphics and sounds-cloud saving-fullscreen resolutions-just the basic gameplay is identicalTo those who think: "" why buying this game on steam when you can play it for free in the internet/ is cheaper if you just buy it from Kongregate""A simple calculation: Premium Pack on Kongregate( cost about 8$) +Digital Soundtrack ( cost 12$) =20$cost on Steam Premium Pack + Digital Soundtrack = 11.99$!!!"
,Recommended,265610,14187028,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,THE EMERALD SPLASH,"I enjoy RPGs the most out of any game, so of course I like this game.The humor is good too..."
76561198075836667,Recommended,265610,24185715,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rayram Aurean Blue,"The Epic Battle Fantasy series started out as just a bunch of flash game you could play on Newgrounds and Kongregate back in the day (and you still can). For the longest time, they had stayed in the top rated flash games for both of those sites, and for good reason. This series is pretty obviously inspired by them, and if you're a fan of turn based strategic combat in RPGs similar to old school Final Fantasy, you'll love this game.If you're on the fence on whether or not you want to buy this, you can simply go on Kongregate or Newgrounds right now and play the free version. Now you may be wondering, ""If I can play this game for free, why should I buy the Steam version?"" Well other than supporting a series made by a developer who doesboththe coding and the artwork, with a quality soundtrack by Phyrrna (aka HalcyonicFalconX) that comes for free upon purchasing it, the Steam version comes with additional content, including a new area with tougher challenges that yields extra equipment to help you out on your main journey, not to mention being able to keep your save files on the Steam cloud. I also recommend Epic Battle Fantasy 3, which is now on Steam, and is completely free.Now this game does have some intermittent performance issues when it comes to frame rate, but you can toggle the quality to deal with it, and other than that, I believe this is well worth the money. I usually wait for games to be on sale, but I bought this game as soon as it was available on Steam, and I don't regret it one bit."
76561198140056203,Recommended,265610,21879442,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Jack B Nymble,"EBF is a series of flash games originally released for free on sites like Kongregate. They are surprisingly addictive once you start playing them. The art is fun to look at, the dialog is cute, and the final boss fights are EPIC BATTLES. Glad to see EBF4 on Steam. Would like to see the rest on here eventually.Recommended."
,Recommended,265610,26806549,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dreizehnX,"I thought this game looks like some fun.Damn. ...it is not ""a bit fun"". This is one of the most funny 'old school rpgs' I have ever played. The gameplay is just as you expect it, the story is a lot of fun, the jokes and puns are godlike. Also this is a great game for cat lovers.You like black humour or some classic movies or games? Try this game! Some people hesitate because it is 'just a flashgame' but it is totally worth it. When I did not play the game I still had it running because of the awesome soundtrack."
,Recommended,265610,27329353,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nutochi,EBF 5 is right around the corner! Pick this one up and be up to date with this amazing series!
76561198022067307,Recommended,265610,26777905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jerry,"This game is an awesome RPG-Has awesome music-Fourth wall breaking-Silly humor-Attack animations that actually make you feel the strength of the blow-Nice, cartoonish style-Silly plot"
,Recommended,265610,28000370,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zacharias,"Totally amazing. I'm a big fan of RPGs, adventure games and explorer type such; but being the completionist I am, this one takes the prize. Well designed graphics, well designed game mechanics proving challenge without a need to drop a drop of sweat. If you're looking for a chill, time consuming game; with the RPG/adventure aspect to it, you've came just to the right place."
,Recommended,265610,27000821,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nelly,"This is the best RPG I have ever played. The equipment options allow for many different play styles, and there is no need to grind. The man who make these games is a saint, and everything he makes is fantasitic. Quit reading this review asn go play this game."
76561198104806205,Recommended,265610,10710034,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gregbrich,"All the best features of old-school rpg's, plus you can drop a bantha on your enemies. Highly recommended. This game makes me wish the EBF 1 through 3 were on steam as well."
,Recommended,265610,11338193,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,blakzer,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is an incredibly fun adventure roughly based off of games such as the early Final Fantasy games. As its title implies, there are also three entries before it... there are also two spin-offs. EBF4 has a flash version that's free to play, but you will have to pay for the Battle Mountain zone regardless, and the flash version tends to be rather laggy at times. Unfortunately, due to the earlier three games containing things that would bring its developer, Matt Roszak, into legal trouble (most notably the first game having a few pokemon for summons, and the final boss of the first game being Goku), they will not be appearing on Steam.PlotIn between the events of the third game and this one, the heroes, Matt, Natalie (Natz for short), and Lance, turn to a life of crime, since they lack the funds to buy food. They think that this is justified due to them saving the world before, although this is a rather flimsy excuse. They finally go too far when they steal an important jewel from Greenwood Village, causing her to seek them and finally deliver justice to them... only to learn that they did not steal the jewel. Anna must team up with the heroes, and track down the thief before he/she/it/they can steal the other two jewels and summon forth Godcat, who will destroy the world....It's rather bare-bones, and can rather easily be ignored in the favor of picking fights with wild animals. Aside from a few rather minor references to the third game, you can easily jump into the game's plot without playing any other games in the EBF series. Interestingly enough, the entire series runs on the plot structure of ""Stop this thing by beating it to a pulp,"" although this game diverges itself from this plot a little more.GameplayGameplay is split up into two areas: The overworld and combat.In the overworld, you can walk around, accepting quests to get items for complete strangers with the promise of some stuff in return, harrasing the wildlife, stealing items from treasure boxes, and buying items to prepare for combat. When one wishes to enter the combat phase of gameplay, one simply clicks on an enemy on the map. If one goes to the options tab, one can switch between using the keyboard and the mouse to travel on the map.In combat, you have a myriad of standard JRPG skills, including several that are based off of elements. As one of the game's tips says, attack enemies until they die. If red numbers appear, that means the element of that attack is pretacualy effective against that foe. If grey numbers appear, that means the foe is either immune or resists the attack. One can also use the Scanbot summon to reveal the weaknesses of these enemies, revealing their weaknesses and stat totals for all enemies of that type. Battles may be split into multiple waves, too. In one of the lower points of the game, your party's turns are not refreshed at the start of each wave, which can result in up to five enemies getting free attacks if you use your last action to kill an enemy. This is especially bothersome with the final boss, who will ""kill"" itself after a few turns on the waves where it's invulnerable, giving its next phase free, powerful attacks.After winning a battle, one is rewarded with Gold, EXP, and AP, all used outside of combat. Gold is used to buy new equipment, items to upgrade your equipment with, things that hurt enemies, and items to heal your party members. EXP will make your characters stronger. AP can be spent under the ""Skills"" screen to unlock new skills, or upgrade ones you've already learned. Any skills under the ""special"" tab can only be learned by a single character and have to be forgotten if you wish to teach them to another character, adding a layer of strategy as to who gets what skill.DifficultyEBF4 is divided into four difficulties. In order from easiest to hardest, they are: Easy, Normal, Hard, and Epic. The difficulty can be changed on the fly, so unless one is having trouble on Easy, the difficulty can be lowered with ease. By default, the game is set on Normal. If one were to select Hard or Epic, enemies will also recieve bonuses that aren't directly stated, such as some enemies that absorb fire damage entering battle with a status that deals fire damage every turn, or fire-weak enemies starting with a status that lets them resist fire. Bosses that are defeated on Epic difficulty also give medals, which directly corrolate to Steam Achievements.In short, do I recommend this game? Yes. I am aware this type of game isn't for everyone, especially considering the rather cluttered interface, but it's a damn fine one. Also, to those who ask where the other party members are at the start of the game, you'll find them as you progress through Ashwood Forest, before finally finding Lance after defeating the Mighty Oak and entering the Crystal Caverns. Each party member also has a different role, which should be relatively obvious looking at their stats and personal skills they can learn."
76561198008062777,Recommended,265610,11016132,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Cyber,"I'm always a fan of Final Fantasy style games, the ones where you take turns doing damage to your enemies, and them to you. What I especially like about the Epic Battle Fantasy games however, is the differences it has that make it stand out as a game. For instance, at the highest levels, your weapons that you've had since the beginning are still options to use for battle, instead of other games where your starter weapon was probably sold at the first shop for some extra cash. For the final bosses as well, unlike the FF games, where simple grinding could make anything easy, this game relies on intelligent strategy to beat a boss.You can't simply use brute force to take down an enemy here, it requires actual thinking. You have to consider:-What weapons do I use?-What's their weakness?-What armour do I wear to compensate for their skills and mine?-What skills do I use, and which special abilities (Only one person gets it, but you choose) gets which skills.All of this, a decent storyline, great music, good characters with unique personalities, and a vast world are all reasons why Epic Battle Fantasy 4 should be considered a great buy."
76561198120438438,Recommended,265610,11328701,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ruwoc,"I like RPGs, and this is my favourite one. It contains decent humor,brokenly powerful buffs, and a pretty cool dev who deserves some support.Overall i have 40+ hours in the game (but thats because i play on the hardest difficulty)If you like RPGs this is worth buying, and I think it is kinda cheap for $129001/10"
76561198023906188,Recommended,265610,10956763,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,fooshards,"Very well done turn based RPG, funny, and amazing music.  Recommended to anyone."
76561198120738823,Recommended,265610,10960639,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Hash-Slinging Slasher,"This game's wit is perfect. I love the puns, the sly references to popular RPGs of the past, and the gameplay is fun and engaging. I've played it most out of all of the games that I bought from this year's steam sale, if that says anything."
,Recommended,265610,10712160,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,draconous13872,for all of those die-hard classic battle RPG fans this a game for you simple controls no need to memorize every button combantions or secret codes great for pick up and play simple concepts but elegantly done and with the dashes of humor thrown in gets rid of that grinding feeling
76561198009026183,Recommended,265610,11709664,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,HUNK,This game is a really good RPG. It's fun to play for just a little while and it's art style and humor is just for me.
,Recommended,265610,10954208,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,trisstenisawesomepony,I LOVE playing this game! I have played the Newgrounds version and HAD to get this version as well to show my support. I couldn't stop playing till I 100% the Flash version and I probably won't stop on this one too!♥11/10♥
76561198029896544,Recommended,265610,11339737,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,DekarTheDragoon,"Had a ton of fun with this. Would recommend to anyone wanting a turn-based RPG that isn't looking for something super serious.Though make no mistake, the Godcats are serious."
,Recommended,265610,11717990,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,1337haXXor,"Awesome RPG, with enough customization, upgrading, and variety to break up the staightforward, RPG feel."
76561198051835022,Recommended,265610,11790228,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Wave,"Absolutely amazing jrpg style game. Turn based FF style with excellent creative customization options with a well balanced element based battle style. Difficulty is changable on the fly and higher difficulties also features unique enemy behaviour instead of just a flat number boost. Story isn't very deep, but rather fun and charming. So many great little details and some game and anime references. Menus are easy to navigate and the game is animated extremely well. There's much more praise I could give the game but I don't wanna potentially spoil anything. Definitely a must buy with it's price."
76561198028725379,Recommended,265610,10031978,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,chainsawgrizzly,"Excellent independent game! If you're a fan of Final Fantasy, Golden Sun or any other RPG along those lines, you'll find plenty of things to like here.Its a fairly simple system in terms of skills and weapons. Find the right materials and you can forge your equipment to be better. Higher level equipment requires rarer items. After winning a battle you get ability points which you can spend towards spells and skills. Higher levels need more ability points and so on. This is in addition to a standard leveling system (get exp and level up).The skill and equipment sets feel very well thought out. No one skill or item is designated as ""crap"" each feels like its part of one option for strategy, and I can say you will probably use every piece of equipment at one point or another. Another cool touch is that each item shows up on the characters both in battle and outside. It's a nice little touch.The story is also simple to follow, but its almost like a parody of the traditional RPG plot. It doesn't take itself seriously at many points, yet still keeps you somewhat invested in fighting the big bad guy at the end. There are references galore to other RPG's and internet stuff among other things, and its just a straight up fun ride.Finally, the music kicks♥♥♥♥♥ That's all I have to say about that.And this was made by one guy who made flash games in the past.  While the price might be a little off putting to some, buy this to help support the guy. Plus he threw in some extra content exclusive to Steam, so its a pretty good deal."
76561198054807451,Recommended,265610,9537506,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,TheBadEnd,"This game is amazing. It's got great humor, it's challenging, combat is fun and easy to pick-up, it's got a developer who cares, not to mention a kickass sound track too. Definitely a must have for any fans of turn-based RPGs."
,Recommended,265610,14115947,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Darkphoenix891,"To put this simply, THE GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING! Whilst i havent played it in a while, the soundtrack is too good to pass up.the game is powerful. it gets right in your face, supplying you with amazing humor, music and art. the style is anime-esc and the series was (obviously) inspired by the final fanatsy series. i certaily can give a decent ranking just on that. Now the fun part is for people who like collecting EVERYTHING. you can complete the game 3 times over on the same save, with all your equipment, after you beat the game. the gameplay is something like an ideal game to relax with. I rated this game a 7.5 out of 10 before. i can, without doubt change this to an 8.5 because of how much i have spent playing this game. (including my hours on kongregate before i bought it, i have around 84 hours total)Matt, you are a beast. keep doing what you do best. (keep making these amazing games!)"
76561198045750961,Recommended,265610,24245585,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DudeBro Douchinton,"Epic battle fantasy 4 is a slightly challenging rpg. It is a remake of a flash game that was later greenlit. This game makes you think more than most current and past gen rpgs. Buffs and debuffs matter a lot in this series. More rpgs should expect you to play smart, or reward you as much as EBF4."
,Recommended,265610,10737490,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ATF_SimonTemplar ///,"This game is the best $3 I ever spent. It's fun, and challenging, without being grind-y. A lot of pop culture refs in it, but they're more like inside jokes. Fun if you get them, but not trying to shove them down your throat. I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,265610,11566478,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Kailen,"Absolutely reccomended.  From its humble beginnings as a series of flash games to this fully fleshed out RPG, this game is a wonderful, and fun, callback to the 16-big era of JPRGs.  Check it out, and grab it when you get a chance!"
76561198040418693,Recommended,265610,9904814,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Glue Teeth,"Great RPG, embracing the styles of beloved classics while bringing new aspects to the genre as well. Enchanting artstyle and creative characters with a simple but enjoyable story. the game has decent, good humor and a bunch of references to other famous games and internet memes.10/10 would bang"
76561197971170681,Recommended,265610,10785581,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Raihiar,"haven't played that much, but at the first few glances this game seems really worthwhile.I defenitely recommend buying it, if you're looking for a lighthearted rpg with a few (many) references and sideblows to other games"
76561198058156743,Recommended,265610,9615333,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Inspector Dosh,"Four words: this game is awesome. People might say to you, ""dude, this is a flash game on the internet. It's free so why would you waste your money on this?!!?!?"" Here's what I have to say. This game in my opinion is too good to be free and clearly deserves some money for the developler's hard work. If you are skeptical about the game then you can play it on the web and then decide if you want to support the developer. The steam version will include everything that's described on the store page with a few other notes exclusive to the steam version from the developer in the steam forums. Why are you still reading this? Just stop reading and buy it now! Don't forget to check out his other games on the internet while you're at it."
76561198032159884,Recommended,265610,10736739,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SDF-7,"Rather a silly (fun!) pastiche of JRPGs, this addictive little game has enough basic puzzles and humor to make it your go-to quick fix for a little straightforward play time. The learning curve (at least on Normal) is pretty low, with few moments of true fear for your party, but getting at least one member with Revive is not a bad idea. Just pay attention to skill and item leveling (in my case, focusing on a few general purpose spells at least so far to ensure always doing at least *some* damage). I fully expect the higher levels to be much trickier, but I'm saving those for a later playthrough.Especially if it is on sale, this is most certainly worth getting if you at all like the genre!"
,Recommended,265610,10936233,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CharreD,"Pretty fun. A huge time sink. I took 34.3hrs to do two play throughs, one on normal and one on epic. Second time was to get most of the medals/achievements as well as all the equipment I missed on the first playthrough.Limit breaks are a little meh. Cbf doing the third playthrough.I bought it on sale but it's probably worth it's full price."
,Recommended,265610,10939235,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tony Stank,"Just brought this on steam after spending many hours on Newgrounds playing it, if you like any sort of RPG you'll like this. it has several influences from classic games (most notably final fantasy) and plays on those conventions well. Definitely one i'd reccomend others to play."
,Recommended,265610,10961921,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sortem,"Bought this game on Steam sale, always wanted but I'm cheap. Oh boy, this game is worth every single dollar (even at full price) I started it and what I thought was going to be just 2 hours of playing, ended up on 12 straight hours playing it non stop, the game is hilarious with all the jokes, anime references and how the players talk about it to be a game on occasions.The battle system is like the good old days of RPG games and turn based one (god I miss those kind of games), epic skills, epic animation, a lot of moe from nats, epic music, this is why this game title is epic Battle Fantasy :3Truly recommend buying it20/10"
,Recommended,265610,10699800,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Silverton,Might be my favorite RPG ever. ARRRRRR my boob. Best line so far.
76561197994514836,Recommended,265610,10948518,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jonny McFire,Very good RPG. Has all the right elements and doesn't really do poorly at anything.  Good playthrough.
76561198081821094,Recommended,265610,11453847,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ScreamingBanana,"I loved this game! Epic Battle Fantasy 4 (or ebf4) is a Strategy RPG similar to Final Fantasy 6 and below. There are Four main characters, Matt the theiving, high attack high defense tank, Natalie, the good natured mage, Lance, the phsycotic, perverted gun freak, and Anna, the tree hugging goody two shoes with a bow. the game starts off with you in the overworld, and when you enter a hostile area, you'll notice the enemy sprites. Yes, the creator got rid of random battles. Thank Christ. when you enter battle, you control three of the four hero's attacks and strategies along with equips. for strategies there is ""benching"" a character for another, there is switching turns for a character, surrender, and block for the most part. equips follow the rules of, you can change wepons, outfits, flair mid battle, but it costs you a turn, same with consumables. attacks are the highlights of the game. each character can learn their own special set of ""skills"" for them only, but you ccan find ""specials"" out in the feild usually after boss fights or quests. theses ""specials"" can be used by any character provided they meet the parameters. overall, the game is fun, some very small tech bugs, good design and a wacky story. 8.5/10"
76561197977324092,Recommended,265610,10944050,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,bkcrt,"Nice game. Good gameplay. Classic menu-driven RPG, with a shockwave styling to the graphics, and a quirky sense of humor similar to the Disgaea series. Good music, interesting bosses, cool loot, and plenty of gameplay."
,Recommended,265610,10806399,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,fraterormus,"This game has become one of my guilty pleasures. Although it's a port of a Freemium Flash game, it runs smoothly and is thankfully devoid of a Cash Shop. The graphics are whimsically cute, and the gameplay can be considered JRPG-lite for Westerners...as it has everything you'd expect in a JRPG but without the insane grind (you can make it through the entire game within 12-14 hours as opposed to hundreds of hours in a typical JRPG). The humor and use of standard JRPG tropes is comical to where you can't help but smile and giggle incessently while playing (down to the non-apologetic blatant remix of the victory theme from FFVII).  It may not be a hard-core JRPG, but it is a delightfully fun tip of the hat to classic JRPGs. It's definitely worth the price of admission."
76561197985109343,Recommended,265610,10698645,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Saodhar,"I've actually bought it for fun - but it turned out to be a great game. Seems easy at first, but then it becomes more and more complex, a full-fledged RPG. Turn-based battles require more planning as you progress further into the game.And I really like this game's visuals and dialogs - funny, sometimes absurd even, but never mean or gross."
76561198056648864,Recommended,265610,27925346,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hellfinder,That tentacle monster gives the best of hugs
76561198084181497,Recommended,265610,27291487,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lill Lizzert,"I've been playing this game since it came out on Armor Games and Kongregate. EBF4 is the latest entry in the Epic Battle Fantasy Franchise, an RPG series inspired by franchises like Final Fantasy and Pokémon.It has an unique and recognisable artstyle and a quirky sense of humor. There is some story to be enjoyed here, but unlike some other RPGs, you will be playing this for the gameplay. You will be surprised by the lenght and depth of this game. One thing to note though, is that this is in fact a flash game, which means the game does require a mid-grade computer despite the games' simplicity and the steam overlay/keeping multiple tabs open doesn't work as well as usual.Even so, grabbing it for either a sale or the full price is a steal in my opinion.Pros:-Quirky cast with the same tone of humor-Decent Story-Unique and colorful artstyle-Good Game Lenght-No random encounters-The ability to save anywhere outside of battle-Surprisingly deep and fun gameplay, while still being very a accessible RPG-A small party of well balanced characters-Tons of videogame and other references-Decent game config options-A good amount of saves and a autosave feature-4 difficulties to choose from, providing a good challenge for everyone-Side quests and Challenging extra content to get even more stuff and replayability-Good character progression/equipment system (you should find this out for yourself, discovering what I'm talking about    here is part of the fun!)Cons:-Only on pc (although there are ways to get around this, including the web version)-Somewhat low frame cap (although it really doesn't matter for an RPG like this. Trust me, you won't even be bothered by this unless the game lags for you.)-No Shift + Tab Steam Overlay or F12 Steam Screenshots-Responds somewhat slowly when switching tabsOther things to note:-Good pieces of music, although there isn't that much music in comparison to the size of the game, which means it might get a bit repetitive at times when you've played the game this much.-There is some puzzle solving involved, although I personally think the puzzles add to the game rather than taking away from it. These won't change according to difficulty, but you don't need to be Einstein for this stuff.-The humor can get a bit weird sometimes (boobjokes, for example), which you will either love or hate about this game.-Because of the relatively large game size, you might lose interest before finishing everything. The percentage of people who finished the main story actually isn't that high. Whether this is good or bad depends mostly on the type of gamer you are.-Completing the game 100% requires a lot of time and mastery of the game. A lot. This might be annoying to some, but does provide a good challenge.I recommend this game to anyone who is open to games with semi-serious story. You don't need to be a hardcore RPG fan to enjoy this game at all, and you get a lot of bang for your buck. It happens pretty often that the ones playing these games become dedicated fans of the series.Epic Battle Fantasy 5 is currently in development and is shaping up to become even better. Epic Battle Fantasy 3 is also available for free on Steam if you want to get a good taste of the series first. Be sure to check those out if you're interested.I can't praise this game enough for what it is. Just give it a go and see if it floats your boat."
,Recommended,265610,26897643,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rixor12,"Easily one of the best indie games of recent years. If not one of the best Turn-based RPGs of all time. Speaking as someone who has never played a traditional turn-based RPG prior to finding this game on Kongregate years ago (Unless Mario RPG counts, which i don't think it does.) I can therefore say that this game is a PERFECT gateway RPG. Just enough depth in it's combat system to make vetrans feel welcome, while not alienating newcomers like alot of other RPGS do (Xenoblade and Final Fantasy X come to mind)The gameplay (once it gets rolling) consists of 3 party members (with 1 in backup).Anna is the support class with her basic attacks not doing all to much damage but having alot of skills to debuff enemies or inflict them with bad statuses.Matt is the physical attacker, with alot of non-elemental high power skills.Natillie is the Magic user / Healer with most of her power revolving around her ability to deal elemental damage or heal/revive part memebers.Lance is the glass canon with not much defence or HP, but with a ton of enemy devestating moves.When you complete battles, you gain EXP and money (In this case, Choclate Coins) like other RPGs. You also gain AP which can be used to level up or learn new Skills or SpecialsThe difference between Skills and Specials is that Skills are character specific, whereas Specials consist of a pool that multiple characters can learn from. Each special can only be learnt by one party member. This makes for some intresting strategic opertunities as alot of arts are here.This game also has Limit Breaks, which to be honest, are not that much different than in Final Fantasy 7. But for those of you unfamilliar, Limit Breaks are powerful attacks that can only be used once a character has taken enough damage. What's different here, however, is that limit breaks can be saved for later use as the attack command is still there, where as to do so in Final Fantasy 7, you would need to keep using Magic instead of attacking.The equipment system in this game is in my opinion the best type of equipment system in any RPG. No 2 pieces of equipment are exactly the same, nor are there any that are inherently better than other pieces. They all have their own use with their own stats and resistances. I cannot think of any other RPG where i was never like ""Oh, this sword does more damage than that sword with no downsides. Better sell my old sword for this upgraded one""The music is annother shining point of this game. Phyrnna did an amazing job. Explaining it can't do it justice, so i suggest you listen to it for yourself.Overall, 10/10. If you are looking for annother good RPG that isn't too confusing to get into, look no furher than Epic Battle Fantasy 4."
76561198072145479,Recommended,265610,10783322,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tenkin,"If you like JRPGs, then this game is for you! I bought the game hoping for something fun to play, and boy was I right! This game is a wonderful mix of western comedy and JRPG play mechanics. Once you start playing you won't want to stop untili you are done! 10/10"
,Recommended,265610,10769690,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,bill.c.baker,It reminds of of some of the great rpg's from SNES with more customizing due to the skill options. Great find on the steam sale.
76561198044225486,Recommended,265610,10774921,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ArchitectZero,Very fun game. Highly recommend picking up this game during the sale
,Recommended,265610,11206658,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Camloon,"Now everyone knows im a panty thief, a pervert, chicken molester, a poacher, and a quest slave. 9.5/10"
76561198054968772,Recommended,265610,9307138,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Vongrapple,A masterpiece by a true master! A must-have for lovers of RPG and adventure games! Memorable characters and a gripping story!
,Recommended,265610,19749214,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Belgarion of Riva,"This game I bought because the different art styles were all cute and interesting. What followed was a shockingly good experience that I really didn't see coming.This game is based on RPGs like Final Fantasy and Golden Sun, but where they can be very slow (the former, particularly), this one is incredibly fast paced. I've played a fair amount of FFxiii, but I managed to catch up to my playtime for that game in a much shorter span due to how enveloping this game can be; I've wiled away more than one night by just playing the story of this.Grinding is possible, but wholly unneeded. It seems most of the enemies have some kind of scaling, but maybe I was just at the perfect level for everything... Not being able to tell which it is is a very positive thing.It also has a Game+ mode where you just restart the story with all your levels, skills and equipment. This is a nice feature, but I wish it had asked first as I was close to a few end game achieves that reset with the story.The actual gameplay is, as I said, fast and flowing. A little less dependence on the mouse would have been nice (you need to click to exit combat, for example), but I still love the way this game controls. Although the interface is mind-bogglingly complicated when you first see it, everything has its place and all fits together surprisingly well for a system as detailed as this. There're skill trees, equipment collecting, weapon and armour modifications, 'flair' trinkets, stat boosters, element resistance, buffs/debuffs... You get the point. But by a few hours into the game, I understood the majority of it.Character balancing was a bit off for me... I dunno if it was bad use of stat items and skills, but my best fighter was also my best healer and had half the max health of my others. Due to the sheer number of options, I found it hard to keep it straight in my head which character should have which (I did consider making some kind of spreadsheet, but decided against it), but I managed to complete the game on normal difficulty without too much hassle. Don't think I ever lost a fight.Enough about gameplay, what about the story and tone? The tone is brilliant. Spot on. Phenomenal. It'd be worth playing this for the characters' interactions alone. It plays beautifully with RPG and gaming tropes, references are everywhere and as I said at the beginning, the art style is amazing. Cutscenes are done in a felt-style looping animation, battles are anime and overworld travel are chibi things. They all work surprisingly well together and give the game a very lighthearted feel that becomes all the better when the team encounter horrific atrocities.Also there's a little easter egg that I stumbled upon entirely by accident, but could NOT stop laughing at. I won't spoil it. But damn. It just epitomises the game.Overall, this is a fantastic light RPG that is deep enough in gameplay to be elevated beyond the flash game it is and become one of my favourites. Resolution options are terrible, mind, and it isn't integrated with steam very well. Still. Amazing game."
,Recommended,265610,11536798,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Great fun->I usually skip over all types of round-bases-battle-RPGs but I'm glad I made an exception here. EBF4 is a tongue-in-cheek RPG with hilarious characters who dress as stereotypical pirates, rangers or red mages. On the over-world map you collect hidden goodies, explore branching ways and follow the farce of a storyline. If you choose to bump into an enemy the fighting starts, no tedious random encounters after any x steps. Also heroes slowly heal after battle for convenience and most creatures respawn.The battle system isn't boring but really fun with lots of different skills, weapons, equipment, usable items.Skills are unlocked and upgraded with skill points. Levels are gained by experience. Weapons and Armor are found or bought in shops and upgraded with items. There are also summons usable by anyone, limit breaks and ""specials"" which are skills you can assign to complement a characters skill set like a fire attack or a heal spell.You may try out the EBF game series on some websites for free to understand how the game works."
,Recommended,265610,11305980,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Pisces,"Slaugter dozens of animals who may not even be evil just so you can fight gaint bosses who doen't even work for the the villain? Check. A s#!t ton of armor and weapons to fight all sorts of enemies in? Yup. An really simple way to upgrade all that armor and weaapons to give the even more deadly capabilities? Uh-huh. A difficulty that you can change at any time? You got it. New Game+ with a new optional boss? It's there. Extra level thats hard a♥♥♥♥♥♥and isn't even part of the storyline? Yeah. Epic Battle Fantasy 4 IS availible for free on websites like Newgrounds and Konegranite, but if you drop just 6 bucks, the game gets UNBELIEVEABLE replay value. Altogether, EBF4 is an outstanding RPG similar to those like Final Fantasy and what-not. So what are ya waitin' for, BUY THE D@MN GAME ALREADY!"
,Recommended,265610,11413298,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,NewTroll,"Fun, casual little RPG with ALOT of turn-based combat. If you like old-school JRPGs, then defintiely pick this game up and give it a whirl!"
,Recommended,265610,15645117,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,glets,"I love this game.Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is, in my opinion a beautiful masterpiece of a game that launches you on a adventure to stop a god that intends to destroy the world, an adventure where you will encounter hilarious humor among'st the four main protagonists, such as Lance's occasional pervert moments, Matt's hatred of tactics/puzzles and much more!I recommend playing the flash version first, and if you like it, well it's your choice whether you get the Steam version with Battle Mountain and all those extra goodies or not.Amazing soundtrack, lovable characters, good challenge (unless you're playing on easy) and lots of references to other video games and hell even anime, great art-style, achievements, trading cards, worth full price and worth every second spent playing this game.I really enjoyed this game and got quite addicted to it for some time.a hippy a pirate with a magic sword a nazi a girl and a cat go around attacking bushes and trashing a factory on their quest to stop an evil cat god"
76561198060876173,Recommended,265610,26616051,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Hand of Sheog,"You need to answer only two questions to determine if you want this game: Do you want to fight snowmen with magic, guns, and artillery/air support? Do you want to fight an omnipotent cat goddess? Yes to either?Buy the game.Nuke a snowman."
76561198083962099,Recommended,265610,28925124,Posted: 1 January,all,rtucker587,A lot of attention to detail leads to a very polished product and is what we have here.Our heroes have a lot of unexpected personality and the humor is quality. I like these guys.I give it a big recommendation even at full price.
,Recommended,265610,16125048,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lance,Best RPG flash game ever
,Recommended,265610,31212826,Posted: 17 April,all,Poor Zhu,Defines what a good Epic Battle Fantasy would be.10/10
,Recommended,265610,23816639,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,camelotcrusade,"I haven't played any games in this series before so this is my first time with the author's work.  I have to say I'm having a great time!  I was a little worried the game would be of the ""too dumb to enjoy"" variety but that's not the case.  It's a charming, funny game and it's backed up by an enjoyable combat and gearing system.  Best 3 salebucks I've spent in a while!"
,Recommended,265610,11773348,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,cc//Milkyshakes™,"Game is Addicting, I would play it like 24/7 on kongregate, Its So Much Fun And Amazing. Best Game Ever"
,Recommended,265610,9280851,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Tarina,A must have!
76561198025139109,Recommended,265610,9269352,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,The Black Knight,Really cool old time inspired turn based game. Really worth it.
,Recommended,265610,32807647,Posted: 26 June,all,Azula,"fluent, good gameplay, funny8/10Oh, i forgot mentioning about  Natalie's boobies."
,Recommended,265610,11979749,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,KainDarkfire,"What are you doing down here?  ""Add to Cart"" is up that way. ^"
,Recommended,265610,9272994,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"never been a fan of turn-based RPG, but this game has some funny dialogue lines :)  overall pretty fun to play."
,Recommended,265610,9263411,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,TehNecr0,"I've been playing the series since the first one. It's on Kongregate too, but the performance on Steam is much better than Flash. It's got a very good soundtrack too, developed by HalcyonicFalconX. I believe her soundtracks have been used since the second game and everything else after."
,Recommended,265610,13478575,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SilverAlphaWolf,"Epic Battle Fantast 4 is what most RPG's today lack. a focus on battle, skills, gear and just plain fun, exploring a vast land with as many side quests as you want without gunking up the main plot of the game. unlike other games where finishing side quests and gridning for level seams more a chore then anything EBF4 makes it all worth it by showing a clear advantage against lower level enemys as well as making the items from side quests worth the effort and back tracking some require. over all if your looking for a fun respin on clasic RPG's i highly recommend this game to anyone looking for some quick pick up and go fun"
76561198045442671,Recommended,265610,13578698,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TrinJeto,"This game is undoubtedly one of the best flash games I played. The amount of work done to this game is phenomenal. I remember playing this on Kongregate and enjoying the hell out of it. Once I heard that the full version of the game was selling on steam, I told myself that I had to buy this. AND I played through the whole thing, including through all of the additional contents with Battle Mountain! Here's why this game is worth a look!POSITIVES:- HOURS of content- Not so serious story with humorous elements of characters- Four characters to play as (Each with unique skills)- Many ways to customize characters (Skills, Costumes, Badges)- Several areas to explore and tons of foes to face!- Game presents a challenge and difficulty scales gradually- Many RPG elements that people who are familiar OR new to them will love- Many rewards, many prizes!- Don't need to grind this game in order to beat it. From what I remember correctly, enemies scale to your level.- SOUNDTRACK IS AMAZING!- Art design of world and characters are attractive- Can save your game anytime- ACHIEVEMENTS!NEGATIVES:- No gripping or remarkable story- For people who do not like casual RPGs, this is not your cup of teaOverall, I enjoyed playing through this game again and experiencing the challenge of Battle Mountain! Hope this review helps make a clear picture of Epic Battle Fantasy 4!"
,Recommended,265610,27810035,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fancy Kettle,"An amazing game that really made me relize what i've missed these past few years , as a 14 year old i missed the first 2 games , but the 3rd one was what got me into it , the amazing game play , the amazing drawn out characters with a personality . The 3rd and 4th game didnt really need a story to make them an ""Epic Battle Fantasy"" for a lot of us it was the experience we had playing those games , thats what made it ""epic"" for all of us"
,Recommended,265610,13842505,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,DeRockProject (jongyon7192p),"This is a standard RPG with its selling point probably being its humor. It's pretty addicting.The two best things about this game:- When you get a medal, notifications appear on your steam client, the game itself (satisfying sound effect included), and if you have ASTATS open in your browser in the background, it'll appear there, too.- What's even better, is when in game, you're fighting an enemy and it barely lived as your turn ended, then it gets struck by lightning and dies, ending the battle. Or even better, it gets crushed by a falling mammoth out of nowhere. Or two of them.If you feel that's underwhelming, maybe this isn't for you. I recommend you play the free flash games, Epic Battle Fantasy 1~4, to see how you like it before buying it. They're on Kongregate and other flash game sites."
,Recommended,265610,24102507,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,็,"Honestly this game is really good and was worth the ten bucks. I'm 17 hours in and still haven't beat it so there's definetely quite a bit of content here. The enemies all look different, yet are distinct to their element. The art all and all is very good, with limit breaks giving you these fun crazy destructive attacks. There is a bit of grinding and the combat is turn based, so if you don't like turn based combat this game isn't for you. The grind is pretty minimal and throughout the story are the fairly generic characters making funny remarks and conversation to keep you interested, but there isn't any award winning plot here, as the game doesn't take itself seriuosly, but that gives it creative freedom for some funny moments to keep it more fun than serious.So overall this game is 8/10 which for 10 bucks is pretty good. It probably wont last more than 20 hours for most people though because I'm basically at the end, but overall I enjoyed it and I think it's pretty good. You can try the game out in the browser if you'd like to see if you enjoy it first, but the steam version has WAY more content and is definetely worth it if you like games from KupoGames. If this game is on sale for less than 5 bucks like it is at the time of the review, I'd say definetely get it if you're into this genre."
,Recommended,265610,16509976,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Vulpire,"I love the soundtrack and graphics to this series, would reccomend to anyone that likes fantasy adventure games"
76561198099274185,Recommended,265610,24059093,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,St4ck,This game is a lot like Final Fantasy series with some fun elements. It has a lot of quests to do and items to find. You will use some environmental spells a lot in this game. Some people say it's a bit repetitive but i dont think so due to the fact that there are many different tactics and gears avaliable and it has a large variety in environments. Overall it's good value for a small cost.
,Recommended,265610,17549442,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Xamadas,"Well, EBF4 is a great game.there's lots of reasons to play this game:its a turn based RPG, has alot of humor, has refrences everywhere, and the battles are much more rediculus than other games.just an example: emagain a team of 4 poeple, trying to kill the last wooly mammoth, and the first guy says: ""oh wow! the last wooly mammoth! i cant beleve we found it!"" and suddently, a mamooth litteraly falls from the sky, hits the mammoth, and then you summon a sword out of thin air.so poeple, buy this game! its 12$, quite cheap!10 / 10"
,Recommended,265610,16054595,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Elyswer,"This game is nothing short of perfect!I used to play EBF back when it was on gaming websites such as Armor Games, and now I am really pleased to thiscome to Steam. Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is a fantastic adventure which is constantly breaking the fourth wall and I found myself loving the cast.I am really looking forward to see what Matt is offering for his next games (or maybe even EBF5!) as he should be very proud of his work.I won't stop playing this game any time soon, because it is jam packed full of secrets and a bonus area!"
,Recommended,265610,19017861,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,iklone,"EBF originates from a internet flash game which I originally played years ago on Newgrounds. It's a turn-based adventure RPG with elements from its counterparts in both western RPGs and JRPGs.As far as RPGs go, it has a relatively small amount of gameplay, making it a short (but in my opinion sweet) play. Most of the fun will be had in battles, where diverse enemies and an easy-to-understand element system make it a strangely relaxing experience. The art is nice, the moves are diverse and there are references everywhere to almost anything.Its cheap too, so thats a plus."
76561198055469309,Recommended,265610,21184778,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Caspy403,"I played through most of this for free, then decided to buy it on steam and restart on Epic difficulty. For someone who normally doesn't seek rpg games, this one takes the cake."
76561198055831911,Recommended,265610,27393257,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SatouSan,This game so cool! i love this artstyle and music.and humor is good also :P
76561198028247229,Recommended,265610,10683301,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Reverend Zeratul,"A turn-based RPG reminiscient of older games like Golden Sun, Sword of Mana, and early Final Fantasy. Aside from a few quirky bits, there isn't really anything here that makes the game stand out - it's standard JRPG fare. The characters and story are decent enough, the combat/leveling seems fine, enemies are reasonable, puzzles are somewhat easy but can have tricky parts here and there, etc. You can adjust the difficulty level at any time if you feel the game is getting too easy.The art style is questionable, but it looks better in-game than it does in the store page's screenshots. I would prefer a different style but this is acceptable.Some of the reviews mentioned this game being online, so I checked, and yep you can play for free on Kongregate. The Steam version has additional content and more options though, so it's probably worth a couple of dollars (I picked this up for $3 in the summer sale). I played through about half of the first level online to see if the game was even worth playing, and I'd recommend the same to anyone who might be thinking about buying this.The first boss is a surprise due to its power level, which is far above anything you've already dealt with. You'd expect that from a boss, but not to this extent. The boss could one-shot the healer, which was slightly annoying. It's still not ""hard"" to beat the boss, but some grinding will be necessary for a few people (depending on the difficulty mode). The other bosses seem easier in relation to your power level, so it seems the power curve is better-adjusted after this first boss.Overall this game seems worth some money and time if you like RPGs. It's a bit on the casual side and definitely not perfect, but for $3 there isn't much to complain about. It's worth checking out."
,Recommended,265610,10693352,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Zakkhaios,"Great game, loads of fun, and a great way to burn time"
,Recommended,265610,11008543,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,AlcherShinz,"Love this game. I played it on Kongregate, and when I heard that it was greenlighted, I had to get it. 10/10 would play over and over again."
,Recommended,265610,28001076,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xemidan,"I followed this series back in 2009 (starting from EBF 1) and am still following it.This game was first introduced on a flash game website and to have it ported to my personal PC is the nicest thing to have.The game is a simple RPG with a linear story line. Tons of unique (even fanmade!) monsters as well as an abundance of costumization for your characters to use. Each enemy has their weakness and each character is good at dealing certain types of damage or being a certain type of ""stereotype"" role.Epic Battle Fantasy is a homage to your good ol' JRPG (Japanese Role-Playing Game) and features a keyboard usage as well as mouse usage, depending on what your preference is. The EBF series also has a lot of connections (and easter eggs!)  with Japanese stuff related, especially anime.For those who want a simple, yet fun RPG with tons of references to anime, J-games, this game will be fun for you!The creator is also creating on a sequel of EBF 5 and spin-off bullet hell versions. Also check out EBF III, the prequel of this game! :D"
,Recommended,265610,24510250,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Xana100,"So lemme just get some facts and biases straight.The first game I ever played from Matt was Brawl Royale - a simple flash game that's basically just a reflex game to see how fast you can press a button when prompted. The animation, for me at the time, was pretty dang good and he gained a fan from that moment on. I've played every other game that came out since then, other than the Bullet Heaven ones, and I loved all of them.If you ever get to read this, Matt, I gotta say thanks for entertaining me for all these years. Hopefully, EBF5 will blow EBF4 right out the water.Tl;dr - I'm a fanboy and this review may be a little biased. Also, this is my first ever review.NOW ON TO THE REVIEW!REVIEW:This game was originally a flash game that was (and still is) free to play on sites such as Kongregate and Newgrounds. The only real differences between the free version and the Steam one/Kongregate's premium one are the additional weapons, armors, and badges and Battle Mountain. This is a little underwhelming for something worth $12 dollars, I have to admit.If you've played any traditional JRPG games before, that's pretty much what this game plays like. This may be a turn-off for some, but for fans and newcomers to the genre, I think you'll be in for a treat.The characters are all unique and interesting in their own way - even the NPCs, while not really memorable, have some choice bits of dialogue. As for the dialogue and text in the game, it's very humorous with loads of little nods and jabs to all things video games.The plot is pretty linear, so NG+ is really only for maxing out whatever skill you didn't learn and trying out some new tactics....That's all I can think of at the moment while typing this up so...Overall, 8.5/10 - needs more boobs"
76561198036806670,Recommended,265610,27527052,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JackSamEss,"I don't think there is anything I could say about this game or its creator that hasn't already been said. If you've been on the fence about buying it definitely do so next time it goes on sale. Which at the time of writing this review it is, so just go ahead and buy it already."
76561198037516530,Recommended,265610,32751761,Posted: 24 June,all,Barren,"This game was so good. I was surprised how much i liked it.  Don't play it for the story, but the gameplay is awesome.  In the vein of final fantasy."
,Recommended,265610,22695360,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,LostMyRice,brings back childhood memories
,Recommended,265610,10657614,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ImpunityZero™,"Epic game that you can easily replay severals times, i loved EBF3 and i love EBF4 as much!"
,Recommended,265610,10876950,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,INSANE MIND,The game's pretty awesome. You have to learn a bit on your own but once you get it done the games awesome.
,Recommended,265610,10915710,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,inverse404,4_Chan goes RPG!Really super fun game in the style of classic SNES-RPGs.And the artwork is super-cute !Hillariously funny and not serious at all.All praise the Godcat :)
76561198003303311,Recommended,265610,10729588,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Frostbite Fox,........
,Recommended,265610,10918714,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mini,I approve this game.
76561198043892875,Recommended,265610,10983352,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,thebrilliantfool88,"Played all the flash games leading up to this one and loved each one. I was suprised to see it on steam and bought it without a seconds thought. No regrets. The game is as fun as the first three with much more content, a way smoother feel to it, and overall enjoyible gameplay."
76561198066905312,Recommended,265610,11272912,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,FrozenChestHair,"Honestly, this is one of the best RPGs ever, even though I like the third one a bit more. I haven't played much of the steam version, but I have played the regular one, and it is great. Marvelous music. Hilarious Humor. Magneficient Monsters. Charismatic Characters. It has everything! 10/10"
76561198060151088,Recommended,265610,11371142,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,HurricaneHarry,"If you like turn based rpgs you will love this game.It has a great art style, It's funny, and it doesn't require grinding!What more could you ask for?"
76561198077517860,Recommended,265610,10193242,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Catcat7077,One of my favorite games. I enjoy the art style and have enjoyed the games for a long time. Can't wait for more!
,Recommended,265610,10665240,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Devix,"An old school and simple RPG , but also complex despite its casual look . Definetly worth a try ."
,Recommended,265610,11281809,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,riotgear13,For every JRPG pre-32bit console kid out there - it's like a well made trip down nostalgia lane that can kill you at any moment.I love it.
,Recommended,265610,11444449,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,[LR] Frosty_022,This game is hilarious and quite politically incorrect. It's kept me engaged for hours and has quite a variety of spells and equipment to unlock8.75/10
76561198098488189,Recommended,265610,10714007,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dragon Puki,Spent several days playing this on Kong and Loved it.You can choose whether you like casual play or hardcore challenges.
76561198017056727,Recommended,265610,10739638,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Seraziel,"This, my fine gaming siblings, is what we've all been waiting for. Addicting turn-based classic JRPG gameplay. an amazing soundtrack that gets you in the mood to fight when entering a battle, and let's you jam out as you travel. Funny and interesting characters that you grow to love (and laugh at) instantly. A myriad of spells, skills, weapons, armor, power-ups, enemies, dungeons, landscapes, and slightly... *ahem* ""special"" (yet hilarious) NPCs. An artstyle with animations that instantly pique your inner otaku and hold you captive. And last, but not least, and interesting and engaging storyline that will have you on the edge of your seat (perhaps exagerated, but i digress). Everything about this game screams that it was carefully and lovingly developed by a AAA team of a godly design. But not so, as it is meticulously crafted by one man who has spent years on these games. Perhaps it is free elsewhere, but i implore that you consider helping out this fellow, by throwing a few dollars his way. It is easily worth the money. Now, go forth my brothers and sisters. Go forth and conquer that which is Epic Battle Fantasy 4. Because if this isn't a 10/10 masterpiece, then nothing is."
,Recommended,265610,10750031,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ryoniyk,"This game is more or less what it portrays itself to be. If you're a fan of the 16-bit RPG era, this is a great parody and replication of that era. Definitely worth investing in."
,Recommended,265610,10795213,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Spike,"It's amazing how addictive this game is, with its silly humour, simple but detailed graphics, well written dialogues, etc. This is a must for everyone looking for a simple yet entertaining RPG to kill a few hours and have a really good and fun time."
76561197984322112,Recommended,265610,11096135,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,[TLGS] Mario-x,"This would be the first turn-based RPG where (when playing on epic) you have to take time to set up equipment for the battle. You have 4 character and play 3 at a time, they all have a weakness and strength (of attacks) so you have a good reason to use all 4. A game worth the time and price. If you like turn based RPG, you will not be disapointed.Edit: Game gets quite challanging when going for all the achievements."
76561198030931997,Recommended,265610,11568418,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,[BURP] Hero_Of_Flames,"I have loved this game series since I first discovered it at 3. While I find 1 and 2 to be vastly inferior, I loved 3 to death. When I heard of a 4, I nearly freaked out. All in all, I think it improves on the 3rd, in the humor, gameplay, and story. I would recommend this to anyone who likes RPGs."
76561198087557749,Recommended,265610,11830182,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Nekrodamus,"funny little game, great music and very addictive."
,Recommended,265610,9629724,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Tærror,"Pretty good game, but kinda expensive, seeing as most of it can be found on Kongregate for free. The Battle mountain is pretty cool to do and the new equipment is awesome too, but i don't know if that alone is worth the 11 euros you have to pay for it. I, personally, have a problem with the FPS when playing extended periods (over 6 hours) but overall it's pretty stable. I recommend buying this game if you know you'll enjoy it... else, search it on Kongregate first and look if you can afford the 11 euros for this game."
76561198025374503,Recommended,265610,10151331,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,tipulsar85,"Great RPG, I have enjoyed the other three and this one is as much fun as those, plus great world building"
76561198135115969,Recommended,265610,10307264,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,LadyDogMinon23 |R♣H|,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing epic. Cute but somtimes hard foes, and boobs. BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBBBBBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS"
76561198071467020,Recommended,265610,10754011,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mintont,This is an engaging turn-based RPG.  I'm glad I bought it.
76561198041358757,Recommended,265610,10844528,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Slasher050,"I bought EBF4 a couple of days ago and the Steam Sale, it didn't look too special but apparently many people recommended it. What I got was an quite an suprisingly amazing game, a good looking and fun RPG, not only that but pretty addictive too. I know this is made on Flash, and free to play on some sites on the internet I still feel like it's worth it, for the price and it's estimated play time (about 11-12 Hours in, still not done), definitly if it's on sale. You should really try it if you like a great classic RPG with some good humor, references and fun gameplay.9.5/10 Definitly worth it."
,Recommended,265610,10865655,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jeneki,"Yeah, this game is totally worth tossing a few bucks to the devs.  There's great attention to detail and tons of variety.  Game length is around what I used to get out of a 16-bit console RPG.  And of course the humor and style is quite enjoyable.  Overall, great game!"
,Recommended,265610,11153828,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Garvock,"Great Fun, Final Fantasy esque, mixed with funny dialogue,  a decent story  and all them easter eggs(GoT etc...), any RPG fan or Final Fantasy fan should pick this up as it pretty fun.My Rating 9/10"
,Recommended,265610,11229790,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,junorus,Good music. Great gameplay.If you like turn-based RPG this is your choise.
76561198059166065,Recommended,265610,11828158,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,9S,"In a world where FF dominates any rpg players hopes of a new series they had better relize there is a better series on the internet. The whole point of this game other than fun is to point fingers and make fun of all the obvious and not so obvious things in todays rpg. There are pros like good characters, fun and unique gameplay, interesting concepts, good graphics, and a soundtrack that could sell millions if real. The cons too hard sometimes, fights might take awhile and so much GOD FORESAKEN POINTLESS ITEMS (and backtracking). Above all i give it a 9/10."
76561198043595103,Recommended,265610,10234858,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Soothsayer,"If you like classic games, funny jokes, or just looking for a new game to buy and enjoy this game is for you. it  is packed with loads of items and hours of fun. (You know you want it)"
,Recommended,265610,10732202,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,KiwiPony,It's like Final Fantasy was eaten by the internet.Kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack and that game has almost got a lego sense of humour in it.Amazing game and well worth a play.
76561197987456392,Recommended,265610,11119232,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,gwbeatty,Easy to play. Some nice puzzles.
,Recommended,265610,11154059,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Jevanee,"Really enjoyable game, would absolutely recommend.It's fun, quirky and let's you take it at your own pace.If you're a m3g4 l33t MLG H4rdc0r3 gamer then you may find it a bit easy, I boosted it up to hard for a bit more of a challange and I usually freaking suck at games. But I'd suggest hard mode when you get your bearings.But really it's a lovely game to play, it's not stressful at all (Except maybe mid-boss fight) but even then you can drop in and out of battles with no penalty. It also gives you the option to come up with battle strategies that rely on your team working together to take down your foes, or you can just wale on them until death happens.Anyway if you're thinking about buying this game enough that you're reading this then I'd say get it. Unless you're a scaredy sisspot that is."
76561198080046425,Recommended,265610,10802389,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sky,I strongly recommend this game to any RPG fan for one guy this is truly a masterpiece well worth the money. Don't regret my purchase one bit.
,Recommended,265610,21507499,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ZyborgTheGopnik,"Boob clicking SimulatorReviewI remember when i first played Epic Battle Fantasy 1. I finished the game, and then continiued on to the next one. Some days later i had finished them all and i thought that these were cool games. Then some years later i see this... this game which obviously is a creation of Godcat. I can only say that this game is a masterpiece, and all of the jokes/easter eggs just make the game better. Even though you can play it for free on the holy interwebs, you should support Mattie (Matt Roszak) And the music?!?! I could just play the game over and over again. The only thing is wish could have happend..SPOILER ALERT.......Is that Matt and Natalie kissed or atleast became girlfriend and boyfriend. But anyway... this game is truly amazing!  10/10"
76561198025816757,Recommended,265610,32949420,Posted: 28 June,all,Andrea Harper,"Exactly what it says on the tin, and utterly delightful and often hilarious. If you've played the version on Kongregate, it's pretty much exactly identical, but hey, everybody involved deserves a few bucks, this is so great, plus the soundtrack is free. A lot of fun, especially for fans of JRPGs."
76561198107182741,Recommended,265610,27385935,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Theta,"Considering this is not only a (loving) parody of JRPGs, but was also originally a Flash game, this game is somehow really amazing.The turn-based battles are pretty simple, but the summoning system and being able to swap in a backup character - even when the one you're swapping out is dead- is a nice change. And the variety of weapons, armor, and accessories give a ton of options to tackling enemies. Then there's the fact that they can all be upgraded to be even more useful.The art style is simple too, but also pretty clean and nice to look at. Basically, it won't turn any heads, but this game is technically several years old from the time of Kongregate. The characters all look really nice and have a lot of charm, especially in their idle animations that love to add in a few fun references. And the characters themselves also have some fun personalities and banter. I really only wish that there was a little more development involved in it.Next up is the music, which is very fun-sounding and doesn't get tiring to listen to. And considering the soundtrack is free, its definitely worthwhile. The only real complaint I have is that the tracks themselves don't seamlessly loop like you would expect, so it's pretty obvious when they do.One of the biggest differences from the original browser version is the addition of Battle Mountain, a side world with extra-tough battles. And grinding isn't an option since levels scale (but try to come back later with more skills). It's a nice addition that will keep you coming back for a challenge, in addition to the game's already solid level of content.This game is overall a fun experience, that while a bit dated, can still bring some chuckles and enjoyment. So play it if you like simple turn-based RPGs."
,Recommended,265610,27024758,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cuchulainn of Ulster,"This game is a blast from the past for me, and I'm very happy it's on Steam. It's a fun little Flash RPG, with silly humor and goofy battles, but with incredibly solid mechanics. The battles are fun and satisfying, and can also be pretty challenging on max difficulty. The only issues I feel are worth mentioning are the following two: the character balancing, and the graphics. It's not that the graphics are bad, I rather like the art style. But when you try to play on fullscreen, it lags like crazy, even on higher end PC's. As for character balance, it's hard to ensure all party members remain relevant throughout the game. In my experience, it's typical for people to settle on the three they like most and just roll with them the whole game. While this isn't really a bad thing, I think it would just be more interesting for each character to be built for a certain role, and perhaps to have all 4 fighting at the same time. Regardless, this game is very well made and I loved it long before it ever won any awards (which is hasn't, shamefully!), which is why I nominated it. Great work Matt, Looking forward to EBF 5!"
,Recommended,265610,26532193,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Juan,"i been playing offline this game, despite that.I can say nice game, if you like final fantasy franchise you should give a try to this. It has humor, good music and adventurethe developer is working hard doing a 5th game"
,Recommended,265610,26731465,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,GrimRabbit,"Good game, has good humour, finished it already on a different site so managed to get all Achievements in 24 hours, but I would recommend this game, if you don't know where everything is already like I did, you'll probably score atleast 50 hours on this."
76561198186348128,Recommended,265610,27568789,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Quonit,"This game actually inspired my life, I found the series when i was eight, and played it for hours on end. Now I am older, and I look back at the old games and think about how much it inspired me. I do art now, and i write spectaculacular stories, and I started them becuase I was writing fan fictions. I didn't knwo they were called fanfictions, or anything like that. I made stories about the characters and I still love them today. Love you Matt Kupo!!! <3 :D"
,Recommended,265610,26469232,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jellysquish,"It's a pretty good game, but the frequent dialogue surrounding a certain character's breasts is dumb instead of funny (what I'm pretty sure it is supposed to be)."
,Recommended,265610,27070278,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Goldfire64,This is a great soild game. I orignally played this game on Newgrounds and was excited that it was getting a steam release. What makes this game work is that at its core gameplay there is a solid foundation of turn based rpg. This game honeslty feels more solid than some AAA rpgs that come out. The mechanics of elemental strengths and resistances works well. You mix up your skills and equipment to have the correct element to hurt them while trying to have defense that is resitant to the element they are attacking with. On top of the solid gameplay there is the cute aesthetic. This game has a cute charm that makes it very likable. There is also a fair amount of humor that is both it's own jokes as well as references to other video games. The steam version adds in some equipment and an extra mode where you can fight harder versions of the bosses and other enemies. Overall a very fun game.
76561198205334884,Recommended,265610,26800998,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HaiKar,"When is Epic Fantasy Battle 5, Matt???!!!"
,Recommended,265610,25271337,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,lA0l 青,"Epic Battle Fantasy is a RPG that was originally a flash game that you can play for free (but less content). The steam version is an upgraded version with more area, more items and so on.Gameplay :This game is a turn based RPG, and not an original one, the gameplay is very classic, yet, it's fun and pretty hard. There is not a lot to say, you can see by yourself by trying the free version, it's worth a shoot, really.Art :Well, it's a flash game, don't exepct much about that, yet it's not bad. The chara design are pretty cool and the scenery not bad either.Musics and sounds :I really liked the musics in this game, it's catchy and fit the world pretty well.Story :That's the interesting point of the game, not that the story is good but because there is a lot of references in the game. Nothing is serious in this game, you will have fun reading the NPC's dialogues and seeing icons here and there... That being said, It took me around 30 hour to finish the game (with the battle montain, a optional area, finished and all the weapons aquired)Summary :Pros :- Challenging despite how it looks- Music- Funny characters and worldCon :- Can feel repetitive, also, some battles can be really long without being hard.80/100 very good game overall, I really recommand buying the steam version of this game."
,Recommended,265610,25288965,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Hidden,"I enjoyed playing this game a lot, a silly RPG that you can try out for free. I played all four of the game series and following the creator in making the fifth one. Playing this gets you extra content which I thought it was pretty worth if you get this game on a good sale.Pros:Soundtrack is well done (Ty Phyrnna <3)Cutscene art is adorableYou can play for free elsewhere so you don't need to refund if you don't like itExtra Content/Post first playthrough levels up with your characters so it's all about planning your attacks, not just grinding and becoming too powerful (I may be wrong with this, I know for the fact Extra Contents does)Good Mechanics which you can play around with in a battle to make some funny tactics happenStory is ok, Not fantastic but not terribleCons:You may have to grind a bit (ALOT if you are going for achievements)The Backup doesn't get the Group Buffs so they can be hard to use in a boss fightCats have no legs and are crazy religiousSmall Spoil ->Dark Matt and Dark Lance existI give it a 9/10, Can't wait for the fifth game to come out"
76561198103657203,Recommended,265610,27573687,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dinosauce,You can molest farm animals and steal womens' underwear. 10/10
76561198233656244,Recommended,265610,20189375,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[~Ы~] Sergey Killer,Самая Лучшая игра :3 спасибо Разработчику за такую замечательную игру:)
76561198072094419,Recommended,265610,17632764,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Someone else,"A more lovable RPG that you can play whether you're a casual or an insane (wo)man. Great gameplay, there was nothing horribly bad I had to glare at. It's not overly dependent on the trendy stuff like pixel-y graphics particularly, or MMORPG transactions but it's fun.Keyword: Fun."
,Recommended,265610,35206987,Posted: 25 September,all,Dovahkiin,"Really awesome game, a nice turn-based JRPG with a fair amount of strategy but not too much to make the game complicated, keeping in-line with its simple, clean interface. Also has a lot of witty dialogue.I have a couple hundred more hours played online, so don't let me few hours on Steam decieve you."
,Recommended,265610,27605636,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,torvald,GOOD GAEM 10/10 IGN WOULD PLAY AGAIN
,Recommended,265610,11750044,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Chris,"Liking RPGs?This is probably one of the best out thereyes, it looks childish, yes, the trailer is♥♥♥♥♥♥but it sure is one great game!Great humor, great style!A must have!"
76561198205349228,Recommended,265610,18935861,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Schrodinator10,Best game ever! It is about 4 heroes and their cat named Nolegs. It has many puzzles to solve. To beat the Mighty Oak you must try to kill him with fire and poison. To beat Crystal Golem you must use holy attacks on him. To get the slime cat achievement you must teleport. To beat robot guard you must use big spark attack!
,Recommended,265610,10543832,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,789thGuy_in_line,i loved playing it on kongregate but i love playing it offline even better
,Recommended,265610,10239865,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Dexy the Catgod,"I played EBF 1,2,3 and 4 on Kongregate, now on Steam. I always wanted it to be fullscreen and now it is! Love the challenges, the comedy and completley different play styles in this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,265610,10662644,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,bob vila,art's bad game's good
76561198080436460,Recommended,265610,22772351,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,oX_Dragonoff_Xo,If your a casual gamer looking for a good simple RPG then this is a game for you. I've enjoyed this saga since I was a kid. EBF4 is just as fun as it was then.Buy it and suport EBF 5.
,Recommended,265610,18963468,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ekam,"Simple, short and funnyThe battles are smooth and quickReferences are properly used, they made their joke, if you don’t get them they are still nice without botheringThe soundtrack is nice, and within the files for enjoymentIt could use a less simple story, but it served its porpoise for the amount of gameplayThe new game+ is a useless unless you're collecting achievementsApparently this is a free game somewhere in the web, but,this is a game worth its money"
76561198036089174,Recommended,265610,20011434,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bmanmax1412,"I played all of the previous Epic Battle Fantasies on Kongregate, and played through this one on Kongregate on Normal.I still shucked out mo ney fro this game so I could own it, and play it on Epic mode.9/10: would kill cute cats and get killed by insane monsters again.Pros:RPG game with masive arsenal of weapons, equipment, and spells.Tactical gameplay in which careful use of Buffs, attacks, type advantage and resistance matter.Viable and interlocking status effects (which work on enemies and allies alike)Shoutouts and easter eggs aplentyCons:I can't beat the final boss on Epic, and grinding up strength is difficult."
76561198041930079,Recommended,265610,10541767,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,zman537,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is a game that has seen in my opinion, too little attention. It's a game that brings back the nostalgia of the classics, while throwing in it's own unique sense of humor to keep everything fresh. The animations may be a little stiff, but that is only because of the art style itself, and that is still beautiful. To anyone who is having any hesitant thoughts about this game, I suggest going to Newgrounds or Kongragate and trying your hand at the previous three instalments."
,Recommended,265610,32740207,Posted: 24 June,all,default,"This is what RPGs should be like. No fancy graphics, complex combat systems; this game still won my heart."
76561197994399663,Recommended,265610,16665863,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sparkly Bear,"The ""overwhelmingly positive"" review score makes me think of the first Dim-Sum restaurant to recieve a Michelin star. That is to say it's not the most extravagant or artistic game, but an expert execution of some basic JRPG principles.I've already played it from start to finish for free online, and felt it was worth actually buying. From a replayability standpoint the humor and plot obviously doesn't hold up well, but the combat is still engrossing, and what more can you ask of something titled ""Epic Battle Fantasy""? The soundtrack is shockingly good in a nostalgic synthisizer sort of way, and though the tracks loop fairly heavily after 11 hours and counting I haven't muted it yet. The most impressive part for me is the level design. From start to finish you are never asked to backtrack without being rewarded for it. Exploration is heavily encouraged, and plot based roadblocks flow exceptionally nicely and naturally. Like Morrowind each 'tile' of the map is filled with side-quests and secrets to discover."
76561198042505578,Recommended,265610,11781915,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,superseth1,if you dont get this game your an idiot it has a good sense of humor lots of acheviments or medals as they are called in the game for you completesinits and lots of funny enemys
,Recommended,265610,9535166,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,blackleo23,I love this game!!! It has alot of quirkiness to it!!! And the puns are great!!!
,Recommended,265610,17636537,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ib,"The developer posted a click-concentration map on facebook. Just letting you know before you go Big Daddy on Natalia's assets. On a side note, if you don't give a crap, you can also click them during the Kyun limit breaker.The more you knowwwww~"
76561197979058385,Recommended,265610,10687959,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Motoflou,"I like how you can click the attack button and then you click on a bad guy and it's like BOOOOOOOM you done got STABBED, SON!"
,Recommended,265610,25118638,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Az0riusG4m3r,"Great game, awesome animation, and mezmerizing music."
,Recommended,265610,10954841,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Van Solem,"This is the game, that brings back memories of all the great Animes, games, stories, memes and jokes. The Epic graphics and music will have you just.. ""Wooow"" and ""EPIC!"". The battles are glorious, leveling system the most balanced i have ever seen, no need for grinding ever.The game features cats as the main antagonists, how much more epic can it be? Well, it can! When you face your first opponent that can kill all four of your paty members in a single round, even with Auto-Revive buff! Or the fact that some of your enemies can hack your Ultimate Limit Attacks and use them against yourself! It is so glorious i must cry!And then you will laugh upon the jokes and awesome attack animations. Cry when you die from a boss you just spendt two hours trying to kill without a single death until now.This my dear friends, is probably one of the reasons why JRPG games are still popular.I highly recomend this to anyone who likes Menu Combat RPG games, filled with jokes, good references, awesome music and amazing graphics. Worth all the bucks!"
76561198081368584,Recommended,265610,12663892,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Brudsy,"What can I say, this game is one in a million. I truly enjoyed it from start to finish. The music, graphic, effects and light hearted story deserves a 10/10. And the last boss..eh..let's just say its no push over. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to enjoy a classic styke rpg that's has a perfect balance of gameplay, difficulty and story progression. Oh and it also has moe haha."
76561198148873348,Recommended,265610,17911418,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Apple,"Pay no attention to the lack of play time from this review, cause I beat the free browser version already.This game is awesome and you should buy it, well that is if you have the money... You know what?! Forget having enough money! Sell a kidney if you have to! This game deserves your kidney money and you will understand after you die of sheer awesomeness from this game!!! And possibly die of kidney failure from your remaining kidney... sucks to be you if that happens."
,Recommended,265610,23858861,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sunny D,"This is a fun JRPG that doesn't mess around with any of the nonsense most of the newer ones have. If you can get over the cutsey graphics, it's a great time to play a JRPG in the classic turn-based style."
,Recommended,265610,20544133,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,That's not a violin,
,Recommended,265610,9301206,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,VestalTempest,Me Gusta
,Recommended,265610,11927788,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,PEGIDA,"Step 1: Stop reading this.Step 2: Scroll upwards.Step 3: Buy the game.In all seriousness, this is a great game.The graphics are not lacking in any way.The sound is probably the best of any game here on steam, courtesy of musical genius HFX.It has smooth gameplay that doesn't require grinding even on the hardest difficulty (Unless you suck).It features a lot of humor such as: ""I call upon mother nature to destroy my enemies! I always recycle so I think I deserve this favor.""The story continues from where the third game left off, and it is as good as you would expect from a fantasy RPG.Nothing is too easy or hard, the difficulties can be changed at will mid-game.All in all, a great game worth buying."
,Recommended,265610,9282462,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Princess Autobalance,"Serious fun as the flash game, even more fun now as a steam game.  Additional content from the free version makes this one all the more worth it.  A recommended play if you're into final fantasy or any other kind of RPG."
,Recommended,265610,9868789,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Taylzx,Took over my life 10/10
,Recommended,265610,24044715,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,JDWAG,"I've always love your games matt, from ebf 2, ebf 3, bullet heaven and bullet heaven 2games like this filled with humor is worthed, got achievement for chicken molester LELyour artwork is just amazing, i remmember when the game first came out and i look at your art worksit inspires me to start drawíngand the soundtracks from halcyonicfalconx never cease to dissapoint me11/10 would keep clicking on natalies boob - ps. it gains pervert achievement"
,Recommended,265610,33227906,Posted: 4 July,all,💗Summer💗,"A person by the name of matt created this amazing game, I'm a fan of rpgs and This one has to be in my top 5 games ever played, also to be honest, i think anna is hot~ * ;c i want herrrrr* ok enough of me talking about this lets get onto the review!!!ProsGreat music!An amazing turn based system, i quite like it~Anna <3you have 4 characters to use and each have a good amount of skills.Bosses that will make you say : Jesus that looks cool or holy hot dogs batman, that is a robot with guns!The Story and the humor is just so  well placed out!a decent level up system and move learning system.ConsSenpai anna isnt real :cEpic mode makes this game turn into a 30 hour grind fest.Those God DANG MAGE DOGS AND MAGE BIRDS!!!!!welp i will cry many tears without anna  in my life :c9.99/10"" She is in the stars somewhere, looking down at me, and i will be looking up at her, She shot me with a cupid's arrow, and now marked with this feeling, love... """
,Recommended,265610,11143976,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Ruxik D. Niemand,"Having over 100 hours of this game outside of steam. Its a very great game to get addicted too.With some Humor and some Epic moves to use on enemies and a somewhat derpy story with cats.The game will test your patience if you try and go through it all in one day.(unless you are playing on easy)It truely deserves the title epic battle fantasy (4)You should also check out this guy's other work from Epic Battle Fantasy 1 through 3, Adventure Story, Battle Royal,Bullet Heaven and other the creator's animations."
,Recommended,265610,13220641,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,snake8898,I loved this game so much that I bought it for 12 dollars.
76561197982400962,Recommended,265610,14043198,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Sorry^^[Scoot],"This is a pretty awesome game! Tons of humor, very colorful and just butt loads of fun!"
76561198044018840,Recommended,265610,12240931,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"Fun, challenging RPG that sometimes breaks the fouth wall and has a great sense of humor. I bloody loved this game. Also, great music."
76561198046553383,Recommended,265610,12280943,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,theikebrawler,EBF4 is a fun RPG with dozens of hours of entertainment. HalcyonicFalconx did an amazing job with the soundtrack and Matt did an amazing job with just about everything else. I would say it is worth the money for the quality and quantity of entertainment provided.
76561198051488426,Recommended,265610,12281237,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Pensive,"This game has boobs. 10/10.But seriously, if you've ever wanted a freaking awesome classic-style RPG this is the thing. The soundtrack is SO GODDAMN EPIC. Like seriously, Epic Battle Fantasy 3 and 4 have my two favorite soundtracks among video games I've played.The mechanics are standard fare, but there's nothing wrong with that. Character designes are very memorable, especially things like the slimes, NoLegs and GodCat.If you're looking for a short RPG to play, this should be your first choice."
,Recommended,265610,24983269,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,TrueWOPR,"A great and fun JRPG that is basically a parody of JRPGs.But my best reccommendation for this game, is to play it yourself on Newgrounds or Kongregate or Armorgames.The game is Free after all, this is the special edition with extra content.I highly recommend buying this though if you like the base game at all. :)Looking very much forward to the fifth installation."
,Recommended,265610,12405285,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,EasyAI,"This game I got on sale for 6.49, but I would probably be willing to pay 15~ for it.  Fun and challenging battle system with casual - hardcore difficulties, and seemingly lots of endgame content.  It's a lot of fun, and pretty strategic.  Commentary in the game definitely makes the whole thing that much more worthwhile :D"
,Recommended,265610,11622142,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Carlos,really good bruh
76561198042589323,Recommended,265610,9285576,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ASP Ian,This game is awesome.Funny. And just awesome.
,Recommended,265610,15593462,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Pyrelinile,"Fantastic game!While I am extremely against any Flash-based games coming to Steam, this is definitely one of very few that I'd ever want to see on Steam.It includes cards and achievements, so what is not to like?Keep up the games Matt; really looking foward to EBF5!"
,Recommended,265610,18105813,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,BAD | CaptainJala,"A game like this is quite commonly found, but this game makes it more original with the humor, characters, and gameplay.There's an adventure aspect to it, probably the most important part, where you have to move around the map and get to the next area.There's a turn-based fighting part, which includes bosses, mini-bosses, and just enemies. There's buffs and debuffs, along with amazing attacks that deal massive damage, and a character-special 'final smash' move.You can level up and upgrade your attacks, while increasing health and mana.Upgrade your weapons with materials found on your journey, or bought from a local town.Permanently upgrade stats with unique and rare foods to help in battle.Find key items to help progress through the map.Blatant love for cats!I could go on and on, it's full of great features!TLDR: This game is amazing, funny, interactive, and mixes all types of gameplay, with several unique aspects!9/10"
76561198038552111,Recommended,265610,20835201,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Phruler,Very good game
,Recommended,265610,20009808,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,csgolive.com I suck,Great Game.
76561197967463415,Recommended,265610,9296095,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,haxzu,best pokemon game of my life
,Recommended,265610,15909351,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ZoopBoopLoop,"Lighthearted, thrilling, and fun all the way to the end. I played it on Kongregate first, but having it here to play whenever is worth paying for. A wonderful game with a fantastic soundtrack to boot."
,Recommended,265610,11916127,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,[The] Jumbaco,Great game. Buy to support the developers.
76561198035650635,Recommended,265610,28080160,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kontrabida,"32 hours and still yet to complete the main story.Price:I think I bought this at less than Php200 or about $4 at steam's 2016 autum saleGameplay:a good and silly turnbased game. You will be forced to change gears to accomodate each section of the map, or you know, overlevel yourself. So many items and skills to choose from.Story:existent but not super importantTags:Orbs, Cat stuff, Jiggle Physics, Animated ultimatesVerdict:Whether you Buy this at steam sale or during normal days, you'll get hours of fun."
,Recommended,265610,31227892,Posted: 18 April,all,bjorn_altenburg,"It's a good simple turn based game. Is it worth the price, wait for a sale, the purchase goes to helping make EFB5. It's not really a story heavy game most of the fun is in the combat and bosses."
76561198189627757,Recommended,265610,15997884,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,tebi1234,i love dis game
76561198019280035,Recommended,265610,15538414,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,"parsifals, esq","Straightforward jrpg... I didn't think it was as amusing as most people seem to have but I enjoyed it thoroughly and would recommend--if it appeals to you and you've gotten far enough to see this review, it will satisfy."
,Recommended,265610,21679674,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Fharo,"I wanted an old-style ff-esque game.  This is that game.  It has an overworld scrolling map like the original zelda, along with the ability to avoid random encounters.  The backtracking to grab items is handled well in items you find throughout the game unlocking easy access to already explored areas.  The puzzles make you think from time to time, and are solvable without having to look up a solution online.  The only thing I wish I had done was make better use of all the different weaponry and items.  It's easy to just level up your favorite items and miss out on some great combat tactics.I got the game on sale, but I think this game is well worth the normal asking price.  If the author creates and epic battle fantasy 5, I will definitely be a buyer."
76561198022554058,Recommended,265610,14912587,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,krunchy1736,"Almost to the end of the story, I think. I love jrpgs and there aren't that many good ones on Steam or the PC for that matter. But then there is EBF4. The story isn't much to write home about but it's still cute and the writing is pretty humorous with tons of references to other classic games.  The world is pretty big and each area is unique and has plenty of different types of monsters. Crafting is simple and straightforward but satisfying and there are tons of skills to choose from.I have two very big complaints however. There is no controller support. Which is a shame because I wanted to sit back and relax whilst playing. The other complaint is the UI is a little cluttered. Even after hundreds of battles I can't remember which menu a specific skill is in but that's probably just because I'm dumb.Either way the game is well worth the money and I'm will be playing it any time I need to satisfy my jrpg urges."
76561197998932812,Recommended,265610,9266249,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Boogeyman,"very good game, interesting story, balanced combat, awesome stylealso includes epic battles and humor"
,Recommended,265610,9274012,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,[BFC] Hippy,Can't recomend this game enough.
76561198179994865,Recommended,265610,14835470,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,hobbest,"english and polish note // angielska i polska recenzjaENG:8/10+- a lot of humor- interesting, absorbing and tough (some of them) battles in turn-based convention- nice and funny story- cool skills and even better 'special 'pet' skills'- easy to get all battle's rules-- some of achievements are almost impossible to get- graphics could be better- a little bit of monotonousI like this game and i recommended it. Price is very low. 30-40h of fun.PL:+- dużo humoru- ciekawe i trudne walki w konwencji based-turned- ciekawa fabuła- fajne skille, szczególnie 'pet skille'- łatwe zasady walki-- niektóre acziwmenty praktycznie nie do zdobycia- grafika średnia- troszkę monotonna (ale tylko momentami)Gierka tania, polecam. Daje radę :) 30-40 godzin gry."
,Recommended,265610,15121018,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Blue Jello,"A must-buy, must-play game.I highly suggest playing the first Epic Battle Fantasy games (you can find those online) for the sake of the storyline and getting to know some of the characters.This game made me laugh out loud more than once with its fourth-wall breaking and really bad jokes.The gameplay itself is absolutely fantastic in every conceivable way. It's smooth, engaging, and there are a lot of challenges that'll keep you on your seat for a long, long time (from puzzles to bosses on Epic difficulty). The artwork is cute, and so is the plot. And finally, the characters are absolutely lovable and memorable, with each one having a unique (and sometimes unusual) personality.One of the best games I've ever played, and though it will probably not come out, I do hope that Matt creates an Epic Battle Fantasy 5. I really wanna get to know Anna more as a character, and I kinda wanna see some possibility of some relationships blooming!"
,Recommended,265610,15616160,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Maverick,"I honestly have a feeling that all the negative reviews are from people who've never even bothered playing the other 3 games and know nothing about the engine that was used for this or even gave it an actual chance. It wasn't RPGMaker so you obviously fail for trying to compare Kupo to a ""reddit RPG Maker /b/tard"". If anything since you know reddit so well that you used categories and seen for yourself how people are on there then you must be one of said ""/b♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"".This game is literally an indie RPG masterpiece referencing all types of games and genres and heavily Final Fantasy referenced. I played this mostly on Kongregate and the moment it was on Steam I bought it. The OST is AMAZING. I listen to it all the time at work. Halcyonic Falcon X aka Phyrnna <3 I love you <3. You can get all the EBF4 music on her YouTube or Spotify channels. Maybe Pandora, I don't know because I don't use Pandora. You can also get the soundtrack from the Steamapps folder of this game too.I've been a long time fan since EBF1 and Bulletheaven.I can't stress how awesome this game is for what it is. There's actually A LOT to do in it and you can easily upgrade EVERYTHING. However I'm missing like 1 piece of armor I think, I can't remember but I read something about it only being available at a certain time? I forgot the full details of it. It's a well known question a lot of people have been asking about in the game because they can't 100% the armor collection. Still haven't figured it out yet.The thing about this game is, if you want to speed through the game, you can change the games difficulty to easy. The only difference the game makes is the damage you receive from enemies and how much health they have. Basically just a stat difference. There isn't anything too significant unless you're trying to get all the achievements in-game. The game doesn't seem to give you extra rewards after battles, just the overall challenge of the fights. I usually find it easier when I'm trying to rush through the game to just set the game on easy until I get to a boss fight because a lot of the enemy fights tend to get pretty tedious over time the I crank up the difficulty to hard or something because I can't do epicyet and I'm on my second playthrough. This game does have pretty good replayability to it. Especially the fact that you need to clear the game 3 times in order to get the achievement. However that 5m damage achievement is insane. I can't seem to pull that off with the Revenge skill when everybody but Matt is dead and Matts near dead while atk buffed. I guess I just need to farm for atk stat boost items.I honestly give it a 9/10 for me only, because some of the non-boss battles can get really tedious and it does lose entertainment value after awhile. It's good to play this game for a few hours a day unless you decide to play on easy  the entire time until boss fights show up and crank up the difficulty.But in general I give this game a 10/10 just because of how well made it was by 1 man and how well the music is for the game by 1 woman. It's definitely a masterpiece indie RPG.I can't really find anything wrong with it in general. Just a few personal afflictions I had that shouldn't affect a lot of other people as much as me."
,Recommended,265610,15879861,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Luna Luck,"Probably one of the funnest RPG series I have been able to enjoy from start to finish. matt-like-swords (kupo707) and Phyrnna make an excellent combination for gaming and music respectively.  Cats, swords, boobs, and summons ahoy. Fantastic game and I would recommend to others.~"
,Recommended,265610,16147933,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,eltee,"(8/10) Its a cute little jrpg style game with a nice hand drawn look, surprisingly good music, and quite a bit of replayability.  Its not especially deep but it is fun and i've gone through the whole thing twice now."
,Recommended,265610,16625384,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Nornal Jacional,"Great turn-based RPG, massive variety of skills, summons, buffs and debuffs.secrets and sidequests scattered everywhere and lots of optional boss fights.Awesome animation for the more powerful skills and really fun dialogs and references.highly recommend to buy it even it can be played on browser."
76561197993780180,Recommended,265610,11293198,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,rpgarcher,"A solid JRPG.  It understands that too much trash isn't fun, and that variability of trash is.  The system is cute, and all the mechanics work pretty well.  No complaints, but it didn't blow my mind either"
,Recommended,265610,25556757,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MaxiSlays,The most fun you can have with your clothes on. Or even completely naked.
76561198088884868,Recommended,265610,25199429,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Finnish Retard Lion,IS GOOOD
76561198007047071,Recommended,265610,10820964,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jonus,Yep the game's great and all...but the soundtrack is worth the price of entry alone.
,Recommended,265610,33282612,Posted: 5 July,all,DragoZeroNova,"Awesome game that made me crack up time to time, and has made my personal list of favorite games, can't wait to see epic battle fantasy 5!"
,Recommended,265610,33220651,Posted: 4 July,all,advertiser | gift-drop.com,fun.
76561198068193713,Recommended,265610,15975844,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Gira,"I molested a chicken, made someones boobs jiggle, stole multiple panties which I then gave to someone, and killed myself and did nothing about it, all of which gave me achievements.10/10 would play again(oh and i should mention that the guy who made this also made a bullet hell game called ""bullet heaven"", and that the rest of the epic battle fantasy games are available for free online)"
,Recommended,265610,10741306,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dustpuppy2505,So far it's as entertaining as cthulu saves the world. I definitely recommend this game to those of you looking to play a fun rpg that isn't going to leave you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and angry.
76561198058375693,Recommended,265610,27000445,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Everything is fake news,"Nominated for ""Best use of farm animal"" steam award, because what you do to farm animals in this game is abosutely beautiful."
76561198066745288,Recommended,265610,15325310,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Salty Spike,"Warning,♥♥♥♥♥♥review trying to be funny incoming:Holy ♥♥♥♥ this game is amazing. If you are a fan of oldschool turnbased JRPGs, you will love this, the games light heartedness & humour really does it for me. It still has the cliche ""Oh no the world is going to end unless we kill a god or something"" storyline but it has a slight twist, while the game doesnt take itself even the slightest bit serious.Unlike Final fantasy where its like ""You MUST defeat the main villian because he WILL destroy the world and ONLY YOU, a 15 year old kid or something, can defeat him! Along with your companions of, a dog, another member, a machine gun armed guy, and Bewwwbs (Come on you must know who I'm referencing there).While this game is like ""Oh no the world will be destroyed by an evil god, who is a cat. Who has other cats which will kill you... Yeah. Oh and also you can get an achievment for poking a woman with large breats enough. Have fun!""But yeah, I fell in love with the series after finding it from EBF 3. The game has been massively improved from that one & many more things have been added. Usually, I find it crappy where games have a crafting system where its not needed, *COUGH* (Alien: Isolation) *COUGH*, but this game does it perfectly, it is an optional thing to do, all it does is make your equipment better & you can easily buy most of the materials needed from the shops. This game also has quite a few references to other games too, like the Tr*force badge.This is droning on, I'll shut up now. Over all review, buy it.EDIT: No I am not correcting horribly spelt words & poor grammar. I'm lazy :P"
,Recommended,265610,12384352,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Clank132 (not dead),i love the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this games series to find out that i could get it on steam was mind blowing 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/5 (ilike it alot)
,Recommended,265610,12297089,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,200% Done,Can be a panty thief 10/10
76561198047598897,Recommended,265610,32752837,Posted: 24 June,all,Turista,Best Flash Game Ever
76561198002262899,Recommended,265610,12208404,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Skibidi,It has one crucial aspect that a lot of new games lack...It's fun.10/10
,Recommended,265610,26062964,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Butler,You can play it for free too.just bought it to support this guy.Great game.
76561198116909451,Recommended,265610,27858065,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chocolate ferret,I nominated this game for the 'Best Use of a Farm Animal' award
,Recommended,265610,10098881,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Holo Winga,I'm the favourite of this game since 2013!!!! THANKS MATS!!!!! I ALWAYS BUYS EPIC BATTLE FANTASY 4 AND ALSO HalcyonicFalconX ;D!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198025552313,Recommended,265610,12065500,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Schist,"Good game, but make sure to take a break. Game can crash when playing for extended periods of time, which is kinda annoying during boss fights."
,Recommended,265610,12088423,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,electroShogun,"A lovely parody of classic RPGs like Final Fantasy, done in a memorable way. The dialogue is hilarious, and the art is wonderfully cartoony. I'm constantly discovering new things to do. And the story is surprisingly long for a flash game. I'm 10 hours in, and I haven't completed the game yet, having only just reached the final area. I highly recommend this game for any fans of RPGs, as well as anyone who loves a good laugh."
76561198069685070,Recommended,265610,12227230,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,impietyisthelastmistake,"Your typical jrpg with a self-aware flair.  It might not be amazing, but it does few things poorly and comes complete with an absolutely amazing sound track.  At 20 bucks, I'd be tempted to say pass, but as it's only going to cost you 12$ at full price, I'd definitely say go for it."
,Recommended,265610,13162066,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Terracrafter,This is easily one of the best games ever created.
76561198155732259,Recommended,265610,13632628,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,kamran2430,"Love it! Don't need to say anymore, it's awesome."
76561198028182854,Recommended,265610,13935259,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Axeing-quashore,"this is a very fun, and funny game. relatively simple to play, but enjoyable. although not very challenging."
76561198043729104,Recommended,265610,12067677,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Andrew,"8/10This game is fantastic, with clever humor and engaging gameplay that puts an interesting, unique twist on turn-based combat. Many times I find myself yearning for this game solely because of it's amazing soundtrack and humor that continually evolves into.... Far more interesting things. Let's just say the giant squids need to be left to sushi, and not as a small area-boss.Definitely recommend, spent a little over 20 hours on it (half of it is just my game left running though) and I can't say it ever bored me."
,Recommended,265610,12135595,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,AdamJB,Very good JRPG that is quite funny. Strongly recommended.9/10Pros:Very funny throughoutSolid turn based combatPlenty of weapons and armor to equipCons:If you started playing a browser version you will have to start over on Steam
,Recommended,265610,13278502,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Cirilla ❤,its real top shelf gamebest jrpg hands downepic mode is really epicpretty much 10/10go buy it now
76561198103644840,Recommended,265610,13590858,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Icarus,This game is insanity... and i love it. Its cute animation wise and the music is decent. Thw window was way too small to begin with but i fixed it in settings. It plays smoothly and has plenty of achievements (some achievement you may not want to get). But it looks like a good game so far and i'm looking forward to more insanity as i play.
,Recommended,265610,13791029,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Quinzark,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is the latest game in the series of flash driven, turn based RPGs by Kupo Games. Its tiny development team, headed by Matt Roszak (Whom is credited for design, art, story and programming).This is a game which should be praised, for the amount of effort put in. The result is a well realised and full RPG experience full of character and heart.The game retains enough nostalgia from old school RPGs but still manages to feel fresh and new. If you’ve ever played any Final Fantasy title pre FFXI you’ll be familiar with this format.It gives a master class in how a turn based system should play along with all the usual elements you’d expect, being able to cast magic, summon other creatures, use items and attack and it does this as well as any JRPG does. Its appeal for me was that this is a finely tuned machine of a game. Usually with turn-based RPGs you eventually become so powerful that nothing is really a challenge, except maybe some bosses but with a combination of a difficulty slider that makes a difference and some well paced scaling of foes, Epic Battle Fantasy 4 keeps you on your toes and makes you think a little bit.I’ve always loved turn based RPGs when done well and RPGs in general, but turn based more so than Action. The reason being it brings an element of strategy with out reliance on quick time events [which i hate]. Epic Battle Fantasy 4 makes full use of the strategic element of the genre.It does this through its use of equipment and skills. The majority of weapons have an elemental effect which will assist you in tearing through enemies that are weak to that element and each piece of equipment has a use, without the collect and discard method used in most games. Weapons can be swapped out in combat also but this will take up a valuable turn to do so. Not only that, you won’t be receiving that free ride through an area.The skill and specials pool is a very well implemented way of customising your characters and their skillset. Skills can only be learned by that specific character and specials can be learned by all, but only one character may have it at any one time. Once again, brings some difficult decisions forward. You can also equip the characters with items that will provide passive bonuses or abilities within battle, another little customisable option for balancing your team some buffing characters and some casting abilities at dice-rolled intervals. Gone, in this game, is any idea of an “Ultimate” weapon. For me, that’s refreshing. Each weapon can be upgraded as you collect items from combat or treasure.The characters are well written and interact nicely. The personalities feel genuine and It seems like they are inspired by or based in some way on friends of the developer. At times they do act like close friends who have a lot of fun in each other’s company. This game is no doubt a labour of love and the small team at Kupo Games must have poured a lot of time into this game. It is increasingly rare to see triple-A games give this creative warmth, probably due to the size of the teams but Steam lets this flourish.There are a lot of small gestures and references that experienced RPG fans will appreciate showing a good dose of humour. From the snow covered Djinn from Golden Sun in Whitefall Town to the name of some of the achievements you can gain for using new items they flow through the whole game well.Epic Battle Fantasy’s achievement/medal system is well implemented. Some are very difficult to obtain, some pretty much laughing in the face at how ridiculous achievement systems are. When combined with the bestiary gives you that feeling of collection that a lot of games look past. It makes you want to collect them, this is important.A game by a turn-based RPG fan, for turn-based RPG fans, this will likely not appeal to those who only play Shooters or Wii Fit games but give it a chance and it may well draw you in.To wrap up, Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is an absolutely fantastic game, made even more impressive by the huge contribution by Matt Roszak.It is a game i’ve played over the Christmas holidays and will likely play again soon. With a Newgame+ option it is set up well for this. The art is soft and friendly, the enemies range from menacing to adorable. The mechanics are solid, the story is well written, the characters engaging and the experience is enjoyable.It can also be bought for next to nothing because ‘Steam’.4 Ferrets out of 5"
76561198054071991,Recommended,265610,13848169,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Kalixin,"This is the first and probably one of the very few reviews I will bother doing - Because its rare for me to fidn a game I enjoy this much. I have been following Matt (Kupo, the creator)and playing his games for a few years now. Bullet Hell, EBF3, EBF4, and a few other titles. I have to say, this fourth installment of EBF is the best. The game gets better every single time. each game has more equipment, strategies, monster and boss variety, skills, and medals. There is no way to express how much I really enjoy this game. There are tons of light-hearted jokes, and meme references. Also, there are a ton of referneces from old school games and shows - especially pokemon. ""Don't thing too hard - you may hit yourself in confusion."" ""IM NOT THAT DUMB.""........"" Weak generic bat enemy used wing attack!... It wasn't very effective."" Littlle things like that (and there are tons of them) make this game so much more enjoyable. Also, Matt ridicules himself and the game several times through his characters. He doesn't take himself or the game too seriously, yet he makes every aspect of it near flawless. Its one of the few games I can actually sit through more than once and do it multiple times. Also, the ability to switch from easy to♥♥♥♥♥♥instantly is great. Some might think its cheap, but honestly, you only get achievements on epic... no need to fight 1000s of monsters that mean nothing on epic when on the bosses matter on that difficulty.ProsSkill varietyMonster varietyEquipment varietyStrategy (You will get crushed... especially on Epic difficulty... if you don't think before you act)HumorAchiements/medalsEndless monsters and challengesPuzzlesMultiple charactersTons of secrets and hidden chestsLots of questsGraphics (pretty intense for a flash game)Music (and they say video games don't have real music)New game+ and several difficulties, along with ability to switch difficulty whenever.Large map. Seemlessly merges together once you open all pathways. Lots to explore and discover.ConsSometimes choppy on steam. Probably not the game's fault. Plays fine on Kongregate.A lot of backtracking and memorizing. I personally don't mind this, but some might. There is a walkthrough for this game on kongregate if you cant find something or get stuck on a boss.10000/10."
,Recommended,265610,14307677,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,hoboshoe,Well I first played ebf3 years ago online and loved it then i played the sequel... It was great! When I found it was on steam I knew I had to get it. Kids remember the first thing you need to do after unlocking natz is get the pervert achievement
,Recommended,265610,10684896,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Killer Rabbit,This is a fantastic game. There's just something about this game that has me hooked.I love the humor which is just right in that it doesn't try to hard and isn't repetitively obnoxious. It doesn't take too long to level and so far (at 8 hours in) doesn't feel overly grindy. It scratches that JRPG without the terrible grind. I'm also loving the art / feel of this game. The variety of outfits is nice and they also look great. The creatures are cute.
,Recommended,265610,11492005,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Larania,"Clicked natalie's b**bies, best interaction ever11/10"
,Recommended,265610,9993161,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Trilliant Revengeance,"*Revised*Old review can be found here:http://pastebin.com/gT51U0zYLike JRPG combat but hate the melodramatic stories or overtly anime plots that only appeal to otakus?Want a RPG that's honest to god funny without pointing out all the cliches we see in RPGs?Epic Battle Fantsy 4 is for you!With a deep combat system that's very much based off Final Fantasy, but with enough nuances to make it its own and an interesting equipment system that allows for more replayability, unlike in most RPGs, one sword or peice of armor isn't ""better"" than others simply cause you find it later in the game, each have their own pros and cons that allows for extra experimentation and strategy.Oh and the music is pretty great too, not the best in the world but is definitely worth a listen."
,Recommended,265610,23780653,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Brickman,"Fun stereotypical RPG with cute characters that you can slightly customize. I reccomend getting it on a sale, for you can find a more bare-bones (read: three less costumes and other minor items) version on the internet as a flash game."
,Recommended,265610,10930834,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,x2Madda,"Wow this game is good.It is probably my favorite RPG of 2014.It's deep, it's solid and it is as easy or hard as you want it to be. Like Bravely Default you can switch difficulty at any time with no consequence. You can run from any battle everytime including boss battles, when you scan an enemy it stays scanned in future battles, items are clearly sorted based on type and effect, in-fact if you were to describe everything you hated about RPG's in the past 5 years, this game takes all of those things and removes them replacing them with something better.If I had one wish, it would be that the game was on a better engine with better presentation and that more people heard of this game because it is truely an underrated classic.Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews"
,Recommended,265610,9262290,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Zergem,Plenty of fun to be had with bright cartoonish graphics and a mighty sound track!
,Recommended,265610,9265487,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Kirbister,"If ever there was a game to buy, it'd be this one. If youre unsure, you can check out the free version online, but this version has extra content(some of which includes the full soundtrack)which is definitely worth the purchase in my book. The creator of this game has been making some of the best flash games ive seen for quite some time, and for him to actually get a game on here just shows how well made this game is. Buy this game, you will not regret it"
76561198039594291,Recommended,265610,9261409,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,zerotaine,"It is hard to believe this game is made by one person, you would think a team of about 20 at least is necesary for such detailed craftmanship. I bought the game to enjoy the extra steam features and finish it in hard mode and up :3 its very entertaining and it scratches that rpg itch one has for good oldschool rpgs a la old final fantasy titles (6 and bellow) i highly recomend it, this game only comes second to bravely default in rpg goodness."
76561198030993489,Recommended,265610,9262876,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,/dev/NULL>skydart,"I am really glad that I gave this a try - it's pure fun! Nice graphics, great music, funny dialogues, fine-tuned turn-based battles, lots of skills, upgradable weapons and armor... its a pure gem! Also exceptionable are the many medals/achievements you can get - and many of them will make you smile (e.g. I almost fell off my chair laughing, after I poked some chicken).For the price - it's totally okay for me. Yes, I have read that there is some free version out there - but I like this game and so it's just a fair way to support  the developer. After all - that might help to get another great game like this coming..."
,Recommended,265610,9263606,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,-3xA'Salazaar,"The Epic Battle Fantasy series has been and always is, EPIC. A great Turn based RPG with a good story line, amazing animations, great music, god the list can go on but I'm in a hurry to play more of this game.. So all I can say is BUY IT!! Well worth the $12!"
76561198071778168,Recommended,265610,12963649,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,AngelKiller,A fun but tedious 100%. As usual in rpgs...
,Recommended,265610,10926605,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,FaZe Battle Cat,This game shows how indepth turn bassed battle can be.
,Recommended,265610,14506773,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Retribution925,Can be hard but it's fun.  The amount of jokes and innuendos will push you through the game.
,Recommended,265610,14555508,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,flameSandwich,*click* *jiggle* *click* *jiggle* *click* *jiggle* *click* *jiggle* *click* *jiggle* *click* *jiggle* *click* *jiggle* *click* *jiggle* *click* *jiggle* *click* *jiggle* *achievement unlocked*i r8 10/8 m8
,Recommended,265610,23491761,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Cringelord Bob,"Great characters, dialogue, and memes. Can't forget the memes."
76561198014013756,Recommended,265610,19418216,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Anria,"Having almost finished the game, I'm more ambivalent about it now than when I started. The fights are fun and the puzzles are simple but plentiful, which is good, but the game's humour rapidly becomes tired and obvious. Boob jokes and casual lechery aren't just sexist and stupid, they're also dull and show a serious lack of creativity.I'm still recommending this game because the gameplay is good fun, but I recommend skipping through as much of the dialogue as you can, because it's just too boring to bother with."
12345677654321123,Recommended,265610,15289399,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,The DEMOPAN of PANDINIUM,"Okay, so, theres three senarios on why you'd want this game:1. You completed theFree Flash VersionAnd Wanted To Find Some More Adventure In The Same Game! And, Yes, This Is Extended - But Not Exactly How You'd Think.. (You May Not Have Completed It.)2. You Are An Epic Battle Fantasy Fan And Find It On Sale Here, Ready To Buy. You Didn't Play No.4, Yet Alone Know It Was On Steam, Or You Didn't Even Know No.4 Was Out!3. You Are Looking For A Decent RPG Game, Or A Friend Recommended It, And You Come Across This. You Would Have Purchased It Already If You Didn't Notice The Big Fat""4""Tag On It, Emplying Its A Further Installment In The Series And Had Such High Pricing, So You Look At Reviews.Well, I sayALLof the above is why you should get this game! To support the maker, To play a new game, and to have fun with a fresh game to you. The story is a continue fromEpic Battle Fantasy Three,so I recommend playing that first. Maybe the characters will be a little knew even in that game, but you should get used to it. Even in number one the characters werent explained! Once you play that, get this game for:It has cute characters like kitten gods as your main foes, loot that you wouldnt find anywhere else, epic storyline, challenging puzzles, imagination behind the idea, RPG adventure, weapons of extroadinary looks, cutsences with emense artisrty, extended fights, major fun, enchanting music and more! I recommend this game for all of that.The exclusive content to the full PC release on steam are:• Includes Kongregate’s Premium Pack, which adds:•    8 new bosses, 27 new equips, 8 new skills.•    Huge new area to explore.•    Survival mode and boss rush challenges.•    Newgame+ feature, with higher level monsters.• Support for different window sizes and fullscreen resolutions.• Uncompressed audio and various visual improvements; the game looks and sounds better than ever.• Integration with Steam’s achievements, trading cards, and most importantly, cloud saving.• Includes the soundtrack. (26 tracks!)Added Awesomeness: 100%---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------And.The Cute Ones Deserve It!"
76561198047852650,Recommended,265610,33539786,Posted: 14 July,all,Darkghost,I love this game and so should you <3
76561198042219693,Recommended,265610,23860341,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,L.orD,9.5 / 10 :D :D
76561197994477434,Recommended,265610,18008187,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,TacoTsar,Doing it for the XP....
,Recommended,265610,15041554,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,AlwaysLoading,"Very fun game, with an amazing art style, a great storyline and an fantastic soundtrack. However you can just play this game for free onKongregate.com, but this game is definitely worth paying for."
,Recommended,265610,18184601,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Milarky,"Wow, this game is fun... and big! I'm amazed it's just a Flash game. If you're a fan of the old-school Final Fantasy games, this game is for you, especially if you like cats. :3 It's very rewarding, too, since the visuals are fantastic, the writing is fun, and the battles are tense (especially toward the end). I can't count the number of times when I was sure I was going to lose, but I somehow managed to get it together just enough to crawl to victory.The final boss is the most tense battle I've ever fought in an RPG. The game does its best to kill you, but there's this tiny sliver of hope, and every turn feels like it will be your last. When victory finally comes, you will know it's because you tore it from the the maw of defeat with your bare hands.At least, that's how I felt. Hopefully, I'm not just bad. :P I'm sure I could have leveled up more, but the pacing of the game made it feel like this was where I was supposed to be, and that feeling persists through the entire game. Grinding is minimal, and I only did it when I just felt like bashing some heads in for fun.Get it. Get it, now!"
76561198052090051,Recommended,265610,14521361,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Pheralg,"do you like the old Final Fantasy games?do you like easter eggs and jokes?do you like turn based fights with a bit of strategic element?do you like customizing your characters skills and gears?Then look no further! this game is for you! I was seriously amazed by this game...fun,light-hearted,with an excellent battle system (you can change difficulty anytime if you look for a challenge),and an awesome...AWESOME soundtrack!"
,Recommended,265610,14678726,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Longshot Lizard,Addictive and fun. Its a really cute game. 10/10
76561198059020484,Recommended,265610,12619591,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,WillSP,"if your woried about it not being free don't wory the content is worth it, besides if your realy that cheap to even CONSIDER going back to kongregate then this game aint fo you"
,Recommended,265610,14703770,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Senator Booty,"Great game with stellar gameplay, loads of in-depth customization, and a robust crafting system. That being said, the characters and dialogue are pretty one-sided and the author really overdoes it on the casual misogyny and slurs. Fun game if you're able to overlook the fact that the cookie-cutter story sounds like it was written by a thirteen-year-old boy who's just discovered porn."
,Recommended,265610,14883143,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Snetzel,what should i say... oh its a reaaaaallly good game i love it.its makes fun everytime and you can play it over ond over again just great.
,Recommended,265610,13829678,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TOYSIPO2,"Quite enjoyable, and very nostalgic as I had played the previous three installments which were flash games. Reminiscent of the RPGs of old, with unique new twists. Offers an arcadey experience with a plot as intricate as the Mario franchise, so you don't really need to worry about getting caught up or anything since anywhere you start is pretty much all you really need to know.Like I said, a very arcade experience for those who want good, strategic combat out of their RPGs. Multiple difficulty levels which can be changed outside of combat. Alot of the game will be you having epic combat in a fantasy setting, but I suppose the title could have told you that much.This game gives plenty of replay value, despite the 28 hours I clocked in at the time of this review, I haven't finished a single playthrough yet. Provided, I did alot of mucking about with sidequesting and took my sweet time, and if I went straight for the final boss things could have been done quicker, but this game features a whole host of battles that aren't part of the main map and further enhances the whole ""arcade"" view point.Although, by no means is this game tedious just because you fight things alot; the main focus of the game is RPG combat, as referenced by the title, and it delivers.People have said there's a free flash version of this game, and there is; but it doesn't include the content this has. Said content is the particuarly large ""Battle Mountain"" portion which has a HUGE amount of content, and this version supports up to three newgame+ runs, with enemies scaling with player level each NG+. This also runs better than the flash version, which is a given due to being a stand alone client now. The dev also did a good job with the previous three flash installments, so why not show him a little love? Alternatively, you could purchase the ""full verison"" on kongregate and play it there, but I feel that's less optimal. It's cheaper, but it's still going to be in flash there and ultimately not asDespite not having a indepth story, which isn't a bad thing mind you, the characters were still interesting to me. Graphics are pleasantly cartoony and colorful, with lots of detail and style.Also, unlike the flash version, this has cloud saving, so temporary internet file shenanigans won't muck anything up.Also features comedy and good times!Ultimately, this was a good buy. I forget whether I got this on sale or not, but looking at the price I'd call it worthy of twelve dollars. On the other hand, I am a real scrooge, so I prefer to save as much money as possible when I buy things."
,Recommended,265610,14711695,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Maga Nosferatu,"The 4th Installment of an epic series.This game is really reminiscent of the old classics with an added touch of fun and humor. The BGM's were also amazing and is included in your steam folder so you can chill with it if you want to.Verdict: A great fun game, I would buy it even if it is twice the price.I strongly recommend this to everyone."
76561198048347334,Recommended,265610,14683992,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Up All Night To Git Gud,Loved the 3rd one when I played it. This is great. Glad I can finally give you some money for this thing.
76561198117846610,Recommended,265610,14718952,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Captain Dubstep Cookiez,"So i played the flash version of the series, i loved it really fun quick jrpg, then when i saw this game on sale i was like ;DDDDDDDD then i bought it, i start it, takes me to a language screen, i pick english then THE SCREEN GOES BLACK , i thought oh prob loading so i watch utube for about 45 mins then.... nothing, so i think, lets restart it, nothing happens, so i liked the flash version i would've liked this game, Edit: I reinstalled the game, fixed it, but, i just didnt enjoy it , well i feel like its a very nice jrpg not made by square , 7.5/10"
76561198068471336,Recommended,265610,14671761,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,IndeterminateAmountOfHell,"A pop-culter-referencing Indie RPG? Sure, I'm game.The Good-BRILLIANT dialogueSimplistic, yet tricky-to-master combatQuite creative in terms of enemies and other charactersKICKASS soundtrackAnimated boobs (Suck it, Mirror's Edge)BRILLIANT comedy, balancing pop-culture referencing with 4th wall breaksThe Bad-Graphics are kinda ""Meh""Not much in terms of endgame contentINCREDIBLY frustrating at times (Looking at you, Godcat)Aforementioned 4th wall breaks MAY get a tad repetitiveThe Ugly-Pikachu murder. (In Greenwood Village, I believe)"
,Recommended,265610,23476812,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,"Gumn, King of the Furries",I have put almost 180 hours of my life into this amazing game.b   o   i
,Recommended,265610,26169052,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ElephantHero,just take my twelve dollars :)
,Recommended,265610,22880605,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,[Zuu],"Natz is my favorite character. There are at least two things I really like about her, but I can't quite put my finger on them in fear of getting slapped.Can't wait for EBF5. ♥"
,Recommended,265610,22857268,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,MisterSheepy,I used to play the older games on flash sites all the time. It really brought back the humor I remembered from those and the battle system was similar. I would say it's worth the money.
,Recommended,265610,16420004,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Marlfox,"9/10Wow so good! Inspired by some the best JRPG games such as Golden Sun and Final Fantasy, Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is a modern hit and success! I have enjoyed my time fully and have found the content and gameplay to be satisfying. The only cons I can think of is no Steam overlay and sometimes a little choppiness. Thankfully the game's playstyle doesn't require more optimization but it would be nice. All around a pretty smooth game and definitely fun!I do wish more games would come out like Golden Sun...so underappreciated."
,Recommended,265610,12119593,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Konoko,"Eh.I liked EBF3 better.I've been following this game series for a long time now, so when EBF3 came out it 'wowed' me in a way that EBF4 simply cannot - being that it's exactly the same game, but with a new character (who doesn't add to the max count of players on the field). It feels like a new game. But, at the same time, I suppose instead of innovating, it's simply... more content. Coupled with a map that's of a decent size, yet feels surprisingly small. That, and of all the swords that we've got still in the game even from EBF1, no Soul Eater. My absolute favourite sword is not here. That makes me a very sad cookie. Soul Eater, featured in every game up until but excepting this one. Very fun because of the drastic reduction in survivability stats, but a huge increase in damage.I'm only 17 hours in, at the final boss, and I expect to be here for a while longer, simply because I'm gonna need to grind up a whole bunch more XP off... something, and a whole bunch more money, off... something, since I expect I am going to need a pile of it to upgrade every piece of equipment I need so I can finally beat the boss.Now let's get something straight. I don't mind grinding. I play Disgaea 1. Yeah, play. Not played. I'm still going.But in EBF4... for some reason, I'm not really enjoying the grinding. I'm not really certain why. I spent hours upon hours finishing up EBF3, and it was incredibly satisfying to finally tick every box, but with EBF4, I'm struggling to work up the effort to beat the final boss.Why do I recommend this game?I recommend it because it's a good game. It really is. It's a $12 JRPG-type game, it's great fun, and it's terribly, wonderfully simple in scope. It's exactly what it looks like, a turn-based JRPG. If you like turn-based JRPGs, you will like this one.If your finger is hovering over that 'Add To Cart' button, and you're just not sure, then give Epic Battle Fantasy 3 a go. It's free, and a good representation of what you're going to find if you purchase EBF4."
,Recommended,265610,25313577,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TheDangerZone,Pure gold
76561197987414906,Recommended,265610,25321076,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,theguyB,Awesome Game i want more ^^
76561198048251864,Recommended,265610,22716566,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Juicy_John,Absoulutely amazing game! Would defienetly recommend if you are into RPG style games with alot of humor and things todo!
76561198015186142,Recommended,265610,22768759,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sandbucket,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4 despite its quirks is a reasonably well made JRPG with a solid combat system that comes with interesting itemization(optimization for fights ahoy!). Sadly I found the story rather lacking. Obviously it makes fun of many stereotypes in the genre and overal tries to make jabs at how easy our heroes mow through zones while npc's pretend like it's all ever so hard...In the end I cannot help but feel that the lack of any kind of story to get invested into really hurts the game since it really only has the gameplay going for it. When a serious game makes a joke or two you can really appreciate them since they contrast with the serious nature of the game. Epic Battle Fantasy 4 sadly makes a joke out of everything which ends up making everything unfunny.So is the game worth playing? I bought it for about €3,00 or so and I'd say the 25 hours I got out of it were easily worth it. Get it at a discount and you'll have fun without trying to justify the price. I enjoyed the game since it has solid combat and itemization but it's not going to be something people will talk about much since storytelling is often such a strong part of JRPG's and it simply hurts the game not having much of any."
,Recommended,265610,15771714,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,(O.W.N) Platypus God,"Beautiful.Just beautiful.Everything is beautiful.Nothing glitches (except cosmic monolith, who the in game players state he glitches).The soundtrack too.Edit:I lied.Something VERY powerful glitches.Also, don't bother with Lance, you'll most probably just keep him in backup for most of the game."
76561198088161846,Recommended,265610,18012864,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,😈JødeFaen!!!!!!!!😈,I love this game to death my childhood memories and feels comes back when I play this game and I adore this game alot
,Recommended,265610,17357244,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,The Dude,"I love the combat system in this game. It's freeform/organic, has surprising depth and every ability has it's uses. There's a ton of enemy variety on display here and they all have some kind of weakness to exploit. Not all of which are the obvious use fire on ice enemy, etc.. The story doesn't take itself seriously in the slightest. Lots of 4th wall breaking and self referential humor. There's a crap ton of hidden items/loot to collect. And for the most part every single new piece of equipment is unique. With it's own stats, element, procs, counters, etc.. The game is pretty linear with a few optional areas to spice things up. And finally, if you crank the difficulty up the game can get pretty challenging. Especially the boss fights. It's easily the best tradition RPG I've come across on steam. Well worth your time."
76561198056517928,Recommended,265610,17126514,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Uncle Waste,A great action rpg game with alot of customization
76561198149475899,Recommended,265610,27447539,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Graf Vergeltung,"EBF4 is a fantastic game for anyone who likes RPGs and laughing. You can spend dozens of hours with it and it doesn't get boring. The fighting system is pretty detailed and even when you finish the game for the first time, you probably won't know all the tricks about it. The graphics are also great, made with lots of time and love.In fact, a very good game for its relatively low price."
76561198212329560,Recommended,265610,25352971,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Joseph264,It's fun.
76561198060065000,Recommended,265610,14962119,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hayther,"I have played and loved the EBF series for a long time, so this may be baised, but I don't care. But first, let me ask you something;In what other game do you get to destroy monsters, no-ecosystemsby using nukes, blackholes, or perhaps making it rain giant fiery swords? Because I can't think of one. If that isn't enough reason to like it, I don't know what you're looking for. But, I can bet you that you can find it in EBF4.Hail Newgrounds. Wait, no. Hail Matt Roszak."
,Recommended,265610,25874593,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,killeroid356,"i couldent get the kongregate save thing to work and couldent transfer my save from near the end of the game near the final boss, was still worth it to play through it all again. 10/10 amazing game and amazing devs!"
76561198205615225,Recommended,265610,25759183,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Botterino Kripperino,"Great game omfg, can't wait for EBF V and I loved the secret boss."
,Recommended,265610,32930258,Posted: 28 June,all,Kazuto Kirigaya❤ csgoroll.com,veri nic game
,Recommended,265610,14254858,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,robot5431,"What can I say about EBF4 that hasn't already been said? The gameplay is fun, the mechanics are great, the graphics look very nice, the humor has 4th wall breaking and overall great writing, and the game doesn't have many problems. There are 100+ achivements, and you feel obligated to collect all of them as a personal challenge. This game is amazing 9.9999999999999999999999/10."
,Recommended,265610,29646121,Posted: 2 February,all,Sato,I have played some web browser version of this game in the past. I just liked it so much when I saw it on steam I had to buy it. It seems like there is more content to it since that. Great game.
,Recommended,265610,24009597,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,greysombra,WHY ARE YOU READY THIS WHEN YOU CAN PLAY IT! Is good.
,Recommended,265610,33097456,Posted: 1 July,all,[P] Insomnia,"9/10, the game might seem like it will get repetative and eventually bore you but it won't. Character design is handed very nicely which is not really so important but it is a plus. One of my  most favorite turn based games. Also cartoony style is very kewl."
,Recommended,265610,17839217,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,z99o,"Pretty much the highest quality flash game you will ever find, tons of fun references."
,Recommended,265610,25199266,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gook Nukem,"As of right now, this game is rated higher than the witcher 3."
76561198088718271,Recommended,265610,34274065,Posted: 16 August,all,W_swney,Very good humourus game. Many achievements to unlock
,Recommended,265610,28014578,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheAznul,"""please don't harass the bacons"" a sign says referring to the pig pen. And many more hilarious moments. Plus a thorough strategy battle system makes for a simple but fun game."
76561198309698290,Recommended,265610,28108596,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,natehasapeashooter bets.gg,Please make steam overlay work.
76561198234155144,Recommended,265610,28261809,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Asriel Dreemurr,This Game is Epic I love it and I hop that the maker of these games gets to 5 soon :3
76561198280128572,Recommended,265610,28131921,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hot Brazzers,this game is just AMAZING
76561198344960027,Recommended,265610,28269502,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,1maN00b,6/5 Awesome!
,Recommended,265610,28004610,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,#Johana,From Newgrounds To Steamu are my idol matt like swords
,Recommended,265610,28030056,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vertibird,"Best game ever, especially if you like cats!"
,Recommended,265610,28311940,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,mike22785,This may not be the greatest game of all-time but it's a very fun game. The only real problem I have is that it can be laggy at times but that's because I'm playing it on an older computer. I highly recommend this game Plan your skill distribution accordingly and select your equipment very carefully.It's a fun game.
,Recommended,265610,23756210,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mesamunefire,Very fun game! Enjoyed every moment.
76561198145560727,Recommended,265610,23336991,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,kat_freak,I love the series and I hope to see the next one pop up on here!
76561198238580474,Recommended,265610,23458214,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,djmanbrony,it was rally fun
,Recommended,265610,16687301,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,FD God,I have never looked forward to a series more then Epic Battle Fantasy.Nor have i felt so satisfied after beating a videogame ever.
76561198141449261,Recommended,265610,27622315,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RayofLight,"Have played through it on Kong.It's a fun game with anime-esque humor.Storyline is fun, but dumb.Great gameplay/visual style, classic turn based rpg."
76561198073994062,Recommended,265610,34947118,Posted: 14 September,all,Kurai Vision,Natalie's Boobs... Anything else there to say?
76561198336357694,Recommended,265610,35039135,Posted: 17 September,all,Night Gamer,epic!!
,Recommended,265610,21070233,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,IceWizard,Epic Battle Fantasy 4?!?! A new addition to the series?! Holy tator tots batman! My review of this quirky fun-loving game is a fancy blue thumbs up for many reasons. The game 100% lives up to the previous games which were free in their own respects but this game being ever worth the price if you enjoyed the series or genre like myself. All in all if you truly enjoy the genre and/or series then I highly recommend this game! :3
76561198076454958,Recommended,265610,32481957,Posted: 16 June,all,Brenden,"I loved this game, I played it 3 diffrent times on medium, hard, and very hard, every time it was one of my favorite gaming experinces and i can't wait for Epic Battle Fantasy 4!"
,Recommended,265610,14999964,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Puskintio,Just play the game...
,Recommended,265610,29123035,Posted: 8 January,all,Ragna,"It is hard to believe but this game(i don´t know how many people worked on it) , is far better then Final Fantasy X-2,XIII,most of the TALES games and tons of JRPGs out there.The way you use elements , buffs , debuffs makes the battles after half game , very interesting and hard.Just finished it in 19h.Price is very low , lenght of the game is great.I hope someday there will be a part 5"
76561198143216788,Recommended,265610,34187933,Posted: 12 August,all,BladeMoralusVEN,"Where The ♥♥♥♥ Is EBF 5, Kupo? #Impatiant #LoveYou #HateHashTagging #Pfft,Fail10/10"
76561198079635795,Recommended,265610,32956918,Posted: 28 June,all,IcedLemon,Its good.
76561198142119519,Recommended,265610,32413337,Posted: 14 June,all,Yolo#husi,9/10Pros-A really good game.Cons-It lags after about a hour of gameplay.
,Recommended,265610,32902835,Posted: 27 June,all,Master Medi,"See the ""Pervert"" Achievement. 10/10"
76561198272426140,Recommended,265610,25609095,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,westzach03,its very fun beat and play again with all weapons but can we make our own charather just like in 3 becasue i cant beat that one
76561198132912382,Recommended,265610,25960895,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Eternal Venge,"Epic 3 is a wonderful RPG game, however it's dispirited the fourth does't support Chinese version. Anyway, I'll wait the Epic 5 comes to us quietly and patiently"
,Recommended,265610,25971408,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,crow inc.,"i freaking love this game and the entire series. i know it says i only have a few hours on record but that's because i already beat it on kongregate before the steam version was released. i'm not coherant enough to really explain why you should buy this game, i'm mostly just putting up this review to boost the review scorecan't just leave it at that. ummm.the game is completely redonk, you start out with wapping things and by the end of the game you'll feel like a demigod with all of the crazy awesome limit breaks. the game is easy to approach and pretty funny and self aware. the art is pretty sweet brothe only things i disliked about the game are only relevant if you've played EBF3:1)managing abilities and character specializations is made more complicated with the edition of a 4th character2)there are more enemies that are super annoying, and less enemies that are super awesome3)i didn't like the ending boss-theme as much as divine madness. i know that's petty as hell, but i REALLY liked that song"
76561198087489183,Recommended,265610,28720466,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Uganda's finest chef,is pretty gud
76561198060446059,Recommended,265610,31258985,Posted: 20 April,all,Fexghadi,EBF4. Enough said.
,Recommended,265610,18518131,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Lady Mint,Easily worth the full price
76561198139716554,Recommended,265610,34281823,Posted: 16 August,all,kutko,Playing on epic mode is playing Dark souls...painful
,Recommended,265610,14760457,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hispanic at the Disco,"Waiting for the Valentine's Shipping DLC. So that everyone's fancanon can finally be canon.Come on Matt, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
,Recommended,265610,23733520,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kraege,Too cute for words
76561198106931128,Recommended,265610,23243042,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Alex,"Fun, cute characters. This game, which can run with flash in your browser, is acually overall better and more enjoyable than the following:Homefront: RevolutionAssassins Creend: All the newer onesAny EA sports game: (Fifa,NHL,ETC)Any EA sports gameYes I said that twiceMost of Wii gamesandThe Witche.. just kidding."
76561198108908550,Recommended,265610,14783988,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Earthspook,"First played EBF2 on Newgrounds, loved it, but wished it was more complex, EBF3 comes out, can't get any better than this. see EBF4 on steam, stop what I'm doing, drive to the store, get a steam card, play for 4 hours straight, get up next saterday, play 7 hours straight, got 54 hours out of 1.5 plays of the main story mode, and this game has a VERY high replay  value, useing new setups, putting skills on diffirent units, and explaoring all the new crap in the extra zone, my only flack with this game is that one, I never needed to use Lance on my first play. Two, wish there were more and more varied skills. Three, would love a challange system where you have to do extra stuff in combat to earn rewards, such as ""Kill at least five foes with one attack"" or ""Use the same attack on the same unit that was weakness to that element 4 times in a row without killing it"" Just a few thing that I think would add to its size. Still overall, worth MORE then you are paying for it, oh and try the third game too. Still kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,265610,35067798,Posted: 19 September,all,Xaelath,I Actually waited for years just to see a sequel for this game during my Junior highschool.
76561198010183549,Recommended,265610,9261860,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,sensei,Totally awesome!
76561198047469378,Recommended,265610,9261436,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,tthow,"awesome! played this on newgrounds, and im really pleased that i bought it! i've just started but i've had a chance to browse the new area, and im super stoked! i really like it in full screen and its worth the buy to both support this guy and if you love the  homage to the old-school games! if you're looking for a laid-back and all around fun game, get it! :D"
76561198212191829,Recommended,265610,23556650,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Zarenillia,It's almost like Pokemon or whatever game you played as a kid. Except it's better than that game.
,Recommended,265610,26007749,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,FaustsFaun,"Just as fun as the other EBF games, but you really have to work hard for money and items. Just throw your hands up and say ""challenge accepted""."
76561198065106154,Recommended,265610,23793813,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hestia<3,I think I play this game for 10  minutebecause this boring graphicso I play this game in internet cafeand buy 1 hour couponbut when I play'your time is nearly out. please buy coupon'and when I see time...3 minute...FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUWHERE IS MY TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!???????????????????์NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,265610,25940827,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Nightheaven,I like cats.
76561197996274829,Recommended,265610,29014715,Posted: 4 January,all,-Wv- lmnoo,"*playing the game for like the 4th time on like newgame+ or sometin* me: this game is way 2 easy.    game: hey, im just gonna glitch ur cloud that the enemies are 6 levels higher than your charecters.        *barley gets past the first fight*       me: thanks game :D 10/10 would suffer again....."
,Recommended,265610,19984685,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Spookyena,"Rest in Peace, Meow Meow.He died to protect the lore."
,Recommended,265610,22877335,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,GeometriCat,i met this game on Kongregate..I fell in love with it..i bought it..i finish it..now im empty..10\10 i love cats
,Recommended,265610,12869782,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Azure,One word. Amazing.
76561197983133112,Recommended,265610,17527956,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,andreasaspenberg575,good game. it is the most expensive though because the others is free. if you like this you should check out the others which is browser based.
76561197989828151,Not Recommended,265610,32206098,Posted: 5 June,all,Cheeseburglar,"Nearly an identical port of the flash game you can play online for free. As an RPG, it is standard. Nothing special about it, story is quite easy to miss and forgettable. There are meme references and little chuckles here and there, but overall I would save your money and play the version on Newgrounds."
,Recommended,265610,28926186,Posted: 1 January,all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,It has cats as GODS 10/10
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,265610,25539527,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Puddle,Its a charming enough game but it just couldnt grab me to finish it. I like all the different system you can play with but it was just missing something unique. I feel like its a lot of elements just mashed into one with an extreme over abundance of items and skills that often make the experience feel more like a slog than it should be.I got about 3/4 of the way through the story but could not bring myself to go any further.
76561198099809061,Recommended,265610,33631684,Posted: 18 July,all,lasagna larry,it's ok
76561197977267103,Recommended,265610,24870979,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Lol. This game runs better than No Mans Sky.Meh, I was just looking around. Saw the No Mans Sky Total FAIL, and a multi-multi-million dollar game (that took many years to develop) and that runs worse than this title.At least this game did not Permaban me for suggesting another month would improve NMS (where No Mans Sky permabanned me for saying that about ir [Even though the DESTRUCTIVE REVIEWS PROVE ME COMPLETELY RIGHT YET AGAIN]).Damn Chimps.No disapointments with Epic Battle Fantasy 4 (even if its partly competeing against the excellent Overwatch)."
,Not Recommended,265610,34201704,Posted: 12 August,all,Grima The Fell Dragon,"I feel conflicted about this game. One hand its more of the same characters as last time with new abilities and more depths, but on the other hand some of  the changes aren't for the better.ProsSummons that everyone can use, meaning you're not relying on one person for needed help.A scan summon that scans all foes on the field meaning no more wasting a turn to find out what an enemy resists or is weak to.A more clearer view of how much damage an element will deal damage or heal an opponent.ConsA worse menu that makes it harder to figure out what an ability does, cost, or if what the element is.A three person battle system that has four people, meaning battles aren't really balanced for the abilities you'll need.A story that is in the beginning worse than the previous game in motivating you to continue.Now I'm still early in the game, but so far this game doesn't make me want to continue and explore. It just feels like the new character, Anna, is somewhat  like a self-insert character. She comes out of nowhere storywise, and our heroes are just okay with her joining them and tagging along.Maybe it gets better later on, but the beginning shouldn't feel like a slog to get through because of a new character and horrendous menu design. If it improves as I play, I'll change the review. But as of right now I can only recommended this game to people new to the series, just so you don't come in with expectations."
,Recommended,265610,12584659,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,PrinceOfZion,Ayyy 10/10 2 edgy 5 me.Play it now or i will kill ur doge.
,Not Recommended,265610,29831898,Posted: 10 February,all,david_shingles,"This game is a perfect example of 'if it isnt broken dont fix it' the previous entries in the series had an exccelnt blend of fun battles and hilarous flavor text/dialouge. While both of those are still present, and I would argue even better in this game, the overworld was poorly implimented and really dragged the game down for me."
,Recommended,265610,28462275,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Fishbun,i got ♥♥♥♥ed up on research chems during this one. took a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of 4-FA when i was drinking and beat it in one go
,Not Recommended,265610,22468089,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Stormfromtheheart,"I could hardly get through the first half before I became utterly bored. I didn't like the artstyle or the humor (which was clealy the selling point). Unless it's where your interests are, I would not reccomend."
76561198321282055,Not Recommended,265610,32705823,Posted: 23 June,all,Pajama Sam,"Before I say anything, this is the first Epic Battle Fantasy game I have played, and thus should be taken into consideration about my review.It might be my fault for misunderstanding the trailers and screenshots of gameplay that I have seen before buying the game, but I had originally believed that the game would use a character creator to build your party and be able to give your characters personalities around it (perhaps I have been playing too much of another RPG which lets you do so).My disappointment is sadly turning me away from this game. The combat might be solid, but I simply can't see any charm in the lore or the people within it. Dialogue is surprisingly bland, the environments (although diverse) are stagnant and uninteresting. When it comes to RPGs for me, the characters in party and in the world around you need to be interesting in order for me to be immersed in the game I'm playing. Unfortunately, I don't find the protagonist interesting (she might become more interesting as time goes on, but she initially feels like a girl that doesn't care about anything), and the NPCs in the world are even worse.My problem with the interaction of the world might have been better if I had known that this was a lore that was already set and that the characters are already set-in-stone. I simply didn't see the charm of the game, and it's a shame because the combat is great, and the gameplay is nice, but I simply don't have and excitement for the game when I find the characters and lore this boring. I understand the positive reviews, and more power to them, but I honestly think this franchise might not be my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,265610,23777501,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DrDinonaut,"I bought this game due to the large number of positive reviews, but frankly, I'm not impressed. The combat mechanics are competent, but there's nothing that distinguishes it from any other turn based RPG. Furthermore, the game isn't particularly difficult, so it never feels like your choice of skills or equipment really matters, since you'll be able to beat any enemy without much hassle anyway.The puzzles are pretty standard ""find key/item to unlock area,"" or ""flip X switches,"" or ""push this boulder out of the way"" affairs that are quite easy to solve.The humor and plot are comically childish and shallow, to the point where I was questioning if the story was written to be intentionally terrible. But perhaps I'm not part of the intended audience; I just can't imagine anyone over the age of 12 finding the humor or story compelling."
,Not Recommended,265610,25419743,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,wickdlowki,"#56Epic Battle Fantasy 4So, it would be a good game, if it worked.  The problem is, it crashes all of the time.  I'm not talking crashing back to windows, it crashes my whole system, requiring a fresh reboot.  Eveyone seems to have a solution, but none of it works.  The bottom line, it suffers from a deplorable excess of Flash.  Heres what i've done:1. uninstall/reinstall2. ""                 "" disabling cloud saves, searching for all instances of EBF4option files.3. compat. mode = windows 74. compat. mode = windows xp sp25. (this one was fun, reasons unbenownst to me it disabled my sound card) updated sc drivers, reinstalled6. #5 led me to disable surround sound, remove all audio effects7. disabled AA in graphics, set them to low (started to lag)8. played in window mode (OMG, the lag)9. repeated above steps again (cuz, ya know tech support)10. started over11. wrote reviewbtw my specs put me at a midrange pcradeon r7 360soundblaster recon3d pci-eAMD FX-8320E 8 core16 gig ram2 terabyte raid hd array"
76561197961652752,Not Recommended,265610,22791642,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Flashman,"It looks like the anime obsessed gaylins got me again with this one. Perhaps it will grow on me, but I think going back to an early 90's emulator might be better."
76561198013135781,Recommended,265610,9286905,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,frogger252,cool
76561198103634773,Not Recommended,265610,15795334,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Vans,"The actual gameplay itself minus the characters and the dialogue was decent, but nothing special. I liked the style - everything is adorable, but that was quickly detracted from by other aspects of the game.If I could eliminate the girl with the jiggly boobs from the game completely I might have sat through more of it.  Jiggle physics/animations completely belong in some games (saints row hilarity anyone?)- in this game I found boobs in my face uneccessary and eventually it just ruined it for me. There is always the option to swap characters, but the damage was already done. I also remember many points with the dialogue where I stopped and thought ""wow... I can't believe I actually paid money for this"", doubtful I'll go back and finish this game.Overall - 4/10 would reccommend for a pre-teen boy."
76561198175895965,Not Recommended,265610,14739661,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,hayatodelellis,"I was so hyped that I was able to play a game that was essentially a part of my child hood, but sadly after sepdning money on this game, not even 3 hours in, the game completely shut me out and wont let me play.Everytime I oad up the game, no legs pops up and say cant load game, I tried many different things, read the help page and even deleted the game and readded but nothing seemed to help. The game as a whole I LOVE but the one I bought off steam just completly ruined the fun, and my money was lost."
,Not Recommended,265610,14151471,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Aya-tan,"I feel like this game is exactly what happens when a two-year-old Redditer or /b/-tard gets a hold of RPGMaker. The game tries to pass itself off as funny, witty, and clever, but ""meme-based"" humor and party members with half of their entire dialogue written in ""l33t-sp3@k"" simply is not funny. Or enjoyable. Or entertaining. Or anything other than ""annoying."" It all feels painfully forced, tedious, and failed to get even so much as a giggle out of me. Then the game introduced the Black-Mage-type/offensive spellcaster, Ms. Fanservice, whose special ability is a ""sexy wink"" and I gave up on this atrocity altogether.The only good thing I have to say about it is it's turn-based battle-system is kinda fun and it was really the only time when I enjoyed myself in the game. However that does absolutely nothing to set it apart from all the other RPGs out there and in the end this game is not something I would recommend to anyone. Ever."
,Not Recommended,265610,18832685,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"I thought this was some kind of goofy joke made by goofy jokesters, but it's just a badly made game."
76561198050766032,Not Recommended,265610,12419046,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Imperial Guard Skeletor,"I wish i could say how much I love this game! It has amazing battle system and it has alot of old concepts that game developers have just thrown away in exchange for newer ideas that are less developed, BUT (And this is a big but) I'd have to say every character in this game is forgettable even the people you play as are very forgetable even though there is alot of character development. I feel if you go through the game being all ""who is that again?"" to your party members it is just not worth it. 4/10 GG no RE-match..."
,Not Recommended,265610,19086996,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,[CRB] FatHed,"This was a good game, till I went to a treasure room and got killed by a random battle against the glitch."
76561198023105909,Not Recommended,265610,11301114,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Cerulean,"I love RPGs. Jrpgs, western rpgs, they're both awesome.I saw the trailer for this game, read some reviews, and I was sold.Unfortunately, my first (and last) impression of the game was so bad, that I regret having paid for this title.The interface is terribly cluttered, difficult to use and understand.There is NO tutorial in the beginning. None. There are some vague hints here and there about minor aspects of the game, but that's it.How to fight? How to find your way? How to manage your inventory and skills?Not explained in any way. Hell, I even had a hard time figuring out where the hell I was supposed to go to begin with!I'm all for games that don't hold your hand (God bless Dark Souls), but this game, despite being a Jrpg, seemed to make it obscenely hard for me to even start going somewhere.Unless you have the patience of a saint and the willingness to figure where the hell you're supposed to go to, and how to do ANYTHING, I recommend staying away from this title.I regret buying it."
,Not Recommended,265610,11339282,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[Farewell Bong] Orange,epic difficulty is pretty impossible and the game doesn't offer much in terms of skills/abilities to overcome this. in the end i found it was more luck based than anything else.
,Not Recommended,265610,11593257,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,NeoRizer,? What the hell did I just waste my life doing?
,Recommended,265610,30434702,Posted: 10 March,all,Svierrod,"A turn-based RPG with a somewhat unique take on the genre, at least in terms of the usual story vs. gameplay argument. I've never subcscribed to the idea that an RPG needs to have a massive, epic, complex story, and this game seems to agree with me. The story of this game is basically an RPG story template that hasn't really been filled in or built onto, though the details that are there are at least charming and lend a little bit of an identity.Instead, this game really seems to lean on its gameplay and its combat system. The weapons and armor that you equip can have a huge impact on your stats, and require different tactics to capitilize on their various perks and bonuses. There's a pretty good amount of enemy variety, and encounters are scripted instead of random encounters, leading to some battles that are created specifically to encourage you to take advantage of different armor and weapon sets.Defeating enemies gives you ability points, which you can spend to learn new skills or upgrade ones you already have. You've got a lot more control over the tools available to you than some other games give you, and I really appreciated that. However, the fact that better versions of skills are added on top of the weaker ones instead of replacing them, and the fact that some skills give you little to no reason to use them mean that the skill pool is smaller than it looks like it is.Playing on Normal difficulty, I never found myself having to grind for experience or ability points to be able to move forward, but some enemies reappear when you leave and come back, so it's possible to save up some more EXP or AP if you think you need a bit more of an edge. Even when playing on the hardest difficulty, the boss fights never really pushed me too hard, though some of them did take a long time to beat. Worst case scenario: one of tne of the post-game bosses in the Battle Mountain area took me 47 minutes to beat, but I still managed it on my first try.Beating the game adds a New Game+ mode, scaling up the enemy levels and letting you replay the game starting with all of your endgame equipment. This opens up strategies you may not have had the first time through, and gave me a reason to play the game again. Beating New Game+ gives you New Game++, which just scales up enemies even more. it's basically just New Game+ again, so there's no real reason to play a third time unless you want all the achievments.The game just endlessly repeats there. You can keep playing New Game++ over and over, and continue getting more stat-boosting items (whose effects carry over as well), leading to some absolutely ridiculous stat levels, and even the highest difficulty fails to provide any meaningful challenge after a while. The game kinda ends on an anti-climax, but the path there is definitely interesting, and given the price tag, it's worth a look, even for people who aren't super into RPGs, since the combat system is so well-refined and easy to get into.Oh, and the music is just, amazing. Especially that final boss theme."
76561198132577701,Recommended,265610,17152797,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ApathyKitten,"One of my childhood games, on steam... imagine the excitement felt!The game is really good if you like crude humor, epic skills, and big twists in battle. It's as much stratagy as it is action. With the multitude of skills available and diffrent weapons and armor, No battle is ever the same. Any battle can go from a walk in a park to the most intense feeling of  ""oh we're srewed"" you have ever felt, just because one enemy decided to de-buff you.That being said if you dont like unreasonable amounts of damage, or instakills, or the table turning battle, and prefer a slower paced, reasonable damage, and no doubt what so ever. Try for a diffrent gsame. Otherwise give this a shot.You should try to play all the other games before this one. Because there is a bit of a story line.Rate 10/10All Hail Godcat"
76561198012410120,Recommended,265610,11604286,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,SpRaaY x,Awesome!!
,Recommended,265610,17095463,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Mindwarper,Love this game. Reminds me of old school FF. Can't get enough!
,Recommended,265610,16985298,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,LyraShae,"Pros:Seamless, fun,  and addictive JRPG style combatBeautiful animationYou can collect pantiesYou can click on the hot girl's boobs to make them jiggle (and get an achievement for doing so!)Great sarcastic sense of humorUpgradable armor and equipmentCons:You can't click on the other girl's boobs to make them jiggleAll of the cats are trying to kill youLots of stone sliding puzzlesIf you like turn-based, JRPG style games, buy this. This is my first review and I decided to write it because I love this game so much. It's worth every penny."
76561198072897164,Recommended,265610,17042717,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Gsg,"Look, if you've seen this game's trailer, and seen anything you liked, or even just had the time to look through the screenshots and said ""Hey, this game looks like it might be good."", please just go and buy this game. If you love Final Fantasy, or Chrono Trigger, or Golden Sun, or really any rpg ever I almost guarentee that there is something here for you. The story, while geared more toward the 12-25 age range, is still an enjoyable, simple story that lays itself out nicely throughout the story. The gameplay flows very well, and it is very easy to notice that there was time put into making the characters and abilities balanced and scale throughout the game. While the game can be very easy when using the corresponding elemental rock,paper,scissors equipment to fight enemies, the battles can still be very long and challenging, making the title of ""Epic Battle"" very evident, especially on epic mode. The art is very well done, and the music fits the game incredibly.It's also important to note that the other three games in the series are FREE online, so if you want a primer to what you will be getting you can go play those aswell, which I would also recommend.All in all, this game, and this series, was a great effort by Matt Rosak and HalcyonicfalconX. Fantastic job, and can't wait for Bullet Heaven 2!"
,Recommended,265610,17021347,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ImGoingHam,its free on kongregate but this is better no ads
76561198079125411,Recommended,265610,17370797,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Gourmet Sandwich Buns,buy it. right now. seriously. what is wrong with you if you dont buy this. it is a must have.
76561198141510707,Recommended,265610,17371391,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Toaster Turtle,YES JUST ♥♥♥♥ING YES
76561198079776356,Recommended,265610,17448966,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,IamJosh97,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is easily one of my most favorite games I have played. It has over 72 hours worth of game play(which is becoming more rare in newer games) and four difficulties for even further challenge. There are many skills you can learn in the game and some are character specific while some can be learned buy multiple characters to add strategy to the game. In addition to many skills, there are many different types of equipment, each with their own special effect and stats. Aside from the excellent game play, Epic Battle Fantasy 4 has great music that really sets the tone for the game in each area. Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is definetely worth the $12 since most games that have 24+ hours gameplay cost 5+ times as much. Very excited that the developer will be making an Epic Battle Fantasy 5. Will definetely buy that when it comes out."
76561198159536522,Recommended,265610,17508877,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,TheFinalStrike16,"I remember when this game was only available on gaming websites. I can't believe that steam picked it up. If you like RPGs, this is a game youll enjoy it, i can almost guarentee it"
,Recommended,265610,17874750,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,@killer198,i love this game :)
76561198001258693,Recommended,265610,13248732,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Phijkchu_runegod2.0,"Really fun, in depth RPG. Even if you never played any of the other games in the series, and aren't one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who's turn off by a game just because it looks like a flash game, this game is a must."
,Recommended,265610,16930262,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,hoes and robux,Loads of content and lots of fun. Well worth the price and time.
76561198151721439,Recommended,265610,16919224,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,WonderGamer101,"This game is fun. An RPG inspired by the classics with hilarious charcters with even more hilarious conversations. Be warned, this game does not take itself very seriously. (Spoilers ahead, maybe) I mean, there's an acheivement if click on Natalie's breast a couple of times. Overall, I recomend this game."
76561198057497661,Recommended,265610,17162505,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,AppSmasher,"This is an AMAZING GAME! It's literally the best RPG i've ever played, and I recommend it to anyone looking for a game that's a blend of action, humor, plot, and the other type of ""plot"", *wink wink*."
76561198199227742,Recommended,265610,16889733,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Mr.Lapras,"An amazing RPG, the combat is simple enough for new players with difficulty spikes optional for those who need it. The unique personality it brings keeps the gameplay fresh without being overbearing.  The use of an actual art style is needed in indie and this game looks gorgeous. Looking forward to more."
76561198019154898,Recommended,265610,18146595,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,[GOM]A-graVe,"Absolutely Fantasic!!!!!! I highly recommend to people that loves turn-based RPG with a bit of humour as well. The game itself is that short, looking fo the extra hidden items will take awhile, and also the boss batlle are quite good.The only complaint one would have is the story line, the dialogue itself is well done, but the story could have more depth, or maybe that's the point of it as well.10/10 You have to play it, just quite good."
76561198011921356,Recommended,265610,18227990,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Xleon,BEST GAME GASM EVER
,Recommended,265610,18184915,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,pamupe,"It's a very good game for it's price if you don't take it too seriously.The game is very easy (specially if you compare it to some old rpgs) but the gameplay is fun with no random encounters (you can still powerlevel by leaving the area and coming back).It has a simple UI, easy to understand and allows you to battle faster than in other turn-based rpgs.Nice crafting system, very simple but effective, only really needed to play on max difficulty (where you get most steam achievements)Don't expect too much from the storyline though.Fun game overall to spend some hours. (I'd recomend using some sort of speedhack like in most rpgs if you plan on powerleveling)"
,Recommended,265610,16717418,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,mang inasal,"So much to do, So much to see! 10/10"
76561198047754017,Recommended,265610,16708879,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Harvey,really wish the other 3 were on steam as well. atlest 2 and 3 so you can get Lances back story. this game is one of my favorites of all time. played it on newgrounds saw it was gonna be on steam and bought it right away.
76561198025278011,Recommended,265610,16613336,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,snow_clone,"I loved this game when I played it (for free) on Kongregate, so I was happy to pay to play it again (with yummy Steam achievements)! You won't enjoy this game for the deep story or multifaceted characters, but rather the goofy, slap-happy mechanics and dialogue, as well as the excellent treasure hunting and the discovering of secrets. The myriad ways to distribute skills and the beloved New Game Plus allow for plenty of replay value. It is totally unnecessary to be familiar with the previous three titles in the series, so just hurry up and get this gem!"
76561198108162491,Recommended,265610,16586306,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,forsakenphoenix,"Pros+ Beautiful animations, from battle scenes to idle animations+ Hours of gameplay+ Changing armor/weapons changes the appearance of the character+ Lots of additional gameplay in the post-game+ Not just about turned-based combat; many puzzles to solve and secrets to find throughout the gameCons- The lack of a serious plot line might bother someOverall score: 10/10I can honestly only say good things about this game. If you don't believe me, you can always play the free version on Kongregate to see if you'd like it. Some of you might be wondering, ""Why should I pay for a game I can play for free online?"" Here are my two reasons: First, there is a lot of additional gameplay when you buy the version on Steam. It's the same version as the paid version on Kongregate, but this version comes with Steam Trading Cards, which obviously makes it superior. Second, I've been a longtime fan of the series. (My personal favorite is EBF3.) in some ways, I feel like buying this game was thanks to Kupo for all of the hours of fun I spent in all of his games. But seriously, play this game.If you like turn based RPGs, this game will be perfect for you. The animations are beautiful, and the gameplay draws a lot from the Final Fantasy series. I also love how armor, weapons, and accessories called flairs affect the appearance of characters. It's a personal pet peeve of mine when RPGs have armor, but changing the equipped armor doesn't change what the character is wearing. You can see that a lot of effort went into this game.The game doesn't take itself too seriously, so don't expect to be blown away by the plot. There are some immature jokes as well. Neither of these bothered me, but in fairness to the other games I reviewed, I felt obligated to list a con.Regardless, EBF4 is a wonderful game and you should definitely buy it if you like turn-based RPGs."
76561198031490701,Recommended,265610,16764113,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,shalist,"For a 'simple flash game,' this was tons of fun, and had ridiculously great tracks.  Also, the cut scenes between chapters are awesome :P"
76561198152011729,Recommended,265610,16760279,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Voyeur Mutsurini,an epic game loved it
,Recommended,265610,16005796,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Drktwilight,This game is a dedicated parody to RPGs and enjoyable all the way through. At any point you can change the difficulty to whatever mood you're feeling up to. The greatest thing is you choose how you want to play and immerse yourself however deep you want to go.
,Recommended,265610,15457438,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,rocketman1167,Great game played the first one long ago. Just need to get the other three on here.And NoLegs
76561198051156328,Recommended,265610,15768755,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,iop523,Overpowered Game :D
76561198020403710,Recommended,265610,16431497,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kidd the Yoshi,"Where to start? First of all this game is awesomely done for the PC, the click battle system is unique and I hope more RPGs adapt it. Second the Easter eggs, o man talk about homage!"
,Recommended,265610,16432466,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Serpexnessie,A fun and whimsical RPG I highly reccomend people play!
,Recommended,265610,16155720,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Battlemanish (DK),"only bad thing is, you can't have all 4 out at the same time."
,Recommended,265610,16355761,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ipseity,So good
,Recommended,265610,16333973,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Q Sirius Doritos,"A good light-hearted classic style RPG. If you're skeptical, play some of the earlier EPF's on places like Newgrounds"
76561198057504284,Recommended,265610,16349988,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,phazing9,This game brings back a sense of reckless simple pleasant fun that it's been so long since I felt!
,Recommended,265610,16323176,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Chadicus Maximus,"Going at the oft repeated ""Dollar an hour"" mantra and the normal full price, $11.99 AUD, then this game is so very worth your money.This game follows a similar vein to the older turn based Final Fantasy games, but much more forgiving to casual gamers or those who just want to crash and find something fun to play.Not sure if you'll enjoy it or if the artowrk will prove to be too annoying? Go give this game a shot on the many sites that freely (legally!) host this game online. Paying for this game adds many more hours (I estimate 10+ hours) of challenging gameplay."
,Recommended,265610,16316374,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Cycloneblaze,"A fun and funny RPG with a lot of care put into it. Buy it, you won't regret it! EBF 5 pls.The dev is also a pretty cool guy. :)"
,Recommended,265610,16414535,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kinjorsk,"This game is an awesome value.  I have 8 hours or so in it so far, around halfway through with the first playthrough (I think).  It's everything I've always loved about old school turn based JRPG, but without annoying things like random battles or save points.  The storyline is very entertaining, as are the charactars.  The ability customization system is very fun, as is the charactar equiptment system.  I haven't had this much fun playing a turn based RPG since chrono trigger came out for SNES."
76561197977398448,Recommended,265610,13605269,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,AshBurnem,"I've been folling Matt's work since a little before EBF2, and he always gives 100%. I beat the free Flash version of this game ages ago, and it's still good enough that I've beaten it again on Steam. The new content for this version was a very nice touch, as well. An A+ game, would recommend to anyone who likes JRPG-style games."
,Recommended,265610,13673125,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,VinniHp,"Ok, I've been a huge fan since the first game, I only saw this game last week and I couldn't stop smiling and thinking about it, if you like goofy humor, godlike rpg mechanics, great characters and THE BEST OST YOU CAN EVER IMAGINE FOR AN INDIE GAME, I can't recommend this game enough.10/10GGGame over manJust freaking buy it"
76561198022733089,Recommended,265610,13662216,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,WickedChainy,One of the best JRPGs on Steam.
76561198012212084,Recommended,265610,13166634,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SirJeffrey,"Amazing game! played it before and it's previous little brother too.! EBF3.A very funny, totaly recommendable game.6/5 :)"
76561198141755759,Recommended,265610,13177915,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,homer,"This game is amazing.The Epic Battle Fantasy games really dominated my free time, starting a few years ago. Mainly EBF3 (Which I gladly re-played because I wasn't able to use the computer I originally started with, then again, because the game was incredibly fun.)I've got 50+ hours on EBF3 and about 30 hours on EBF4 (I only recently purchased the Steam version, I had been playing it elsewhere for quite a while)If you are at all like me, this game is worth it.And you get a bunch of additional stuff.Battle Mountain (Countless hours of gameplay.)Armor, Pets, and Skills (Giving your characters new things to bash enemies with! A stong point of the game.)A Wonderful Soundtrack (I personally love the music. The artist, Halcyonic Falcon X is really great.)You also help Matt Roszak (the developer) so that he may continue to make wonderful games.I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,265610,13092703,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Polly Cephalus,"Really fun game. Lots of refernces to internet/gaming culture and a fun battle system. Graphics and sounds are not the best, but you get use to them (I actually quite like the graphics now). A game with some replay value and not too much grinding, despite it being an RPG. Defintely recommend, especially if it's on sale."
76561198054738214,Recommended,265610,13263646,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,aengelous,Good fun. Brings to mind the older FF games with better graphics. Don't get if you are looking for a serious RPG. Get if you are wanting to play an RPG in the style of FFIII and FFVII.
76561198041127541,Recommended,265610,13801980,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,expozillabootylicious,An excellent game. Perfect level of difficulty when you are in that particular mood.
,Recommended,265610,13900380,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,garbeej,"a trully, amazing game. cant stop playing it! i recommend this game to ant ony who is into turn based RPGs, and hilarious storylines with tons of refrences."
,Recommended,265610,13886690,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,GoombaFreeman,"This game is awesome a great, hilarious and long rpg with so much thought put into it!"
76561197982881272,Recommended,265610,13808259,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Karmana,Addictive!  Popped it on for 5mins and wasn't impressed but went back for a second wind and now played it for 10+ hours.Worth its money.
76561198118635183,Recommended,265610,18367446,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,zrgyu,It's so EPIC!
,Recommended,265610,18370639,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Giuesppe,"Would click the boobs again 10/10. oh.. I mean fun, cute, challenging and orginal little rpg i'd replay again. So satisfying beating a tough♥♥♥♥♥boss."
,Recommended,265610,18408569,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,livindaye,"like the old saying, ""cats are a**holes."""
,Recommended,265610,15320724,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Xentero,Natalie boobs are making me horny.
76561198033395447,Recommended,265610,18011202,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Clever28nj,"Very fun and enjoyable title. What I enjoy most is it can be played in bursts or for a few hours, and the game seems long, though I'm only in the beginning thus far..."
76561198034194381,Recommended,265610,18556914,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,gndmrksm,"the dialogues are funny and there are lot of things to explore, recommended!"
76561197997306216,Recommended,265610,18596491,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Last_Misadventure,"More fun than I ever imagined! The game mechanics outshine any technical issues. I'm always apprehensive about buying new games, but I'm glad I bought this one. The only thing this game is missing is team combo moves (ala Chrono Trigger).No problems running it under Windows 10 64-bit.Edit: I hope the author is thinking about a different platform. Flash makes me cringe. What about a remastered version with all 4 games? I would give you money."
76561198133862039,Recommended,265610,18672963,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,wickedmyst,yup good good good.
,Recommended,265610,18633970,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Bird,"This Game was everything that I like about RPG, easy to understand, choosable progression, and over all replayability.I first fell in love of this game when it was a flash game, but it still has the flash but with the ability to loot more and customability that you will love. There are many choices to to choose from. The attire you wear dictates what enemy you will be able to defeat easily. There is no learning curve. It is truly a good game for RPG beginners, or the lover of any RPG for sure."
,Recommended,265610,18633531,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,evdoke,"An awesome RPG. Battle system is complex enough to be rewarding yet simple enough so it's not overwhelming. The art is cute and fun, and the music is extremely good. The writing is lighthearted, and the game is full of jokes and references to other videogames, movies and anime. It's not a huge game, but it's definitely worth it if you are a fan of turn-based RPGs."
,Recommended,265610,18629137,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Ajdar,totaly like it
76561198136580595,Recommended,265610,18619416,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,DoucheBag,10/10 fav game evar 100+ hrs woot
76561198073976105,Recommended,265610,18602128,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ghostie☆,"Do you like JRPGs? Do you like parodies? Do you like boobs? Cats? Swords, guns, bows, staffs? Do you like ancient battle tanks? HOW ABOUT ION DEATH LASERS?Let me rephrase all that. Do you like fun? Yes? Get this game.10/10 would aggravate girlfriend with game again."
,Recommended,265610,12408107,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,KarlTheCool,"You can still click on Natalie's boobs to make them jiggle10/10.No but actually if you're like me and grew up with cutesy japanese rpgs and mmos, just get this game. It's exactly that but minus grinding and it's funnier. If you must, consider the free prequel on newgrounds a free demo which might I add has less features than this version."
,Recommended,265610,12396837,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Anywaz,"Pros:This game is......easy to get into...really tactical, compared to other JRPGs...a treasury for every achievement hunter...also a dress-up gameThis game has......a Great Soundtrack...an awesome battle system...a Glitch in the MatrixCons:I really can't think of any"
76561198085819817,Recommended,265610,23844770,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,victorkane115,You can play the game for free and I still bought it. It is a good game.
76561198040616793,Recommended,265610,23509674,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Gilgamesh,FF style combat with a cutesy art style
76561198118880113,Recommended,265610,23489398,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,r.angus.g,"Funny, fun and too difficult for me. Thumbs up"
76561198057566481,Recommended,265610,19946811,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Croak90,"Let me start by saying it's definitely not worth full price, this just doesn't have enough content over the free version that's been available for years to be worth anywhere near $10. I got it for about $2.50 and at that price I heartily recommend it. Anyone who likes turn based fights like FF or Pokemon will enjoy this. The humor isn't bad although there are a lot of running jokes from the previous games, so if you're not into the series you probably won't be into this. 100% achievements in 25 hours pretty damn good for a flash game.Only downsides are some performance issues due to being flash (usually can be fixed with a restart) and low replayability once you've done everything in the game once. NG+ is more of a grind for an achievement than a chance to play around with early enemies with end game skills and gear since the enemies scale with you from start to finish."
,Recommended,265610,13125406,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Platinum,"Personal Rating 10/10 - If you like Turn-based, if you like pokemon references, if you like CATS... then this is the game for you! A turn-based adventure through a square world where you choose 3 of 4 adventurers then neglect the fourth, this game allows you to become a master at whatever you work towards, become a deadly opponent who has OP fire attacks, or go completely Holy and own everything! Anyways its a great game, good job."
76561198041798621,Recommended,265610,13019432,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,vasuden,"Hilarious dialog, smooth gameplay, awesome music, what more could you ask for? Recommended to anyone that likes a good RPG."
,Recommended,265610,13011983,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Sir Pants,"Outragouse comedy with a great story, awesome soundtrack and gameplay. And just an all round fun game especially for those who like that Final Fantasy feel!"
,Recommended,265610,13098137,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,gnosticelf,"Are you a fan of Jrpgs? Proceed directly to the checkout page. Do not pass Go. Trust me on this one.Are you new to the Jrpg genre? This game makes a truly wonderful starting point for you. Proceed directly to the checkout page/ Do not pass Go. Trust me on this one.Do you prefer your RPG action to be grim, bloody, realistic, and devoid of subcultural references? Nothing to see here, move along.Buy it. Play it. Laugh. Love."
,Recommended,265610,13060406,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Devek,Best game I have played in a long time. I look forward to EBF 5 :D
76561198070301327,Recommended,265610,13042934,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MikeTehDude,"This game started as a flash games on websites... but this game deserves much MUCH more attension... Old School Turn based gameplay, pretty graphics, fun humor and references and just in general a good game...However it havr some flaws... it is difficult as hell... like insta kills here and there, i have lost count of how many times i have turned the difficulty down to easy just cuz some of the bosses are to hard...But however... 8/10... i mean 12/10"
,Recommended,265610,12447138,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,airbat,"I've played EBP IV and all the previous parts on newgrounds - and had tons of fun! The game's truly epic and pretty punny, well worth the money."
,Recommended,265610,12590359,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Knight11456,"This Game series to me atleast has been the best on newgrounds its always brought me back for more.This one is no different ive put 320 hours into the newgrounds version and 221 hours in the Kongregate version and bought the prem on there, so when I heard it was on steam it was a no brainer to get I havent actually had time to play it much since I bought it buy it was well worth it and I look forward to seeing if there will be a EB 5.If you love Rpgs look no further this is the game for you.Possibally the best feature of this though is the ability to play offline so if ur on a road trip with your parents or camping out and you got your laptop just load steam offline and play away."
,Recommended,265610,12458062,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,sly2909,"Lots of fun, lots of action, a quest devoted to finding underware, and a medal for touching a female characters  breast all with a funny story as its base. What more could you want."
76561198071609084,Recommended,265610,13539008,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,chieftain486,"Fun and easy-to-play game. World to explore, puzzles to solve, battles to win."
76561198149358194,Recommended,265610,15074246,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,jediapocalypse,"Fun, Fun, FUN!!!! Only have around 5 hours of time played but will be going for every achievement. That means I have planned to play the game three times through!! If you like jrpg buy this one for your collection."
,Recommended,265610,15133990,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Slulldom,"If you want a fun, light rpg that can also be soul-wrenchingly challenging, then this game is for you! This isn't a short game, and alot of work has been put into it. This version is definetly worth it. The addition of Batlle Mountain is very worth it, and I reccomend it. If you want to help support the developer, buy this game!+colourful characters, environments, and baddies+wonderful soundtrack+long yet not too long+great storyline and funny moments+Battle Mountain in general-infrequent frame rate drops-WHAT?! THE GAME CRASHED DURING A BOSS FIGHT?!?!All in all, a very good game."
76561198066233957,Recommended,265610,15251354,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,F.oedus O.brepit E.rrabundus,"Love this game! Great characters, style, gameplay, and music!"
,Recommended,265610,15242602,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sir-Knight-13,"Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is a upbeat, funny and lovable game. It has great humour, interesting and well thought out characters and a fun storyline. The battles have lots of different factors to consider e.g. enemy types, weapon types, atacks, equips, etc. and you really get engrossed in figuring out what skills and types you need and where. Each character Anna, Matt, Natalie and Lance all have unique personalities and styles and you can customise the abilities they have to a certain degree which really lets you feel involved with the team.All in all you will spend hours playing and forget how long you are at your pc until an annoyed relative comes and tells you to try talking to people instead of sitting around all day, to which you reply 'Never!' and carry on playing this amazing game!Also as an added bonus Matt Roszak (the Developer, Publisher and Creator) has included wallpapers and the soundtrack in the local files of the game! Which is awesome as the soundtrack is one of my favourites!P.S. I have more hours than it is displaying for a odd reason... oh well!"
,Recommended,265610,15243680,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Trapqueen01230,"It's no final fantasy, but it is good."
,Recommended,265610,15299512,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,RangerRivet,"Great. That's all I have to say. Not 13$ great, but definitely worth the 5 I payed for when it was on sale."
76561198066111808,Recommended,265610,15695094,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Brazen Aden,So far pretty good. Dialogue is a bit cheezy at times but overall it's a pretty enjoyable game. The creator definently put a lot of effort into this game and it's definently worth the asking price.
,Recommended,265610,15448307,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Davdus,"A game about destroying ecosystems, nuking half earth multiple times, slaying most adorable creatures and collecting panties...10/10"
76561198007070665,Recommended,265610,15650150,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Cormellion,"Very entertaining and fun.  Nothing complicated, but you find the hours slip by."
76561198106971121,Recommended,265610,16006880,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,LuciLoli,You kill things.Things give you stuff.Stuff is panties.(in this case)You make a gigga death sword that curses you with death but lets you one shot things with stuff you get for trading in panties.Love this game.10/10
76561197976081787,Recommended,265610,15221431,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,mdwbm,"Old school turn based RPG combat.You play a girl from a village that had their idol statue stolen. 3 Heroes from the prior games (Not on PC all tablet) figured since they saved the world they are entitled to everything so they are on a mass pilfering spree. The villager finds them and beats them up only to find out that they did not steal the statue. The surrounding villages have also had their statues stolen. So now the 4 go out to try to find the theif.For its simplistic look it is really a very good looking game. You can tell that this is a port from a tablet. The music is outstanding and is even available as a soundtrack. There is no voice dialog but the storyline and text dialog a great. The game makes fun of the whole RPG and Anime environment.  The characters are often making fun of each other and making jokes. Each character has a specialty and can learn most the others.You have the main girl who does Earth damage, the second girl (the ""pretty one"") who uses advanced magic and anime style heals, a techno guy who uses guns and has a tank, and the last guy who does mostly direct damage ""meat shield"".The game looks simplistic and will quickly ramp up in difficulty. Definitely a great turn based RPG game to have."
76561198122364174,Recommended,265610,16687925,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Bane of Bane,"EBF 4 is a turn-based RPG inspired by games like Final Fantasy and Golden Sun. It's the first of the series to be on steam, as the others were browser games on websites like Kongregate and Armor Games. I  remember playing one of the EBF games, although I don't remember which one. I don't remember much, so I wasn't sure what to expect.There are quite a few unique mechanics in EBF 4. First, the backup mechanic requires one of your four people to be in ""backup"", and therefore not fighing, who can be switched in without using a turn. At first I hated the mechanic, but I grew attached to it and it does make for some interesting situations. Second, when you win a battle, you get AP. This is how you obtain and upgrade skills, as not a single skill is learned through leveling. Skills in the ""special"" catagory can be learned by two or more different party members, but only one can actually learn it. For example, Anna and Natalie can both learn heal, but if Natalie knows it, then Anna can't. Which, I recommend you do just that, but that's just what I do.There is also ""waves"" system where if a battle has three waves, you have to clear out three screens worth of enemies. This is backed by the fact that all enemies are on the map, and you can engage them at any time and flee at any time, with the only punishment for flee being that the hurt or killed enemies reset.One of the things I love about this game is that both hardcore RPG fans and newcomers to RPG's can both enjoy the game. There are ten elements and twelve status effects, every enemy has unique resistances and weaknesses to elements, statuses, and debuffs, your party's weapons give them elemental normal attacks and armor give elements and status resists and weaknesses, a complex upgrading system with a large array of crafting materials, and the HUGE amount of skills is insane! We've got buff spells, debuff spells, elemental spells, partially elemental and partially physical, spells that damage and may caused status effects, spells that damage and may debuff enemies, spells that take away enemy buffs, take away your team's debuffs, limit breaks, spells that element changes depending on the weapon you use, spells that power up in certain conditions, spells with lots of power but debuff your character, HOLY CRAP, I'm geeking out! At the same time though, the first time you use a certain spell, or get hit by a certain attack one of your characters says some, whether it be funny (most of the time because the spell speaks for itself and doesn't require explanation), or it be important information like saying the Barrier and Heal More spells are really important (which they are probably the game's two most important spells.)Graphically, the overworld looks much different than the battle graphics, but both serve their part well. The story isn't impressive, but it certainly gets the job done, especially considering the game is lighthearted and never takes itself too seriously. Until the final boss. That's some dark crap right there. Also, I feel the need to say this. I won't spoil anything, but I had Anna and Natalie at 31, Lance and Matt at 32, and didn't even use Lance. I changed my armor sets according to the different forms for maximum effieciency. The fight took me an hour, no joke. Speaking of the final boss, the music in the game is great. Not Shovel knight is Mega man levels of great, but pretty close in my opinion. Oh yea. The final boss theme is great. The game's lighthearted theme and humor is one of the things that kept me engaged. I loved laughing the hilarious and silly dialogue, as it just added a unique spice to the battles.If I had to find some complaints I had, they would be few, but the one big issue I had that there is a bunch of optional content, and I wanted to do as much as possible, but it just wasn't as interesting as the main quest. There is a whole bonus area with upgraded versions of the bosses in the main story, but fighting the same enemy with better numbers and a few more tricks just... isn't engaging as fighting them for the first time. But the big kicker that killed my motivation for the bonus area was that you don't get any EXP, AP, or gold from the fight. If I got even a little, I might have gone a bit farther, but I didn't even feel up to getting past the second boss.Overall though, it's amazing. Definetly in my Top 20 or maybe 15 favorite games I've played. Top 10 would be a bit of a stretch, but it's possible. Get it if you are a hardcore RPG fan or want to start getting into RPG's. I mean, I've played RPGs ever since I was 6, I know a good RPG when I see one. And this is a good RPG.TL;DR Read the last few sentences."
76561198107667409,Recommended,265610,16411217,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,illusion.0555,"Enjoyed the game very much! It's a great buy. There's a number of quests, and option for you to grind if you wish. It's fun, and have a simple system and really makes fun of the RPGs (old-school) :)"
76561198144266936,Recommended,265610,16514610,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chaos Sorceror,"You'll notice that I'm here on Steam. That's because of this gem! I got a steam account strictly to get this game! This game is the classic RPG that people like Square seem to have forgotten how to make. It has a twisted humor, great gameplay, greater replayability, battles that can range from laughable to.. well.. EPIC, and lets not forget that downright awe-inspiring soundtrack! Phyrnna (HalcyonicFalcon's work on Youtube, look her up, she does the music for all the EBF games) did an outstanding job. If your not dreading the final battle just by ear alone.. well..The art is beautiful, the array of skills, customization, equipment, treasure hunting, and overall exploration is vast. If yer a hardcore collector in games, this is your thing! Honestly, I can't say anything terrible about it. It is just a great darn game.I'd easily rate it 12/10 if I could!"
,Recommended,265610,15025487,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,"Big Boys, only","Some people may complain that you can play the flash version for free, and this costs $12.99, but think of this:It's less laggy. It comes by default with the premium DLC. You can play without internet access!The graphics are appealing, the writing is witty, and the story is great, and has plenty of callbacks to previous games (which, for reference, can be played for free on Kongregate and other flash game websites.) I love this and I think it's worth every penny!"
76561198046560304,Recommended,265610,14962311,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Ghid0rah,"A very solid game, and a nostalgia bomb for fans of classic turn-based RPG's like FFVI, Chrono Trigger, FFVII, and so many others from the good old days! Easily worth the 10 bucks, especially for a greenlit game!"
76561198111668101,Recommended,265610,14288582,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Echevarria,this game calls me a pervert for accidentally press natalie's boobs.10/10 would press againi swear it's an accident..
,Recommended,265610,13590848,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,tsk_thomas,"Played EBF 2 and 3 on kongregate many years ago, and i thought that 3 was impresive for a flash game. EBF 3 has a large map, diverse terain and enemies which took me sometime to finish the game. In EBF 4, the map is even larger. I **** you not, when i saw the map of EBF 4 years ago when it was on kongregate, i thought that i'm not going to finish this in less than 10 hours. Well worth your money, especially during sale"
,Recommended,265610,19663983,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Sintag,"'S a pretty good RPG that does a good job of looking pretty, sounding awesome, and playing very well.  Dialog is pretty silly overall, and shout-outs are abundant, crazy,m and CENSORED WHYYYYYYohwait copyright lawsforgot those existed.Nonetheless, please give this game a run.  If you're not sure about it, play it on Kong, it has no bonus content, but it's free.** = Bonus Content can be bought with Kreds, but it comes free with this game.  Included within are several outfits and weapons, as well as a new zone containing a bunch of revamped, more difficult boss fights.Overall verdict here?  Get it."
,Recommended,265610,19544582,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Murasaki,"This game is a joke, being a parody of Final Fantasy,BUTIt's not a joke.Not only does this include a difficulty system that actually tells you everything major that changes (Besides things like the Bomb Slimes and Purple Squids entering battle with nine poison stacks on Epic) but the game is still reasonably difficult without putting it on Epic, unless you're so used to Epic that in your second playthrough on on a sequential save half of the enemies one-shotting you in the power plant due to you being two levels underleveled feels normal. My first experience with Epic was nearly getting killed on the first battle in the game, gg. What truly makes this game difficult is Epic is insanely hard, but you can adapt to it. You can get hit by the enemies and survive, and most things that the enemies can do aren't out of your power, unlike a lot of games you see today. It puts the player and the enemies on nearly equal ground, but manages to still keep the game reasonably difficult. That is a sign that the game's difficulty is well designed.This game contains parodic references to almost every game in the book that your childhood was composed of. My favorite cluster of references is the graveyard in Graybone Cemetery, there are many tombstones on one screen, a few of them are damaged, but the ones that aren't contain jokes that are mostly references of some sort. This is only a pinch of what is included in the actual game, though.The dialogue in this game somehow keeps a decent balance between ""Absolutely hilarious and cannot be taken seriously"" and ""Deep storyline"" despite the final boss being *SPOILER* a cat god.I think my favorite thing about the dialogue in this game is either the fact that there is a one-liner for nearly every skill in the game, or the fact that dialogue can randomly trigger when walking around the map, and these times it's at it's funniest. There is one cluster of dialogue where Lance is staring at highschoolers and Natalie calls him a pedophile. Another is a conversation between Matt and Lance where Matt seems to be trying to explain to Lance that despite all the cameras he apparently has in his posession that he uses to stalk Natalie, it's still stalking and over the top stalking at that. The items even get some of this amazing humor, every one having a one-liner for a description. Achievements even get thrown into this bucket, there is one that nearly everyone knows about for clicking Natalie's boobs.The only negative that comes to mind is the lack of an optimized full screen resolution and no access to STEAM features ingame, besides syncing, achievements, and cards. However this is understandable for a game ported from flash.There isn't much to say about art style, it's not super duper flashy, and it definitely doesn't try to be edgy. It just tries to be cartoonish, cute, and funny, as it should.I can't say much about the music, purely because music is almost never my main focus. Although I can say the music is definitely catchy and worth listening too, HFX definitely did a good job in my opinion.This game has very nice replayability too, but the story isn't really the strong suit. I personally replay for the comedy and the challenge, and I do NG+ to get gear and etc. I didn't grab the first time around.Overall, Matt deserves much more attention than he gets, but should never stop being a semi-solo developer. When you work with a lot of people and publishers, games like this are only dreams."
,Recommended,265610,19686249,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Applebee's,AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
76561197970599891,Recommended,265610,19650672,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Roi Danton,"This is...well...AMAZING. I'm not a big fan of jRPGs in general (although to be fair I like quite a few of the old SNES ones) and I bought this game during a sale. I wasn't expecting much. I was definitely not expecting to play nothing else for the weekend. The game is really, really good. I like its humor, its battle system and the design. If you like jRPGs (or RPGs in general) and don't mind the humor I heartly recommend buying this game! Right Now!A few remarks:- Good, if repetitive combat- Funny dialog- Good art / art design.- Took me about 14h to finish it- I didn't encounter any bugs."
,Recommended,265610,19742551,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,alvinau2000,Awesome game. Lots of reference. Definitely worth it!
76561198255027733,Recommended,265610,30744946,Posted: 26 March,all,Loyalty,"I honestly grew up with this game and when I saw it on Steam, I flipped. To be honest, the game is a full fledged RPG with humorous characters and jokes, as well as a fully thought out battle system. The addon of Battle Mountain is also a huge plus, allowing players access to 100% of the content of the game. 10/10 would play again."
76561198159492576,Recommended,265610,22264610,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,juggernautmia,its fun alittle lag at times but fun
,Recommended,265610,22068169,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CmmdrRosh,"A fun and self deprecating sense of humor can take you a long ways. A fun cast that doesn't take this game too seriously and exciting challenges, Epic Battle Fantasy is a little throw back to the turn-based RPGs. Its wit, sense of humor and references will keep you throughly entertained."
76561198125030007,Recommended,265610,22096047,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,gardath DATA,The name of the game pretty much sums up the review. Words cannot discribe how much fun this game is. I just wish epic fantasy battle 1.2 and 3 where on steam
,Recommended,265610,22388321,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Cloud375,Its great for those who liked Turn-Based Games and there is a lot of grinding to do but in the end its all worth it if your in for the extras it gives you that you don't get for playing the free version.
76561198112855405,Recommended,265610,22279842,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ben A.,"I havn't played this tittle since the first in the seriese release. This game plays great just as the previous versions, and the characters are very enjoyable. Great game for a casual couple hours of playtime, would recommend."
,Recommended,265610,22246932,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,FlareonandCake,"-Starts game--Sees theres a fox slime--Freaks out and wants a plushie-Seriously, this game is really awesome, the humor in this game is just too funny.xD"
76561198261872450,Recommended,265610,22247379,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,EGOIST_IC,"I don't think I need to try and sell out the game; there are already tonnes of people doing it. However, having completed everything in the game, there is one little thing that irks me: while 2nd and 3rd quest (and maybe epic difficulty) add some replay value, it does get very boring. You do the same thing that you've done in the previous run-throughs except you keep your items etc.Also wish there was something else to do with items other than for it to be used to forge weapons and armours.It's a good game. Now get itya b****rd"
,Recommended,265610,12991863,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,stamatrix,"Rarely do i find a turn based RPG so interesting! Guaranteed, manyhours of playing without getting bored. Excellent scenario, Magical Graphics and awesome characters. For all tbrpg fans out there buy it. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,265610,14883003,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,gunsage,"Initially the plot and writing comes off as derivative, stupid, and fairly juvenile.  This doesn't change throughout the course of the game, but it doesn't seem to hurt it either.  The battle system is fast, fun, and addictive.  The puzzles range from simple to mind-bending.  The amount of quests you get as well as bonus upgradeables is fairly extensive as well.  If you can get through the first initial groanings of the plot, you will find an incredibly fun experience."
,Recommended,265610,14866674,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,β CVn,"Ok, so, once upon a time there was this guy named Matt, and he decided ""I'll make an RPG cause why not.""So then Epic Battle Fantasy was made, and it was cool.A few months later, Matt talked to this girl who went by Phyrnna, and was like ""You wanna help me out with this?"" and she was like ""k""So then EBF 2 was made, and it was great.So the, Matt was on his throne of loot, and he was like ""this isn't working"" and so he gave EBF open world mechanics, side quests, and loads of other♥♥♥♥♥♥And so, EBF 3 was made, and it was AWESOME.2 spinoffs later, Matt decided to then just go ""eh screw it"" and made another, this time with more length, sidequests, enemies, equipment, skills, strategy, and of course, amazing goddamn music.And so EBF 4 was made.And it was concluded that the game was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.Ok, so, actual review:STORYTIMEThe story isn't much to ride home about, but it's enough to keep the game moving along, so it sorta works. It is still moderately engaging, and doesn't just devolve to ""go here because we aren't gonna say"". At least I can still remember what happened in the game.6/10? 6/10.The GraphicsVery colorful, slightly animu style graphics that are all in all nice to look at. Also, goddamn, some of those abilities are amazing visually (mostly the limit breaks).8/10 m8The GameplayMy first runthrough was on normal mode, cause I'm a ♥♥♥♥♥. But I'm currently trying to get through the game on Hard and later on Epic, so yeah.Basically, this game doesn't fall into the common RPG problem of being able to just spam normal attack to win except on bosses or something, and actually requires a large amount of strategy to get through it. You actually need to be able to adapt to situations, and exploit certain weaknesses to be able to defeat certain enemies (ex. That Goddamn Cosmic Monolith)Exploration is also awarded well in this game too. There are several points in the game where backtracking and exploration can be very useful to you, mostly after you get key items. As well, this game has two optional areas, one small and pretty easy, with the other being basically a super dungeon where the enemies scale to your level and you fight some really powerful bosses. (Again, ♥♥♥♥ cosmic monoliths.)Also, there are a metric ton of deifferent pieces of equipment to customize your character with, allowing you to find a way to fit almost any situation by the time you begin the New Game+ runthroughs.Also, the two NG+ runthroughs cause the enemies to level up with you. That's pretty damn awesome.10/10 Am playing againMusicYou ever heard of Phyrnna? No? well you should listen to her songs. The EBF 4 soundtrack, along with the soundtrakcs for EBF 3 and 2 provide some of the best songs I have heard in a video game ever. Weshdoor Concert? Amazing. Derelict Factory of Twisted Metal? Amazing. Outside the Battlements? Amazing. The Rim of Battle Mountain? Amazing. Fallen Blood? Best final boss theme ever. Every single track here is amazing, and you should listen to all of it.10/10 would listen to Fallen Blood for the fiftieth timesrsly, get this game, also is pretty funny.9/10 am playing several times again."
,Recommended,265610,14704470,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Twiggzy,Ok so I just bought this game the other day since it was on sale. Needless to say I am not dissapointed! This game is really well done. It breaks the 4th wall alot in here and some of the dialog is funny. The combat system is amazing. I really have missed playing games like this!
76561198043458797,Recommended,265610,14711114,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DMLandale,The 4th game in series that i have enjoyed for quite some time now. If you like turn based rpgs i would recommend getting this or if you are quite sure yet either play the earlier games or try this game on kongregate for free.
76561198091433293,Recommended,265610,14902529,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,DeChaotischeDraakZoon,EBF4 is a fun RPG that you can easily lose yourself laughing in also you can molest pigs and chickens. plus cats well they mean you no arm.
,Recommended,265610,14949988,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,BloodyZombie117,Easily the best JRPG on the market. The game has great replay value and a lot of strategic thinking.
76561198057025519,Recommended,265610,14807734,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,chelseaking7,"I love this game, I played it for 3 days straight!"
76561198066554218,Recommended,265610,14842871,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Taliesin,"This game is amazing, The steam version is totally worth it. If you are as big a fan of turn based RPGS as I am, This is pretty much going to be your holy grail.The characters are quirky and the game doesn't take itself to seriously.The amount of bonus content is staggering, i'm over 70 hours in, and I still havent beaten everything yet.Some parts of the game can drag on though, and to getting to the best part of the game (the third quest.) can be a bit tedious, buts its really worth it.9/10"
,Recommended,265610,14643323,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,jura179,"im not to fond of the entire storyline, but the combat system alone is worth playing, puzzles are pretty decent, requires u to think and start over. boss battles require you to actually think about what your doing. and upgrading equipment and charecters is a bit of a grind, like it should be in most rpg's."
,Recommended,265610,14645247,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,iggy,brings  back the older final fantasy days...
,Recommended,265610,14682834,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Dysk1ddy S> #1 Huntsman CH,Childhood comeback is real
76561198119370615,Recommended,265610,14602653,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Nefer Nightbug,"This is not your ordinary game. This game is fun. This game is indeed an epic fantasy of battles.This is a tale of three cities: Greenleaf, Whitefall and Goldenbrick. One day, a ranger from Greenleaf - a girl named Anna - woke up to the most horrible sight: the sacred jewel was missing. For about a year, a team made up of a pirate-samurai, his red mage female partner, an ex-Nazish gun aficando and their limbless cat had wandered the land, pilfering their way through. To be honest, this sort of unscrupulous behavior was mainly because they had defeated an elder demon the previous year, and most of the world owed them a few favors - begrudgingly, perhaps - and really didn't mind. Anna's mind instantly wandered over to this group of heroes, and set out in search of them..."
,Recommended,265610,14585401,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dreicenfel,I've spent way too many hours on this to be proud of both on Steam and on Newgrounds.10/10 - my all-time favorite web-based game
76561198062899091,Recommended,265610,14616928,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ByKe,"Played EBF 1, 2, 3 and 4 over Kongregate and will play it all over again to support the awesome developpers who made this RPG paradise for fans of the genre :D"
,Recommended,265610,14634998,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,SmackMyLoveFlaps,"I have played this before, for a few hours, never even beaten it yet. It's sort of a challenge, really.The comments they make, what happens when they die ""BRB"", or even the remarks they give when going to another tile. It's amazing.If you have played the other three, I recommend this to you. I give this a 8/10 due to it is free on Kongregate."
,Recommended,265610,14636888,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,blackelemental,"EBF4 is a fantastic JRPG with very nice aesthetics, fun & strategic turn-based gameplay, and lots of references to make you smirk even a bit. The entire series is pretty good, but EBF4 takes the same elements from the previous games and improves on them in every way. You can play it for free on Kong, but the paid version has some extra content and it supports the devs. If you like turn-based combat with a side of cats, jigges ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°), and gr8 banter, you'll truly enjoy this gem.EBF5 pls :DEdit: Btw, the game's soundtrack is quite phenomenal. You'll enjoy that too."
76561198006679820,Recommended,265610,14639685,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,The_Trickster,Fantastic bit of old skool adventuring. Love it.
,Recommended,265610,20063717,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,JohnMiner,I bought this instead of playing the flash version because of the maid armor.10/10 Totally worth it!
76561198162413831,Recommended,265610,24414044,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,You Can't See Me,"Sadly this game is too choppy to play. Could run cs go fine, but this game... I don't know why its doing this"
,Recommended,265610,18782016,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Awsumchari,I've been playing the series since I was about 12 and all that existed of it was the first. I've loved them all and kept up with the side games. The references are great and the humor is amazing. I'd gladly pay for more.
76561197974893913,Recommended,265610,24403826,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ChibiHeroDan,Forever a fan for a dream where copyright and true creativity stands firm in the face of....G-God cats...? alright.
,Recommended,265610,13161039,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SerinVeya,"I've been a fan of the Epic Battle Fantasy since I first found the original on Newgrounds five years ago. Seeing the series evolve as much as it has, finally reaching an actual release on Steam? It's a great sight.I've never been a fan of JRPGs, but I never found EBF to be frustratingly difficult. It requires the right enough amount of micromanagement, planning, and strategy to appeal to both casual and hardcore RPG players. It's also got a very parody-minded sense of humor that's usually quite fun and rarely runs dry. One example in it's favor is South Park: The Stick of Truth, which I did like for it's humor, but the tongue-in-cheek delivery kind of killed it for me halfway. EBF doesn't do that, and I'm glad about that.While my only real complaint would be the relative lack of backstory to cover the events of past games for those who might be new to these games, it's never so drawn out and overly complicated to not pick up on quickly. If you're looking for a new RPG to add to your library, I'd definitely make no higher recommendations."
,Recommended,265610,24783031,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Darkblazemaster,10/10 Can't wait for 5
76561198063542647,Recommended,265610,24765984,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Crabs For Breakfast,"I've watched and played this series since the first game (even though the 2nd one was about to be released a couple weeks later), and i've fallen in love. Then when i heard for the third game it was going to be based on exploration more then waves, I was super pumped, and that excitedness was not misplaced. Then the fourth one came and I was RIDICOUSLY excited, I told my friends the same story and about the game. Which it turned out a couple of my fans where fans too. I always wanted to support the creators but didnt know how without paypal, etc. since i was still young. BUT NOW ITS ON STEAM!!! So i bought the game and even after also bought the friend pack despite all ready buying it just so i could support them even more... BUY THIS GAME! this seris has brought me so many good memories over the years, and I want others to experiance the same adventure...."
76561198018943226,Recommended,265610,21662108,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Larimar,"Addictive gameplay, Awesome music, Lovable characters, Silly humour. I really liked this game :-)"
76561198029977340,Recommended,265610,20808135,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,umbras2022,lots of fun great turn style rpg love the graphics with loads of challenging battles
76561197970542273,Recommended,265610,20884546,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,RichOldMan,"Very pleasant game though I've yet to finish it. Combat is simple: choose attacks or spells, reorder your players, or change equipment. Weapon and equipment selection didn't matter much for me until the final area. Weapons and equipment are upgradeable so item drop become important. It features an area with difficult waves of enemies that don't provide experience, just items. Overall relaxing to play. This is the only one in the series I've played, so I don't know how it compares."
,Recommended,265610,21085584,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Fox,a very good game. i played it back when it was a flash game and it was great and now im glad to see theyre making a little off of it on steam.
,Recommended,265610,20806055,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Jamerduhgamer,"If you played Epic Battle Fantasy 1-3 then this game is a must. If you haven't, I recommend trying out those games (in order) before playing this one. Even then, this game is easy to learn if you haven't played the others and is a great game with a lot of content."
,Recommended,265610,21002240,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Neptune,"EBF 4 is a game about 3 kleptomanic heroes who accidentally endanger the entire world. Again.This game features a very good artstyle, music and an excellent gameplay.The combat in this game is made in a early RPG fashion - 3 heroes out of the 4 available are in active combat and it's turnbased.It also does feature a high degree of customization as you can select the combination of your party and some of their respective skills yourself.So, for anyone out there who is a fan of good old RPG-fun ... I do recommend this game for you."
76561198144956911,Recommended,265610,20986623,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gryvphix,"Phenomenal game, I cannot reccomend it enough for lovers of turn based RPG's."
,Recommended,265610,20971438,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Aemelius,"I was looking for a game to stray away from my action RPG binge in the last few weeks. I wanted something easy to play and comedic. Epic Battle Fantasy 4 was my pick.This game concept is very interesting. It borrows a lot from the classical JRPGs of the old days, but it also adds its own flavor to the mix. The graphics are unique and are based on Flash animations, similar to lots of web games, which I loved.The dialogue, and the battle system, is filled with humor, dark humor, internet humor, memes, references to classical JRPGs, etc.This game was designed for internet-savvy audience to enjoy it. There is a lot to love about this game.I never played the previous games in this series, however, I can not wait to see what is next. I am striving to have a 100% achievement score on this one. This feeling is similar to when I used to play Pokemon, and gotta catch'em all vibe, it was tedious to do yet fun and we wanted to do it. EBF4 is definitely in that category of games. Players will not only enjoy its humor and battle system, but also will enjoy being completionists.I recommend this game to any RPG, JRPG, humor, internet, and anime fans. All of you will enjoy it.P.S.The ""Pervert"" achievement was the best!"
76561198116488836,Recommended,265610,20959112,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,TapeKnot,"Crashes from time to time, but other than that, I love this game!"
76561198038442429,Recommended,265610,26454079,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Rockinoni,"Great game. Good art, good music, fun turn based combat. Can be a nice challenge too, if you play on epic difficulty."
76561198189225437,Recommended,265610,24580604,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,tobias_2007,"very fun, and funny JRPG10/10"
76561198169311278,Recommended,265610,24588984,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Zero_D_Demon,fun and easy to follow
,Recommended,265610,24711708,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,maik444fortes,"In a sentence: Simple, but tons of fun. It's a basic RPG in the old school turn-based style, but a well-crafted one and full of charm. Great entry point for those inexperienced in turn-based JRPGs and curious to try them out, because of it's simplicity: Everything about the game is easy to grasp and satisfying to master. The combat and customization will never get you lost and yet decisions are not entirely brainless, the exploration is rewarding and backtracking never feels like a chore, the level and grinding curve is done just right. Seasoned veterans of the RPG genre may find it too basic, and they'd be right, but even them can find something to love about this game."
,Recommended,265610,24528125,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Humdudgeon,"A great sequel to what was previously a newgrounds series of games, that continues with its original ideas and gameplay, whilst providing a fun RPG experience, with puzzles and the like, including a funny dialogue placed in to the game. And, well, jiggle physics yo."
76561198063512229,Recommended,265610,25453688,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,no more aids,Awesome game. Been playing these games sense number 2 came out and they're always a great time.
76561198019656101,Recommended,265610,25596716,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,GuitarKirby,"Great fun, especially if you've played the previous titles. Classic RPG archetypes. Complex, but if you understand RPGs, you'll catch on quickly. Lots of funny dialogue, great artwork, adorable enemy and player designs - could spend hours just looking at it. Easily worth the 12 bucks I spent. Have a blast!"
76561198093357928,Recommended,265610,26528164,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lt. Apple Butter,20/10 endgame is hard as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,265610,26496868,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,D4v3 D4v3 >:],this game was amazing i loved every secont of it the diolog the fights the atacks and mutch more made my play this game a bunch i cant wight untill the 5th one (btw can you make another zombie goku fight or make him a summon >:])
76561198077580784,Recommended,265610,26491886,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,PeaceOnFire,"To start, I've played this and most of the other games in this series before on Kongregate. I was EXTREMELY happy to be able to buy this on steam as I couldn't keep my save online around long enough to actually beat it. So to have a save that I know will be here when I come back to play it again even if I get a new comp, or new Provider, or move, easily made it worth  the money spent. I should mention i tried to beat this game 6-7 times online over the years and never suceeded before it came to steam."
76561198306219845,Recommended,265610,30979274,Posted: 6 April,all,HighZz,"WOW, ive played through this 4 times and i dont enjoy it any less each time! i am having fun completeing all of the acheivments and i would rate this game a solid 8.5/10"
76561198039746673,Recommended,265610,28502952,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,See you Space Cowboy...,"Best RPG combat system I've played in my life (have played about 40 RPGs). This game is not easy and you really have to think and understand it to play on harder difficulties (and you must min-max to win on hardest), but you can enjoy lower difficulty without much thought if you prefer to just have fun. About 50-100 hours of content. Fun and detailed art style, TONS of personality, a lot of scenario variety, and lots of humor.  I haven't had this much fun playing an RPG since I was a kid playing FFX.I cannot recommend this game highly enough. Istronglysuggest you stop reading, buy this game (small file-size) and if for some reason you aren't wholly, ridiculously and entirely entertained... well, you can just refund it then (unlikely scenario)."
76561198071974669,Recommended,265610,28463790,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Tom Venables,"This is a very fun indie RPG.  It's light hearted, cheeky dialogue and enemies are very memorable and endearing.  I've played it through 4 full times and haven't gotten sick of it yet.Pros:- The music is unbelievably good.  Phyrnna (the composer) is up there with the best in the business.  While the game is great, the single most impressive aspect is the music.- The underlying battle system is very well balanced and expansive.  Tons of skills, summons, items, weapons, variety and it also works well.  You don't find yourself having to rely on the same tactic over and over.  Different enemies require different tactics.- The dialogue is really enjoyable.  Many, many hilarious lines in this game.- Nice variety of achievements to add replay value.- Characters have strong personalities and are very unique.  Quite memorable.- Puzzles are fun, not too common and well designed.- The game itself is nicely designed and does a good job of rewarding you for searching for secrets (hidden treasures and stuff, nothing super important)Cons:- Can feel a bit grindy at times especially when you get to the battles that have 3 waves.  Fortunately amazing music is there to take the edge off.- Not enough reason to utilize your 4th character.  It's too easy to just park Lance in the back up slot and never use him.  He's a fun character, but Anna is the better support character since she has access to the party defense up and reflex up buffs.  Lance just can't keep up with her and thus gets overlooked for important battles.Overall:This is unquestionably a fun, well made game.  The game knows what it is trying to be and pulls it off extraordinarily well.  Kupo Games is a one man, independent studio who puts out high quality games at good prices.  For the price, this game is a no brainer.  I couldn't recommend it more strongly!"
,Recommended,265610,28522427,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,jinsum15,"One of the best RPG games I have played.I had originally played the online Kongregate version way before the Steam version released. Everything from the characters to the anime references and memes are memorable. Gameplay is fair, it isn't too hard on normal, and although it is challenging to beat on Epic (very hard), it is not relentlessly so. This version also contains features that were not present in the Kongregate version, such as the Battle Mountain, as well as new pieces of equipment. The music is phenomenonal. Fitting for the scenario and masterfully made. Overall a great game.Pros: Improves upon what made the previous version better and adds more replay value. Good music. Humourous. Great difficulty. Addicting.Cons: The challenges imposed by Battle Mountain may be too rigourous for some, and that could lead to frustration (also, the final boss, lol). But other than that, I cannot seem to find any other bad things about this game."
,Recommended,265610,28387963,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,✪ Hibiki ✪,I really like the gameIt so funny :D
,Recommended,265610,12690325,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sid1120,"Was a great buy on sale and heck of a nice surprise.The gameplay is simple, but very enjoyable in that ""old JRPG meets quirky environment"" kind of way."
76561198020789829,Recommended,265610,12974918,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Zophorus,"Amazing game. Light hearted-humor, tons of breaking-the-fourth-wall moments. Great combat system with good item and skill level ups. Story is decent, no surprises but keeps you entertained. Fantastic music both when walking and while in combat. If you are a fan of turn-based RPG games, definitely get this."
,Recommended,265610,12868785,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,?DUCK?,"Very fun game, with a lot of visual variety and with enemies and bosses so that you frequently need to rethink your strategies and not just spam the same attacks every battle. Also has a lot of content, with optional extra hard content which is also quite enjoyable."
76561198045309473,Recommended,265610,12713061,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Frozno The Mystical Rakshasa,Really good game indeed!As a big fan of Turn based RPGs and RPGs in general I would really recommend this game. With it's great mix of commedy and references as well as some strategy for the harder battles on epic.
76561198043988207,Recommended,265610,12750161,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,NeverAsked4This,"It's a great game. I've played all of the Epic Battle Fantasy games, and this one is my favorite. Despite my dislike of uncouth humor (and there is quite a bit of uncouth humor), I find this game to be quite enjoyable. And there is also humor that I do like, so there's that. There's more content here than you can get play in any short period of time.It's a FInal Fantasy-esque game, so if you are familiar with that, it is easy enough to figure out. Click on this, click on that, enemies get exploded/shot/sliced/arrow'd/. Level up skills with skill points. Use items.If I were to make one complaint, it would be that it doesn't have a Mac version. The dev said that it won't be happening for a while, so if you don't have a Windows computer, you might be out of luck.Matt does, in fact, like swords. Even if they aren't actually swords."
76561198040585067,Recommended,265610,20251604,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ershiin,"Played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this and the previous titles on newgrounds ages ago.Then one day I read it had come out on steam and wanted to support it by buying it, had no real intention of touching it again.Now i'm at 26hours just on the steam version alone... And I dont even want to think about how much of that was spent popping slimes."
,Recommended,265610,20332325,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,FieldArmada,Beautifully funny. Off-the-wall humor is perfectly paced.
,Recommended,265610,20468486,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Jessica Nøødles,"one of the best games in my library, worth the money"
76561198034435234,Recommended,265610,20378299,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,i'm a grill deal with it,"started game, stole panties, finished game, started again, stole more panties10/10 would steal again"
,Recommended,265610,16319888,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,diogames,"From flash-game websites to steam, Matt Roszak's Epic Battle Fantasy is truly a masterpiece: Fun plot, nice anime-style artwork, tons of items and equipments to collect, hours and hours of epic boss battles... this game has it all. For hardcore RPG fans and also for newcomers to the genre, EBF4 delivers the very best in turn-based strategy."
,Recommended,265610,20358448,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Gugugaga2001,"THIS GAME was one of the best memories of my childhoodwen i first saw it i could not buy it becaus i did not have enough money...but i do nowi remember playing it on y8 it was a really fun game i was only allowd to play sertain levels and pre prepared itemsso i could play a demo of itand that was epic battle fantasy 3i was looking all over the net for the fourth and i could not find it but here it is after a few yearsim really happy to have found this and im not dissapointed on buying it its a really good game if you whant to hear my opinioni still love this game and so should youill give it a  9/10the -1 is for taking sooooooooooooOOOOoo long to find it ;-;enjoy the game :Di love the part where every enemy is really cute in its own way (accept for the undead)i like the idea of the item usag in this game and what i really love about the story is that they did not just kill the original old characters, they made them come back to this game with a new character and did it like proshappy jewelry hunting i know i will"
76561198128154350,Recommended,265610,20554787,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ichaival,"As evidenced by my 100+ hours on this game, I really loved it. I have been a fan of all of Matt's games and this one was one of his best. He expanded so much on an already amazing game (EBF3), and did a damn good job of it. Can't wait for 5.P.S. apparently Nat got pregnant in 3?"
,Recommended,265610,20037093,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mauve-,A game where you can freely murder cats.
76561198274967578,Recommended,265610,20574983,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Umbreon,this game is fun and addictive when you are able to go to certain parts. battle mountain is hard but fun and it challanges those who are a weaker lvl. i've only played maybe ten hours and i'm only in the desert and jungle and my levels are all below 25 but higher than 20 and bosses and reg. monsters are getting smarter and harder. i love how you have to go back to previous areas and kill monsters for the items you need to upgrade your weapons and armor.      GREAT GAME!!! :)
,Recommended,265610,20048243,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bilbo,"A really fun, and funny game. I'm surprised by just how much I enjoyed this.The skills are cool, and some are amusing (Like dropping a tank on top of your enemies), and I was playing simply to unlock more skills to see what they were like.There isn't a lot of dialogue, and most of it's just random comments from the characters when you use new attacks are find something new, etc. Although not really bad in a game like this, it'd be better if there was more story to it, no matter how much seriousness said story lacks.It's not all that difficult if you play on normal, most enemies are some kind of creature crossed with an element, and so have weaknesses, you get a scan bot that lets you see said weaknesses so honestly as long as you don't forget to keep your weapons and skills diverse you're going to be fine. Each area generally has a focus on one or two elements, so you can focus on those with your weapons as well.The shop so far has been pretty pointless. I've not completed it yet, but I've literally only bought a few coffees from it before a boss, you don't really use items enough to use up the ones you find, and the weapons you find are generally good as well. Getting materials for crafting is simply a case of grinding as well.Better quests would be good, it seems all the npc's just want food, even just a ""kill n monsters"" or something would keep it more interesting. Just going out and fighting is fun enough in itself though, so it's not really a big issue.I feel like I've complained a bit about it, but despite everything I've said, the game is genuinly enjoyable, which is generally the biggest factor in a game."
76561198255992183,Recommended,265610,20072914,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Drizztgeass,I can't recomend this game enough.
,Recommended,265610,19893609,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,「spacebox83」,"Weird glitch, can't stop playing.. [spoiler ] Seriously, I need to pee. [/spoiler]"
,Recommended,265610,18293594,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,redictor,"It's long, it's fun, it has a wide variety of enemy types and elements and weapons plus armor... why are you still reading this? Play it already!"
76561198134135489,Recommended,265610,19867274,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Morrow,"A ridiculously fun game that will have you clenching your fists during the tough battles that make you want to pretend you are like the hulk and punch walls. However, then you quickly realize you are human and break your knuckles. Don't worry though, the comedy and parodies galore in the game will take all that stress away and make you crack up laughing. Has very nice customization, weapons, skills, and I love how the characters react to the battle and their own new skills. This game is a walking parody with a great storyline. 10/10. NO LEGS I CHOOSE YOU!"
,Recommended,265610,19979345,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DreadScourge,"Been a fan since you started the series way back when. Always wanted a game that pulled it all together.I'm not a huge fan of the character design (at least for humans) outside of battles, as it seems inconsistent with the rest presented. A few of the inventories could stand to be combined instead of having a separate one for equipping and upgrading. Those are the only two glaring flaws I'd noticedExcellent battles, characters, weapons, items. Oh and the art is gorgeous, staying true to the style but looking more clear and pretty than ever. Awesome game.TL;DR 10/10 would earn ""Pervert"" again."
,Recommended,265610,19966381,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Beansman,Its a good game with good music and some funny jokes.
,Recommended,265610,19927180,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Zerkia,"Loved the game when I found it on Kongregate, and when I found the difference between the Steam and Kongregate version, I got it here..Great game, but it lacks a windows borderless function and a 1920x1080 resolution button."
76561198142986425,Recommended,265610,19931203,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,WildFire,I LOVE IT
,Recommended,265610,20157422,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,terraknor,I have been playing the second and first game with my sister and we loved itI now have this and i have beaten the game twice and scaned all enemies but one leftThis gameI want to complete this game 10/10
,Recommended,265610,14777975,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Kaiige10,"I played the first 3 games on Newgrounds a while back and recently found this on steam, so I bought it and was blown away because of charming and fun it was. I highly recommend this to anyone that is a fan of Final Fantasy or RPG's in general."
76561197960558179,Recommended,265610,14671429,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Tokyo31,"A fun and funny polished rpg game. Its  light hearted and has all the fundamental ellements of a good rpg. well worth the purchase.If you spent anytime on Newgrounds back in the day, this is a must have."
,Recommended,265610,14724201,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Haxdal,"Bought the game to show support for the dev after a twitter statement he made, didn't expect to like the game at all since I generally dislike jrpg style games but after testing it I ended up playing it for a few hours and then some more.  This game is a pleasant surprise. Good characters, funny jokes, bunch of 4th wall breaks, nonsensical conversations (in a good way) and the combat makes me want to reevaluate my stance on jrpg's.  If you like games that don't take themselves seriously then this is a good one to try out."
,Recommended,265610,14726671,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Paradox,"I honestly could not stress how much I recommend this game to RPG enthusiasts. I played the Epic Battle Fantasy series when it was just an evolving flash series (with a really fun bullet hell offshoot) on Kongregate. I loved each and every iteration, and I loved EBF4 to the point I sat down and went full nerd-out on it with writing things down, calculating, minmaxing, the whole nerd-works. I loved it enough I actually put money towards the microtransaction it had. When I heard it was coming to Steam, I was super hype for it, but I never was able to get around to snatching it. Now that I have it, i've revisited it and am having just as much fun - if not more! - than I was on Kongregate.The game itself is what I would call a tribute parody. The entire thing is self-aware of its genre, but also faithful to what it's parodying. Classic turn based combat with a rock-paper-scissors elemental / buff / debuff system, many items to equip to this end, a buttload of spells and abilities both natural to each character AND others that can be passed between each. Saving on the fly, resuming on the fly, overworld monster encounters instead of the random encounters we all are used to from classic RPGs, and those monsters tend to disappear permanently if they areb locking your main path. The scanbot allows you quick reference mid-battle to what an enemy is capable of, while also giving you a permanent bestiary entry for later reference. There are plenty of other features that really speak that an RPG enthusiast is behind the development, who has gone through the caveats and annoying nuances that many RPGs over the years have tossed at us that plenty a gamer have thrown their hands up at in rage. There is an abundance of humor, including puns, references, tropes and similar things that make fun of itself and its genre, and also referring to other games, series, memes, etc. without being overbearing and causing you to roll your eyes.tl;dr: This is an RPG made by, and for, RPG lovers, and I could honestly say you're missing out if you pass this up and are an avid player of RPGs."
,Recommended,265610,14739894,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,TERATICUS,This game is awesome! A must to have for sure!
76561198116727471,Recommended,265610,28848956,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Feylos,"This reminds me of a classic snes era rpg... I've missed it so much.Seriously just read the key features, that's all you need to know about the game.Big points to the music this game, nice job HalcyonicFalconX8.5/10Personal cons:-some RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t everynow and again that no matter what game I play, it always seems to follow me-uh... that's about it"
76561198067493972,Recommended,265610,30040341,Posted: 19 February,all,DoktorHamster,"HAIL GODCAT, DESTROYER OF ALLHEY YOU!DO YOU LIKE FINAL FANTASY?DO YOU WISH SOMEONE MADE AN AWESOME PARODY WITH REALLY AWESOME METAL MUSIC?Yeah. That's this game.That's it. That's the review.(Beware of the fanservice girls. They're sneaky.)"
,Recommended,265610,30179839,Posted: 25 February,all,awsome man 2313,"Okay first off, If you are having trouble with lag, Change the resolution in the options before complaining in reviews. Anyways, I have been playing this game for probably a year now, (Replayed 3 times) and it never fails to be entertaining. I always loved this game, I would recomend it to anyone who likes Final Fanticy, because this game is like it, Altough it is really fun, sometimes is get anoyying, With some foes changing their weaknesses and strenghts every attack, but thats expected. Definitly would recomend :D"
,Recommended,265610,30211171,Posted: 26 February,all,I'm A Noob,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is the bees knees.Just play it god damn it.
76561198046038030,Recommended,265610,30249055,Posted: 28 February,all,littlewill007,"This is a simple but fun flash game. At the time I was in such a rush to play it as soon as steam put it up for sale I bought it. It is kinda a knock off version of Final Fantasy. It is a turn based game. If you want to buy it go ahead but I would recommend instead save that money for another game, go and find it on some random flash game site and play it for free. It is a game worth playing and if you do choose to buy it it is worth playing but if you can play it for free why not just play it for free."
76561198377782672,Recommended,265610,31263792,Posted: 20 April,all,massive.eyes,One of my favorite games. It brings back fond memories of when I used to play on Kongregate.
76561198157201361,Recommended,265610,30332470,Posted: 5 March,all,Mineswee,this game feels like a rushed rpg not in the sense of it not being done well but more along the lines of somebody making a draft using bulletpoints and then straight up built the game around those bulletpoints so the game feels crammed so to speakthe gameplay is fine though
76561198094766558,Recommended,265610,30269560,Posted: 1 March,all,a cactus,Amazing game
,Recommended,265610,31021985,Posted: 8 April,all,master o' ba,it's epic.
76561198146277405,Recommended,265610,31570225,Posted: 5 May,all,TheSourPatchKid27,I love this game and I've been playing ebf since I was 6. I can't wait for ebf 5 to come out. Definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,265610,18716551,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Artist1337,"Very good turn-based strategy, many funny jokes and cute graphics. And soundtrack is just awesome."
76561198133340506,Recommended,265610,31809105,Posted: 17 May,all,Officially Satan,This:http://www.kongregate.com/games/kupo707/epic-battle-fantasy-3but betre!
76561198063284167,Recommended,265610,31893525,Posted: 21 May,all,Ytrail,Better than expected. Didn't want to stop playing. Very addictive!
,Recommended,265610,31883952,Posted: 21 May,all,Matt the Gamerboy,"Ever since i played my first EBF game until now i can safely say that this is one of the best RPG series out there, great humor, cool designs for the characters and enemies, absolutely amazing Limit Break attacks, everything one could ever ask for when looking for an RPG, i'd say it was worth the money for the countless hours of fun i had, and if you are into achievements, then you're in for some challenge! from simple things like clicking on a character's breasts (yes that is a thing) to killing a team of dark clones of your team on the hardest dificulty, and oh boy, the damage achievements.So, if you are into lots of humor, an epic adventure and maybe even some achievement hunting, i'd say EBF4 is gonna make for a great experience"
,Recommended,265610,32049695,Posted: 29 May,all,Kazul,"Great game, better than I expected it would be. Highly recommend you give it a try it."
76561198327224852,Recommended,265610,30987352,Posted: 6 April,all,DarkLordAparat,"By Far This Is One Of My Favorite RPG Games, And Trust Me, I've Played A Metric ♥♥♥♥ton Of RPG Games. I Highly Recommend This Game."
76561198119873821,Recommended,265610,28327985,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,eewdoggiepoo,"It's a fun game, made even better if you have a guide handy. I've played the others in the series too but it's not really necessary to have played them to understand this one. THe only downs I've come across is it will after some time start seriously lagging, sometimes to the point of locking up completely during particularly active battles. I have a pretty decent computer setup and even with it running on my SSD I have this problem. I would blame it on the limitations of Flash. Fortunately it auto saves each screen so when it does lock up you won't lose much progress."
,Recommended,265610,28662460,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Crow,"I've been playing the EBF series ever since I was a kid. I played on the browser so when I saw this and EBF3 on Steam, I flipped out and immediately bought this as soon as it was on sale and I got enough money. I definitely recommend the whole series 100%. It's a great RPG series and unique in it's own special way. Buying this was the best Christmas present I have ever gotten.Also Lance is my favorite."
76561198218696369,Recommended,265610,28817669,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sudtrap,"A highly polished gem that takes the older Final Fantasy battle system, and does it really right.ProsThe battle system -Highly polished. Enemies can attack in waves.Summoning done in an intelligent way that makes them significantly more useful.Incredibly enemy variety. It seems like nearly every screen in the game introduces new enemies to fight.Plenty of strategy in battlesCharacters CustomizationSecrets are littered throughout the game, if you like collecting items.The characters, although cheesy were enjoyable.ConsThe story, being a parody isn't particularly great, but it's not terrible.I think the ending was a little disappointing.Overall - I give this game a 9/10. If it were made by squeenix, or some other large company I would give it an 8.5/10.It's all around excelllent, and I really enjoyed it. And this game has cats.How can it go wrong?"
76561198047784395,Recommended,265610,32202907,Posted: 5 June,all,Dinosaur of Doom,ever since i was a little kiddo i loved the EBF games. just buy this game already.
,Recommended,265610,32525602,Posted: 17 June,all,HolyFighter16,Great game. What more is to say?
76561198061374123,Recommended,265610,33254686,Posted: 4 July,all,Robotic_Toymaker,A fun game that will pass the time.
,Recommended,265610,33036587,Posted: 30 June,all,Chicken Biscuit,Should you buy it if you like the previous EBF games and/or like classic rpgs?YES! YES! YES! YES!Should you buy it if you are a fan of rpgs?YES! YES! YES! YES!Does it have NoLegs?YES! YES! YES! YES!
,Recommended,265610,29257242,Posted: 14 January,all,BeautifulMistake,"When I first saw this game, I thought it was just another run of the mill clicker rpg thing... I hadn't ever played any of the ones before this in the series so I didn't know what to expect.Now that I've played a bit, I'm hooked! It constantly makes fun of the genre, the characters are animated and lovable inside and outside of combat. The skills and all of that which is usually something that takes time to learn in other games, was a breeze to catch up on and deal with.All in all, an enjoyable, comical game. Worth the 11 bucks and time spent on it. :)"
76561198193274777,Recommended,265610,27620148,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,storo03 #TLCS,"I think this is a great RPG game and the combat system is great, I mostly enjoyed the funny dialogues and we can officially call matt the lord of references, the characters obviously seem to have.....issues with each other and tend to insult or joke each other"
,Recommended,265610,29836263,Posted: 10 February,all,Habunan,"A anime chibi style art , simple rpg , good humor and  a lot of easter egg, what more do you want?"
76561198000366578,Recommended,265610,29951757,Posted: 15 February,all,Whatever,10/10 NoLegs is the true hero.
,Recommended,265610,29801471,Posted: 9 February,all,Zudakaimi,"Im so in love with this game. Funny and interesting to follow plot, nice and comfortable combat and you shoul buy this."
76561198134511021,Recommended,265610,30005274,Posted: 18 February,all,LordJohn88,"The Epic Battle Fantasy series in general is great to play.  Fun, relaxing, comedic, nostalgic, and if you're into it, quite challenging if you like to play on the hardest difficulty a lot.  As with a lot of RPGs, I find it's quite difficult to make a route to speed run it, but it's still fun to try and see what the possibilities are."
,Recommended,265610,29989668,Posted: 17 February,all,Stone head with a dumb face,"It's a fair enough game. I would give it a full length review but the easiest way to review this game (I feel) is with a quick summary question (Maybe I'll give it a full review in a few weeks time):Do you enjoy the original Turn-based RPG's of old? If yes, you'll like this game."
76561198024382464,Recommended,265610,29917416,Posted: 14 February,all,babbidi,"+ turn-based combat, with plenty of items, skills, elements, monsters and bosses to keep it interesting+ a few decent puzzles+ fun story and characters"
,Recommended,265610,33055490,Posted: 30 June,all,AVG-CUP,Quite a good game in it's price range and is nice to play
76561198294108798,Recommended,265610,33105031,Posted: 1 July,all,ZeroeJWM,"Awesome game, totally worth the price. Matt keeps improving the game, hope he does the same with Ebf5; improved graphics would be great, and a much more large campaign. Still, perfect game."
76561198045652303,Recommended,265610,33157828,Posted: 2 July,all,Element of Harmony,"The best fantasy turn-based games I've played. Way better than final fantasy or any of that sort. Not much of a story but still fun, relaxing, and casual.Can't wait for the 5th!"
,Recommended,265610,33175596,Posted: 3 July,all,Alpha,"Though im not a fan of RPG games. This game........REALLY GAVE ME GOOD MOOD.... I mean its awesomeAfter you beat the game, you can play again if you wish toWhat I like-Funny Characters-Censorship cause reasons-Constantly breaking 4th walls-cats....and NoLegs (no pun intended)-[strike♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s[/strike]-you need good strategy in order to proceed furthur-Godcat-classic based RPG styleWhat I hate-Getting lagged during fullscreen-no resolution option (well at least fullscreen is fine)-CRASHED or FREEZED during/when you beating the boss due to long fight-That moment you forgot the save you have to do it againThe Story....well... at least its decent, just not great, but not that worse.whythisgamecaterasanime7/10 git gud"
,Recommended,265610,33249906,Posted: 4 July,all,Sir Tentacular,"Of course I would leave 100,000 comments about that.You know what I mean ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198142388245,Recommended,265610,33582566,Posted: 16 July,all,The Travelling Monk,Cutesy Final Fantasy style RPG
,Recommended,265610,33590711,Posted: 16 July,all,Juckoon,Surprisingly great game!- Very simple interface- Offers most of the nostalgic turn based RPG mechanics- Doesn't consume too much time- Low learning curve
76561198119658001,Recommended,265610,34486531,Posted: 25 August,all,Petalwind,"An amazing game just like Matt Roszak's other games! Funny humor, great music, gameplay, puzzles, boss fights and many small details makes you appreciate the game and him even more. And lots of kitties!"
76561198415247168,Recommended,265610,34507277,Posted: 26 August,all,BrandyHutsell,"I have bought this game a couple times, I love this series. I was formative to me when I was young, the soundtrack is splendid. At least 300 hours total for the series over a decade of free games.  I am excited for the 5th game."
76561198278388798,Recommended,265610,34471010,Posted: 24 August,all,FlyFeather,"I love this game... I've played it since EBF2, and I like to see the new ideas and changes to make it difficult and the characters.... This game is the best of the saga and it deserves the time and monoey to play it... 10/10"
76561198302780267,Recommended,265610,34606605,Posted: 30 August,all,WORLDS LARGEST RUBBER DUCK™,Got it for $2 back in steam sales never regreted ita greate rpg for the price you pay and hours of contentdefineatly recommend
,Recommended,265610,34044255,Posted: 5 August,all,Gattaiguy,"Honestly, this must be one of, if not my favorite game on SteamIf you do not know if you will like this game, then try out Epic Battle Fantasy 3It´s free here on Steam and it´s a good introduction to the series"
,Recommended,265610,33477345,Posted: 12 July,all,Kavgacı k*rt,One of the best JRPG games I have ever played. Has very good music and a story line.  10/10
76561198101162769,Recommended,265610,34860537,Posted: 10 September,all,TS42119,Been playing 50 hours.Just realized there's more than clicking the falling idols.10/10.
