user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198030489606,Recommended,265690,9109414,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,jack,"I want to recommend this game. Aesthetically, it's perfect. A dark, forbidding, brutalist world to explore. I've lost count of the times I've just been stunned by the game's architecture, and stopped to look around.Unfortunately, here are some other things I've lost count of:The amount of times I've died and thought 'Really? There hasn't been a checkpoint for THIS LONG?'The amount of times, a few seconds after I respawn or load in, the game has frozen for a second (this happens every time).The amount of times I've been able to see through walls while moving quickly - and come on, this shouldn't happen in a game with textures this simple, should it?The amount of times I've been killed because of how poorly the character movement controls and how short a drop can kill you in this game.The amount of times I've foolishly tried to use the Steam overlay, which crashes the game for me every single time.Aside from actual glitches which I hope will be ironed out in an update, the gameplay itself simply doesn't help. The proportion of the game spent trying to complete absurd platforming challenges instead of being allowed to explore this fascinating environment is unbearable. As for the puzzles, they're essentially fine, but as previously mentioned, falling off a ledge halfway through them is pretty un-fun. And then there's the weird breathing mechanic, which frankly adds nothing to the game.What ultimately stopped me from wanting to continue with the game at all was a section where the player is expected to walk along a lengthy pipe, parts of which are  rotating, others of which move up and down - in what appears to be a wind tunnel. In the particular part of the pipe I was up to, you first have to walk along a series of moving, floating cubes to reach the next section. Then you have to run past some rotating obstacles. Then you have to run along another section with a series of cubes being thrown at you which instantly kill you if you are hit. Then you have to run along some beams that move up and down. Then you die, because a gust of wind has at some point during the aforementioned series of challenges, picked you up and blown you away. Why does this happen? Not sure. How is the player expected to know when the wind is going to become dangerous to them? Don't know. What is the player supposed to do to survive this? No idea. Sometimes the wind simply blows you into a wall, which doesn't hurt, but the wind seemingly never stops once it begins, so you're forced to re-load a save anyway.If I'm missing something blindingly obvious here I apologise, but at the moment I have to treat this game as simply being broken.I can't emphasise enough how much I love the way this game looks and sounds. It really makes you feel small, and the abstract electronic music complements that feeling perfectly. It's just a shame that a game so seemingly great should be so keen with its gameplay to stop me from playing it ever again. NaissanceE is a beautiful art game trapped inside an alpha-release standard puzzle-platformer.UPDATE:So with this review climbing up the store page a bit, felt it was worth updating. I've played a bit more of the game since my initial review, having FINALLY managed to progress beyond that awful platform section. Apparently, the fan automatically blows you away after a certain amount of time, not just at random. I don't know how you're supposed to know this, but there it is. I made it through the area in time, EVENTUALLY.Anyway, the couple of levels after that have actually been fairly simple and enjoyable (and, it goes without saying, aesthetically impressive). I got up to the desert section and haven't played more since, but at this point, the game is no longer throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥in my face constantly, so I feel like I will continue and finish the game when I have time. For this reason, and a couple of others, I'm changing my review to a cautious recommendation.The other reasons are that 1: the developer has announced plans to fix bugs and include more checkpoints in the next patch, which would be a great improvement, and 2: the developer has made clear that the platforming sections were 'old-school' and difficult by choice, not accidentally. And if it's a design choice, I can't exactly treat the game as broken.So it's a reserved recommendation - if you're a fan of atmospheric exploration games, pick this up but be aware that there'll be some real challenges (hopefully more reasonably checkpointed in future) to struggle through unless you're a master platformer. And if you're looking for a hardcore platformer, maybe pick this up but be aware there's a lot of wandering around lost in-between."
76561198026076054,Recommended,265690,12934517,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,minuend,"Short, wonderful game. Takes place in a beautiful and threatening brutalist city of indeterminate size and age built out of ambient occlusion. Reminiscent of the art of Piranesi and Tsutomu Nihei."
,Not Recommended,265690,9140192,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Saga,"Such a conflicting game and NOT one I can recommend sadly.The atmosphere, mystery and exploration elements are FANTASTIC and it has some remarkably unsettling imagery and design but it's crippled by TERRIBLE gameplay decisions.The checkpointing is AWFUL and made significantly worse by some of the worst 'first person platforming' elements this side of Xen, incorporating instant-death booby traps, fiddly jumps, narrow walkways and areas where progression is not sufficiently telegraphed resulting in some stupidly unneccessary deaths. By some accounts there may also be some bugs with the various ""windy"" locations that make the game nigh-on unplayable in places, but I personally never encountered any of those problems.Special mention needs to go to the completely pointless side corridor that warns you ""not to continue this way"", and when you (of course) *DO* continue in that direction the game eventually just unceremoniously quits to desktop.Ha. Ha. Funny. *sigh*Also, unless I missed something (which is very possible) don't expect any sort of payoff or even an ending to the game. Upon reaching the end you just get dropped back to the main menu with nary an explanation of what just happened or why.* * *In the end, I personally have a particular love of exploring strange, alien places and abandoned locale's in games, so I still feel like I got my moneys worth out of it. The visuals and sound design feels like a modern interpretation of an ancient long-lost Lovecraftian cityscape.BUT unless you can be equally forgiving of some incredibly bad ""game"" elements then I'd suggest you steer clear or wait for a sale.Two wibbly wobbly cuboid snake monsters out of five."
76561197972428725,Not Recommended,265690,15028339,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,traveler,"NaissanceE is a game that doesn't know what it wants to be -- as many have noted, it begins as an exploration game, with truly amazing use of light, sound, and architectural design to give the sense of an vast, chill, abandoned underground landscape. In the early parts of the game, you find yourself wanting to hide from nothing more than light and shadows moving about in an indescribably sinister way. In the midgame, there's an astonishing underground city, which brings to mind Blade Runner, Brazil, with a bit of 2001 thrown in.And then it suddenly turns into a frustrating ""hurry up before you die"" platformer, where there's no exploration, and you have to struggle even to reach the next checkpoint. If you get past that section of the game, it wanders even further afield, losing all sense of the atmosphere and enjoyment with which it started. Which is REALLY, REALLY disappointing -- I very much wanted to play the endgame that the first half of this game was hinting at, a steady progression into Antichamber-like distortions of reality. But it lost sight of that goal, and lost me in the process. So as brilliant as the beginning is, I can't recommend this game because it just doesn't follow through on its initial promise."
76561198071531076,Recommended,265690,32789128,Posted: 25 June,all,iseeall,"NaissanceE is a 1st person puzzle + jumping platformer game with a little resemblance Antichamber and maybe even Minecraft. It has extremely minimalistic graphics style, a lot of running, some frustrating physics-based puzzles, no story and an overall feeling of madness.The good:- the graphics are stylish. They show how you can make an interesting and even pretentiously looking game by only using geometric primitives (mostly boxes) and only gray color (very rarely with some slight variations of gray). The game has a unique and definitive graphics style- much of the visual greatness and even a few puzzles are built around the play of light. Overall there isn't much light in most levels, and the realistic light sources (white boxes) are scrace- vast levels, especially the city-like level where you go down. I wonder how even Unreal engine could render such a huge number of objects. Maybe the fact that they are just boxes and are all gray helped? Still, they seem to use realistic lighting- music is mostly good, sometimes even great, though I didn't like a few tracks (e.g. the last boss chase is annoying in its own, but the music makes it almost unbearable)The so-so:- there just isn't much you can do in the game. I wonder if the ""use"" key is actually ever used. You mostly run around, sometimes press buttons by stepping on them or running at them, or touch a light sphere to make it show the way. Also you jump and sprint (with a breath system which could as well be left out because it doesn't add anything and ends ups up being just a useless chore). Still, the scarcity of actions doesn't spoil the game, it just makes the puzzles somewhat limited- the game lacks a sense of purpose or at least meaning. You solve a puzzle and don't get any reward or even a feeling of accomplishment - you just run forward to find another puzzle. There is a slight gratification in seeing vast new spaces for the first time, or simply moving on to the next area - but since no story connects the levels, the game feels arbitrary.The bad:- the jumping physics is somewhat clunky: you sometimes can't jump up on boxes in front of you. This also makes the sludges puzzle unnecessarily difficult because your character's collisions and jumps inside the sludge are pretty random- there seems to be a bug that when running in a wind, you sometimes lose touch with the ground when pressing the sprint key, and you can't move any more. If you jump, you get instantly flown away and killed. This bug makes the level with tubes and ventilators extrememly frustrating, because you have to restart and retry sections many time until this bug doesn't happen and you can complete a section.- a lot of running, and in a few cases the correct way forward is hidden in a huge area - you may spend 15 minutes just running around, wondering what's needed from you, only to find out that a tiny stars is hidden behind a ramp somewhere. The game just artificially lengthens your playtime by making you run around a lot. I thought it took me 8-10 hours to beat the game but, judging from Steam stats, it's just 5 hours.Overall, it's a good game, and during the first 2 levels I wanted to give it a 9/10, especially after seeing the masterpiece 2nd level. However, the bugs in physics and the frustrating puzzles based on it, and the super-annoying final level make me reduce the rating to 8/10. It's still a very good game though, so if you're into indie game, don't get scared by its dull screenshots and give it a try."
,Recommended,265690,11466484,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Iron,"An experience that reminded me of the 'Mountains of Madness' by Hp Lovecraft. Also it has a Ridley-Scott feel to it. I felt chased or watched at times. Haven't experienced such a good and immersive atmosphere in a long, long time."
76561198036279650,Recommended,265690,11707444,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,RPD,"I've... seen things you people wouldn't believe..I have looked into the Abyss, and the Abyss has looked back into me.I have walked through the very whole of existence.I have seen worlds beyond your wildest dreams.I have glimpsed through space and time and seen the glorious harmony that is the Universe.And it is all thanks to NaissancE.10/10"
,Recommended,265690,11913433,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Rambowjo,"Imagine having a fever dream, in which you  are submerged in a universe where space and time is made out of an unknown grey solid material. Matter is space, light is time and you are the only sentient being in existence. As you slowly unravel the dream, you pass through phases of ease and unease, and in your psychedelia and hallucinations spawned by a broken brain, you dream up senseless rules, quests and objectives, in order to turn the tides of terror and bliss and slowly progress through your illness.If you like psychelic experiences, this game is for you. The above contains no spoilers, but is simply the best way I could describe the game. I played through Naissancee in more or less one sitting (about 5 hours), and I'd argue this is the way the game is meant to be played, as it gives that feeling of going ever and ever deeper into the rabbit hole.tl;dr: totes worth €15Note that while the game is generally easy on the eyes, it has a couple of sequences (5-10 minutes in total at most) that will break any person with epilepsy. This is no joke, I had to cover my eyes because I was getting dizzy."
,Recommended,265690,9094494,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Freeman,"Interesting game. The rooms are vast and ominious. It gets pretty annoying when I die and have to keep trying over and over, but nonetheless there's a certain curiosity in the design of the rooms that keeps me hooked. Maybe not worth $20. I would pay $15 for it."
,Not Recommended,265690,9133422,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Blizzard,"***SEIZURE WARNING as others have mentioned, this game has some crazy black-white flashing section(s)***NaissanceE probably took me 7-8 hours. There may be secrets, and I'd like to hear about them, but I don't know if I found any. The enormous scale of surreal architecture is great to explore.The downsides are that you can't see your feet, you don't have a cursor to aim where you are jumping, and the checkpoints are SUPER annoying in places.  One section had an unskippable cutscene of almost exactly 2 minutes, every time you died.  There were  maybe 1-2 hours that I think could be cut completely. This section mostly consists of crazy shader effects where the difficulty comes of not being able to see anything.There was another interesting normal section in a couple of cool environments, and then a final really annoying sequence with crappy checkpoints (and jumps you apparently can't complete if your computer isn't running near the full 60 fps rate since the Steam discussion forums mention that the wind physics are broken with lower framerate, fun times!). There is literally no ending, nor even any credits as far as I can tell, since the game kicks you back to the main menu.I would say maybe 6.5/10. The art and exploration were great and I imagine would be awesome with the Oculus Rift. On the flip side, the horrible sections with flashing lights, or crazy shaders, or near complete darkness, would be even WORSE. I would probably not recommend it at $20, maybe $10 unless you absolutely love the architecture."
76561198066044219,Recommended,265690,23442051,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,TRICKST3R,"I love this game dispite its many flaws - it is a niche title. If you want an atmospheric journey which conveys a feeling rather than a story, this is your game.If you don't, give it a miss.Saying anymore will give too much away, go in blind if you can. You'll know from the trailer if this is a game for you."
,Recommended,265690,12895444,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MrWildBunnycat,"NaissanceE is a beautiful creation. Void of words, it creates experience through emotion and visual splendor. I saw things I could not understand the meaning or purpose of, but I enjoyed every minute of my playthrough. It's a hidden gem!"
,Recommended,265690,9095811,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ichik,You enjoyed Antichamber? You should try this.http://imgur.com/2zAZCANAlso some thoughts are here (in russian):http://kanobu.ru/articles/naissancee-367923/
76561197983469874,Not Recommended,265690,9128779,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,[BWC] Rec0n412,"Poorly placed checkpoints and an infuriating wind mechanic combine with mundane platforming to turn an incredibly atmospheric and visually pleasing game into a poor experience.When the tag line for a game emphasizes the look, experience, and exploration mechanics you would not expect platforming sections to be a main focus. The first real platforming sequence is alright, you interact with a unique aspect of the environment and rely on very basic timing to make it to your destination. The second real platforming section though... it just looks so unlike the rest of the game. The fan blades, axels, and gear boxes seem out of place when compared to the environments that you have previously gone thorugh. Combine this with a wind mechanic that will pick you up and throw you to your death if you do not move fast enough and it becomes very apparent very quickly that you're expected to complete these sections at a sprint. Any slow down inveitably results in you being picked up by the fierce wind and thrown into the fan blades which immediately kill you.I would not recommend this. I came here expecting to experience and explore a unique world made by the develoeprs of this game. I did not come here for a poorly implemented mirror's edge clone."
,Recommended,265690,11563931,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,solipsistnation,"Lost in a vast brutalist structure. It's beautiful, but marred by some frustrating jumping puzzles. Play it for the atmosphere and architecture, and try to get past the iffy gameplay choices."
,Not Recommended,265690,12237449,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,CrackerMan,"This game has a few sequences that are truly breathtaking. The dynamic light when actually used is just utterly brilliant as a tool to both look fantastic and work as a platforming mechanic. The style of the world you explore through is so unique and compelling.However 90% of the game is either incredibly linear or utterly stupidly open with zero direction leaving you to wander, sometimes unluckily dying after 30 minutes of confusion which leads to my next point. The checkpointing is probably the worst I think I've ever seen. The platforming and one shot kills from trial and error sequences will look stunning but be unbelievably frustrating because there is no skill or strategy to anything that Isn't walking, bar one or two instances. The puzzles work okay but are just not there, maybe three in the whole game.The way the game introduces itself and its very minor mechanics is inspired. However the quirkyness, imagintion and beauty of this game will quickly grab you then slowly loosen its grasp as the frustration grows. I've never gone between the peak of enjoyment to utter resentment of a game so many times in such a short space of time after starting the second half of the game.I got to what I imagine is the ""last boss"" of the game, bearing in mind this is a exploration/platforming/puzzle game. The boss is just a trial and error grind where I still don't know what your objective is supposed to be to defeat it(get used to that in this game). The checkpoint is about 20 seconds before you're allowed to do anything with your character. After 3 deaths I finally lost the will to play anymore.Play until the desert and then quit. Other than that this is a cardinal sinner of bad game design and aesthetics cannot overcome its gigantic design blunders.Try harder France."
,Not Recommended,265690,32978588,Posted: 29 June,all,[SIBW] Spekkio,"Was recommended as being like Antichamber, which put me in exactly the wrong frame of mind. This is NOT primarily a puzzle game. This is you being put inside an artist's geometric forms portfolio with a healthy dose of walking simulator in between scenes. I will say that the sense of an expansive, abandoned super-city is quite well done and some of the spectacle is good, but if you're not going in with the right mindset it's just a waste."
76561198000891791,Recommended,265690,12697658,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Quadra87,"Naissance is a first person exploration/platforming game that really tests your dexterity, patience and above all else, it tests your mind.As a game, naissance will throw a myriad of light shows and spectacular vistas at the player, the scenery hereis some of the most atmospheric you're likely to come across in any game to date. These vistas are seriously grand in scale, traveling through massive industrial emptiness to an abstract and claustraphobic dome that seems to defy the very laws of physics, the game will test your perception and direction as light flickers through shapes and obtuse angles resulting in, at times a very disorientating and uncomfortable experience. Atmosphere is the strongest element in Naissance, it reminds me of the cold confines of H.R.Gigers biomechanical art, it also reminds me of Blade runners dystopian cityscape and Halo's towering architecure. I can certainly see the influence on Naissance.Platforming and exploring, plus a few puzzles here and there is really all this game is about. Its the world you inhabit that, to me personally, is one of the most interesting and original ive had the pleasure of witnessing. The gameplay revolves around moving through what can only be described as some sort of machine, from pont A to B there will be some tricky platfoming and the odd mind bendingly strange puzzles to contend with, this is the pattern each chapter takes, you are clueless as to why you inhabit this world and the story never explains itself beyond what you interpret yourself. The first half of the game is a lot more open than the second half, which places you in smaller confines with considerably harder platforming sections. These section will frustrate the player and the checkpoint system is far too spread apart resulting in some annoying repetition. All in all though, Naissance is certainly unique and definitely warrants a journey into its hautingly vast abyss.+ Amazing and atmospheric world+ Simple and responsive gameplay+ Interesting platforming and puzzles- Checkpoint system is poor- Non existent story- Navigating world can be frustrating.Overall:8/10"
76561198065455569,Recommended,265690,10170267,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,polyheadron,"Highly recommended (for a certain kind of player)!(Slipped off a ledge, then fell for 10 minutes. 10/10)It's hard to review this game without making pretentious comparisons to other games, but bare with me! In a nutshell, I would put this game somewhere in the space between the later part of the Myst series (or perhaps even Obsidian, if you are more traversed in the puzzle-adventure genre), Antichamber and Half Life (1).The atmosphere, scale and foreboding sci-fi loneliness is fantastic. No doubt, the designers made a smart move by holding back on fancy textures in order to concentrate on what makes the particular graphics of this game so spectacular. The soundtrack is to die for, think Blade runner meets Prometheus with a hint of Akira. In four words - synthesizer sci-fi film noir.The story is minimalistic, at best. But for me, this was in no way a bad thing. Simply put: you are lost, deal with it. The game play in itself is quite straight forward, first person platforming with occasional environmental puzzles. Although when you happen upon a an “actual” puzzle you will know it, the traversal of the world itself can in many cases present like a form of puzzle solving. Some of these specific platforming puzzles can be straining (read: frustrating) due to the inherent problems with the “first person platforming” medium, but these moments are (according to me) few and far between.If you like the sense of scale and loneliness from Myst, the type of first person platforming made famous by Half Life, and mind f-ing absurdity in the stylings of Antichamber, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,265690,27449505,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"No, well","NaissanceE is a bleak architectural nightmare. It's surreal noir, a descent into alien machinery or the cold corridors of a decaying mind.It is a walking sim, a platformer, and a horror game all rolled into one. I'm a sucker for artful use of minimalism and geometry in games, and this, couple with the most ambient lighting I've seen in a game, and its chilling sound design turn this game into a brooding adventure like no other.The story, or lack thereof, is best experienced firsthand and left to interpretation, and that's the beauty of it.If you like running around in big, empty spaces, in a narrative of zero words instead told through the level design, then this game was made for you, as it was for me."
,Recommended,265690,13344538,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Erroneous Bosch,"I echo the views of those who say this is a game of two halves - one consists of pure exploration, and the other consists of time-sensitive first-person platforming.The first game is magnificent. The sense of scale NaissanceE provides, the sheer immensity of its environments with seemingly endless verticality is unrivalled by any other game I've ever experienced. The world is utterly alien, and so completely sterile and lifeless, I actually began to hope I'd make human contact. The unique mechanic of manually forcing the player character to breathe during periods of strenuous activity, and the yelps and periods of recuperation required after a long fall, act to remind the player that they are controlling a human body, and that there is nothing else in the world which bears this sense of organic fragility. I began to make up my own story as to what I was doing in this world - I, who had been born, traversing a world without birth or death. Who made this world? How did I get so out of place as to arrive here? The game provides no story, no explanation, no end and no beginning, beyond that which you want to assign it. I thought it was superb.Unfortunately, the second game comprises tedium and frustration as you jump from moving platform to moving platform, punctuated by regular trips, falls and checkpoint-reincarnation. Additionally you will regulaly fumble about in pitch black, only knowing when you've hit a wall because the game has stopped the head-bob animation, and watch in dismay as the aforementioned sense of scale is transformed into stifling claustrophobia.Fortunately the first game is much, much longer than the second, which makes NaissanceE easy to recommend, but I never actually finished the second game - I had to watch the last minute of gameplay via YouTube as I simply could not pull off the ridiculous jumps required. Quite why they thought it would be a good idea to send off this otherwise pensive, almost zen-like game of exploration with a swift series of firecracker bangs is beyond me. It leaves a sour taste in the mouth after an otherwise sumptuous meal."
76561198033183961,Recommended,265690,23455432,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Okrum,"Absolutely amazing game. For me, an easy 9.9/10 (minus 0.1for the extremely annoying white or black rooms with flickering lights at the end of the game where I almost lost my sight). What sold it to me at first was the bit about exploring super massive structures...And waow I was not disappointed. I had never played a game like this ever before. In fact it was quite an experience at times. The really bizarre feeling of wandering among huge abandoned structures was really something. It's like living in a Kafka's novel. Plus the soundtrack (unfortunately not available) is very very good. Fits perfectly the game. A great bunch of alternative/indie artists !I'd highly recommend this game to whoever wants to experience something different. Hats off to the developers (Limasse Five) for offering such a great bit of indie game. I hope they're working on a sequel."
,Recommended,265690,20344715,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Oreoleo,"NaissanceE is reminiscent of a dream, always seeming slightly intangible or abstract and never content with exploring one idea for too long. It feels as though you're journeying through some kind of limbo, with levels, designs, and ideas pulled out of the ether rather than being something consciously created. Environmental puzzles punctuate the experience, involving primarily working out how to get from point A to point B and some light platforming. If you're inclined towards more unique, thoughtful and solitary experiences I highly recommended it."
,Recommended,265690,26333675,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Chris Hewson,"This is one of the most unique and fun platformers I have ever played. NaissanceE brings the mind-bending logic of Antichamber and then blows it up to a megalithic size. You find yourself in a monochromatic structure of the sorts, that seems to stretch endlessly in every direction. Using an interesting (yet seemingly tedious) breathing mechanic you control your character and jump your way through fast paced obstacle courses, with some puzzle solving on the side. Granted, depending on how stuck you get on those puzzles they could make up a lot of your play time.Everything in NaissanceE feels like it's right at home in this almost alien world. The puzzle mechanics, the architecture, the music, the lighting, and everything else piece together incredibly well and immerse you completely. Even the breathing while sprinting mechanic becomes second nature (and proves a challenge when trying to time perfect jumps).Feelings of claustraphobia, vertigo and isolation will wash over you as you experience the tight winding corridors and staggeringly huge structures.Here's a few screenshots I took during my playthrough.TL;DR this game is a bit difficult for me to describe, but is a challenging and unique take on first person platformers. I recommend to any fans of the genre looking for something new!"
,Recommended,265690,19075892,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,teckforce,"Very lonely, as the developer intended, but I mean dont play for too long, you might become sad and have an overwhelming urge to go outside and see the beautiful sun and clouds!"
,Not Recommended,265690,28797038,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kh,"NaissancE might be a beautiful, thoughtful game. I wouldn't know, though, because between every beautiful setpiece are sectons of incredibly infuriating first-person platforming. Combine that with the fact that every bit of off-the-path exploration you do is rewarded with either a locked door or an empty room, and the experience simply ends up being frustrating, instead of thoughtful or, god forbid, fun.Go buy Kairo instead. It's a much better version of the same idea."
,Recommended,265690,9112848,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Carlos Danger,"The Good:- Fantastic atmosphere, both from the visuals and the audio.- Some levels are mind-bogglingly huge. The level of detail, even in out-of-the-way or inaccessible areas, is very impressive.- Actual gameplay, including both platform and logic puzzles. Contrary to what you might think from the game description, this isn't just a walking simulator.- Neat breathing mechanic. It would be cool to see this used in an Amnesia-type game.- No story, no dialogue, and no explanations keep pretentiousness to a minimum.The Bad:- Doesn't stick with any gameplay mechanic for very long. The moving lights, sliding puzzles, rotating fans, etc. only make appearances in their own individual chapters and are never mixed together.-  A few areas are almost too dark or disorienting to navigate.- Directional cues vary from subtle to non-existent. Sometimes this adds to the game's atmosphere, but it can also become incredibly frustrating.- Only 3-5 hours long. Not much replay value either, unless you really want to explore.If you think this sounds like your type of thing, go ahead and buy it. It's definitely not for everyone, though, so if you're on the fence, wait for a sale.It's also worth mentioning that the game takes a lot of inspiration from Tsutomu Nihei's manga “BLAME!” If you're a fan, this game is definitely worth a look."
76561198006425019,Recommended,265690,18086235,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ck | ONEVISION,"reverence, serenity, humility ...Escape finally this reality and lose yourself in a world whose perfection is completely detached from our imagination and feel it, this gigantic and yet so silent thing, as you'll never feel it again."
76561198049525709,Recommended,265690,12415493,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Rick Motherfuckin' Grimes,"NaissanceE!In a nutshell: a great minimalistic experience, set in a mysterious greyish-white monumental dream-like maze, some features of which resemble the real world, some rather like strange monolithic constructs.Making most of the limited color scheme and basic geometric shapes, the game pulls of a pleasantly mysterious atmosphere, epecially in the many open parts which are free for the player to be explored. It is intriguing, sometimes scary, sometimes awe-inspring. Even though there is literally no story, the vague, allegoric mood present makes its own sort of narrative, with blocky ghosts flying around your head while a giant musical instrument submerged in sand plays some music for you or platform chases by giant floating worms.Gameplay here is certainly secondary to the atmosphere, but nevertheless it was pleasant enough UDK-platformer-faire, with some puzzles and a sprint-breathing mechanic built in. However, I didn't like some middle parts where you are disoriented by pitch-black darkness constantly and have to randomly find some glowing cubes for reference. Pretty frustrating. Still, it was decent enough.Music was as expected, minimalistic, but very well used for atmospheric effect, be it during exploration or during chase scenes. No complaints here.In short, if you like experimental minimalist games with great atmosphere get it. Just don't expect any clearly explained story or AAA-class gameplay and you will be greatly pleased.Have fun!"
,Recommended,265690,13061277,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Ragathol,"If you like the works of Tsutomu Nihei (BLAME!, Biomega, Knights of Sidonia), this is a must play. The base is an exploring game with some puzzle elements based on light, and some platform jumping etc. Beautiful, unsettling environments very much like the ones in BLAME!. It's untextured, black & white and built with simple geometry, but the span of the environments and the chaotic architechture makes it a memorable trip. The ambient music is beautiful and atmospheric as well.I experience quite a lot of screen tearing, though, which is a bit annoying, and the slight noise filter makes jpg screenshots look a bit messier than the game really is."
,Recommended,265690,9111960,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,BillyR,"This is a very atmospheric game. I'm still working my way through it. I'm not going to say don't buy but be warned, the platforming in this game is VERY difficult and you get reset way back if you fall. I do think the 'breathing' mechanic in this game should have been left out. I think it just adds frustration to the controls seeing as there is no way to LOCK sprint to on, you have to hold down the shift key the entire time to run."
,Recommended,265690,9279347,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Diopside,"It's like...It's not really like anything.It's either the purest form of game or not a game at all.It's the definition of abstract, it's an interactive MC escher painting, it's completely and utterly bizarre.I really enjoyed it, and if you have any small desire to play the game then just take the plunge, you won't be disappointed."
76561198059503709,Recommended,265690,25956599,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,((DREDD)),"Beautiful game. I have allways loved the ambience feeling. I've tried to find these type of games before, but i haven't found anything yet until now. And i'll say, you nailed it. Wery good job, everyone.It's so ambience and also a little eerie when you walk around in this colossal and huge world, the music and the background sounds. It's like the biggest factory/City i've ever come across. And it's amazing.I just started to play and i come across the part saying - 'Going down'. I cant wait to see what happens next.((This game is not made for everyone, those who cant understand it's beauty))10 out of 10, easy."
76561198049688197,Recommended,265690,21917067,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,JumboG,"Very fun ""puzzle"" game. It's more about the journey than the destination."
,Recommended,265690,30230584,Posted: 27 February,all,zzymyn,The environments in this are amazing.
76561198075744744,Recommended,265690,26146045,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Freyja81,"One of the most unique games I've played. It has some frustrating challenges/puzzles, but once you get past that the amazing visuals and atmosphere make up for it. I wish I could find more games like this. I started playing Kairo, but it just wasn't the same. Can't wait to play a game like this in VR."
,Recommended,265690,13042499,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,John Mirra,9 megastructures out of 10.Would replay with Oculus Rift.
,Recommended,265690,26246736,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,wildnothings,I don't usually write many reviews. But this game is seriously amazing. I finished it weeks ago and I can not stop thinking about how awesome it was.
76561198054539200,Not Recommended,265690,26421977,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wormy,"Amazing scenery, the vast, open spaces you have to run across are breath taking. Nice soundtrack which you get to hear most of the time. The game is simple in a good way.However....endless running, having to manually breath while you run, needing to sprint jump frenquintly but you have to let the sprint button go to jump. This wouldn't seem like an issue but at points if you fail the jump it can send you back a LONG way, especially since you can't choose save points. I also hope you like the constant sound of foot steps and a woman panting in your ear cause you can't turn those off. With the lack of options to better adjust this game to your style of game play I can't say it's for everyone.Other than that the game is beautiful, a real piece of art."
76561198059957276,Recommended,265690,29289006,Posted: 15 January,all,Jose,"This game is one of the most amazing and horrifying experiences I've ever been through. The views on most chapters are stunning and without any dialog or text you feel like you have to continue, it made me feel like on a dream or nightmare where you know you have to go, but don't know why, it just makes sense when you're dreaming.The only bad thing I could say about the game is the gamma options are not quite as the game tells you but you can just adjust it at will. Also that one f*cking sh*t level that makes you choose to go through either a dark room with some flashes that reveal part/none of the platforms and a white room that has ""black lights"" showing you the platforms, it really feels like being on a really bad fever dream.Otherwise 10/10"
,Recommended,265690,23845760,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lumi,"For a moment, I thought it was a terror game. It's simply awesome! I loved the dark ambient and deep sounds that took me even more on the game, the mystery places and a lot of different puzzles. One of the best games I ever played for sure."
,Recommended,265690,9103894,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Rainforce15,"It's an exploration/platforming game set in a highly stylized world. Platforming becomes harder as you progress, but is by no means the point of the game. Quite enjoyable for people who are into exploration-style gaming since the environments are more complex than is normally expected for this kind of game, although probably dead boring for anyone else."
,Recommended,265690,33794661,Posted: 25 July,all,HutchinsonPtrck,"8.75/10 - Brilliant minimalist puzzle-platformer within an abstract world containing fanstastic atmosphere combined with intense music | Suggested: 12.99 EuroAfter the first rather uneventful, stale twenty minutes of the game, I really was sceptical of what this game had to offer, but soon later NaissancE began to continuously improve in all compartments, leading it to be quite impressive: In retrospect, it even turned out to be one of the biggest surprises I've come past on Steam.Without much insight, you are placed in a beautiful, minimalist world only consisting of plain, white cubes and rectangles. You begin following a ball of light, sheding brightness on to the overwhelming darkness of a quite gloomy, sinister setting[Shading is absoloutely fantastic thorughout the entire game].What looks like a rather disclosed area soon opens up into halls, buildings, even an entire town. As you venture on, solving puzzles[Which aren't noteworthily challenging, though quite inventive], being put up against inventive obstacles, the game and world consistantly increases in fierceness and confusion; This is supported by fanstasic audio.NaissancE's artistic style, paired with it's unusual puzzles, makes the game itself very unique; It's a game anyone who's either an andmirer of simplicity or an enthusiastic puzzle solver should give a try, what an absoloutley fantasic game it turned out to be."
76561198123284329,Recommended,265690,22605411,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Merett Eldrich,"SPOILER ALERTI don't know if the spoilers will be major, but read on at your own risk.Now, this game is really not for everybody, despite the largely positive reaction from the playerbase. I'll outline some for and against points with this game to start with:Pros:The world is breathtakingly large, a marvel in its own creation.Again, the world is incredibly beautiful and mysterious, in its werid monochromatic way.Interesting mechanic withmanaging your breathing as you run, and creating a sense of freedom in your movement.Puzzles are largely based around your ability to move and position yourself and other objects.Incredible ambience, makes you feel like you are isolated, but almost as ifthis massive structure is watching you, or some primal emptiness is observing your every move.Cons:Puzzles are generally simple and can be boring at times.The monochrome palette of the game sometimes leads to great difficulty in finding your way forward, especially when lighting is either very low or very high, which is more common than one might think.With thebreathing mechanic, it occasionally becomes tedious to continually click, especially in large open areas which you want to traverse as fast as you can. Don't get me wrong, it's an impressively original mechanic, and I love its execution, but there are some parts which could become boring when incorporating it, if you don't want to take it slow and admire the scenery.I know that it seems like I don't have a lot to say about this game, but that's because so much of it is just so evocative and so enigmatic, that it's impossible to put into words. The nature of the environment is uncannily familiar, yet weirdly alien and distant, and just creates that feeling of uncanniness that stirs such emotion in the player. The emotional response to this beautiful world is almost like that feeling deep in your chest when you watch a TV show that focuses on something a little too close to home to be comfortable watching; like it's almost invasive and weird to see an outsider's view into your world? That's that same feeling in NaissanceE; you see this world which bears these uncanny resemblences to our own, but the sheer scale of the loneliness just greys out all your thoughts and fears about what could be around the corner, like a normal atmospheric semi-horror game could do. You feel a certain pale lamentation for the emptiness of this world. It's sohardto find the proper way to speak of the emotional response I have had to this game so far. It's like trying to grab a moray eel with chopsticks and push it through a pasta strainer. It's like...what!??THIS GAME REQUIRES IMAGINATION AND INVESTMENT IF YOU WANT TO FEEL WHAT I FELTI don't think that the developers have concrete lore for this story. I don't think they will ever implement it or ever should. I think that the true value in NaissanceE is what the player does with what they feel from this game. How YOU rationalise (or don't!) this crazy world that you find yourself exploring. I love to create lore for this, but I don't think any of it is more correct than any other. This is not a game about a backstory creating a storyline. This game is about a storyline creating a backstory, or artistic impression."
76561198052705243,Recommended,265690,33222086,Posted: 4 July,all,Yazu13,"One thing that NaissancE excels at, and really its whole purpose as a game, is presenting the player with a landscape so daunting and alien that you are driven purely by awe and curiosity to see where the game will take you.  The game doesn't have a story, though this is clearly intentional as you are dropped in this world of clean, monolithic structures, completely thrown off guard by its scale and spectacle of unknowns.  Though, a mood of dread is established early on, as your character narrowly escapes from something inexplicable and perhaps dangerous at the start of the game.  What this does is add a layer of something sinister to your adventure, as you never quite know what the purpose of this place is, nor if you are safe.This uneasy feeling is the true art of the game.  It's making the player feel like an insignificant outsider in a strange land, devoid of life and seemingly, purpose.  It drives you to learn more, and to see more, even though there's a feeling in the back of your head like you're treading places that you don't belong in.  This world was not made for you, nor meant for you, and you could be taking your last step at any second.  It's hard not to persevere however, and in that sense, the game succeeds in being memorable for its forbidden nature that drives you to seek out its obscure secrets.  Despite this strange place instilling unease in every fiber of your being, you won't want to stop until you've uncovered whatever this all leads to, and it makes for a truly compelling and tense experience that shouldn't be missed."
,Not Recommended,265690,13832016,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,czg,"This is not a very good Game, which is a shame because I was very much looking forward to playing it.The actual gaming part of the game is not worth anything, it's actuallly downright bad in a lot of places. (The riding cubes down the wall part, the wind tunnels part, the final ""bossfight"". All awful stuff from a gamedesign perspective.) The breath mechanic ultimately doesn't add anything except annoyance. There is for the most part no direction or hints of where you're supposed to go, but for a game of this type that's perfectly fine, though it does leave you wondering if surviving a long fall means you broke the game and you're not supposed to be where you are, or if you actually found the right path.It has some very nice visuals in places when it doesn't lose itself in abstract gobbeldygook and goes to the more realistic BLAME!-like environments. Unfortunately the amazing infinite city vibe only reveals itself in about half of the gametime, leaving the other half clambering around in tubes or cubespew corridors. The desert was really cool, but I'm not sure if I got to see all of it really.In most games light is there to help the player, but in this game is there to actively annoy you and make things irritating.My advice: Play until you see the text ""Breath Compression"" appear on the screen, then exit and uninstall the game. You'll miss out on ""Interlude"" (which really is just 5 minutes of holding forward, but the leadup to the next chapter is great) and ""Endless Dive"", but you won't have to slog through the insipid bullcrap of the chapters surrounding them.Unfortunately the first part of the game is also awful, but it's worth slogging through if you've already got the game.I can't really recommend this game, even if this is exactly the kind of game I enjoy. :-( This makes me sad!"
,Not Recommended,265690,30202495,Posted: 26 February,all,motenai,"It's hard to judge NaissanceE. Really hard!I think the main problem of this game is inconsistecyOn one side the game clearly pushes in creating evocative moments surrounded by mega-structures that make the player feel insignificant, and they work really really well. The only reason i kept playing was to see what i was gonna discover next.On the other hand though, everything kinda leaves you with a lot of question marks, not only about what you see in the game, but also about what the hell the developers were thinking.Examples (Mild spoilers): In one level you'll find an infinite staircase that takes you nowhere, and only one way to get out to where you were before...pointless...later you'll find another staircase that seems inifinite, although this one you actually have to climb for more than 2 minutes to get somewhere....2 MINUTES of straight running without anyhint...why?Another example in one area you'll find some platforming puzzles to get at the top of 2 towers...once you make it to the top...the world will change color....and that'sit...why?Some area of the game are breath taking and beautiful, evocative and alien to the right point...something that could be out Blade Runner,  or some other amazing Sci-Fi movie. Other levels are a complete mess of geometries, and flickering lights to the point that i almost got sick, and totally annoyed.Finding the right path is at times complicated, with small black staircases that are almost invisible in the dark.The feeling is that this game wants to be ""edgy"" for the sake of it, but often failing at some basic concepts of game design and consistency. I shouldnt have to go and change the gamma in the options to be able to see where i'm going.There shouldnt be a corridor that leads to the game closing itself on purpose, it's not ""edgy"", it's cheap crap that has nothing to do with game design in my opinion.I found myself really struggling to finish this game, and the later levels felt more like a chore then a real game.So, if you're in for an interesting journey, with a few very akward/annoying moments, and some really debatable game design choices, go ahead and try it yourself, i cant feel to recommend it though."
,Not Recommended,265690,9120049,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Shadrach,"Initially this game can be assumed to be an exploratory game in a darkly futuristic world, with a stark black and white aesthetic. However, do not be swayed by the developers claim of ""philosophical trip and an artistic experience"" - it is much more of the ""old school die an retry games"" category  they also claim the game to be.This is first and foremost an unforgiving first-person platformer, with some incredibly difficult and frustrating jumping bits, horrendous checkpointing, and very little direction and help for the player (I could live with the latter though).I am sad to not be able to recommend this game, as I was actually really looking forward to it, but I should have done a bit of research beforehand, so I blame myself mostly."
,Recommended,265690,9111904,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,darkwolf,"This game sets out to make you feel alone and it keeps it promise.On an emotional level this game really delivers.At first you explore simple yet confined level structures that very soon give way to absolutely monumental feeling set pieces that will have you in awe.The art style is in itself consistent and works very well, especially when paired with the rather excellent audio design. This visual and acoustic experience seems to always matche perfectly.The game really manages to deliver a wide range of experiences and emotions, from feeling lost in a huge and fascinating world to adrenaline pumping action sequences and solving the occasional puzzle, it does it all very well.The one thing I especially enjoyed is the at times very clever level design. While being a linear game with areas for you to explore it never feels like it is linear. In fact, I could swear I was making my way through at random or at being driven by interesting set pieces.Don't however expect much of a story. Not in the traditional sense anyways. Whatever happened or happens is up to your imagination. That is a good thing though.All in all, if you're looking for a game that will take you on a bit of an emotional rollercoaster ride while making you feel small, forgotten and alone, then play it.The thing that stayed most with me is the level design. Simply brilliant."
,Recommended,265690,9120995,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,"Six Skulls, Trembling Bones","NaissanceE opens with many questions. Who am I? What was chasing me? But it always comes back to one pressing question - where am I?It's something like Journey by alien brutalism. The game is at it's best when you are just simply trying to navigate its strange landscape, less so when you are faced with traditional puzzles, even if they do elevate it from the dreaded ""walking sim"" tag. Sadly, it's a fairly lackluster ending but the four previous hours proved enjoyable despite the sudden difficulty spikes 7.5 outta den would reccomend"
,Recommended,265690,23803582,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mordamir,"NaissanceE is visually awesome. It drops you without explanation in an environment that is strange yet coherent enough to convey the feeling of being stranded inside the megastructure of an alien civilization - or at least that is what happens during the first half of the game. There are wide gaps in the narrative, which players may (unintentionally) fill however they can. In my head, I made two associations: (a) First, with the movie 'The Signal' (2014), and I'll not develop the point as to avoid spoilers; and (b) I thought this setting would work well to represent the Combine Homeworld in a Half Life 3 game, if it were ever to be developed (a man can dream, can't he?). So the sheer scope and size of the structures you navigate through is intimidating, oppressive, and eerie in a 'Lovecraftian' way - as you're left to wonder: What race of ancient god-beings built this? And are they still around? (distant alien noises indicate they might well be).The second half of the game gets much more abstract and feels sort of disconnected from everything you've experienced previously: it's like the developers created a series of visual experiments in order to test the limits of 'Unreal Engine 3', and then stitched all of them together because - why the hell not? Still visually amazing, but less compelling as an experience because you just get teleported from one 'room' to another, so that 'coherence' which made the first part of the game so interesting is lost.If I had to complain about ONE aspect of the gameplay, I'd aim straight for what can only be described as 'Half-Life-1-worthy first-person platform-jumping puzzles'. They were annoying back in the late 90s, and they are annoying today. Valve certainly learned that lesson early and refrained from using plaftorm jumping puzzles in Half-Life 2 and its expansions. In NaissanceE, thankfully, they don't occur all that often - but when they do, the location of checkpoints could definitely be improved: You cannot quick save (which I guess is in keeping with the game's minimalist style), so it only adds to the annoyance when you have to retrace your steps through the same corridors for the 10th time before you can have another go at the bloody platforms.All in all, despite all the platform jumping and the game's loss of structure in its second half, I found NaissanceE to be more than worth the time it took me to complete it, which was about 4 hours. It's just aesthetically impressive, deeply atmospheric and bewilderingly bizarre. Me likes."
76561198024982709,Recommended,265690,23804054,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,HowDoiShotPortals,"It reminds me of those very intense fever dreams, quite literally. But I mean that in a good way, because it's very hard to make any sense of, but these developers made it possible to experience it while being fully awake.However, I would not get this at full price. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,265690,9276639,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Altered Beast,"Beautiful, mysterious, ominous... This game is like exploring a lonely dream. The lack of narrative seems to heighten the atmosphere of the alien world you're left to meander through, and the exploration trumps the sometimes frustrating platforming. Light and audio are well employed, adding to the tension at times or building on a sense of discovery, though you're never really sure where you are or what exactly you're seeing. Very cool, looking forward to whatever this dev comes up with next."
,Recommended,265690,9174530,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,hallucigenia,"Huge open abstract environments with plenty of space to explore and get lost in. That being said like other comments the checkpoints are pretty bad expecially for the harder sections, where you have to redo the entire lead-up to it.But yes! It's everything I wanted Kairo to be and without the motion sickness too!"
76561197970653174,Recommended,265690,26617603,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,tran_fors,"Don't let the intro vid throw you - this isn't a hide-and-seek game.  There's a chase scene, but that's it.Instead, it's a puzzle/platformer, where your goal is... well, often times the game makes your goal ""figure out what your goal is"". ;)  (not in a bad way, usually)Pros:* Good, solid platform-based puzzles & small mazes.* The stark beauty of the levels.* There's at least a few easter eggs.Cons:* The intro area definitely needs some TLC - if you get halfway up the shaft, and miss a jump, you may as well restart the game because you can't see.* The ""breathe so you run good"" mechanic is annoying at first, and then becomes irrelevant as you learn to reflexively click-to-breathe.* Some of the jumping puzzles can be a bit annoying, but the checkpoint-on-death system is fairly well-tuned, overall (I hear that this was a complaint in earlier versions of the game).* I had to crank the Gamma (brightness) all the way to the top, just to navigate the darker areas - YMMV.Overall, a decent game - not much replayability, but worth picking up, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,265690,33821273,Posted: 26 July,all,VolkmasterBlood,"Dark, exploration game.  Atmospheric and beautiful.  Some may call this a walking simulator, and they wouldn't be entirely wrong.  However, it has a ton of jumping puzzle used all in different ways in order to fulfill a puzzle atmosphere.No real narrative, no story, etc.  Just atmosphere and jumping mechanics.  IMO, worth it."
,Recommended,265690,17457265,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Swift,"NaissanceEis an exploration adventure game where you find yourself lost in a mysterious sprawl of dystopian superstrcutres trying to seek a way out, whereever ""out"" might be.With an incredibly strong focus on atmosphere and ambience,NaissanceEis visual showcase of delights for anyone who appreciates carefully thought out and well executed use of artistic and architectural technique. From careful use of light and shadow, to volume and negative space, the foreboding scale and perspective doesn't cease to impress.There is a saying that the journey is the destination, andNaissanceEtakes this to heart. Rather than the setting being a medium to deliver conflict or puzzles to the player, the interiors, buildings, cityscapes and landscapes are the true star of the show. There are no NPCs to talk to, no notes left around to read to explain anything. There is no plot in the same sense that a nice Sunday drive ambling through the countryside is aimless. If the idea of doing nothing more than walking around and admiring the view doesn't interest you, you'll be bored to tears.While I thoroughly enjoyed the game, it comes across as the kind of game that you'll either love or hate. It's brilliant for what it is, but what it is is something that only appeals to a small niche. If you enjoyed Thatgamecompany'sJourney, or are a fan of Tsutomu Nihei'sBLAME!, with its endless swathes of misanthropic edifices reaching to and past infinity, thenNaissanceEjust might be the game for you."
,Recommended,265690,13136248,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Gustavostopher,"The textures are simple, but the architecture is insane. To be in a giant room, see something way way way way way far away and eventually make it to that place was just wonderful.I've never felt quite an unease like I did when playing this game. The music always makes you feel like you're about to be chased by something, which makes it all the more unnerving as you look around and are completely alone.It is basically a walking simulator with a few really difficult platformer sections, so you have to be really into exploring and try not to rage at a few of the sections, but overall it's an incredibly immersive experience to the point of madness on occasion."
,Recommended,265690,15419285,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,francky,"I don't know what the developers were high on when they designed this game, but I want some.This game hates you. It hates your guts and wants you to know it."
,Recommended,265690,28627528,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Thoreaufare,"Buy if you are a fan of cubes, large structures, or things that don't make sense."
,Recommended,265690,13240219,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Galehann,"Not the 2014's best game, but by far the 2014's best gaming experience.Don't forget to breathe !"
76561198047842321,Not Recommended,265690,12399162,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,cyben,"Still a game heavily under construction.NaissanceE is very atmospheric, yes, but I cannot really call the rampant cubism beautiful as some have done.Most of the music is okay, but some parts are particularly annoying, the ""Chase"" sequence in particular got on my nerves.My only other real complaint is that some of the platforming, particularly the segments involving wind areridiculouslyluck based, this especially goes for ""Chase"" which, in its current incarnation of patches and fixes, is completely unbeatable.  Between the losing breaths just by falling the distance from one segment to the next, the poorly designed boosted jumps (the older style I see in videos of it was much better) and the fact that many platforms are designed to fly away literally before you can possibly get to the far edge of them (I'm looking at you particularly, last jump before the enclosed arches) it's literally either completely impossible to beat or reliant on such massive amounts of luck as to be completely irrational.  Either way, I haven't been able to get to the end, through literally a few hundred tries, and.... well... from what I've seen, there really isn't an end anyways."
,Not Recommended,265690,12151518,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,R :C W,"This is a very stylish, beautiful and athmospheric piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that nobody should play.It's fine as long as it just lets you walk around and explore the moody environments but whenever any kind of gameplay shows up you immediately wish it wasn't there. Unless you're really aching for hours of super floaty first person jumping puzzles with buggy collision while staring into a strobe light.Imagine if Journey suddenly had Battletoad speeder segments with bad controls, terrible checkpoints and long load times - it's a frustratingly awful idea and the creator must have either gotten no feedback at all or ignored it.Also there's a couple of godawful areas that look like completely out of context UE tutorial examples that should've been cut. The game is only ~3 hours long, but really i wish he had removed half of it to allow the actual unique and impressive rest to be much more memorable.I've taken a few screenshots, just look at those or a youtube recording instead of buying this."
,Recommended,265690,18657679,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mestre dos Magos,"I absolutelly loved the game, but the ending sequence is almost entirely another game. It is frustrating. The ""rules of the world"" of this game do not apply to the end. It is disconnected...A SHAME, the mood of the entire game is so alien and perfect, the end is like an 90's nintendo action game where you have to die over and over to memorize the sequence...Still recommended if you like exploring, contemplative games."
76561198067790622,Recommended,265690,25699971,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mud Womb,Fans of Tsutomuo Nihei will surely appreciate this game.
,Recommended,265690,9147463,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kryppers,One of the most powerful and intriguing gaming experiences that I've ever had.
76561197978059873,Recommended,265690,28873843,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Locke,"When I first learned to drive, I would sometimes drive around my hometown until I got lost, then try to find my way back to somewhere familiar.  Playing NaissanceE is a little like that.  The familiar made unfamiliar.If you have an affection for vast spaces, inhuman scale, and the feeling of being lost, you might love this game.  I do.  It's one of those games that stuck with me.  Usually, I prefer rich stories, but there's none of that here, except for what your imagination brings to it.I played the game imagining myself in those spaces, with no idea how I'd come to be there, no option but to keep moving.  The mixed sense of unease and wonder was really rewarding.I've played the game through twice in the few years I've owned it, and I expect I will again.  I tried Kairo, which other reviewers recommend, and enjoyed it for a while, but found it too colorful, too busy, less focused.  I missed the stark, strange loneliness of NaissanceE.This one isn't for everyone, but I think if you do like it, you'll love it."
76561198054023535,Recommended,265690,17023141,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Catpsyche,"Welcome to HELL!!!... The game is anything but mundane and is quite insane.  You start off doing minor navigation through a pleseant labyrinth of multiple choices of doors, stairways, and paths with a zen-like music feel.  Yes, this appears to be a relaxing game of adventure, right up until half way through and down the rabbit hole.   Hurry, Hurry, rush we go.  Time is a ticking or you get your licking.  Where little Alice, NO REALLY IT'S LUCY, goes nobody knows.  And the descent is simply maddening like a cross eyed Hatter.  Mind the gap, it's quite a trip.  Not even a quick pause for a simple sip of tea... That's right, this game will have you thinking that you took a hit of acid or something.  ""WHAT'S HAPPENING?!?!""... Seriously though, it took me about 10 hours to complete.  The first half of the game was relaxing, slow paced, with moments of stillness for trying to figure out where to go, and the last half is quite simply out of this world and like nothing I have seen in all my 20 years of gaming.  I believe it won somekind of Indie Choice Award.  And even though the last half was frustrating at times and had me helling at my computer screen (like it could hear me and could change the game because I said so) THIS GAME WAS WORTH THE EXPERIENCE!... And very glad I never tried a hit of acid.  LOL ;) ^5"
,Recommended,265690,31394539,Posted: 27 April,all,Grantoid,"A prime example of video games being a form of art.NaissanceE promises nothing, yet delivers far more than you expect it to. The game exudes mystery and intrigue, not by any narrative or effort, but simply by existing. Sometimes difficult, but never impossible. Sometimes cheeky, but always meaningful. NaissanceE is a game you finish playing, only to find that it played you. And the experience will leave you in wonder."
76561198171146837,Recommended,265690,33279011,Posted: 5 July,all,evawdnuoScimotA,"Naissancee is a really atmospherical game and I like the way it is mainly exploring.Chapter 1 was an intro to what would be later in the game and was well designedChapter 2 was beautiful, the whole city panorama with the lights, even from the start of it from the big hole going down, this was 1 of the best designed maps I have seen in a game, anbd the puzzles were good too.CHapter 3 was not the best but stull fun, more timing involved but it was good.CHapter 4, it was something very weird, with the creepy accordian music and the visuals, it was quite tense as well.Chapter 5 is just a chase.So I do reccommend this game as for exploring it is well made and the puzzles are good too and also I think the B&W is perfect for this as I feel I can imagine what the place would be like in  colour."
76561198036247961,Recommended,265690,24066358,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nanna_Mordum,"A beautiful exploration game set in a sprawling, dark megastructure. Immersive and atmospheric. Truly a unique experience. It was alot of fun to try and imagine what this world was and how it came to be. If minimalist puzzles and isolated urban spelunking are you hobbies then I would really recommend it. Even if you don't enjoy those things but like unique and artistic environments with a great ambient score to spend some hours getting lost in then get this. Experimental art games can take note from this one.I really enjoyed this game."
76561198070587093,Recommended,265690,29410940,Posted: 21 January,all,Tranklizer,"What attracted me to this game initially is probably what brought it to everyone else's attention: it's visual style. The striking architectural designs and high contrast lighting make this a game that stands out from the crowd. This simplistic form extends into the gameplay, taking on the role as a basic first person platformer. The style is so consistent and immersive that it manages to make even basic geometric shapes send chills down your spine and it by doing so it accomplished what no other game I've played has managed...It genuinely feels like a nightmare.I know NaissanceE doesn't necessarily advertise itself as a horror game, but it unnerved me to such a degree that most other self-proclaimed horror games have failed to reach that I feel compelled to refer to it as such. Here is why, in greater detail.The AtmosphereMuch has been said about the game's atmosphere, from the limited color palette to the imposing structures and the stark lighting. What really made the game feel like a nightmare was the subtle nods to real world architecture and interior design. The whole game feels like an abstraction of reality,Doesn't that sound pretentious?like what you would get if you asked someone to draw something, but never allow them to look at what they were drawing. Many other games try to achieve the ""nightmare"" by having warped, celestial looking entities or having porcelain doll faces everywhere or lovecraftian horror creatures startle you. NaissanceE acheives the same feel using a minimalist appearance that resembles what you remember from a nightmare after waking up, rather than what the nightmare actually contained. Ironically, this grounds the visual style more into reality than other horror visuals that try a little too hard.Sound is also used to great effect to compliment the imposing visuals. From echoing thunder to harsh stings to the loneliness of your own footsteps, all of it reminds you that this dreamlike world is vast and reaches farther than you can possibly comprehend. There is also a particularly noteworthy moment in the game (that I won't spoil) where the music and sound effects start to speed up as you progress and it does a brilliant job of creating tension and making you feel rushed even though you are in no actual danger.GameplayIt's a good thing that the atmosphere is phenomenal because without it the gameplay wouldn't be much to write home about. I have a few specific nit-picks that I will go over in more detail in a bit, but overall my impression of the gameplay was that it was very basic, but it served the atmosphere well.What it boils down to is that NaissanceE isn't a game. It's an experience. The first person controls are simple enough that it allows you to indulge in the scenery without taking away from your focus on said scenery. They are fully generic though. The only really unique control the game offers is that you have to click every couple of seconds while you're running to avoid running out of breath. Thankfully, this doesn't distract from the game too much. Once you've figured out the timing, it's just as regular as everything else.The game does occasionally try to throw in a some platforming sections or puzzles involving lights and shadows. These do help to break up some of the scenery but in a lot of ways I wish they weren't present. Some of the platforming adds to the dream-like feel I explained earlier, but mostly it is just frustrating, which I will elaborate on further. For some puzzles, it means navigating the same section of the environment several times to check if you got the solution to the puzzle correct and it really doesn't add to what makes the game stand out so much, which is the atmosphere, so now we're getting to what I mentioned earlier:The Nit-PicksMost of the game's platforming sections are very frustrating because the simple geometric art style, the lack of textures, and the randomness with which some blocks are placed make it challenging to judge the distance that you have to jump. A cube might be small and close by or it might be big and far away. Often, you won't know until you are in mid jump.Towards the end of the game, there is a desert like environment you have to navigate which is HUGE. It's pretty simple but there are no checkpoints. You could be wondering for awhile and then accidentally fall far enough to die and you have to start all over again. This is especially frustrating when the game doesn't make it entirely clear where you are supposed to go.The level design, while appropriately maze-like and reminiscent of an M.C. Escher drawing, does tend to leave you asking ""Was I supposed to go that way?"". There are a few points in the game where the path forward is hidden around a corner or in the dark. The level design also features a lot of dead ends and varying paths so confusion is likely to hit you at some point, even if it does aid the nightmarish atmosphere.There are quite a few points where the game is so dark that it is almost impossible to see where you are going. A few times, this is used for atmospheric reasons where you are meant to be walking down a dark, seemingly endless tunnel or staircase, but sometimes, it's just poor lighting.In ConclusionAll of the nit-picks I've mentioned are miniscule at most and the atmosphere is so fascinating that it more than compensates for the other flaws in the game. NaissanceE is a truly unique and unnerving experience and if you're a fan of artistic games, horror, or you just want something a little different, you'd be doing yourself a disservice by not playing it."
,Recommended,265690,9099468,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ebaynetflix,"Like ""The Swapper"", NaissanceE is a sci-fi game touching on themes of isolation and the definition of life. While scaling down towering apartment complexes, feeling your way through pitch black corridors, and clutching against the wall from a burst of wind as you cross paths miles above the ground you encounter you'll discover remnants of a human life now either erased or abandoned. From strip clubs to a child's room with the television still running, you'll get a feel for life in this steel monolith.Though advertising itself as a puzzle game, NaissanceE fits more in the realms of a first person platformer. You'll spend more time falling from missed jumps than stuck on puzzles. Many of these moments are built to hammer in the player's mind the sense of vulnerability and insignificance to the towering structures around them.During one segment, the player must traverse over a thin walkway overlooking huge steel structures hundreds of feet below. The wind at this height is lethal, and the player must sprint to sections cut off from the wind or be thrown into certain death. These segments evoke a real sense of panic and fear that the game's breathing mechanic is built around.Breathing serves both as a way to contrast the main character as something familiarly organic against the metallic world around them. Player's must manage their breath as they run, keeping it under control. Should the player panic and lose its rhythm, they will find themselves partially blinded and slowed considerably.Though I am currently unfinished and only two hours in, NaissanceE is a strong contender for my game of the year, without a doubt. If you're someone who enjoys games like the brooding sci-fi atmosphere of games like The Swapper or enjoy the rarely seen FP Platformer, I strongly suggest you pick up NaissanceE."
,Recommended,265690,12628963,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"Probably the greatest atmosphere i've seen in a game ever. Great graphics, Great sound assets. Great Soundtrack. Ewokes haunting feelings of awe, loneliness, madness, anxiety, absolution, existensialism, confusion, disorientation, mystery and joy. It's a beautiful abstract piece that says so much and so little at the same time. It really shows how to merge art with gaming.Now some of you might worry that this is just another linear walking simulator, in my opinion it is not. There's a lot of walking and exploring, granted. But there are puzzles, platforming and failure states too. Which makes NaissanceE qualify as a game.These puzzle-platforming segments are seamlessly blended into the narrative, so seamless in fact it is sort of hard to notice when the game transitions from puzzle to exploration. Although the game never tells you where to go or what to do, i never found myself lost, As i imagined what i would do if i was in the protagonists shoes, and acted accordingly. I ""role-played"" if you will.Over all NaissanceE is probably the most immersive game i've played in a good while. And i especially recommend it if you like the atmosphere of Cube, Eden log, Brazil, Enter the Void, Pi or The Matrix. Those are movies, i know, but that is not to imply NaissanceE is more of a movie than a game, it's very much the opposite as it doesn't even have any cutscenes at all. It just has a similar atmosphere to said movies.I will totally replay this game once oculus rift is released."
,Recommended,265690,31906358,Posted: 22 May,all,joshnut,"The only question I, repeatedly, keep asking myself: 'Where are the people?'NaissanceE is an incredible game and it will crawl to the bottom of your spine. Mark my words."
,Recommended,265690,28827616,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,killani64,"This game is a work of art. It only lasted for about 4 hours, but it feels so, so much longer. Except for one part somewhere half through the game where gameplay gets a bit boring and unnecessarily too technical, I can't find a single part I didn't enjoy. A lot of the locations are true works of art, and a few times I just had to stop playing upon entering a new area because I was just awestruck and had to just look around for a while. While it's definitely not one of the best ""games"" I've ever played, it's definitely one of the best digital experiences I've ever had. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,265690,16610743,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,digitaldreamer81,I have to say this is quite possibly one of the more confusing games I have ever had the displeasure of playing.  Tried the game for 45 or so minutes and ended up confused and frustrated.  Lighting in the game only adds to to the player's disorientation.  There is also no readily apparent goal.  I thought I'd enjoy as I had the Myst series but not with this game.  I will not be recommending this game to others.
,Not Recommended,265690,16895908,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,poolaka,"Did you ever feel like walking/running through dimly lit hallways, with walls and floors that phase in and out of solid states?  And if you screw up, you fall off end up back a previous point, or dead?  Over and over.  In a place that is often so poorly lit you can't even see where you're supposed to go?  Welcome, you've found it!I like puzzle games.  I like exploration games.  Sometimes I like them combined.  This is not one of those times.  If the puzzles are abstract and/or difficult, then navigation should not be.  If navigation is difficult, then the puzzles shouldn't be overly difficult, or at least not require excessive movements.  The movements and the ramifications for poor steps are obnoxious.  I want to enjoy my games, not be unnecessarily frustrated by them.   While the atmosphere of the game is good, the overall experience is hampered by the mechanics.  I just can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,265690,13762774,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,HURGHT,10/10 brutalist architecture simulator
76561197970073730,Recommended,265690,9463997,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Carcassone,"NaissanceE is a very good game that could have been amazing, if not for a few unfortunate design choices.In terms of the visual and audio design, and the ""cinematography"" of the level design, the game is near perfect.   Pauline Oliveros was the perfect choice for a soundtrack composer - in fact the cavernous environments in the game echo some of the settings in which she made some of her most well known recordings (""Suiren"", for example, which was made in one of the world's largest subterranean cisterns).   The art design choice to make textures minimal if not nonexistent and instead create visual interest via lighting also works extremely well, giving the game a tone both otherwordly and abstract.   This is accentuated by the diverse level architecture, which deliberately and dramatically alternates between representational and abstract modes, and plays very effectively with scale.In some was the most impressive, and for me most enjoyable aspect of NaissanceE is the way the designers managed to explore the various possible permutations of their chosen art style.   Despite the fact that in some ways this style is minimalist, the sensation of playing the game is almost one of sensory overload.   No one visual element overstays its welcome, no one theme or motif is overused.   Uniqueness is the rule in this game, not the exception.   If anything, I often felt a twinge of disappointment when moving to a new area, knowing that my time exploring my more immediate surroundings had come to an end.Game-design wise, there are some wonderful moments.   This is a rare game that succeeds in drawing out poignancy on the most intimate personal level as well as real awe and awareness of personal insignificance.   Of particular note are the times when the concept of infinite landscapes or areas is played with, but other instances in which the rules of the game world otherwise shift or are temporarily broken over the game's course are extremely effective.   There are few other games as capable of eliciting a feeling of wonder and a joy in exploration.However, there are also some unfortunate choices.   While the visual design is extremely varied, the rather puzzling choice was made to have certain reoccurring types of sections that are fundamentally unpleasant to play.   I am thinking here particularly of a series of platforming ""puzzles"" in which the player must make their way along a rod (often rotating) with various obstacles impeding progress.   This idea is re-used several times and not one iteration fails to be annoying.The controls are generally competent, but for a game that relies heavily on platforming, jumping is remarkably ""floaty"" and imprecise, and it can be difficult to judge whether a given drop will be dangerous to the player character.   This is made worse by several points in the game that feature strong winds capable of blowing the player character around.   This is a fine idea in theory but is here frustrating in practice since the controls already make it difficult to know the exact relationship between player input and player character behavior.One final annoyance is that even in the ""less pain, more pleasure"" version of the game, checkpoints are placed at some very inconvenient spots.   As mentioned before, the mechanics of the game alter at various points over the game's course and the game architecture can be very abstract.   This results in somewhat frequent situations where the player is forced to guess what the designers intend her to do.   There are also several junctures at which the player must make more-or-less split-second choices, the wrong choice resulting in the player character's death.   None of these game-design choices by themselves are bad, but when they come together and the player is forced to make a split-second decision based entirely on guesswork and ""game-design intuition"" it is extremely aggravating to guess wrong and be forced to either play through a large previous portion of the level or sit through long cutscenes that, though wonderful and fascinating the first time around, feel like adding insult to injury the second.   This also applies to some degree to the platforming sections of the game, which can be quite lengthy and are all-too-easy to fail.Given all this, I can only assume the game did not undergo proper playtesting, because these faults, particularly the last, would have easily been spotted and fixed during a well-run QA process.   This makes it doubly saddening that the game was published with said faults glaringly un-remedied.Nonetheless, despite all this I enjoyed NaissanceE greatly.   I admire its ambition and salute the designers' courage in allowing their game to have such minimal explanation, little narrative structure, and in encouraging the player to experience extremes: vast emptiness as well as intimate and claustrophobic detail, dark and light, deafening noise and deaf silence.   In the end, NaissanceE is polarizing as well as polarized.   For those who find the conceptual depth of the game's art and its deft manipulation of space and light compelling, it is a flawed masterpiece.   For those for whom these things are only distractions from its rather clunky mechanics and sometimes unexamined design, it is merely a waste of time."
,Recommended,265690,9193776,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,-_//Double Inversion\\_-,"""This is a world that has ended. [...] Even time does not exist.[...] There is person in a world such as this.[...] The girl who lives alone in a world that ended. The girl who lives in a vacant, unmoving world. For a reason I cannot explain, she interests me.""-Clannad AfterstoryFor me this quote fits the game very good.To avoid spoiling I'll go through several criteria. First:The soundMusic is a very important part in every game. Esspecially at games like Naissance or Slender. It supports the gameplay and creates an atmosphere I have never felt in a game. The music makes the game unique. It is interesting how music affect your own reaction in the game. Therer were parts where I thought I got stalked. To create music that is perfectly fitting with design is pretty hard. So that I have to give Naissance in this case 9,5 out of 10 empty rooms. Nobody is able to create the perfect soundtrack, but Naissance comes pretty close to it. Time to the next part:The designThe design is, well how should I describe it? It is needed to create the atmosphere and the impressions you get. The design looks simliar to portal, with a lot less brightness, but still looking sterilized. If you know the movie ""The Cube"" you will see similiarities to it as well. It is amazing what you can do with a simple design. I have never seen such awesome environment in a game. Yes, everything looks sterilized and grey. But does this lead to make a bad game? No. Naissance surprises in a lot of ways. The location you get to are wonderful places. So here the game gets a 10/10 empty rooms from me.The gameplayThe gameplay is the thing that keeps you playing.  And Naissance master this trait without loosing one second uninterested. I kept playing  and playing. I wanted to discover every single part of this game. This stance is in my opinion attached to a very small number of games only. The normal games are just the normal stuff. Killing, killing, killing. Building, building, building. Gathering, gathering, gathering. If yoz want something that falls out of every categorie mentioned you should buy and play the game. The gameplay is pretty unique. You won't find smth. like Naissance in a long time. Use this chance and buy it. The gameplay overall gets a score of  7,5/10 empty rooms.The conclusionThe game knows how to convince the player in nearly every part. The mechanics and gameplay in combination with design and sound makes this game unique. Allthough I pretty recommend this game, I rate watching the three trailers first for getting a first impression of the game. If you are sure you want to play this game then buy it. You won't regret it. The game gets an overall score of8,83333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333/10 empty rooms and a big praise for the creators for creating such an interesting and unique game."
76561197971785284,Recommended,265690,9130574,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Defcon 5,"Wow, this is a game Ive long been waiting for!"
,Recommended,265690,9130875,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Abort,"So after being really amazed by the trailer and some gameplay I decided to just buy it myself and not waste any more time thinking about it, and NaissancE absolutely overwhelmed me with its atmosphere, which is a perfect composition between sounds and visual effects. Throughout the entire time I spent playing now I had this weird feeling all over my skin and instead of having some shock moments like other horror games, it just kept me thrilled on the same level. Very good game!"
76561197979563731,Recommended,265690,9131246,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Chromatose,"One of the most atmospheric games ever. It's like playing through an Escher piece writ large, only way, way creepier.This game makes me *feel* things I don't in other games at all - isolated, agoraphobic, claustrophobic, disoriented. It's way more horrifying in a lot of ways than any survival horror piece, yet it's also beautiful and awe-striking.  There's a whole bunch of dichotomies going on in this game actually - Its aesthetic is both austere and clinical, yet also baroque and dramatic; and the music is often simultaneously beautiful and immensely creepy.The only real downsides to the game were a very surreal middle-section that feels as though it clashes too much with the tone of the rest of the game, and an ending that was terribly abrupt. The main setpieces, however, were absolutely stunning and worth the price of admission alone. The game does a very good job of making you feel tiny, and feels more like a real, cohesive world than almost any other game I've played, since STALKER.Overall, damn worth the money.  HIGHLY recommended."
76561197963509501,Recommended,265690,9134934,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Garo,"An eerie journey into a lonely experience in which you are Lucy a girl chased by a shadow in a massive and fantastic facility. The sounds of this game are amazing and the level designs are breath taking, you constantly feel you'reself being watched and I find myself always worried something is indeed going to jump out of the shadows at me.. I highly reccomend this game, its beautiful, creepy and the puzzles in it are quite unique and new."
,Recommended,265690,9232516,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,magimix,"An amazing, gripping experience that is unfortunately marred by some annoying gameplay...NaissanceE is one of the most eye-popping games I've checked out in some time.  The visual aesthetic is amazing, and put to imaginative, constantly-changing use.  This is ably married to an aural soundscape that really helps you feel the mystery, wonder, and isolation of the places you are exploring.  To merely call the game 'atmospheric' does it no justice at all.It does stumble in some key areas though.  For the most part, this game is about exploring the world, but it does elect to present challenges at certain points.  Mostly these challenges involve 1st-person platforming.  Mechanically, FPS platforming is hard to do well, and NaissanceE doesn't do it well.   But even setting that aside, those sections the game means to be challenging simply aren't especially enjoyable *anyway*.  They are often ill-conceived in and of themselves; the janky platforming mechanics are just an unpleasant layer on top.  Things are further compounded by some poor checkpointing in places (and I played this *after* a title-update that added additional checkpoints; I dread to think what the original release was like).  Its a shame.  It is a good conceptual fit for there to be threat, lethal-danger and dread in this game - those elements are just the least well realised aspects, due to how there are implemented.All that said, there is more good than bad to be had - I'm glad I picked this up, and do in fact intend to play it again; I'm sure there are plenty of nooks and crannies I missed the first time round!  I'd recommend it to others - just know it is a bumpy ride in places."
76561198066944540,Recommended,265690,29284843,Posted: 15 January,all,Diz,"Was pretty okay.Sincerely wish the entire game was like the first level.  This level and some afterwards was this very well done player controled decent into a giant abyss where any wrong move would send the player plummeting to their death.  The atmosphere, music, and tension during this section was fantastic.The game quickly, however, devolves into a series of scripted sequences in which the pace of their completeion begins to depend on when the game decides they are done, rather than at the player's own pace.Music was definitely a plus throughout the whole playthrough.  About 2 hours long."
,Recommended,265690,15957390,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,oliverklee,"NaissanceE is such an intense, eerie game. It takes place in an abandoned, lonely, gigantic underground industrial setting, full of huge architecture. The lighting will play tricks with your senses, the sometimes non-eucledian geometry will play tricks with your brain. This game has no story, but it features an incredible atmosphere and  equally intense and eerie soundtrack. There are also some (fairly easy) puzzles and brutally difficult platforming.This was one of the most intense games I've ever played. And the first game to make me experience in-game vertigo. Play it for the atmosphere."
76561198013925602,Recommended,265690,13486376,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,vladiweb,"Lost in an huge Merzbau by Schwtters, in a perfect Escher world, in a Dostoevskis nightmare. With wonderful Vangelis-alike music, as you've got stuck in Blade Runner's world. This is more than a game. This is an experience. You won't be the same again. You've seen the hugeness, you experienced the transcedental awe.A huge world, at the beginning still conventional like all those movement tutorials in your next Tomb Raider. But just some chapters later you are in a massive urban environment - with huge air shafts, with hotel rooms, bars, you even find a children room. But everything is empty. Everybody are gone. I'm still in, I don't know whether I will met somebody here. But I know - if this is what I will get after my death, I will find orientation now. Even if it's tricky and seemingly impossible.We need more such games, haunted not by monsters, but by your own loneliness. Sartre said once, we are monsters. Indeed we are."
,Recommended,265690,13273708,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ReverendTed,"NaissanceE and Kairo share many stylistic and gameplay similarities.  Both prominently feature first-person exploration of vast, compelling brutalist architecture, monochromatic visuals (frequently, but not always greyscale), a profound sense of isolation, a deliberately ambiguous plot and practically-undefined protagonist, as well as an overarching dreamlike quality to the entire experience.Where Kairo is primarily exploration and puzzle-solving with some occasional light platforming, NaissanceE is primarily exploration and platforming with some occasional light puzzle-solving.Some of the setpieces in NaissanceE are truly impressive and encourage stopping to just look around and take in the sights.  While you're occasionally dropped into somewhat vast and seemingly open-ended locations, it's a fairly linear experience with defined periodic auto-saves.  (One minor annoyance - you'll re-trigger the auto-save right after you re-load a checkpoint which caused a second or two of hitching on my system.)Steam says I've gout about 4 hours in, and I've played through to the ending and gone back to explore a couple of alternate paths and areas that I missed, so it's not a long game.  Frankly, it feels like I spent a lot more than 4 hours, and at $8 on sale I have no regrets about spending $2 per hour considering the crafstmanship on display."
,Recommended,265690,13824095,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Andrack,"A beautiful peice of art. Simple shapes and monochrome colors have never been so unsettling. This is one of the trippiest games I have ever played and I mean that in the best way. There's some really annoying platforming segments that involve waiting for dynamic lights to reveal where you can walk, but it is worth suffering through.When you get to the level ""Going Down"", I would recommend not playing it until its about 2 or 3 AM and you're exhausted. You should probably go through the whole game in that state of mind, but Going Down is when it gets intimidating. I didn't think I had a fear of heights until that level.Of all the short and simple puzzle/exploration games I've played this year, NaissanceE is easily the most memorable. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,265690,12240653,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Frosty Grin,"It really is an exploration game - because its environment is so unusual. Mostly monochrome, with subtle shades and mostly abstract, cubic architecture, the game surely stands out. The shapes are ranging from entirely abstract to vaguely familiar, the spaces are ranging from uncomfortably tight to uncomfortably vast - and the result is a unique environment that's not tailored to you rather than outright hostile. The impression is enhanced by the eerily atmospheric soundscape.Gameplay-wise, it's a mix of exploration, puzzles and first-person platforming. Who doesn't like first-person platforming? :) But it's well-done, properly checkpointed, and frequently intermitted with exploration and puzzles. There's an interesting gameplay mechanic: you need to regularly press the button to breathe when you're running - otherwise you run out of breath.The puzzles never become a routine. You might get stuck on some of them - but I never had to watch a walkthrough. As usual, you just go back to the game the next day.All in all, it's a very good exploration game. I can easily recommend it, especially if you liked Kairo. Can be played with a controller - only the menu doesn't support it."
,Recommended,265690,15543287,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,zerepzerreitug,"If you are one of those players who upon encountering itself on a grand, magnificent landscape and felt immediately disappointed when you realized that you would be unable to explore it due to some stupid invisible wall; well, then NaissanceE is the perfect game for you. In this game you have the exact opposite problem. The landscapes are enormous and breath taking, with the only problem that you may wander for long time before realizing you'll never get anywhere this way.This is definitely a game to be played with a finger perpetually hovering over the F12 key so that you can take a screenshot. And believe me, you'll take a LOT of screenshots. The levels are simply stunning.As for the gameplay, the rumors are true. This is not an easy nor forgiving game. However, if you've had your fair share of experience with first person games that require jumping, then you'll be probably okay with this one. During my play I only had to check a video walkthrough once (during the ending) to see where I should go, and I only had a near rage-quit moment during the levels with the fans and air ducts. Be patient and you'll succeed. But most importantly, remember that the scenario that awaits at the end of each challenge is totally worth the tears and effort!A hard game, but a gorgeous one. Really, really gorgeous one. I'm still struck by it."
76561197970835222,Recommended,265690,18268346,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Planisphere,"If you enjoyed this game, please, seriously, go read the Rama saga from Arthur C. Clarke and Gentry Lee now.Rama II in special."
,Not Recommended,265690,28706410,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Twobirds,"Who the heck thought first person jumping puzzles in the dark was a good idea?Okay, I'm glad a lot of folks here seem to like this game but I felt like it had some serious problems.  There is some stunning architectural and level design in this game, and the limited palette is well-used.  The game bills itself as a first person exploration game, but as someone who loves walking simulators and hates jumping puzzles, there are way too many jumping puzzles in this game to be considered an exploration game.  There are some great views and a lot of detail in the scenery, but halfway through I would come upon another gorgeous scene and rather than appreciate it, I immediately wonder what kind of tedious hopping I would be doing.  The palette and style actually starts to work against the game here; you aren't sure what you're supposed to step on, what's a deadly fall, what might kill you and what might just push you toward the end of the puzzle.Speaking of which, there are mostly jumping puzzles, but there are also several logic puzzles.  None of it is very difficult, but I have to wonder, why were they even necessary?  The game would be far, far better without so many chances to kill you off and have you faff about yet again in the scenery it seems to want you to enjoy.(PS - If you're playing it for the ending, don't.  It's not worth it.)"
76561198012276748,Recommended,265690,22026674,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Klotsz,"It's got music by Dr. Zab. (bruit)If that hasn't convinced you to buy, I'll add that there are slug-like things made of boxes crawling up a wall. (silence)Still undecided? Patricia Dallio also contributed music. Certainly that must be a clincher. (bruit)You are STILL here? I'm beginning to question your dedication to Zoyd. What? You wanted a review of gameplay and not its musical merits? Alas, this truly is a generation without a future. (repos)"
76561198024624155,Recommended,265690,30047595,Posted: 19 February,all,Podunk Noname,"Beatutiful art piece with awesome environments. There are wonderous moments and locations in this tour of another world, but the inevitable lack of a plot or story eventually makes the final sequence climax with a big rubbery limppy. As exciting as the game was the end was a big dump truck of nothing. That's all that keeps this neat artwork from being a complete work. Still, the locations are pretty darn amazing and I hope this inspires other game makers to push similar limits. I also love the minimalism.  It's refreshing to see how much is done with so little.Good job creator!"
76561197995656590,Recommended,265690,33086543,Posted: 1 July,all,Ignite,"NaissanceE (Without latter E it would mean ""Birth"" in french) is a strange First person platforming game which I'm really glad to get a hands on. And these are a reasons why.Pro+ Beautiful in minimalistic way, No high end detailed texture or anything, But the game is very beautiful to look at especially on lighting effect.+ The whole world full with mystery (Which sadly can't be stereotypically inteprete)+ The ""Running"" mechanic is very much interesting+ Sound track was brilliantly designed.Con- Checkpoint system is soooo irritate.- Unique way of telling story will disoriented player very much and in result, After 3 time of completetion, I still can't get a lick out of story at all.Conclusion: The game is really great. And also this is a very first game you should take a note on caution message about elipse due to ""flashing light"" in-game. This game totally going to blew your mind and eyes for sure."
76561198313715664,Recommended,265690,33465455,Posted: 11 July,all,6ix,I dont exactly know what I just played but it was alright.
,Recommended,265690,12544150,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,discobiscuit,Its fun.This platformer is the resulting love child from that time when Portal and BladeRunner got drunk and hooked up at some party at Stanly Kubrick’s house.
76561197979487649,Recommended,265690,33511346,Posted: 13 July,all,Trashware,"NassinceE is an experience. An experience of anxiety, isolation, bewilderness and amazement. It is also an explorational adventure in a beautifully built up abstract world. The world is a perfect blend of magical realism, sci-fi horror and the staircase scene from labyrinth. Although the game is linear it will keep on popping up surprises and little twists until the very end.You are alone -mostly- but the sense of tension and being haunted is always there. The architecture, the lighting, the music, the sounds, the fitting awkwardness of the level design at times. Everything sucks you in and you won't get out until about four hours later, depending on how much time you spend gaping around at how awesome the scenery looks. Just look at the screenshots to define if it's your style or not, it was totally up my ally anyway.There's not just walking and staring, there are some not too difficult puzzle sections and some mildly annoying platforming sections. Some of them held me back a little bit too long, but they are far from impossible. Also I don't really understand why the breathing mechanism was there at all. You can run, but you have to press the mousebutton every four seconds or so to keep running. I guess it's supposed to add up to a sense of anxiety and vulnerability, but it got annoying pretty soon as far as I'm concerned. But nothing gamebreaking, it might work out for you.If you're like me and love creative artsy gaming worlds in a first person walking simulator style this is a must play, no need to hesitate (I did, I don't know why). NaissanceE left a great impression on me and I am happy to have experienced it. Just don't play it when you're epileptic, suffering from migraines or if you're on a very bad trip."
,Recommended,265690,24236332,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ganso,"Be advised, this is not a game, this is an artistic adventure.Hint: Lock your FPS to 60 to finish the last part."
,Recommended,265690,10743911,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mololol,"NaissanceE is the nicest walking simulator I've played. The challenges are thought provoking, but simple. The first person platforming can be irritating. The breathing mechanic feels oddly out of place in a game where nothing chases you.However, I wouldn't have it any other way. The puzzles aren't why I'm here. I'm here to immerse myself in the atmosphere, the environment. Experiencing in first-person the megastructures of the first few levels makes you feel small, insignificant. And I love it. The claustrophobic tunnels of the stages afterwards aren't as aesthetically enjoyable, but the level design is just as intriguing."
,Recommended,265690,23976344,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,iviolateponies,"Simple Amazing, have yet to find a game that gives same atmospheric effect; I wish there was more."
,Recommended,265690,13769820,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Seaniemaurice,"This game truly is a work of art. The level design was absolutely amazing, the soundtrack was enthralling and the visuals were outstanding.Whilst there are a lot of complaints about the ending, once again in the circumstances of 'walking simulators' that it is the journey that is the main part of the game and not the ending. Whilst the ending was abrupt and caught me off guard, it did leave me with questions and allowed me to interpret the game as my own.Just like movies with open endings leaving questions people get upset and confused as everything hasn't been spelled out for them. If you don't like these types of movies I don't recommend playing this game, or at least keep that in mind as you near the end.Some of the levels in this game are beautiful and left to be discovered on your own. Whilst they felt quite open sometimes, the path is linear but doesn't make it seem so. For those who are into exploration, I do recommend this title as you feel you are constantly discovering the path or something new.The game is a walking artwork, much like Proteus. However it happens to have puzzles and platforming sequences. The checkpoint system was pretty good but I did find the save point was sometimes a lil too far away for my liking.The journey was great and I'm going to get other people to buy it and play it for themselves."
,Recommended,265690,28737615,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BgT '漢字'は迷惑です,"It feels like this game is a metaphor for something... not sure what though... anyway, it has cool awe inspiring environments, which vary regularly enough to keep it fresh, took alot of screenshots for my desktop.Some platforming and some puzzles, not any specific enemies, so don't worry if it looks kinda dark and scary, it's not, it is a pretty nice experience with a nice soundtrack too.Took me about 3 and a half hours to play through, would play more from same developer. A good choice for anyone who enjoys first person explorative adventures, or even 'walking simulators', like I do :)"
,Not Recommended,265690,23959301,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,audkyrie ☆≡,"The trailer and game description feel rather misleading. I was expecting a 3d Yume Nikki-style game, but it's just not an ""exploration"" game, the level paths are essentially linear and there's really nothing to do besides run from point A to point B in any given level. The level design is pretty frustrating, too. There's a ton of split paths or hard to reach places you can jump to that may appear to be a secret path or area, but they always lead to either a dead end, or trap you on a ledge with the only escape being to kill yourself and respawn. It feels as though they set out to make an open-ended game but left all the extra areas as dead ends.Some of the puzzles are pretty fun, but a lot of them are either too easy or too frustrating due to the clunky controls.The art style/aesthetic design is all over the place. I really loved the large, open areas, which felt beautifully constructed and were a lot of fun to walk through. There's tons of areas, however, where you're just running through what feels like endless tight corridors, with nothing really interesting to see or even try to explore. Then, there's areas where it's intentionally all dark or all light, which is cool for maybe half a minute until it starts to strain your eyes. Many of the ""puzzles"" in these areas just involve waiting for the light to pass over you for a half second so you can see where you're going, then forcing you to wait in that spot until it passes you again.Overall it's a fun platformer/puzzle game and a lot of the scenery really impressive to look at, but the level design is awful and heavily detracts from the experience."
76561197984440686,Recommended,265690,13480651,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,KhorneFlakes,The most scary not-scary game ever. Simply an amazing experience.But you gotta like it.I loved it.tl;dr: Got scared by shapes and sounds and light 420/10
76561198096320930,Not Recommended,265690,24360237,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Captain Penguin,"This game looks fantastic. The breathing sound effects while running are annoying. The platforming is bad and some areas are so dark you can't make out a thing around you. The game gets boring and the levels are very linear. I was expecting a randomly generated game like the ones made by Strange Think. Exploration makes you think that you can go anywhere you want and find multiple exits to different, unique areas. The three trailers don't even show much gameplay. I tried to enjoy it. In my opinion, this game is bad."
,Not Recommended,265690,20834523,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Good Guy,"- Let's make this game unique and modern and arty!- Great idea! Let's do something that nobody does!- We will use no textures!- Yes, without textures, player will see true nature of naked polygons!- Modern!- Arty!This game has three components with varying quality.Music is beautiful.Visuals are arty.Puzzles and game design are meh.Goal of the game is to find a way out. It requires coordination when you have to run and jump, no brain power needed.Some locations are poorly designed. If you miss correct turn first time you pass it - second time this place might be in complete darkness, making navigation  difficult. And when I say ""complete darkness"" - I mean only black pixels on your screen.Buy it at sale, or if you are big fan of exploration genre.I would give it thumbs up only for the music, but there are better way to listen music.Search for Thierry Zaboïtzeff on the net. His work is fantastic."
,Recommended,265690,26521470,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Onyxpectacle,"Surreal, isolated, monochrome. I love it."
76561198070805155,Recommended,265690,32023506,Posted: 28 May,all,mrmeatwheel,Loved this game so much I put a diaper on so I could play it straight through with no breaks.
76561198094231333,Recommended,265690,26188664,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Vincent Blond,We cannot recognize our world already.Our voice is just an image.
76561197980418736,Not Recommended,265690,28687051,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Playing Dead,"What is more frustrating that first person platforming?Why: first person platforming in black and white, in the dark, when you don't know where you need to go!Welcome to NaissanceE.I played the game for 30 minutes and I'm done.Right from the start, I fell down the chaft in the intro, so I had to reload... It's impossible to climb back out if you fall down because you can't do it without the light to guide the way. Bad game design.Maybe it gets better after a while... But after 30 minutes of this torture, I noticed that I wasn't having any fun.The environments are boring. No texture. No dialog, No story (narrated, written, experienced or environmental). The interactions with the lights come out clumsy without player input. The designer clearly had an artistic vision with this light and dark esthetic, and it can see how it could be pretty. But the whole experience come out frustrating and tedious.Avoid!"
76561198096079278,Not Recommended,265690,24605080,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,FriendFive,"I tried, I really tried, but I just can't get into this game. The annoying black and white visuals with the disorienting, abstract platformy levels with the moving lights and shadows made it too frustrating to play. I kept missing jumps because I was half in the dark most of the time. I would stand there, high up on some platform, waiting for the lights to shift enough to see the next platform I needed to hit and it just got boring and frustrated when I kept falling. I have a nice new GTX 1070 so I had no trouble making the game ""look nice"" but admittedly I have a crappy old monitor. Maybe I just couldn't get the gamma set up right to be able to see enough of the confusing world around me. I just found the game unplayable and uninistalled it."
76561198000078066,Recommended,265690,9139597,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Apotheosic,"Okay so this is a game I knew nothing about until its release 3 days ago. I bought it because it looked abstract and artsy, and the art style was really striking and interesting. Overall I enjoyed it. It had a few shortcomings, but first the positives:As I said, the aesthetic style of this game is the big draw. It has huge sweeping vistas, brutally minimalist architecture, and is just generally beautiful to look at. The soundtrack too, is excellent. In a game like this the music is very important, and here it does a very good job of carrying the mood, which is lonely, eerie, tense, and occasionally a touch of insane. The gameplay itself is entirely exploration, with a handful of puzzles thrown in. As an exploration game, it keeps you engaged through curiosity and novelty, showing you new and interesting structures and areas to explore. Despite being entirely linear, it does manage to keep an ""open"" feel to exploration for most of the game.As for the negatives: the main flaw in this game is the lack of a manual save feature, and by extension, the less than generous placement of auto-save points. For the vast majority of the game this is not a significant problem, however there are two fairly difficult segments that you will probably die a lot on and be frustrated at how far back the game starts you. This is especially frustrating seeing as how dramatic these sequences would have been without the repeated death and starting over. Beyond that, the only other complaint I have is that the ending was very unfulfilling. But I suppose I shouldn't have expected anything in the way of resolution from a game with literally no story.Overall: very good game if you like exploration and architectural eye-candy. Zero story, and a few flaws, but I enjoyed it.8/10"
,Recommended,265690,11189906,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Kumiko,"Giant, Open, Detailed, Beautiful. its like a 3D FPS Puzzle Platformer."
76561197971214844,Recommended,265690,28477547,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Cyphertron.exe,"Awesome, impressing - worth every minute!!"
,Recommended,265690,13952907,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TheBeard00,"No hints. No voice over. No guns. Just you, alone, in a strange place...Or are you.Love this game."
,Recommended,265690,14014451,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sturmgeist,"Mario went to NYC, got ahold of LSD, and ended up in the Twilight Zone.The illegitimate, obscure, and hidden son of Limbo and Kairo, both excellent games that I somehow can't find myself comparing to Limbo but that I love more than Kairo (and I do love Kairo). This game doesn't have the recognition it deserves and is somewhat of a ghost or hidden treasure on steam.Those two short comparisons and analogies, one of them humorous, do not do this game its proper justice, or prompt you to play the game. This game is a 3D platformer/puzzle game. It is absolutely surreal, and absolutely beautiful. The architecture and detail in this game are amazing and the environment's sprawling expansiveness is sometimes overwhelming.This game is exploration based, please take your time playing it. It's non-linear but there are set paths to take. There are also a lot of false-paths that can take you nowhere, because the point is not creating a path to follow but an environment to explore. You will get lost. A lot. And you might like it.You might not like it. The game is isolation. These expansive enviroments, detailed. Cities. Houses, apartments, bars, sewers, offices, temples, completely abandoned. The isolation and loneliness is incredibly creepy. You will start to wonder where everyone is. What's going on? What happened? Don't think about it too much, or do. It doesn't actually matter, until certain things occur and you *really* wonder what's going on. It's not a horror game, it's not a ""Creepy AI killed everyone in the lab"" or ""Creepy AI killed everyone on the ship and wants to be God"" game, it's just a genuinely creepy game and experience.You'll encounter a lot of strange things in the world of NaissanceE, and you'll get lost in the world numerous times. You'll die a few (dozen) times if you're not great, but thankfully the game has a forgiving learning curve: A checkpoint system.The puzzles range from linear, simple platform/adventure game style puzzles to abstract and lateral-thinking puzzles. There's also, again, a lot of exploration involved, remembering where you've gone, which areas lead where, and a lot of hidden paths to the next location. It's not Physics/Math based like Portal or Antichamber, and not nearly as lateral thought-demanding as Antichamber, but again, It's different from both games. It's closer to Kairo or Limbo. Puzzles where you'll have to look around, explore the area, look at the big picture, look at the little pictures, and figure out what you've got to do. It could be as simple as moving several blocks around, to having to trigger several switches to get blocks where you want them to go, to more complex puzzles (usually involving disappearing and black matter blocks :D)The soundtrack is great. I don't know what Yoga you do, or if you even do Yoga, but it's everything from wonderful sounding new-age ambient music that fits the exploration atmosphere (Stuff I'll usually hear only in Yoga Classes), or creepy tones and whispers that fit the isolation atmosphere. And then for the fast paced platforming actions, there's furious and wild beats that get your mind racing and your adrenaline pumping.The price is fair for the game. It can be a long trek, or a shorter one depending on if you get lost a lot (whether literally getting lost, or just admiring the expansiveness and beauty of the environments.) There is some replay value to it just because of the environment and ambience, but if you've got the puzzles down it can lose its appeal fast, like other puzzle games.If you're looking for a creepy, ambient game I would recommend this game. If you're looking for a great platformer, I recommend this game. If you're an artsy gamer who likes architecture, quality, or exploration, then I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,265690,19005950,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Pseudobread,"What a trip. This is a game that isn't about gameplay, nor is it about story. But if it's atmosphere you're after, then look no further, cuz damn.That said, it is a bit short for the price. I got it on sale, though, and it's definitely worth it for 50% off."
76561198182932007,Not Recommended,265690,29263179,Posted: 14 January,all,AstronautCat,"Pretty uningaging overall, especially right from the start. I could see the appeal for some, but I think a more engaging story or some voice acting, narration, or at least something to give the player more of an incentive to continue."
,Recommended,265690,14834068,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Spoiler Alert,"Pros:Great art design for the worldGreat sound trackHuge levels with lots of exploration and hidden secretsDecent game lengthThe only cons I have stem heavily from my opinions, and most of them are spoilersIn Naissancee all living beings aside from the player are made up of particle-effect cubes that look out of place in the setting. They look like minecraft cows that have wandered onto a starwars space ship. The world, or 'megastructure' as it might be called, is so sharp and detailed, whereas the beasts that populate it are made up of marshmellows and fuzzy black and white colors. A detailed humanoid creature hunting the player would have greatly added to the game's atmosphere - perhaps a beast that was rarely seen or maybe even showed up at random times.Also later in the game things stray from the megastructure setting to an artsy dream sequence that I thought killed the creepy vibe I was getting from the rest of the game. The platforming in these dream seqences was downright intellectually insulting.When I heard that the art design of this game was heavily inspired by the BLAME! manga I had to play it. I loved BLAME! and wanted nothing more than to venture into that world. This game succeeds in capturing a lot of the atmosphere that BLAME! demonstrated. HOWEVER a lot of key concepts from BLAME! are missing - such as wandering refugees scattered about the city and creepy cyborg people assigned to kill you as fast as possible. Without these elements I felt the game missed out on a golden opportunity. I'm definitely not one to say 'guns make a game better!' but in this case... I think they would've vastly improved this one.I highly reccomend this game to somebody who loves adventure and creepy atmosphere."
76561198044609295,Not Recommended,265690,10055014,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,CastIronBoomstick,"Despite only having played this game for 2 hours, writing a review of it that is less than 10 pages will be difficult. I usually dont like to do this, but there are so many thing going right and wrong for this game, Ive got to break it all up.Graphics/Art Direction: The game looks fine, its graphics options are solid, and its use of light is phenominal. I understand and appreciate why it lacks color, and Ive got no problems with the game in terms of how it looks.Level Design: This is where the problems begin. While the game does a great job of letting you scamper around HUGE structures, there are plenty of places in the game where what you have to do to advance is either unclear, poorly placed, or nonsensical. Also, while I appreciate the desolate look they're going for, the entire game could use a little more to make the environment look just the tiniest bit lived in. For people who say that would ♥♥♥♥ with the designer's vision; there are several rooms that are fully furnished and clearly designed to be lived in. Why cant we get a tiny bit more of that? Worse yet, the envionrment alternates between structures CLEARLY designed for human usage and traversal, and structures that are clearly not, with paths leading though both, with no real common sense defining the layout of the ""city"" (which appears to be what we're looking at). It goes several steps beyond abstract architecture. Also, for any who were wondering, there is no ""story"" or ""plot"" or background. Nothing is ever explained as far as I can tell, which is fine, but its just another thing to note. There are also multiple instances where they pull the old ""all these rooms look alike and are chained together"" gag, which gets old really fast, as well as some really poorly implemented non-euclidean elements that honestly come out of nowhere. This extends to easter eggs, many of which will force you to restart from your last save. I once got caught in a looping staircase that I couldnt get out of by going either direction, it took me a solid 10 minutes to realize that this was both not the way I was supposed to be going (there ARE several repetitive staircases in this game) and that I couldnt escape. WHY WOULD YOU HAVE SOMETHING LIKE THAT IN A GAME LIKE THIS?Long story short; the level design is nausiating at times, but pretty to look at, and you will need to look up a walkthrough at least once.Sound: This is probably the biggest failure of the game. Its sound design is like bad prog-rock; it almost seems designed to offend the sensibilities of those playing it. While sometimes it harmonizes with the game's atmosphere with long synth-horn sounds, a'la Bladerunner, most of the time its composed of random little background trills, clicks, whines, and other mechanical noise, which is a bit unnerving, but for the most part its just distracting.Gameplay: NaissanceE is a first person platformer, so it has all the problems that come with that, especially since you cant see your feet. If you've played this kind of game before you know what Im talking about. On top of that, the distance you can fall and how much damage you take seems to change with the weather, with some 5ft drops putting you near death, and some 10ft drops getting landed with no problems at all. There is a sprint and sprint-jump mechanic which requires you to breathe with the bumpers (I played with a controller, sue me), but it doesnt really add anything to the game. For the most part you just look for new places to jump to, then move on. There are some fairly solid puzzles (I think I found 3 over the course of 2 hours), but they're not really anything to write home about. The game's biggest problem is that there appear to be rules that its not telling the player. For instance, there are a series of wind-tunnel areas in the game where you have to walk along the shaft of what seems to be some kind of windpower generator or something. Fine. At random, the game will just decide ""♥♥♥♥ you"" and push you back and kill you with a gust of wind. There is no text explaining WHY this happens, and no way of knowing WHEN it will happen, but it happens none the less. I suspect it has something to do with taking too long, but I cant be sure. Overall, unremarkable in the gameplay department.Ive got so much more Id love to say about this game, because I sorta enjoy it, but I still feel the price is a ripoff. To boil everything down; its got nice environments that are sometimes intentionally annoying to navigate, the occasional puzzle, and horrible sound design, but for the most part its an unremarkable walking/jumping simulator. Just go play Mirror's Edge with your monitor's color settings turned down or something. I wouldnt recommend this game in a million years, or unless its price drops below $10."
76561198046732946,Recommended,265690,11350881,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,sksk,This game taught me how to do abdominal breathing. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,265690,9228241,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Vitamin ω «Expired Tomato»,I think they forgot to put in the ending.
76561197998893232,Recommended,265690,10299363,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Zhu,One of best introspective experiences you can find!
,Recommended,265690,13200065,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Vermilion Wlad,Lucy is Lost
,Not Recommended,265690,9114213,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Autoshot|DSA,"Definitely should have some sort of seizure warning and the fact that I have to breath when I sprint is more of an annoyance than anything. The small amount of puzzles there are are more of an annoyance than hard, requiring stupid jumping with sloppy movement and things you can fall through and get stuck on. I understand the point of being artistic in your simplicity, but I think it would've done the creator a lot more to maybe simplify how enormous the areas are(albeit you can only explore a small amount without dying) and focus on more features in the game, there was a use button but I don't think I had to use anything once. There is just sprint, jump, and breath...in a world that is all white. If you want to spend 10 hours on a 4 hour game dying over and over to eerie and some just downright obnoxious music, while watching strobes disorientate you the entire time, then by all means buy this game. I do wish I didn't make the purchase, though. I think it would be worth 9.99 tops, there is zero replay value to the game.Pro's :* Massive architecture that is fun to look atCon's :* Disorientating lighting and sound* Not enough check points meaning you have to often restart from far back when you die* Small user interaction/overly simplified* Puzzles are mediocre at best and easily solved, also far and few between* Zero replay value* Extremely short game"
,Recommended,265690,27592367,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Amduscias,If you've ever enjoyed reading BLAME! this is your game.  Incredible superstructure isolation.
76561198096006627,Not Recommended,265690,24668694,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,pahuuden_ruhtinas,"This ""game"" is not a game. It's an environment that could have been used to build an amazing story. Now it's empty. Truly a shame. Even that beautiful environment doesn't really justify NaissancE to be called a complete game since it consist of cubes. It's just one shape copied and pasted all over the place. There is literally nothing at all to happen apart from walking and breathing. You literally have to push buttons to manually breathe in the game. You can imagine how annoying and pointless that feels. There is nothing to do, nothing to see and nothing to happen. You can breathe, walk or die from falling and that's it. Not a game. 0/5"
,Recommended,265690,14506569,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,KAIYOTE,"It's a moody French film version of every niche puzzle platformer/exploration game you've ever played. It's gorgeous. It's endlessly fascinating to look at. A tad frustrating at times, but never insurmountable. I loved it, but I'm also an art nerd and really get off on this sort of thing, so take that how you will."
,Not Recommended,265690,9130111,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kinaro,"After reading the comments I thought this game was similar to Antichamber (which I love!) but it turns out the game is closer to Dear Ester gameplay wise (which I do not like). The game is more like an exploration platformer hybrid.Pro:- nice visuals- nice intro- has potentialCon:- disorienting, too dark, sometimes complete darkness.- no audio settings, personally I think the music is annoying but I cannot disable it- only checkpoint, this could be OK if there were more of it- overall feels like an alpha"
,Not Recommended,265690,33446335,Posted: 10 July,all,Elizabeth Mills,"Shigeru Miyamoto once was asked the secret of how he made Super Mario Bros. so great. He said, ""When your game is about jumping, you make sure the basic act of jumping feels great.""Naissance is a walking simulator. And I **love** Walking Simulators. Gone Home, Firewatch, all the minimal-input Telltale Games you can find - sign me up! But they failed to learn the lesson Miyamoto was teaching.You're dumped into a dark hallway after a spooky techno-smoke-monster makes you fall. OK, this is great. I can work with this. Then you do a little traversal following a glowing orb. Alright, that's a fine tutorial, we're 10 minutes in, I'm on board. Then we get to ""jumping in the dark.""Oh boy. Does this game ever go off the rails once you have to navigate first-person jumping puzzles with an anemic midget apparently unable to clear, climb or navigate anything. Just moving around feels miserable, glacial, and boring. Then you miss a jump. So now you get to do EVERYTHING over again. Once you make it to the end of a hallway that requires you eithera) guess you need to turn left, duck, walk straight forsome distance, then turn right to see your glowing floating breadcrumb and walk into the next roomor b) turn your Gamma up to 4 so you can see what the hell is going onOh, and the next room has a light-pulse that is literally blinding (like a flashbang that lasts five+ seconds) that you need to hustle out of the room while the door (that you can't see because of the flashbang) is open.Once you're out, you get a long hallway. At one end: nothing at all! At the other: a cryptic unclimbable puzzle that you're supposed to just walk around.There's more climbing and jumping, all with impossible-to-see darkness or edge-obliterating light, none of it fun or interesting. Smoke monster shows up? Any sort of environmental world-building? NOPE. Just Na'vi taking some midnigh shifts at the world's worst Xen level manufacturing plant.I hate hate hate hate hate this game. Do not play it."
76561198091037902,Not Recommended,265690,18335067,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jonojonogray,"This game was just awful.  Sure I only played for twenty minutes, but I guarantee you it was twice as long as I wanted to play.  I absolutely wanted to give this game a chance because of its good reviews and cool aesthetic.  It reminded me a little of AntiChamber and Portal, but I kept getting vertigo from the awkward lighting and shading.  I get the intention was to be simplistic, but this game complicated the level designs too much and obscured many angles to require both light, patience, and a lot of guesswork.Level design: I want to say that what I saw in my short time was fantastic, and I suppose to some degree, that would be correct.  But as a player, you're not eased into this world as you are in the aforementioned AntiChamber and Portal.  You start the game in an empty solid room.  Looks pretty good - I'm intrigued.  But the second you leave this room, you're met with the strangest blocky tower that you have to scale straight up following some ball of light.  And me being the adventurer, I tried exploring through these gross grey corridors, and guess what?  There are no secret areas or fun adventuring.  Instead, you must trudge through a terribly linear area that is rife with pitch black darkness and itss only challenge is to keep yourself from vomitting from the confusing landscape and constant lighting changes.Gameplay: I love being taught how to play the game as I fumble through greyscale graphics and blinding light, only to be rewarded with a dead end, a place I've already been, or falling to my death because of how precise and narrow a lot of the ledges are while waiting for light to happen for a split second at a time.  The controls are just like any other keyboard and mouse game, but there's also this breathing mechanic for running, which is actually pretty cool and new and different and I'm into that.  And giving you about a mile's worth of empty runway to practice it on was a nice touch, but probably the only saving grace from a design aspect.  Oh, and everytime you die (most likely from a fall you can't see), the checkpoints are very unforgiving.  And not on a difficult scale (which something like 1001 Spikes does beautifully), it's more about how ANNOYING it is to drag yourself through all that damn WAITING for the light and constantly adjusting to the darkness.Overall, it feels like there a ton of these kinds of games, the ""walking simulator"" variety.  But here they tried to shoehorn a bleak story, what feels like a last minute choice to make an otherwise boring protagonist a female, and jarring gameplay paired with vertigo-inducing graphics.  I get the impression that the developers were too busy jerking themselves off with how pretty the game looks and how mysterious it all is instead of focusing on something that could have been amazing.  Like I said, I wanted to like this game.  If they had a better tutorial level or 1st level, something to ease you into this new world and its rules, or even have more frequent checkpoints (given the nature that it's not neccessarily hard - just awful to experience repeatedly), or wasn't too dark and barfy, I would have given it another shot."
,Not Recommended,265690,10173960,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,jointz,"Probably one of the most dog♥♥♥♥♥♥games I've ever played. Dont let other reviews fool you, legitimately all you do is jump from random box to random box with no objective and you can barely see in such terribly colored and lit rooms. There's also almost no sense of direction. You could be hopping one way for 10 minutes and it ends with nowhere to go and you cant remember which way you came because once again the lighting, coloring and environment all lead to confusion. This game is terrible. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY"
76561197971110081,Recommended,265690,12277200,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Morzileuil,"Weird but amazing, except for the ending.There will be a sequel for sure (or at least the game is designed to have one)"
76561198034863907,Recommended,265690,13102021,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Abyss,Thank you for this game.
76561198084187460,Recommended,265690,28739451,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Smiley,"If you made this vr it would be amazing. This game comes for a price but is a steal when on sale, providing a very interesting  journey. Really enjoyed the game. Great job devs!"
,Recommended,265690,10040834,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,mechanicalpuddle,"NaissanceE is a first person perspective exploration/puzzle game.  The environments seem oddly made for human beings to navigate through them (stairs, doorways, tables, platforms) but yet are forebodingly pristine and devoid of any sign of human or animal activity.  It feels like being in the equivalent of a hamster trail made for human beings by an unseen superintelligent entity.  In that vein, it strikes me as eerily similar to the alternate universe at the end of 2001: A Space Odyssey.  This game is a work of art.  But it may not be everyone's cup of tea.  If you liked Portal, Antichamber, or Proteus, you will probably appreciate this game."
,Not Recommended,265690,13979384,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,QubaVR,"While I don't necessarily believe in too much hand-holding in video games, NaissanceE had me stuck around 3-5 minutes in with no clear direction of what to do next or explanation of what I am doing wrong.The game looked interesting in trailers and I dug the art direction, but I simply do not have the time to keep butting my head against a brick wall for over 15 minutes."
76561197990923641,Recommended,265690,15959375,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Frumpy Momoi,Unique.
,Recommended,265690,9676431,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,electricshrock,"Just finished ths game, and so far it is the best example of games as art that I have ever come across. So refreshing to not really have to have characters, or a story, or powerups, or a series of objectives... Just an intriguing world to explore; It's features stark, abstract, and sometimes beautiful, it's purpose unknown, and perhaps unknowable. The music is fantastic when it appears and is always tied in perfectly with the aesthetics of your immediate environment.There are genuine challenges to be found here and there, mostly in the form of abstract logic puzzles, but what the game really strives to create for the 'player' (perhaps 'participant' is a better word in this case) is a series of utterly unique experiences, eliciting awe, wonder, confusion, anxiety and, in smaller measure, but no less memorably, joy. The sheer scale of some of the environments will blow your mind, while others will constantly challenge your perceptions and deny you a clear, point-A-to-point-B objective. It is one of the few games I have played with the maturity to realise the important role that can be played by minimalism. It has its frantic moments, but they are made all the richer by the quiet, meditative chapters that can be found in between.You could potentially finish the game in 6 or 7 hours, so based on that alone it might be a bit expensive. But in terms of the amount of original ideas packed into one game, it really is excellent value. I can't recommend it highly enough to enyone who wants to experience something unique in their gaming life."
76561198040774140,Recommended,265690,10116579,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Mr Thomas at work,GREAT GAME!
,Recommended,265690,15119105,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"I'm not far into the game, so my opinion of it might change from now. While I like the fact that it's different from other platforming games since it's basically black and white, the fact that there isn't any other colors can make it a bit frustrating. I've gotten turned around quite a few times and found myself backtracking. Also, at least in the beginning, there's lights that you have to follow. If you hit them and they move to the next platform that area is then lit up. The frustrating thing is if you fall off your platform it can be hard to get up it because that area you need to jump from to get onto that platform is basically black since it's not lit up. (I'm really hoping that makes sense.) Anyway, I found that frustrating in the beginning. Despite all the things I don't like about it, I still like playing it, but I can't play it for hours on end or I'd get sick of it."
76561198031975325,Not Recommended,265690,18870942,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,adfl,So far not impressed.The sound quality was painful and uninteresting.The environment was bland and flat.Just found myself utterly unable to get into it.Ill try again another time
,Recommended,265690,13741713,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,turner,"i love it when a game actually makes you feel something!! There are some really bad platforming sections but the more you go deeper the wierder things get.. this isnt a horror game, but it really made me feel creeped out and totally anxious the whole playthough.definitely reccomend playing it!"
,Recommended,265690,24033843,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Wolfbeast,"I have to say that initially I was a little frustrated with the jumping puzzles and platforming in the start of the game, because it wouldn't always respond snappy to input. But that was soon overcome by first off enabling VSync to stabilize the frame rate and get rid of the horrible screen tearing this game suffers from otherwise (all these people reviewing negatively with complaints of distortion or nausea should really try this!) and switching to full screen with proper gamma correction -- not entirely sure why it starts as a windowed application by default.Also, if you've only played this an hour or less, you haven't even begun to see what this title has to offer; it gets a lot more interesting if you get further in! I'm in the third area as I write this review, and it's only getting more interesting. Some parts are a challenge, but isn't that exactly why you want a game like this? If you do die, the frequent checkpoints won't set you back far at all, and the game is also forgiving: if you fail a particular platforming sequence too often it will actually assist by making it easier for you (adding lights, adding platforms, etc.)! No reason at all to get ""stuck"" on any one part because of this and I think it's a very smart way of approaching the player by giving them a real challenge but not making it game breaking for them if it turns out to be too tough. Adaptive difficulty, people! I love it :)Overall (so far): 8/10, for providing a rich, mysterious and atmospheric game with interesting vistas and a good balance of exploration, scenery, action, skill and mind puzzles. The only negative is the sometimes iffy responsiveness to controls considering there are some real precision jumps you need to make sometimes. Certainly worth picking up if it's on special! the game is larger and deeper than the trailer might have you think."
76561198143397161,Recommended,265690,32264929,Posted: 8 June,all,Selsku,This work of art is an experince you won't forget with ease. Reminds me of BLAME!
,Recommended,265690,22844352,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,NAN メロン ᕦ(ò_ó*)ᕤ,its like im actually tripping balls
,Recommended,265690,13160914,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,tetra5,"A rather dark, sublime and occasionally claustrophobia-inducing first person platformer experience heavily focused on Sci-Fi aesthetics."
76561198028456394,Not Recommended,265690,34109810,Posted: 8 August,all,WindSheep,"Through the whole game I was puzzled, why am I here, what's happening, where should I go ? I felt like I spent most of my time running while holding Ctrl and pressing repetitively F (also my pinky hurts now). Some of the puzzles involved a lot of super dark environment which I completely hated. Other puzzles super easy. No story and most 'wtf' sequences (special bonus for the ending). Sure it had some beautiful architecture but, that's it ?"
76561198053250922,Not Recommended,265690,34275863,Posted: 16 August,all,privileger,"I tried playing this game twice and both times gave up shortly. Boring, non-immersing and plain game with no storyline and a grain of sense. Only first 30 seconds (video intro) of the game were exiting, but the rest was a nonsense.Usually I like playing the games like this (Cyline, Kairo etc.) but this one didn't catch my attention no matter how hard I've tried."
,Not Recommended,265690,33962706,Posted: 1 August,all,Darmok,"It's a platformer but it doesn't handle very well, and half the jumping puzzles are in the dark.It's also really light on the story, there's really no 'why' or a reason to explore.  Nothing to pull you in--just a weird-looking dark maze that you have to try to jump through."
76561198044250088,Recommended,265690,28883074,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SpaceBallsJim,"Amazing game! You will experience every feeling human can have playing this game. Happiness, sadness, feeling weird, confused, lost, like wft is this, omg this have no sense at all... Best to describe maybe to compare a movie or tv series, ""lost"" meets ""the cube"", some areas are simply breathtaking, long walks, or runs, others need intense focus to pass, some are brainteasers, puzzles, alot of them dont make sense. Tell me if you ever seen a way to find exit out of a locked room is following: do nothing, remove hands from your keyboard and mouse and just wait. Door will only then open. Last thing you would think of to do. Well this game does that. Totaly messes with your mind. Its a platformer, puzzle, exploration game, with almost no knowlege of that is happening. For me it was like im in a movie. Takes alot of patience to complete. Dont give up."
76561197999892327,Recommended,265690,14751291,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Serious,Absolutely Amazing!!!
,Not Recommended,265690,29254611,Posted: 14 January,all,clemzio,"I bought this game on sale and must say that I was a bit disappointed. It's clearly a beautiful indie game but it's lacking polish. I'm glad I supported the creators, but would recommend on sale only."
,Recommended,265690,17272330,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Deus,?  !  <3
,Not Recommended,265690,30018868,Posted: 18 February,all,Convenient Spider,"I expected a dark exploration type game filled with solitude and lonliness. Instead I get a mix of puzzles with platforming and running and jumping and the worst part is you have to remember to breathe every now and then. Some areas are way too dark and if you're too slow to keep up with the light, there's repitition, fall damage, or death waiting for you and that sealed it for me."
,Recommended,265690,27502811,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ArmchairCaptain,Something reminds me of the anime 'BLAME!' by Tsutomu Nihei.
76561197993060918,Recommended,265690,18341863,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Aquinas,8/10
76561198085352713,Recommended,265690,27587997,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CitrusCrisp,"Bought this game because I pirated it, one of the best games I've played in recent years. Amazing soundtrack and atmosphere. Seems to be heavily influenced by Nihei's work. 10/10"
,Recommended,265690,27667622,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MightyBrooks,Astounding environments and atmosphere.
76561198060301780,Not Recommended,265690,26481361,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,rocco.salvetti,"Saturation of colours is a brilliant idea for something you watch for a few minutes, unbearable for longer that that. Get used to play in the dark, falling into pits because you couldn't see where you are walking and repeating puzzles you already solved over and over again after this kind of falls.Mechanics are clever but often made frustrating by the issues explained above.I was told there is phylosophy. There isn't. So far the game is a void where you can put whatever your imagination wants."
,Not Recommended,265690,9467391,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Sunaryt,"""Maybe on earth, maybe in the future""yea, the environment reminds on blame! but thats it. Its again one of these 2deep4me game. There are some nice jump and run passages and puzzles, but there are for sure flashgames which are better.And yea the story is absolutely meaningless.its♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197968876564,Not Recommended,265690,11184326,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,cg49me,"I want to like this ""game"", I really do.  Unfortunately, at least in my opinion, it's over before it begins, and you're left with no sense of accomplishment or greater understanding from when you started.As many have stated, the artistic style and atmosphere in NaissanceE are absolutely incredible, and give a sense of something infinitely larger and more complex than what you're actually presented with.  Disappointingly, no clues or hints as to the functions of the constructs you'll encounter are ever provided, and you're similarly left in the dark about the mysterious dwellings and habitats you'll come across.  It's kind've like the initial excitement of the Myst games, without the eventual satisfaction of seeing all the pieces come together.If pure aesthetics are enough to get your giggles, go ahead and pick this one up.  If you're looking for any kind of story at all, don't waste your time."
,Recommended,265690,18060501,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,JonWithGames,"Got this game on a whim, glad I did, fun puzzle/exploration game. Has a tense but calm atmosphere to the game. Very short game though. Wish it was longer."
76561198053758730,Not Recommended,265690,21531880,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,paul_sneaky,it's not♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's SUBshit
,Recommended,265690,27265106,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TangoBunny,"I nominated this game for the “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Award in the Steam Game Awards.It is a truly great game!  The minimalistic scenery is absolutely beautiful."
76561198037081715,Recommended,265690,10134748,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,theetompster,"Somoene sold me on this game when they said it was like exploring the house in House of Leaves.  And he was right.  Feelings of disorientation and helplessness really set the mood for this game when I first began.  There were times where I was in the darkness and felt completely lost, unable to move, loooking and spinning around trying to locate where I came from.  Some truly breathtaking massive areas; this game is gorgeous and the soundtrack fits perfectly.A really great, unique experience.  It's tough to put into words the feelings and sensations this game evokes."
76561197994827301,Recommended,265690,23909936,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Apterous,walking sim with occasional puzzles
,Not Recommended,265690,12168176,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Owen Wilson,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing boring4/10Puzzle Jumping game with weird ""click to sprint without choking on your own saliva"" game.No storyNo Narration (as far as I got, and I rushed, cuz the puzzles were not too mind buggling but just annoying to perform)I got it on a sale and it still feels too much for what I payed for.I get it, it's beautiful. But it doesn't save it from it being a boring game.I completed Dear Esther without being bored. Does that make you see where I'm going at?It gets a 4 for its scenery and originality."
,Recommended,265690,9090697,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,FreakOrama,"Beautiful looking game and has a lot of depth to it in terms of art, graphics, sound/music, and just overall a great experience (aside from the last part of the game)More info at:http://www.ksalue.com/main/2014/02/naissancee-review-the-good-the-bad-the-money/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01_QtjvtORo"
76561197987625263,Not Recommended,265690,12641676,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Lexx,"Are you bored and using drugs? This is the game for you. No story, nice graphics and environments, gaming system to save / load. Locations where there is only darkness / light (you have black / white monitor), or infinite staircase. . . Wasted money."
,Not Recommended,265690,25024217,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,abcminiuser,"Visually pretty, but an awful, awful game. I spent far more searching various timed doors (which only open for a few seconds twice a minute) or standing around waiting for them to open, than actually having fun. The difficulty is the frustrating level design, rather than actual challenging game play."
76561197970745965,Recommended,265690,12944555,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Daneel,Very fun
76561198127520963,Not Recommended,265690,23990445,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Chief,"This isnota joke review. Do not buy this game.NaissanceE is not only terrifying; it is terror-inducing.I'm glad I refunded this game because it is truly mind-numbing.If you want music, atmosphere, great puzzles, go buy Antichamber or Kairo. If you want a game with meaning, buy Kairo. If you want to have your sanity dragged out of you step by mind-numbing step and replaced with fear, buy NaissanceE.In NaissanceE, there is no meaning. There is only fear.1/10. I concede one point for most likely being the flat-out scariest game around."
,Recommended,265690,9096301,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Al Djeafnte,"The 1.1 patch addresses every single complaint I had with the game, except for a few things.Seizure potential, due to flashing lights, but otherwise it's definitely worth the experience.----Original Review----MOST IMPORTANTLY:  Seizure warning.  Maybe not for the entire game, but there is at least one sequence that is a serious danger.Very atmospheric, but seems to be poorly optimized (<30fps and/or vsync doesn't work, lots of tearing), and feels very untested.The game is a linear puzzle/exploration game that has very clear lose states but commonly has obfuscated win states, causing you to take leaps of faith, which, if you fail, results in having to redo things that you've already done, as the checkpoints are placed rather far apart.I want to recommend the game, but there is far too much player punishment, and it will invariably, and needlessly, frustrate the player.EDIT:I was contemplating recommending the game until I got to ""Meet the Host"", now I can't not recommend it enough.  I'd be thrilled for a refund."
,Not Recommended,265690,30187801,Posted: 25 February,all,Sanders,It's like a terrible version of Deadcore. Being forced to stand in darkness for long periods waiting to get a second of light to see where to go is beyond frustrating.
,Not Recommended,265690,23163356,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Reeze The Vampire,"I feel like I haven't played enough of this game to review it, and that's just the problem, I can't pull myself any more. The game felt like a chore even after only 30 minutes. There were a lot of missing elements from it. To begin, the game almost sets up a horror vibe, which is never accomplished, and that is the biggest issue I have here. Second, the puzzles are really strange, and not in a good way, and tend to be either based in speed or platforming. Other than that, there aren't any obvious flaws other than how utterly boring it is."
,Not Recommended,265690,16370741,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,you know what no♥♥♥♥ing walking sims man
,Not Recommended,265690,29549858,Posted: 28 January,all,amet,"This game is bad.That's how I'd describe it to friends wanting to know what playing it is like. it's a twitch puzzle platformer horror story... thing. It is very hard but not in a way that's very fair to play. the main theme is ""light"" as you are introduced  to it very quickly. you soon learn about the breathing mechanic which requires you to rhythmically click while doing things that require running. you're often put up against puzzles of average to simple design that require a bit of platforming and other times you'll be going through a purely platforming segment, and these are often timed so you need to be managing breath, jump distance, and getting to the next platform all within a specific time frame. The map layouts are clunky and unintuitive as to where you're supposed to go next and it's all made harder by the fact you CAN'T SEE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥through 90% of the game.oh yeah that's a thing. that's what took this game from an average disjointed pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and turned it into a beautiful, festering, mountain of♥♥♥♥♥♥jumping segments. In the dark. puzzling. In the dark. trying to find out where the hell to go next in this rats nest of a map. In. The. Dark. A lot of this is trial and error, and error, and error, which wouldn't be the worst thing about it except you can't see some rooms but for a split second to figure out exactly what the pattern is and why you just failed. and often when you fail, you fall into utter blackness that further traps you in some pit that has no way out of it except to kill yourself, or sometimes does, you won't know until after spending some time wandering around hoping for something to happen.There's a game that did the limited visibility puzzle platformer theme much better than this. It's called Devil's Tuning Fork. It allows you to choose the time you can see things and how, and gives you a whole bloody lot longer to get your bearings and the layout of the room.Imagine trying to preform surgery, in the middle of the woods, on the run from the law, with your only light from the searchlights that pass by you every so often and your only tools whatever you can snag from the tree branches as you barrel desperately through with the gurney rattling along in front of you.It's not as bad as that imaginary situation but it bloody feels like it at points."
,Not Recommended,265690,26479118,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Bratwurst,"Unskippable cut scenes, no way to bring back the light in the tutorial, can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197993201503,Recommended,265690,18979848,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,gordon277,Trippy as hell!
,Recommended,265690,19368393,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Emergency56,"one of the coolest games i have played in a while, it put me into a weird trance like state of mind.."
,Not Recommended,265690,19492018,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Botulism,Pretentious motion sickness simulator.
76561198040959400,Recommended,265690,19511492,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BLEEDINGTHROUGH666,Amazing game. The music and stmosphere absolutely blew my mind. Puzzles are difficult but not frustrating and you feel shrouded in mystery the entire time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUbTylcCxkw
76561197991461038,Recommended,265690,10204982,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,griaule,"Outline:This game told story that every human experienced.My first impression of this game is one of the Portal's clone.In fact, first 30 minutes of this game is similar to Portal.Small room, simple texture, no enemy, puzzle...But, when I reached ""Going down"" level, the impression whole changed.There is astounding large building.# It's like comic ""BLAME!"",There is mysterious remains that has trace of human life.And, after ""Going down"" level, this game goes to madness.But, you shouldn't afraid to talkative script about madness.NaissanceE express story by visual, then that is one of the most beautiful point of this game.At the end of this strange journey, you will see the ""biginning""  at  the second time in your life.Game play:Mechanism of this game is very simple.Run, jump, crouch, that's all.And, several puzzle make you anger.(I hate turbin!)But, main point of this game is megaro-architecture itself."
,Recommended,265690,10357245,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Malificarr,This is easily the most atmospheric games I've played in a long time. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,265690,9771850,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,'Generalvivi,"I definitely enjoyed this. The game is baked down to the purest form of level design using only lighting and geometry to pull the player through. The abstract vision can bring out emotions of fear and hope. I would recommend it, but it's not for everyone."
76561198024925082,Recommended,265690,9645670,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Skraku,"A simultaneously harrowing and fascinating experience, full of dreamish landscapes and claustrophobic corridors. The play with light and darkness, the contrast between alienation and recognition and the full exploitation of human agenticity makes this game one of my favorites of all time.I recommend it to all who find enjoyment in contemplation."
76561197961416830,Recommended,265690,10069049,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,A Cruel Shade [e],Beat 6 hours first playthough. Could not be a better 15 bucks spent. Great game
76561198012884165,Recommended,265690,9906523,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Xstatic36,Pretty visuals I also felt super isolated and alone and it made me have a uneasy creepy feeling the whole time.  It looks even more amazing with tridef on a big 3d tv the areas looks extremely vast and it made me think if it looks this crazy in 3d occulus would be nutz.
76561197982401199,Recommended,265690,9390344,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,a guest,"I've never played a game that has this sort of visceral effect on me. The mechanics are painfully bad at moments, but this is essential playing, a triumph in level design and primordial emotions. If only game worlds more often produced this intensity and range of feelings."
76561198056752771,Recommended,265690,9494893,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,circe10,This is an absolutely amazing game. It's otherwordly and intense and everything you could hope for out of a game like this. Everything you see just makes you want to explore more and see more. Can't say enough good things about this game.
,Recommended,265690,9557514,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Shikari,"I don't understand everyone not liking this game, its really fun, aggravating at first until you get the hang of the shadows and lighting you need to see the paths. Its a linear game, but certainly doesn't feel like one. Really trippy, and I love the feeling of isolation, although the ending is a letdown."
,Recommended,265690,9316085,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,enthralledecay,"I couldn't get myself to stop playing this gem. 2 sessions, the game is over and I'm speechless (except for wow!) . If you have a 3D Vision setup, grab the fixhttp://helixmod.blogspot.com/2014/02/naissancee.htmland be prepared for maximum immersion! :]"
,Recommended,265690,9323355,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Byr,"Upon some input and continued play of NaissanceE, I found it necessary to write a new review.First of all, NaissanceE is a brilliantgame. The term 'game' is a little shaky due to the fact that there isn't much gaming to be experienced. There's no combat, there's no enemies. There's no guns, XP, or Russians taking over the world.There's movement. There's levels. Youexplorethem.'Explore' is also a bit of an understatement. More-so you 'experience' them. The aesthetics are simple yet immensely complex. Areas seem to sprawl on indefinitely. The architecture is believable yet foreign or alien-like. You feel uncomfortable, like you don't fit in. All while everything is in simple shades of grey. No game has ever impressed me visually as much as NaissanceE. If you're like me, you'll be reaching for the F12 key after turning each corner. This game is utterly beautiful. Combined with the music, the ambience, it's incredibly immersive. My first time playing was at night, in the dark, with some good headphones. From the very start I was completely sucked into this game. I felt alone, lost, and confused. The game often made me question what I was actually doing. It wasn't until late-game that I finally embraced this game's concept of a 'leap of faith' and had a bit of a breakthrough with this game. Throughout the game I stumbled upon an amazing number of easter eggs. Some amusing, some degrading. There have been quite a number of times where I find an easter egg, only to walk away from it questioning the game, the developers, my own sanity.The game claims to supposedly have 5 hours of gameplay to it. In my experience, I took 3.5 hours to beat it the first time. Keep in mind I took probably 30 screenshots the first time through. Upon completing it, I felt the need to do a second run-through. I'd call it a speedrun, though, once again, I stopped quite often to breathe in the atmosphere and smash F12. This playthrough took roughly an hour. This does not mean I'm done with this game after only a handful of hours; I still find myself wanting to play it again. The game leaves you feeling like you missed something somewhere at some point. Just prior to writing this review I played an early section only to find a whole area I never saw before. In the future I plan to play a literal 'walk through' of NaissanceE where I use the sprint key as little as possible. I feel the undying need to explore every nook and cranny of this game.As much as I love this game, the platforming was a little wonky at times. The basic jump puzzles are do-able, maybe a hiccup here and there. The ""Less Frustration"" patch they put out does help a little, though a few more checkpoints will only go so far. I don't know about you, reader, but solving jump-based logic puzzles in quick succession isn't my claim to fame.Bare in mind that the puzzles in HalfLife2 left me stumped at times.Of course, once you get it right once, you'll probably never screw it up again. The chase scene was, I'll admit, tedious and a bit unforgiving. Fudging a jump or taking too long will result in death rather quickly. And once again the leap of faith aspect kicks in. Much like the previous puzzles, beat it once, you should be fine.Overall, I love this game and highly recommend it. However, I'm well aware that not everyone will enjoy this game. It's not meant for everybody. If you're a fan of games like Dear Esther, Journey, Gone Home, and other various indie-like, ""experimental-type"" games, chances are you'll like this one. The price ($20 at the date of writing this) might not be for everyone but I feel content in my purchase. I am a bit of a sucker for games like this though. If you find it interesting, grab it on sale if you want. Also consider looking at some Let'sPlay's, though they won't even compare to what the game itself can provide you with."
,Recommended,265690,9376151,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,jaro.pivarci,"Wow, what an intense experience!! Naisancee is definitely one of the most unique experiences/games I've EVER played! You are basically exploring this mysterious world filled with corridors, pathways, bridges, platforms, tubes, stairs (millions of them)...you are not fighting anybody unless you don't count the final level where you have to excape this rotating light - pulsing entity and here you go for a crazy ride, mark my words! Some puzzles are very easy, some are very difficult, whole game is designed mostly in black & white with some exceptions where you find yourself in the desert like enviroment. Music and sounds are extremely moody/dark/distant making you feel very isolated and that's one of the main purpose of this game. I'm just hoping they make a sequel or prequel! :)"
,Recommended,265690,9196920,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,What did you jus call me?Naissance? Wut in da sam hell is a naissance?
76561197974105367,Recommended,265690,9232962,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,METAL,"a very interesting and unique game. it partly reminded me of the movie CUBE.for a linear game, the most common path is not the right one. exploring the levels is interesting and very mysterious that you want to keep looking around. even when its gray and dark, it still creats an interesting atmosphere that keeps you questioning where you are and some weird, yet not to hard to solve puzzles.you will be amazed by its architecture that you will stand to look around. especially when you are in an huge hall.what i think was missing is an explanation where you are. all you know is that you play a female named lucy and thats all you get. no hints what so ever about where you are or why she is there in the first place. there are some frustrating platform moments (which obviously has been fixed with an patch that was released a day later after i passed it) that was leading me to countless deaths.the ending on the other hand is rather frustrating. i dont want to spoil it, but the reaction you will have would be a big questional ""WHAT???""never the less, it was a fun game and i cna recommend it to anyone who likes to play a game that doesnt require you to kill anything and be lost in an unique environment."
76561197971795109,Recommended,265690,9165130,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Scootershawk,"NaissanceE does one thing very right, put you in the middle of your own spectacular waking dream. The grandeur of the architecture, the unsettling foreigness of the scenery, and the subtle underlying tension all contribute to a wonderful cubic journey in shades of white and grey.  Many moments found me motionless gawking at the impressive vista.  Yet all the while there is a feeling that one should not tarry for fear of some unseen watcher.The game is a 3D linear exploration game with the focus firmly on the level design.  The developers even forgo textures relying solely on their masterful use of light and shadow.  Your odyssey is enhanced by some mild platform jumping and puzzle solving challenges.  The only drawbacks in this otherwise satisfying experience were a couple of long ""runs"" that required more than the expected amount of restarts which in my opinion broke the sensory flow.  All in all a gratifying affair."
76561197969575485,Recommended,265690,9983771,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,SLACK.PIT,"I really liked this game, feel it has been forgotten about right after release, why I felt I needed to write something about it… it has epic art direction, felt like a massive structure like black mesa or aperture just without humans living in it. Wish this game had a screen savor that would just fly around the levels. To be fair I’m a bit biased working in lighting. I really wish I could set up a lawn chair in this world and just hang out."
,Not Recommended,265690,13800687,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,L0uwii,"While beautiful, the game is extremely frustrating. Puzzle is a strong word for this game, as the sequences rely more on dexterity than any actual puzzle solving. Platforming is extremely difficult because it's imprecise. Maybe if there was manual saving, the game might be more tolerable though I doubt it. If you are interested in this game, it's best to just watch a playthrough on YouTube of it that way you'll save yourself the frustration."
76561198046810334,Recommended,265690,13895117,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Spazticsarcastic,"You want to play a game that makes you feel like you've had some drugs? You found it.MaissanceE is one of the most puzzling first person puzzle games and it it tonnes(4-6 hours) of fun.Some puzzles are completely ridiculous to figure out, but it's awesome and it makes you feel likeyou're on drugs.Be prepared for many moments of ""What the hell is going on"" and ""Wow"""
,Recommended,265690,13538954,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Urotsuki,Absolutely breathtaking. Definitely something to check out if you like exploration games or massive cyberstructures.
,Recommended,265690,13810538,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Tron ⊚,"Superior game! very atmospheric, enjoyable gameplay.But...horrible gameplay at last part (Meet the host), awful ending and no story explanation.Very exciting start and so much frustrating disappointment end :(It still worth playing for the fantastic first part!7/10"
76561198019046685,Recommended,265690,13939206,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Hooded Crow,Awesom game that gives you a headache and makes you cross eyed!  Only thing is please take out the really annoying breath mechanic!  It adds nothing to the game except frustration!.......I think ill go watch Cube now!
,Recommended,265690,13776194,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,AsatorPrime,A nice little puzzle/platformer with a unique style.
,Recommended,265690,13725928,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lazaron,"NaissanceE is a game about exploring the unknown and pushing forward even when the world is bleak and foreboding.  In this game, the environment is both your enemy and your friend.  Architecture comes alive to both help and hinder you.This game is like exploring an alien pocket watch and I recommend it to anyone looking for something completely different."
76561197976857562,Recommended,265690,13759750,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,yourDeath,"The next paradoxical step from Antichamber, this is another beautiful indie game quite unlike any i have played before, it offers the same psychological challenges as Antichamber but brings far more isolation and atmospheric paranoia. The music score for this game is unearthly, beautiful and completely haunting. A definate play for those into the bizarre exploration first-person experience."
,Not Recommended,265690,13740193,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dimontez,Should've been a walking simulator instead of a very poor platformer.
,Recommended,265690,13786361,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,VoidSenpai,"It is really interesting. Even though It may be a bit linear, I still feel like i missed a lot in it."
76561198072528154,Recommended,265690,13836800,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Elia Arram,"In short, if you like Blame! - the manga by Tsutomu Nihei - you will find a world filled with similar visuals. It is definately a beautiful game, enhanced by some very awesome ambient music. All of these are taken from existing compositions by three different composers and are used to enhance certain scenes and images. Although they don't form a coherent listening experience, they do enhance the overall mood in a wonderful way.Sadly, the one thing that is lacking is narrative. Not a story in the normal sense, but a form of narrative. Why is Lucy lost? Where is Lucy? And who is she? Who is she running from? The game starts - innocently enough - with three words - Lucy is lost, but sadly it doesn't go anywhere from there. This short sentence is the starting point for aesthetically awesome adventure, that sadly left me a bit cold at the end.The puzzles itself were totally fine with me, even the platforming bits were fine, except for the tunnel level - that one got a bit too annoying in parts.Would I recommed this game? Hell yes! It looks beautiful and has some of the coolest architecture and designs I have seen in a long while!"
,Recommended,265690,13843213,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Straxter,"Wow, this game is so adictive.  I like very graphic intense colorful games and never thoght that I would enjoy a 'casual' game but this game although sime IS NOT.  This gave spookes the heck out of me becuase I had a dream like this.  This is alwese and the differet effects of your suraunidng envirument are mind blowing."
76561198022750630,Recommended,265690,13868174,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,michael_kuerbis,"NaissanceE is not an easy game to review. It is one of these exploration games that a cynic might call walking simulators, but NaissanceE actually has enough gameplay to call it a game. Still, a term that might be even more fitting is tech demo for the UE3.So NaissanceE is sort of a one-man-project from Limasse Five a.k.a. Mavros Sedeño. It seems like Limasse Five wanted to make a 3D game and was able to do the environment and level design, some animation and a bit of programming. But he had absolutely no clue about 3D modeling, texturing and creative writing, so he nearly completely avoided these jobs.Take a look at the screenshots to see what the game looks like. It does have its style and surely it is nice to look at. But while the lighting job was probably quite difficult, the modeling and texturing (or nearly complete lack thereof) still make it seem like not a lot of effort was put into it. However, this may be forgiven if you consider that the game was a one-man-project. The graphics completely rely on the advanced lighting technologies of the UE3, that's why I suggested to call NaisssanceE a tech demo earlier.In terms of gameplay, NaissanceE is a bit like a 3D platformer. Actual puzzles are rare, you just have to keep going. The challenge lies in the fact that you have no objectives and no idea where you are supposed to be going, so you have to explore the area a bit and figure it out.Regarding the context and the storyline, the short answer is that there is none. You may interpret the game however you like it, but NaissanceE does not try to push you in any particular direction.The game lacks some attention to the technical details. When I opened the UE console with the TAB key, it covered two thirds of the screen and would not close. When I called up the Steam overlay, the game crashed. It also does not install silently like most games on Steam do. And a lot of default strings were not replaced, which is just lazy.Also, the distribution of checkpoints is often quite weird. Sometimes it felt like I was systematically not reset to the last checkpoint, but the one before that. This also adds a lot of unnecessary commute to the game if you die often.NaissanceE is not a long game. Even if you take the time to explore, the first runthrough should take about 4-6 hours. A replay could be accomplished in an hour or two, speedruns take about 45 minutes.For a one-man-project, NaissanceE is indeed quite impressive and a nice experience. But if you consider the lack of features most games have and the corresponding lack of effort, 15€ does seem quite a bit pricey. Definitely wait for a sale or reconsider that this a one-man-project."
,Recommended,265690,15701541,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,thesoundboy,"This game just gets crazier and better and weirder and more amazing every few minutes. If it looks intriguing to you, go for it. It takes a second to get going but you'll not regret it."
,Recommended,265690,15662620,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,LepcisMagna,"Some games you get lost in.  Some games you get *lost* in.  This is mostly the latter, with a tad of the former - and I can't recommend it enough if you like getting lost for a few hours."
,Recommended,265690,15651238,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Synophrys,An immersive journey that keeps you stuck looking at your monitor. A sort of eerie experience with a wonderful soundtrack that accompanies the gameplay perfectly. Prepare to feel insignificant amidst towering structures and endless abysses. 10/10 would walk/run/breath again.
,Recommended,265690,14119339,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kevlittrell,This game is interesting to say the least. The style and sound design are dream-like and it had me immersed in a world that felt safe yet very alone. The game should be liked for what it is which is a beautiful walking puzzle game. The lack of story and complex gameplay makes the game unique and more mysterious.
,Recommended,265690,14454174,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mokiki,"For the one year anniversary, I noticed I hadn't written a review for this game. It's one of my favorite hidden gem games and wish it was more noticed. It's not for everyone, and a little too abstract and exploration based for the common gamer.But good god I love this game. Beautiful environments, a chilling tone filled with wonder, grandeur, claustrophobia and everything inbetween. I absolutely can't wait to get an Oculus Rift and play this in VR.Comes very very highly recommended if this is your game category."
,Recommended,265690,14455660,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Captain Phasma,"If you liked Portal, Antichamber, The Talos Principle, or the Stanley Parable, this is a game to look into."
76561198023941716,Recommended,265690,14587927,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Master KnyteShade,This Is One Of The Most Weirdest Games Ever!!! I Get The Feeling The Game Is Playing With Me Because I Feel Like Im Being Watched And At Times I Feel Someone Following Me. I Feel Loss Of Balance In The Dark And I Wanna Feel The Ground Before I Walk Anywhere!!! Any Chance I Rest Im Looking Behind Me But I Have The Only Choice Of Franticly Chasing The Light To Find The Right Way Out!!! I LOVE IT!!! THIS IS A GAME OF PURE ADRENALINE AWESOMENESS!!!
,Recommended,265690,9192267,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,[вк] ληтι¢!т!zєη¹,"Hey there, by reading this you´re trying to find out if NaissanceE is worth the money.Hmm, i can´t tell. cause it depends on which kinda games you like.But what i can tell u is, that even after reading all the reviews myself,with some peoples reporting issues with the movement-control behaviour,save/checkpoint-system and other stuff they don´t liked or couldn´t get used to,that i anyway decided to give it a shot, and i didn´t regret it.(even if it feels too short, but i guess thats a feeling everyone has on games they like)This game is kinda pure art.From my perspective as a person who did some Mapping myself,i was totally stunned by its look n feel, and its clearly an inspiration.It has alot of WTH WOW moments,and some more or less tricky puzzles.There is some passages which are hard to manage,but even if i died alot at some points, it doesn´t felt annoying,no, quite the opposite it was putting a smile on my face.The whole atmosphere, with its sounds/music,the lighting and color-sheme, along with theamount of details in the architecture structures,and all those pretty FX/ideas they realized in this game,thrown into such a surreal place, with no player-leading at all,just left me with the word impressive.The only 2 cons on my mind are,1: there should have been achievements (which would force players to replay)2: after respawning the game gets kinda stucked for a moment, before running smooth again.If you love games like Antichamber, Q.U.B.E., Kairo,yeah you know all that MindF**Kers stuff...Then this is a Must-Play and you should give it a try.Remember ""The way is the goal""Its not about reaching the end, as soon as possible.So enjoy your jouney.Regards AC1"
76561197998570156,Recommended,265690,10995376,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,GatlingNuke438,"NaissanceE is one big monochrome mind♥♥♥♥, it dwelves deep into the pits of insanity. Just take breaks when you play it so you don't go insane"
,Recommended,265690,11437758,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,amateurgod,designgasm.
,Recommended,265690,11454036,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Fana7ic,"Absolut geniales Erkundungs-Spiel.Die Welt wirkt riesig und fremd und ist an jeder Stelle interessant zu erkunden.Wem es gefällt neue Welten zu entdecken der sollte sich NaissanceE ansehen,wer allerdings nur auf Action und Shooter games steht kann es getroßt ignorieren."
76561198023829488,Recommended,265690,11067769,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,matstm,"As an exploratory gamer... real nice. I haven't finished yet but the greyness and play of light in the abstract world makes this harder then you would think at first.Definitely a must buy if you enjoy walking through the world, finding hidden paths etc. But also if you want to see how much game you can make with just some blocks, a player character and some light. It really is amazing."
76561198153481056,Recommended,265690,12570737,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,navycommander,"The positives: I love the atmospherics - it starts as a corridor type exploration game but then the player is rewarded by vast mechanized vistas which are simply beautiful in their art deco, machine-minimalist style.  The expansive area you are exploring  is evocative of the vast complex hinted at in the film Forbidden Planet - mechanized perfection but no people - perhaps a society which had been destroyed by its own quest for whatever the complex was designed for.   There were times I simply stood and admired the vistas which were presented to me starting at Level 8 (Big Well).  The sense of scale and my own insignificance in this world were amazing - excellent use of lighting, perspective and industrial haziness - a fantastic technical achievement and a terrific use of the procedurally rendered immersive world concept.The negatives: be prepared for frustrations - there is a lot of precision/timed jumping skill required - the fascination with this began to seriously wear off in several levels where it required repeating the level dozens of times to get the timing down, and finally wore off completely on Level 28 (Magnetic Pain) where you have to walk along a spinning turbine shaft to gain access to a tunnel.  I know intellectually that I would be able to eventually master the level through repetition to get the timing down but I started to simply wonder why I was spending my time in this way and lost interest at this point.  I much preferred the puzzles in the game which required logic to proceed versus the obstacles requiring dexterity and timing.  I couldn't help thinking thatit would have been brilliant for the authors to have provided two ways to advance - one by jumping and the other by solving a puzzle.  In the case of Level 28, for instance, it would be nice to provide me the choice of either walking along the spinning turbine shaft or solving a puzzle that would stop the spin - this would make for a more satisfying experience and widen the potential audience.  Fortunately I am blessed with enough dexterity to play this game but I couldn't help thinking of those who might not - I submit that this game should be more about exploration and solving puzzles rather than being nimble and quick enough to jump here or there at precisely the right time.  If I ever find myself confined for a long period of time with nothing else to do, I'll return to the game.Overall - I recommend this game just for the ability to view some of the vistas rendered in the game, but realize you will likely need to repeat levels many times in order to advance.  You may even decide to give up on it as I did but don't stop before Level 8 - Big Well.  This is a world worth visiting just to see it - a Cubist Grand Canyon if you will - well worth the cost of the game.  Note however that I cannot speak to whether there is a satisfying conclusion to the game."
,Recommended,265690,13207743,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,N E O N,"Beautiful, terrifying, unforgettable. This game got under my skin and is without a doubt one of my favorite picks of the year. A haunting, abstract trip through light and dark whose secrets play with the imagination as few other games do."
76561198033888121,Not Recommended,265690,13218969,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,rChi274,"The lack of ability to save your progress makes this game an exercise in frustration.  Apparently there are widely spaced auto-save points, but I'd never know because I got tired of re-tracing my steps after missed jumps (or falling into inescapable spaces) and quit before I made it to the first one.  I might go back for another try in the future, but based on what I've seen so far, I doubt it.  A lot of people seem to like this game, but I'm not one of them."
,Recommended,265690,13220137,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Joachim Finlay,"This game, despite having no explicit plot besides ""Lucy is lost"", could well be my favourite. I have never played another game with an setting as great as this - a sci-fi minimalist, somewhat brutalist (underground?) complex. The architecural style is right out of the best sci-fi films, and is lovely. And the music is outstanding as well. The game actually brings the player on a journey and you experience so many emotions... It's transcendes plot. I got it on sale, and honestly, I believe that it is underpriced at 22 $. But watch out, there are no hints, and, partly because of the open nature of the environment, it is really easy to get lost and spend half an hour doing the wrong thing... It remindes me a bit of 2001, but with less explicitness...The good: -Probably the best setting of any gameThe bad: -Can be very challenging95/100."
,Not Recommended,265690,15239541,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Moonlight,"This is one of those games where a ""maybe"" option is warranted. Pay in mind that I have only played the first chapter, where I decided that the game wasn't really worth my time. I just didn't have fun. Why? Here's why.Firstly, I wouldn't recommend playing this on a laptop. I don't know if it's a part of the game or not, but I had some input lag that drove me absolutely insane. This is a first person game and there are some jumping parts, which made me fall over and over again at places I shouldn't have. Since there is also a part where there is a timing aspect... well, it wasn't enjoyable. Looking around with the mouse also felt floaty and therefore frustrating. As previously mentioned, this might be because I played on a laptop, but it might be worth considering nontheless.Secondly, the theme of the game is about light and shadows. The problem, in my opinion, is that the dark sections are pitch black. If you're not looking where you're supposed to, this is really disorientating, and finding the right paths can feel a bit random. However, this does add a challenging aspect to the game, which some might love. It is very stylistic and has a very distinct ambience. The music, the dark and the tight spaces does make it feel very uncomfortable and quite creepy at times, which is more of a plus than a minus. There are some intriguing things happening as well, if you can get to them.This game was very frustrating to me and I felt that it was a bit too random. Based on this I wouldn't recommend it. But if you like being challenged by hidden paths and if you don't mind being lost and fighting through some less satisfying mechanics, do give it a try. For me, it's a no."
,Recommended,265690,15050141,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,ArYahn,"Very pretty, dream-like experience, that's the selling point. Some simple puzzles/platforming and a pointless, tacked on breathing system (have to left click periodically while running). May want to avoid if you ever experience motion sickness playing games; there's one section in particular that'll do you in. Also it's a bit short, I feel like I took my time with it and still cleared in under 4 hours. All told I really enjoyed it, definitely worth a purchase when the price is right (for you)."
76561197984289167,Recommended,265690,13656050,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Plebius,"An awesome game about an asthmatic girl lost in what could best be described as a dream world of a psychotic architect on acid.I'm impressed by the author's ability to produce an intriguing first person game with extremely simple control mechanics.Run, jump, fall, and DIE...And you will die many times in this game, which can break the rhythm in immersion at times.This game is about the journey and not the destination.This game is not recommended for people suffering from epilepsy."
,Recommended,265690,15173286,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,mortal,"Surprisingly good game, with puzzle and exploration, not too long, not too short, really good atmosphere !!7/10 or 8/10, i really enjoyed this one, but only playing 2 hours sessions, because you can easily have headache / eyeache with this game -_-"
,Recommended,265690,15269489,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,PastaPillows,"If you enjoy odd games that surprise you in different ways, NaisansseE is definitely for you. I've played my fair share of exploration games, and I have to say this one had me feeling surprised at what I found multiple times. It's a very surreal experience for a kind of a steep price, so I'd say wait for a sale to experience this awesome but sadly short adventure game."
76561198040654274,Recommended,265690,13501690,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Alex_Aitman,"Stark, brutalist, alien architecture.  Isolation, paranoia, culture shock.  Sprint with the echoes of your own footsteps, and be mindful of your breathing.No traditional narrative, no characters, no enemies, no explanations.A great game to play before falling asleep if you want to give yourself weird dreams.  A few tricky jumping segments throw of the otherwise excellent pacing, but a truly memorable experience overall."
,Recommended,265690,14129784,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Oblivious,"I can't quite but my finger on it, but NaissanceE is an extremely abstract exploration focused platforming game. Between the unsual enviornments, the almost foreboding atmosphere, and the strange soundtrack, this game is liable to confuse anyone who plays it. Having just finished the game myself, I can't help but feel like this game wasn't meant to be understood. Maybe with some pondering, and a chance to sleep on it, I might be able to discern some solid meaning from this game.For those questioning whether they should buy this game or not, I can't really say for sure. Overall, I enjoyed playing NaissanceE, the enviornments were uniquie, the puzzles were inspiring, and the music and ambiance really set this game apart from any other abstract indie game.My problems with the game, however, are that in many cases, I felt absolutely lost (apart from the times where you should feel lost). The game avoids handholding like an akward prom date, and I often spent unneccesary time wandering around aimlessly through the same areas, tryign to figure out how to progress. My other problem is the game's relative length in comparison to it's regular price (currently $20 as of writing this). I realize that creating large areas to explore takes precious time and money to produce, as well as the almost ludicrous cost of the Unreal Dev Kit Liscense, but I managed to complete the game in (as Steam has recorded for me) 3.2 hours. Take it as you will, but it felt just a bit short for $20.If you're into abstract indie games, absolutely pick this up now, but if you're not quite sure about it, wait for it to go on sale, and pick it up.TL;DR ~ It's super trippy, has nice visuals, atmosphere, sound design, music, and all around game design. Lacks solid direction, but is sometimes done intentionally. Buy it on sale if you're not sure about it, otherwise get it now! This game is a gem! :D"
,Recommended,265690,14952131,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Ren,I'm officially detached from the social dogma.2manycubes/10 - Would play again.
,Recommended,265690,14861409,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,bUTTONpUSHER,"Wow, what a strange and wonderful trip! Thank you to the developers for making this."
76561198004035450,Recommended,265690,14642279,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Dixie Flatline,"It's an artsy, runny, jumpy, platformy first-person perspective puzzle game"
76561197972301483,Recommended,265690,14775432,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Captain Megadude,"Journey meets Antichamber, well worth a play through."
,Recommended,265690,10857610,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Robocephalic,The game is bleak and utterly horrifying in a way only a uncaring and inhuman universe can be.
,Recommended,265690,23568308,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,FishMan,"Looking back ages after I played it, I really liked this game.Would recomend"
,Recommended,265690,24771763,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BlackSenpai,"Rarely do I find games that are as interesting as this one is. The atmosphere, the music, art style, and mystery in this game makes it a cllassic in my book. I hope there will be more games like this in the future."
,Recommended,265690,24349002,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Dclyde,"Blame! the game?For those of you that know what Blame! is, you will love this game. It captures that world pefectly. I had played this game before even reading Blame, but I loved because of the amazing structures and amazing Dystopia that was created. When playing, it gives you the feel that you could go in many diffrent ways even though it is very linear. Some may think of this game as boring because it is described as a ""walking simulator"", but this is my favorite out of all of them. If you have any intrest in the game, I would highly recommend picking up this game."
76561198131281429,Recommended,265690,22827703,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Todes,"Superb atmosphere build by scale, lighting and music. There are some annoying platforming sequences i can look over because i had to actually use my brain to solve some puzzles. By that i don't mean the usual 3d puzzling like in portal where you learn mechanics and rules and how to apply those. There is some out of the box thinking involved. Played it at a friends, had to buy it aswell. Like a weird french movie but a game!"
76561197987982145,Recommended,265690,21041276,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,badkrma,A fun zen-like game... thank you for releasing it and wish you would make more of it :)
76561198149881474,Recommended,265690,22322192,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,trentvh,"I loved this game. It was fun, creepy, gave a good feeling of isolation and an alien environment.Exploration was fun, the inane jumping tasks weren't *too* inane - I got past them in a reasonable amount of time.Last level sucked about as many balls as it could. It was really cool to look at, fun idea, but it was a complete change from the rest of the game. It was running and dying and stupidly timed jumps. I didn't finish it. I watched a video about it and the ending. It was awful. I have no idea why the devs would screw up the entire feel of the game for the last level.I still recommend it, as it was super fun until it was super stupid, and the dumb part was only the last ten minutes of the game, so I can mentally throw that in the trash and remember the fun part.tl;dr: Great, minus the last ten minutes"
,Recommended,265690,25315299,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Daigo,"Quite a unique game. A surreal, sometimes scary, mesmerizing atmosphere to get lost in for a bunch of hours. One of my favourite ""walking simulator"" ever.8.2/10"
,Recommended,265690,21784678,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,DarkPhoenix,10/10 would bang again
,Recommended,265690,21189698,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,CJIA,"Really great atmospheric exploration/ first person puzzle platformer.  Part Journey, part antichamber, this game has a sense of scale that few can match.  The ending was a bit meh, but getting there is something else."
,Recommended,265690,21447873,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Fleakachu,Out of LSD?Out of shrooms?Then try NaissanceE!
,Recommended,265690,20412119,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,terminalparadox,This game isn't for everyone. If you're the kind of person who enjoys being psychologically tested and don't mind being disoriented then you may enjoy the short trip this game provides. It never holds your hand. It just drops you in media res and leaves the rest up to you to figure out. I believe there's a lot of meaning in this game but its up to each person to figure out for themselves. This game stimulated my aesthtic significantly and there were two moments that I had goosebumps. I enjoyed the dream like crazy trip and would reccomend it to those that want to experience an open narrative that's out of the norm.
76561198026733248,Not Recommended,265690,20456917,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Bees?,"[NOTE I DID NOT PLAY THIS GAME VERY LONG IT IT'S ENITRELY POSSIBLE IT GET'S BETTER LATER]ahem, I didn't like this game at all, I'm a sucker for games like portal or exploration games and ""walking simulators"" but this didn't do it for me, the game world is interesting but I couldn't really see much of it because half of my playtime was spend in cramped puzzle spaces or it was too dark to really get a good look, and on that note the light mechanic was really annoying more than anything. having to wait a few seconds every time you want to jump to make sure you don't fall to your death is well and good but when the room in question is composed mostly of jumps it gets tedious."
76561198053838171,Not Recommended,265690,20579924,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Xyler Relics,I was expecting more. but the games video was grainy and the game has the look and feel as if it was created in Blender in five minutes.
,Recommended,265690,20695855,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Ozzgarth,"Dripping with atmosphere, sucked me in and gave me a wondeful journey. Wish I could play it for the first time again. 10/10"
,Recommended,265690,20222441,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,zenjoi,"All of those hours playing minecraft, this is what I was hoping to find down in the dirt.Very short game (4 hours), but quite unique and mind-bending. Not really amazingly ""deep"" in that it would make you ponder your existence, and I didn't pick up on the themes of isolation and loneliness that others have mentioned, but it's a neat little puzzler. definitely worth a try, especially on sale (I got it for 4.79)."
76561198029217854,Recommended,265690,20317437,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Creed,"Long version: Some parts took me a couple of tries to figure out, but eventually even I completed the game. I don't consider myself an amazing gamer or anything like that, but i felt this game was challenging enough for the average gamer to complete.I don't think the game was ment to be a purely exploration based game (probably why the game is getting any negativity at all since it was labled as one). Otherwise why would they even include death as a response to going the wrong way or making a huge mistake? The trial and error, the easter eggs and hidden dead ends... The fact that the only way to get a story, or rather an idea as to what is going on, is through extrapulating what the environment shows you, makes the game that much more compelling. yes you could add things to make it easier, but that doesn't always make a game better. The satisfaction of completion well outweighed the learning curve the game presented.Short version: I don't believe this game is for everyone, but i do believe anyone who can understand it's basic mechanics can complete it. Kind of like an easier platformer version of the dark souls series, the challenge and reward of figuring it all out yourself is just apart of it."
,Recommended,265690,21831716,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,"Dududu, Confidence Spider",You don't play this game as hard or as long as maybe CSGO. But the awe and the lonliness this game creates. The beatuy and at times the genuine fear.I love this game.
,Recommended,265690,21815961,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,mar4enkoev,I would like to make this game! :)
76561198066786087,Recommended,265690,25046446,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,InstaNoods,"I rather enjoyed this game, but It definitely isn't for everyone. The black and white visuals paired with dynamic lighting looked beautiful to me, but for some it could be disorienting. I also enjoyed exploring, but others might find walking around, looking at blank walls tedious and boring.Overall, I would recommend it, but you should probably get it on sale."
,Recommended,265690,25895565,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,brambleshadow4,"The kind of game that gives you an existential crisis, NaisaanceE is more of an experience than a game. It forces you to feel lost in a large, dark world, full of interesting dwellings inhabited by no one other than yourself. There's so much you can see, but so much more you can't. You constanlty wonder about what's just out of sight, what's across the void, because you know there's something there, but you can't reach it. It makes you ask questions:Who am I? What is this place? Why am I here?"
,Recommended,265690,27868119,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ptc5010,"I think this game succeeded in what it was trying to do. I absolutely loved the level design, the atmosphere, the music, the gameplay, the environments... This entire game creates a wonderfully unique mood, even among and above games that have a simlar look or feel. I believe that NaissanceE is the best example of this kind of aesthetic and is the most fully realized game with this style of art. I only found one or two of the platforming sections to be a tad clunky, but in my opinion they mostly work. Only thing that didn't work for me in the long run is the breathing mechanic, but I can see why they wanted it in there considering the game is about birth."
76561197960376858,Recommended,265690,27002577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darken,"It is more a walking/running simulator, than a puzzle/platformer. There are some jumping, some puzzling, but for me, it was more about the experience of moving around, enjoying each new scenery. I would have loved for this game to have been  longer and/or more open for exploration. Some of the areas gives a impression of a vast world and the soundtrack only adds to the feeling.I had to lookup the solution to the spiral stairs trap >_<"
,Recommended,265690,26969396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sire,"The most beautiful and atmospheric ""walking simulator"" I've played, and I love the genre. Just and incredible art and sound design makes for a pleasant and relaxing experience in a world filled with unanswered questions and strange architecture. Definitely work picking up!"
,Recommended,265690,12585827,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,DemKin,"Just breathtaking with beauty, poetry and atmosphere. Short, but very powerful. I recommend this game to all the video games enthusiasts out there."
,Recommended,265690,26649593,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,The MacGovern,"NaissanceE is a so-called 'walking simulator', or, more accurately, an interactive art book with elements of platformers and Myst thrown in to reduce any percieved pretentiousness. There's a basic story, but it's simply to give you context as to why you're travelling through this world. And what a world it is! Massive cityscapes out of a black-and-white Blade Runner; ancient deserts segmented by massive, artificial dams; and bizarre kinetic art displays straight out of one of those avant-garde films you keep hearing about. It's truly breathtaking, especially if you can view it on a 4K monitor or, barring that, through downscaling via NVIDIA DSR or AMD VSR.There are some downsides to the whole experience, though. While the puzzles and platforming are certainly challenging and are integrated well into the world, there are a few puzzles whose rules aren't made clear until you stumble upon the answer - for me, by complete accident. Furthermore, running has this weird mechanic attached to it whereby you have to click the left mouse button at just the right time, lest you run out of air and stop to catch your breath. For me, it initially broke immersion, but I eventually got used to it and was able to enjoy the art. ""YMMV"", as they say.For the $14.99 asked, I'd say it's worth it. It's a fantastic interactive experience you won't want to pass up. I was lucky enough to get it on sale for $5.99, and it was more than worth it!"
76561198001816322,Recommended,265690,26607800,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,orborborb,"There are only two 'walking simulators' that are truly works of art, 'NaisssanceE' and 'Gadget: Invention, Travel, Adventure'"
76561198288026643,Recommended,265690,26687451,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,zeljko.vrba,"Exciting atmospheric game with stunning graphics. It starts slow, but it gets creepier and faster-paced as you progress. The plot is linear, so you'll never get ""stuck"" if you make a wrong choice, which is nice. Not even horror games gave me such chills as NaissanceE."
76561197999455467,Recommended,265690,27232965,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bann,"If you're a fan of Blame! or just any manga by Tsutomu Nihei, this game is a must!Amazing environments and great exploration, with some platform elements (not always perfect though).The pure and timeless art style add a lot to the atmosphere, sometime relaxing, sometime oppressing.Try it for yourself, this game deserve every bit of your attention!"
,Recommended,265690,29085786,Posted: 7 January,all,rawsey,Awesome i recommend it but buy it on sale.
,Not Recommended,265690,29015983,Posted: 4 January,all,Markefus,"It's a beautiful game in some aspects, however it's extremely frustrating."
,Recommended,265690,28798390,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dreambob,"great gameshort, buitiful , mesmerizing,feels like you are a  lab rat in a extraterrestial mazesome frustating chanllenges .Worth playing"
76561198042096692,Recommended,265690,28771848,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ScaryNed,"Played this years ago and it's still the most interesting game I've ever played. Best played in one go and at night as the longer you play the more you get sucked into its dark and abstract universe.I'm just really sad it's not as known as it should be. More people need to at least try it, it's too beutiful to be ingnored by so many. As an ignorant interloper with no idea what's going on, you feel so spectacularly inferior the whole way through, an aspect I've never felt so strongly before in any other game, which still holds true to this day. And that's coming form someone with more than 300 games in their library alone. And not a single texture was used to achieve this, being minimalistic, which is beyond impressive in my opinion.You shouldn't jump into the game expecting to have fun. It's way more of an experience than it is a game in that sense."
76561198020647378,Recommended,265690,33337703,Posted: 7 July,all,Sam,"NaissanceE offers an impressive variety of well-made 'gamescapes' to explore through its five chapters. If you like the idea of taking a more-or-less plotless run around vast geometric alien cities and strange spaces, then you'll certainly enjoy it.There are a few irritating downsides, such as the frustrating third chapter and the awkward saving locations (that occasionally put you way too far back in a game where you fall to your death frequently), but they're lessened by a few great moments - the second chapter, and the whole section in the 'desert', in particular.On the whole, I recommend it - though not at full price. If it's on sale, go for it."
,Not Recommended,265690,33202191,Posted: 3 July,all,menmaatre,Naissance is a very beautiful looking game and has a few good puzzles but the platforming aspect of the game is frustrating and discouraging. It's almost nonsensical logic works until you find yourself wasting time exploring some unnecessary avenue until you discover the correct route. The breathing function adds little to game and would easily benefit from it absence.
,Recommended,265690,31074111,Posted: 11 April,all,WolfLink,"A bizarre journey with no dialogue, no color, and no plot, yet it will keep you interested in its twisting mysterious labrynith.  Calming at times, creepy at other times.  The game nudges you in the direction you are supposed to go without feeling as linear as it is through clever level design.  It's a difficult platformer at times but mostly isn't too hard.I would strongly recommend!  My only real complaint is the enviornment is so dark it is hard to see where you are going.  Gamma settings don't help much."
76561198067849193,Recommended,265690,29157364,Posted: 9 January,all,ｔａｃｉｔ,"Architectural nightmares, flashing lights, excellent musical bits, come together in a thought-provoking art game. If you've ever been in a room-sized modern art installation, imagine that sort of surreal space extended to impossible scale. At times claustrophobic and at other times the opposite, whatever that's called. Some of the skill sections feel a bit out of place, but the full experience was worth the few hangups. Also stairs."
,Recommended,265690,29350507,Posted: 18 January,all,Mr. Wobble Spanky,+Intriguing environments and nice visual style+Great Audio+Atmosphere+Pacing-Price (get it at a discount)-Lackluster story conclusion
,Recommended,265690,28289485,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,chazna,great gaming experience. good graphic style and immersive world. Thanks !
,Recommended,265690,29287832,Posted: 15 January,all,Δv,"At its heart, NaissanceE is intended not for those who want to experience a ""game"", but rather the ambient darkness a la Tsutomo Nihei's BLAME!, perhaps coupled with Piranesi's ""Carceri"". The experience you have is manifold, and compares well to Kairo (another game in a similar vein available on Steam). Where NaissanceE is pseudo-linear exploration and the accidental occlusion of puzzles - they sort of show up, rather than being presented to you as in Kairo - the atmosphere is much more pronounced here. NaissanceE reveals a measure of spectral light, causing movement to be rare and the interplay of light and shadow quite spectacular.If you can deal with and enjoy a game that can be quite difficult in its platforming aspects (moreso than Kairo) but rewards you with the visual splendor that Pauline Oliveros' ""Deep Listening"" album evoked aurally - monolithic devices and structures rising from the gloom of nothingness, with a rather haunting ambient feel - definitely pick this up.This is Danielewski's ""House of Leaves"" in visual form. Where does form define itself if not within the darkness of our own eyes?"
76561198157201361,Recommended,265690,31482085,Posted: 1 May,all,Mineswee,"This game got a lot right and a lot wrong-I liked the visual style and movement,-good majestic/surreal moments (good music when highlighting majestic moments)-I liked the developers sense of humor including a curiosity killed the cat area, (they also totally included a strip bar)-many of the puzzles were good senseable puzzlesthings I didn't like-a couple dead ends/looper areas-1-2 puzzles I dont even know how I solved (ones involving light sources I think)-some glitches during the ""Boss battle""-this game makes you very concientious of your breathing which is annoying-creepy music for most of the game when there is nothing scary in this game (I really don't like creepy music)-a lot of the game you have no idea where you are going you just simply go-oh yeah and if you find an obilisk like from the movie a space odessy and you touch it, it will do a very long high pitched noise that hurts your ears (even my sleeping dogs looked over at me and I had to take off my earphones)all in all I thought it was a decent game"
,Recommended,265690,34789045,Posted: 6 September,all,quasiotter,"If you're attracted to abstraction, surrealism, chiaroscuro, cosmic horror, and are okay with first-person platforming and an ambiguous story, then I highly recommend it. This game is rather uncompromising in its vision, and won't suit everyone's taste.I am definitely the audience for NaissanceE, as I love ""art"" games more than anything else. The ambience and massive scale of the environments provided for one of my favourite experiences in interactive media. I took my time, completing no more than one chapter per night, always craving more. I absolutely love NaissanceE."
,Recommended,265690,33793505,Posted: 25 July,all,Dice,"Dude this game was a total trip. There were some moments where I thought I was gonna be stuck forever but I always managed to progress somehow. What I loved most about it was the unexpected aspect of it, you honestly never knew what to expect. It is sure to test your patience!I did a full playthrough on my youtube channel if anyone is interested: DiceDecides"
76561198326066750,Recommended,265690,34466036,Posted: 24 August,all,GamngLife,Amazing experience! The coolest idle game I have ever played!
76561197998189659,Recommended,265690,34428699,Posted: 22 August,all,Freddy,Very surreal exploration game with good music! Reminds me of Antichamber and Kairo but not as good as those two. It's not worth 13€ but the next steam sale is always just around the corner.
,Recommended,265690,35021498,Posted: 17 September,all,forkburn,Great atmosphere.
76561198045989928,Recommended,265690,35158851,Posted: 23 September,all,mat.d.ohio,"Stunning visuals, very fun exploration game. Worth the time wandering around"
,Recommended,265690,35354933,Posted: 30 September,all,SpaceManSpiff,Great experience
,Recommended,265690,35365041,Posted: 30 September,all,fattmann,"Fantastic aesthetic. Mechanics were simple and well done.I wished to see more of the light/dark puzzles. I felt once a puzzle style was made familair, they moved onto a different one too fast. The latter half was a bit too try-hard for trippy Anti-chamber like. I don't feel it complimented the first half. It was almost like a different game/exploration that could have been saved for a sequel, and with no closure on the first half.All in all, I liked it."
,Recommended,265690,35395641,Posted: 1 October,all,willis,beautiful
