user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198067031569,Recommended,265950,11055529,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,marianne~,"I just finished Ether One.  It's a brilliant game with an exceptional story.  It reminds me of the Adventure games of yore where it is best to take notes, make maps, draw diagrams and exam everything.  I took my time and I worked on a section at a time trying to complete it before moving on.  The puzzles can be challenging, but your note taking efforts will greatly help.  This also comes in mighty helpful when it is necessary to go back into an area.  These efforts will help to complete the game as it should be completed and the rewards for doing so are three-fold.  The story is in-depth with a lot of substance.  It's also a teaching experience.  I finished with tears in my eyes, a filled heart and a mind enveloped in wonderment.  This is, by far, one of the best games i have ever played.  Outstanding !!"
,Not Recommended,265950,17883235,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Kryyss,"Did you ever have somebody tell you about a movie they saw or a book that they read, saying it had so much depth and was so thought-provoking that you knew it must be worth a look. But when you did, you saw none of what this person described? That's Ether One.This is going to be a spoiler free review, largely because there isn't much to spoil so it is easy to avoid.When you start the game, there is a great deal of promise. Presentation is good and the pacing is decent. Voice actors are good. The art-style is interesting and the environments well designed.But it doesn't take long before you find yourself in a game where you find yourself casually walking through the clearly marked core of the story but completely unaware of side-quests which make up the bulk of the content. When you start to understand that mundane objects have a larger significance you turn into a kleptomaniac, expecting to encounter some truely ingenius puzzles which remind you of games like Resident Evil or Myst, but suddenly discover that the developers have hidden the puzzles so well that half the time you're walking past them or completely clueless about where to start. So you start poking everything randomly to see if anything happens. Not to mention that much of what you've been collecting doesn't actually have a use at all. It's like buying one of those Lego kits and then discovering you have loads of bricks left over and actually feeling like somebody intended to use them for something but never did.Ether One pitches itself as a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. What you get is a short-story which starts off being subtle, then gets bored and screams all its secrets at you part way through the story resulting in an anticlimactic and utterly unsatisfying ending which you unfortunately saw coming if you were paying any attention to the many blatent clues peppered throughout the game. I get the impression that the developers had all these ideas in their heads but didn't really understand how to deliver them. So to ensure players didn't miss the point they painted the 'clues' in neon pink, wrote them in capitals and also attached sirens and bells to make sure you saw them.For a game intended to convey how confusing dimentia is for a sufferer of the condition, the developers have clearly gotten too close to their source material. Because the game itself ended up being as incoherant and haphazard as the memories of a typical dimentia patient. I actually worry that they intended to make the game like this on purpose and completely forgot that it was still meant to be about having fun.I really cannot recommend that anyone hands over money for something like this. If you want to have a game like this I'd actually recommend Master Reboot."
,Recommended,265950,14202170,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"It's not easy to properly comprehend the effect debilitating diseases have on people until you experience their effect yourself. It's easy to see them as terrible but improbable occurrences, something that clearly happens but is impossible to envision yourself suffering from. And yet, dementia scares the hell out of me. The idea that there's this invisible force that has no cure, no prevention, that will almost certainly affect you at some point in your life and only becomes more likely the longer you live somehow feels so much more real to me than cancer, or ebola, or any other life threatening disease that I could come in contact with.Perhaps that's due partly to how much dementia affects not only yourself, but the people around you. Watching your grandparents forget you along with themselves is a cold shock to reality that puts things into startling focus the way statistics and symptom lists never could. And it's the inescapable nature of something you can't predict or counteract that makes it difficult to just push the thought out of your mind that one day you might wake up and have forgotten who you are.Ether One isn't really about a hypothetical cure for dementia, or the life of someone finding slowly losing themselves to it. To me at least, it's about giving that human perspective to something in all likelihood we will all go through. Inhabiting the memories of someone undergoing experimental treatment, you travel through their life learning the events that shaped them and then watching them fall away as the disease takes hold and they struggle to hang onto even the moments most important to them.It's depressing but not in a way that makes you sad, so much as it causes you to feel empathetic as you watch a character you've become emotionally invested with have everything taken away from them. Reading through personal letters, town events, job descriptions, and fidgeting with character belongings, you get to know these characters to even their most mundane and ordinary level. Life is often unfair, but Ether One captures the sense of uncontrollable tragedy and desperate attempts at resolution that's almost painful to see because it's so understandable.Ether One has built a world so close to our own, but given it a purpose and a life that makes every scrap of paper and ordinary item feel meaningful. I wanted to know more about these characters, to pry into their emotions and personal thoughts to try and understand what they were going through, and Ether One allows you to do this in a way that doesn't feel intrusive or emotionally manipulative. You're trying to help your character remember who they are; trying to put things back together in a desperate hope to save their memories, and prove the procedure a success so nobody will have to go through something so destructiveEther One's only real problem is that it tries harder than it probably needs to to be a more traditional game than first-person exploration games are often considered, and ends up making it incredibly hard to see most of its content that it hides behind obtuse puzzles and logic that's often difficult to understand. There are a lot of objects you can interact with, but just enough which you can't that it's often incredibly difficult to know which items are for solving puzzles and which have been included just as a means of world building. My solution to this was to attempt to scavenge everything I could pick up, but that makes for an extremely cluttered and impractical playstyle that still often left me clueless when it came to solving an actual puzzle.I say puzzle, but the projectors you need to reassemble in Ether One were often more comprehension barriers than logical conundrums. I was at such a loss as to know even where to start that even with the answer typically staring me in the face it was near impossible for me to solve anything without the help of a guide. In a lot of ways it feels very much like the sort of obtuse puzzles found in a lot of old adventure games, an I imagine people missing those games will feel right at home, but in my case I was more frustrated at trying to parse an endless stream of relevant and irrelevant information than I was satisfied by actually managing to solve one.And it's a shame because it makes it extremely easy to miss huge swaths of content for those less inclined to sit and ponder solutions or look them up online, content which gave a larger context to the story that I feel is important anyone playing the game experience. Were it any other game I'd have likely given up and just skipped to the end, but Ether One deserves more than that. I felt like I owed it to the game to see all it had to show me, no matter how trivial it might be because even meaningless documents and items could eventually serve some significance.Ether One certainly hasn't dissolved my fears of dementia, but it definitely helped show me that I could be doing more for those affected by it instead of turning away because I'd rather not deal with the emotional trauma of someone you have to reintroduce yourself to every meeting. What that might be I'm not entirely sure of yet, but I feel Ether One is important for even daring bring these ideas up, and I hope they won't be lost on others who play it.You can read more of my writing onKritiqal."
76561198080971015,Recommended,265950,14605920,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,kevinspacey4ever,"This will go down as one of the best games I have ever played. Everything about it, from the great voice acting, to the nuanced story-telling, to the stunning world building. The feeling I had upon completion of this game was not unlike finishing a beloved novel. Once I am done I enter a period of post story depression, wherein I am sad the world I had been living in is now over. That is exactly how I felt after completing EO. I wish I could take my memory away of this game and play it again for the first time so that I could have the same feelings of awe and wonderment. The feelings I had were not unlike playing/completing the amazing games I played as a youth.To point, I highly recommend this game to ANY player. With one caveat. Know that the game you're about to play has a set pace, is not an action game, requires remembering details and difficult puzzle solving, and maybe 30% of the incredible story telling comes from notes/newspapers/items/ect. you must find YOURSELF in the world of the game. This game requires and deserves your time and attention. Also, like a good book, the story and answers to questions are not all handed to you in a gift wrapped box at the end. You, like the developers trained you throughout the game, must use the pieces to solve the puzzle that is EO. If any of this sounds like the worst way to play a game, then wait until you do feel like something thought provoking. Like many pieces of great art/entertainment you need to be in the right mood. If I had just finished playing something like Call of Duty and then tried to play this game, I might not have enjoyed it as much. So wait for yourself to be in the mood for this game, that way you give yourself the best opportunity to enjoy it.Pros+Voice acting(waaaay above average)+Graphics(it has a style, and does it well)+World Building(I don't know if the town the game is set in exists, but god did it feel like a real place with a real history)+Story-Telling(There is a deliberate pace to the story-telling, and its executed superbly)+Game Play(Again it requires reading and collecting, both things I already do in any game that allows me. But it is an adventure exploration game, so there is a lot of reading/collecting)+Ending(without revealing too much, there are two endings. Both are great, but the second one, which I stumbled on accidently, left me without words and nearly in tears)+Puzzle-Solving(to say the puzzles in EO are difficult is an understatement. I had to consult a guide on a number of them. Luckily I found a guide on the steam forums that gave three hints before giving the solution so I felt like I was cheating less)Cons+bugs(this game has them, every game has them. Luckily the ones I encountered in no way effected my gameplay)+length(I wish it were longer. I don't feel cheated in any way, but like all good things, I just wanted more)\Bottom line - You should play this game, just play it when you’re in the mood for it."
76561198072305679,Recommended,265950,12747568,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lars5on,"This game has all the elements that I, personally would have asked for in a game.It is a great story! I loved the whole idea of exploring memories and the human mind, it actually got me thinking of my own memories and how they are connected to people I've meet and things I own, just amazing storytelling!The art and voice acting are also great and work very well with the story.I would say that this game is great for those who like story driven puzzle games, and that have the patient and interest to really go through the story and do all of the ""quests"".Yes, you could ""just"" do what you need in order to progress, but in doing so you miss out on the whole experience.With that I hope that more people take the chance to play this game, because it will stay with you for a long time!"
,Recommended,265950,33052129,Posted: 30 June,all,[Tom K],"It's good, but...I was never so unsure, if I give a thumbs up or down on a game. In the end I have to admit that the game hooked me quite hard and I couldn't wait to finish it. So I guess it's a thumbs up then ;-)It's a puzzle game whereas the puzzles are optional. Sounds weird, but if you are really stuck on one, you can simply skip it and come back later to try again. That's nice.The whole game takes place in the memories of a dementia patient. While you explore this world, you learn a lot about the protagonist, resulting in a quite nice story. It's really cool how the story is told. It's coming in piece by piece, but never giving you a feel of too many open questions, confusion or unclearness. The story is very nice!Let's talk about the puzzles now, which I think is the game's main element. Basically, they are well done. The problem is just that we are in the protagonist's memories. This is technically a fantasy world. If you expect a puzzle with a clear goal and logical steps to solve it, you may not find it. The goal of all ETHER ONE's puzzles are «restore the state as it used to be». This way you restore the memory. This can lead to random solutions. However, the creators managed to keep most puzzles on a logical line. You have a goal and you have to follow a few logical steps to get there. Just in a few puzzles you do arbitrary things. Like one step of one puzzle isto make coffee. You have no clue why, and it's totally random and has nothing to do with the rest of the puzzle. There is just a big poster sayinghow to clean the coffee machine, so you do it. Then, because you cleaned the machine you also make some coffee with the proper cup and then your done. State is restored, puzzle done, but the step is totally random. It could also be to cook supper, or take a shower or something like that. This is something i ultimately disliked there. But most puzzles are fine, though! They are also very versatile and avoid any mathematical things like binary transformation or whatever. So everyone can do them.Many things are done right in the game. For example, there are many lockers that miss a number wheel. You find these wheels around the game. Unfortunately, I totally lost one. No clue where I've put it, could be everywhere. Good thing that you get one extra just for this case.Or also well done: the game is split in 4 levels. That way, you don't get confused by too big areas and too much information at once. Also most things for most puzzles are somewhat near together. That way you avoid long walking. Mostly, at least.One big downside is that I totally missed the 3rd area (Mines) of the game. Just... skipped. I was thinking «yeah ok, at some points i have to reach the mines» and then I end up at the credits and am just like «wtf». I had to GOOGLE how I can experience one quarter of the game. While googling I read of other people thinking the area is not yet finished and therefore not accessible and stuff like that. Then it's a verysmall, hidden tunnelto enter the area. That's a brutal game design fault there! Big minus. It's like Mario with the default path leading to warp zone and the hidden path leading to the default game progression. How dumb would that be? Yes, very dumb! And it was done here. Not sure if it's a bug or wanted, but I think it's wanted. If the entrance to the mine is combined with a puzzle, it may be ok.  But there is no projector (which symbolizes puzzles and how much progress you've done in the corresponding puzzle) near the entrances. So you think all the time that the game will bring you there at some point.I think you could walk a bit faster, generally in the game. This would make it a bit more dynamic. Voice acting is very good. Graphics are 'meh' to ok. Music is mostly not present, and when it's present it's monotone and nothing spectacular.I played Ether One, not the Redux Version.6/10"
,Not Recommended,265950,16982809,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,arrowmaker,"I like what they've tried to do and how they've tried to do it, and wish more developers would start with the story and let that inform everything else.  It is well written and well told.However, in good conscience, I can't recommend this game because the puzzles, a fundemental part of what this game is trying to do, don't work.  Some are obtuse; some are illogical; one is actually broken.  The playtesting either wasn't done properly or the developers didn't fix the issues raised.  You can technically complete the game without attempting the puzzles, but that's like listening to a radio on mute.If the developers can improve in that area, everything else was of a high quality, and I have high hopes for their future output."
76561198091747337,Recommended,265950,20847566,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Magic Miller,"My grandmother suffered terribly with dementia not long before she died.  She forgot who I was and went back to her childhood :'(  I personally found it very hard to get into at first, but the story, though it is sad, it is touching.  You don't get many games tackling difficult subjects like this.  Keep 'em coming xx"
76561198089682664,Recommended,265950,9630753,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Justin_417,"Great game. The enviroment has a great feel to it, the graphics are good, and the music and sound just play out perfectly. Very fun adventure game, its nice to take a break from the constant fast paced FPS games of today. Although for me some of the puzzles were on the more challenging time, I never felt hopeless like I do in many puzzle games, and the game seemed to keep pusing you along even if you coulden't figure a puzzle out. I really do like this game, and I will definately reccomend it! Can't wait to see more come from White Paper Games!"
,Not Recommended,265950,15859771,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Vux,"--- SUMMARY ---- The puzzles are moronically random and difficult. BUT you can completely ignore them (just find the ribbons) if you just want to finish the game and unlock one of the endings.- Story: Confusing until you get to the end, which means you're just floundering for hours in a world that doesn't really make sense. For me, the pay-off didn't offset the frustration I felt while playing this game (or I wouldn't be writing this lengthy review).--- ""GAMEPLAY"" ---The ""gameplay"" in Ether One is an absolute game-design abomination, breaking many obvious game-design principles. As you've probably seen from many other reviews, the majority of the game mechanics is you walking around (similar to Gone Home) solving puzzles. This isn't bad by itself (and I really enjoyed Gone Home); it's just executed very poorly in Ether One.The main complaint everyone has is the puzzles are EXTREMELY random and frustrating. As an example, one of the first puzzles you encounter has you free-form type out the answer. By free-form I mean you can type whatever you want, selecting letter or number character-by-character with zero guidance whether you're on the right path or not. TERRIBLE GAME DESIGN MECHANIC!!!!!!!! I have never, ever seen that in any other modern game. Maybe in games from the 80s, but modern game designers should know better. Now here's the kicker, you can't use your keyboard! Let me say that again: you have to TYPE the answer, on a COMPUTER, and you CAN'T USE THE KEYBOARD. WHAT. THE. F!!! Yes, you have to press up/down dozens or hundreds of times to sequentially type out a single word. If this game mechanic was submitted in a game design school, the teacher would probably smack this student up-side the head. Requiring the player to type out free-form answers to puzzles is *already* a Game Design 101 atrocity, but not being able to use a keyboard is idiocy to the absolute MAXIMUM. This kind of typing-puzzle mechanic occurs many times throughout the game and infuriated me every time I saw it.Continuing on with this same puzzle, not only do you have to free-form type the answer by pressing up/down repeatedly, but there are not one, but TWO notes a few feet away saying that this item is a ""shoe"" or whatever (avoiding spoilers). I spent what seemed like ages trying variations on ""shoe"" or ""dancing shoe"" with capitalizations etc to no avail. Finally I looked it up and (minor spoiler) you have to find the item somewhere else, pick it up, and HOLD the inspect button to find out its true name. That should tell you right there how unforgiving this game really is, with nearby notes meant to confuse and lead you astray. The amount of rage I felt for having wasted so much time for following the clearly designed notes left nearby was indescribable.This puzzle was when I knew beyond the shadow of a doubt that I was in for a VERY frustrating experience. Another early puzzle has you use a wire in a place where it doesn't seem like the wire should fit at all, since the two wires are *completely* different. GRRRRRR!!! Another section leads you to a locker room where the combination is already in place. You can open/close the lockers freely but (and I'm hoping this is a bug) as soon as you change the combination by 1 number, and change it back, the combination no longer works. WHAT THE !??!??!?!?!?!?!?!I decided to press on with the game instead of just quitting, purely because I didn't want to waste the money I paid. That being said, a few hours later I found out that you don't really need to solve the puzzles (just find the ribbons). So I ignored all the puzzles for the rest of the game, hunting for the ribbons hoping to get to the end as soon as possible.--- CONTROLS ---What makes all these puzzles incredibly insanely frustrating is that the game offers zero clue on what you can interact with and what you can't. There are no colored outlines on interactive items, no clues as to when an item needs to be inspected or used, no sounds, absolutely nothing at all. I'm not looking for an easy-mode, but the game is a flat world that expects you to basically just spam your mouse buttons for hours on end because the graphics do not do an adequate job of showing what items can be used. Even worse is that there are hundreds of items that you can pick up but are never used. Having unimportant items isn't bad by itself; but when 99% of them are useless, it makes puzzle solving even more frustrating. This is worsened again by the fact that you can only hold one item at a time. Frustrating beyond belief.The controls themselves are another section where the game designer's drunkenness shows true. The controls clearly list that there are two buttons that basically do the same thing (use an item). I went into the controls area dozens of times not understanding what the heck I was doing wrong because some buttons did nothing. Little did I know that more than halfway into the game you find something and then understand why some of the buttons do nothing. Very poor game design. The controls section should either not have those buttons until after you find ""X"" or have a note that says ""Some actions may not be available until later"".--- STORY ---The main problem with the story is that you can't appreciate the story (and thus the entire reason for playing the game) until AFTER you finish the game. You are 100% lost and confused and wondering what in the heck is happening for 6-10 hours, and then the game explains it at the end. *** BUT *** that means you spend 6-10 hours in complete and utter frustration. The problem is a huge one: THAT ISN'T FUN!!! If it was a movie or a YouTube video, fine. But a game is supposed to be fun while you're playing it, or at the very least, avoid frustration. Look at Gone Home for an example of how exploration-focused gaming is done right. Things actually make sense and the story makes you want to keep playing.The other problem is that the game, before you understand what is happening, is completely and utterly just plain old BOOOOORING. I had to stop playing many times simply because I was falling ASLEEP! No, I'm not kidding. This game literally put me to sleep with its boredom on numerous occasions.Lastly, the way the game handles the ending is yet another game-design abomination. Here's a quote from the official PC Gamer review: ""The ending sits in contrast to a game of impressive freedom. In the final half-hour, Ether One forgets its free-form puzzling. It worries that you've missed the story teased at on your journey and decides to rectify that. It sits you down, bids you be quiet, and lectures on the details in a fit of exposition to rival Bioshock Infinite. It's unnecessary; a blunt-force ending to a game which should have left us guessing."" Yes that's right: the last half-hour of the game forces you to literally just sit and watch. Why not save yourself the money and just watch a YouTube video then?--- CONCLUSION ---A) Make sure you're ok with the frustrating puzzles (or will just hunt for the ribbons) and before buying this game.B) If you're ok with the preceding point, make absolutely sure you buy this on sale please. Don't get it at full price.C) I will admit that the story about dementia is somewhat of a tear-jerker and actually does make you think. That is by far the only positive redeeming quality the game has, in that it brings more attention to mental health issues.This game is overly difficult to the point of frustration. Difficulty isn't bad by itself, but how it is handled. Dark Souls is incredibly difficult, but when you beat a boss, you feel a sense of accomplishment. This game is difficult, but when I finished a puzzle, I only marveled at how poorly designed the puzzle solution was and became even MORE frustrated.I wanted to like this game, I really did. To the developer, PLEASE if you make another game, make it less frustrating. There is absolutely nothing to be gained from a frustrating experience."
76561198095093722,Not Recommended,265950,14308361,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,DreiWho,"There are many positives with this game, the graphics, overarching story, voice acting, are some of them. The developer has worked hard. However, there is one BUT and for those who, like me, want to chose this game for the opportunity to do puzzles then this BUT is HUGE. The large majority of the puzzles are solved by performing totally random actions. Other reviewers has used the term  'counterintuitive', which sounds like you need to think outside of the box here. This is not the case, most puzzles are just random, which can work in small games where you have a screen or two and just few items in the inventory. Here the map is huge and having to go back and for continously and interact with everything with no clue of what you are looking for or trying to achieve is exhausting and frustrating. In my case I also had a couple of bugs, which meant I had to lose +2hours of game to back to an earlier save to be able to proceed. It was luck I still have that save as you can only keep three saves. I am sorry, but I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198253201379,Recommended,265950,31514091,Posted: 2 May,all,AceNoir,"Was a bit caught off-guard when I realized that it was under the Horror tag, but you can't really tell. it's justCreepyOtherwise a phenomenal game and I wish more people have heard of itI keep getting really close to finishing it, getting stuck, not playing it for a while, then restartingstill haven't finished it"
,Recommended,265950,30767133,Posted: 26 March,all,Death Of An Icon,"Ether OneI really enjoyed this game.It's a horrible story about death and neurodegenerative illness. Get some tissues. Honestly, go, get tissues.Kind of like the early Myst titles, you actually have to think about how to solve the puzzles, and they actually do progress logically (as opposed to puzzle games where you have to figure out wtf the dev was thinking about on that particular day at that particular moment). Research shows that engaging the brain with puzzles can help to fend off the neurodegenerative a$$hat family.There are a lot of notes in here, you have to read them, you have to remember them, you may need to make some notes of your own. If you're not into reading, you're going to want to change that, or miss a great game - your choice.100% you should play this exceptional game.ReduxWhen you buy this you also get the new completely rebuilt (with UE4) version, Ether One Redux. Dont bother with it. Spent 4 hours having an awesome time playing Redux, - laughing at all the idiots who couldn't get it to work properly - when suddenly a fatal error appeared, rendering the game unplayable.Yes, I tried a milion fixes. Many people said the achievements aren't popping, mine worked. However, like a bazillion other people, the game was loading in Swedish (which is incredibly irritating when you're restarting every few minutes to see if you've circumvented or fixed the fatal error). No, updating the .ini didn't help. Just in case you're thinking ""duh, bet you haven't got the patch"", I purchased/downloaded this after all the patches had been released. My computer specs are so far above and beyond whats necessary to play Redux but still it died. Stone cold dead.The only differences I noticed (and I was really keeping an eye out for the differences) were updated graphics in Redux (which is what the dev's said). The changes were really nice, smooth, more 'modern', and suited the theme better, but not that great and different.I recommend not wasting time with Redux, just go straight to the original."
,Recommended,265950,10782537,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ashley,"let me begin with the nutshell version of this review: Ether One will give back to you, threefold, whatever you put into it. if you take your time with this game and immerse yourself entirely in the story, the ending will likely bring you to tears. if not, you have missed out on a wonderful opportunity to have your heartstrings tugged at.Ether One is gorgeous in a thousand different ways, and although it isn't exactly a next-gen game, White Paper Games has managed to bring some incredible ideas into play. some of these worked and some of these did not, but the overall impact of the game is a positive one, bittersweet-ness included.i'll begin with what worked: the graphics had an almost Walking Dead kind of feel to them, and when coupled with the MASTERFUL ambience and audio of the game, the effect was honestly enchanting. i was concerned at first when I saw the ""horror"" tag but, although the game both deals with and alludes to very serious tragedies, it could hardly be called a horror game. when putting enough effort in, your input is rewarded in a way that truly feels satisfying, as more pieces of the story come together whenever you complete a specific task.another aspect of this game i enjoyed (albeit reluctantly, at first) was the kind of real-world puzzle-solving i've only ever experienced in Amnesia (i can't attest to the rarity of it; i only mean to say that i'm newer to exploration games). recreating the life and times of Pinwheel -- even something as simple as putting coffee on someone's desk -- is something i'll have a hard time forgetting, because nearly every puzzle was so meaningful in and of itself.the ""inventory"" system was also one that was a pleasantly odd choice: instead of having a ""bag"" or ""backpack"", the player will be able to physically store items on shelves in a small room you can instantly transport yourself to and from. this, although seeming to be inconvenient at first, really serves as a 'centering' place, and allows the objects you pick up to really and truly seem likeobjects of interestand not just flat tools you equip and never see again. you have the ability to misplace things (if you're stupid, like me), which really does add to the immersion, as odd as that sounds.now, onto the more negative aspects:i may just be inexperienced with these kinds of games, but the puzzles ended up being relatively difficult at times. keep in mind that the core of the game doesn't necessarily involve puzzles as much as the ""projector side quest"" does, but i was dead set on trying to get as many as i could and, therefore, did a number on myself trying to solve a thousand puzzles.my favourite area, the harbor, was followed by my LEAST FAVOURITE EVER area, the industrial area.hear me out when i say i LOVED this game, but i HATED the industrial area. this is probably a highly personal issue, but i got lost ALL THE ♥♥♥♥IN TIME and i ended up getting frustrated to the point where i had to go have a snack to calm down.granted, this frustration made it slightly more worth it in the end, but i think the layout of the area was confusing with no real signs pointing anywhere or telling anyone what to do. although this contributes heavily to therealism-- you must solve puzzles as you would in real life, which is one of this game's shining points -- it ended up being very difficult, at least for me. it was something that held such promise and followed through with a lot of it, but ended up causing a lot of frustration that pulled away from the depth of the immersion -- and the deeper you are, the more annoying it is to have to come up for air.another issue i found was actually a result of this realism: the game does not always react so realistically. moving through water has no effect (no ripples), you cannot just place things down on the floor or on a table -- in fact, if you pick something up and decide to hold onto it, you can only put it down in PLACE of another item you pick up, or on one of the surfaces in your ""home base"", or scattered sparsely across the maps. some items -- we'll say a bottle of beer, for example -- can be picked up, and others are just textures in the background. this is also quite frustrating, because when you feel like everything in the world is so real, it's jarring to be unable to touch something or move somewhere.in spite of these issues, however, Ether One is a gem of an indie game. the story is rich and compelling, unfolding itself deliciously slowly as you learn to love the characters within, the environment feels real, even without next-gen graphics -- i wanted to walk through the forests of Pinwheel more times than i could count, and if i had been able to open the fridges and see some fresh food in there, i would've wanted to live in this world forever. this game took the hours i invested into it and rewarded me with a subtle, sweet, and heart-wrenching conclusion -- it made me cry, and i'm glad it did.an easy 8-8.5/10.if you have some time on your hands, some patience, and a penchant for the enchanting and bittersweet, this is absolutely a game to pick up."
,Recommended,265950,9782144,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,hsmoke,"Ether One is a rather ambitious game that falls under the ever-popular ""walking simulator"" genre. On it's surface, Ether One seems like another stab at an Amnesia game, and whilst it does borrow alot of key features from them, it is something so much more different.I have never quite played a game like Ether One, but it is one I have always dreamed of. A compelling narrative that can be enjoyed without the need of puzzles (but there are tons of optional ones) and a story that just makes you want to keep playing and playing until you reach that ending. Despite the core narrative being rather short, you can get well over 10 hours out of this game.Whilst the game begins off rather tedious, Ether One quickly grabs you in with it's impressive story. Impressive is an understatement. It's been a long time since a game made me think, not just about the game itself, but about the value of human life, and just how fragile a thing like life is.For an Indie title, this deserves the AAA treatment. Buy this. Right now.+ Amazing narrative. One of the best I have experienced in years.+ Puzzles and optional areas are plentiful+ Looks, sounds, and is overall great+ A very ambitious project. I'm glad it managed to produce something so inspiring.- Gameplay will be boring if you don't pay attention.10/10"
,Recommended,265950,29407460,Posted: 21 January,all,Fredashay,"This review for both the original Ether One and the somewhat updated Ether One Redux.  The games are nearly identical with a few subtle improvements in the Redux version.  If you just recently bought the game from Steam, you'll find both games in your library, so you should probably play the Redux version.  If you played the original some time ago, there's no compelling reason to play again with the Redux version.  Unless you have a really keen eye for subtle differences, you won't notice any difference between the two.  I'll mention the differences later on.At its core, Ether One is a puzzle game.  You start out seeming to be a patient in some sort of psychic treatment facility for dementia.  But you soon learn you're actually a staff member, a ""Restorer,"" who uses newfangled technology to enter a visual representation of the patient's brain to reconstruct her memories by solving puzzles to repair old-timey film projectors to play those core memories back.  Future plot twists occur, but there's no compelling reason to spoil them for you in this review.The patient, in this case is Jean who is suffering dementia related to some sort of accident in a mine, but we don't know a whole lot of details yet.These aren't really spoilers because I haven't told you anything yet that you don't learn very early in the game.One of the problems I had at the start, is that the menus start in English the first time you play, then they turn to Swedish (at least I think it's Swedish) on subsequent continues.  In the non-Redux version, I was able to randomly click on Swedish menu words until I got it back to English.  But then it decided to switch back to Swedish at some later time, so I left it.  Except for the menus, it doesn't make any difference inside the game what language you choose.  The Save Game screen is pretty obvious regardless what language it's in, so that shouldn't be a problem for anyone.  Unfortunately, the Redux version starts in English and then witches to Swedish the next time you play.   Even if you stumble upon the slider that selects the language and set it back to English, it stays in Swedish.  The subtitles are also in Swedish, but at least the voices are in English.  This is the only real complaint I have about the game.One thing I like about Ether One is that the harder puzzles are optional.  Yes, if you can't or just don't want to bother solving some of the more difficult puzzles, you can ignore them and continue the story.  You miss some critical story dialog by not solving them, and so may find the ending confusing, but you can proceed to the end of the game without solving them.  I had to give up part way through The Talos Principle and The Turing Test because there was some parkour-like elements involving running past floating bombs and flipping switches quickly and then running across bridges that required fast reflexes; I knew the solution to the puzzles, but I just didn't have fast enough reflexes to do them, so I was never able to finish those two games.  So thank you, Ether One, for letting me skip some puzzles and get on with the game :-)Of course, the downside of this is that the first time I played Ether One, I screwed up a puzzle (one that opened up a lower level of the mine), and had no way to reset it to try again.  Because of that, I skipped over playing an entire level of the game, which I didn't even realize I had done until I finished.I also like that Ether One isn't completely linear.  The major levels take place in sequence, but each level is largely open world and lets you explore freely and solve the puzzles in whatever order you want; kind'a like The Talos Principle.  Except for the very end sequence, once you open a new level, you can go back into prior levels if you want to try solving a puzzle or two that you missed or gave up on earlier.One thing that I thought could have been executed better was the ending.  Without giving any spoilers, I will say that it suffers from the same sort of design that a great many indie games suffer from:  the ending level is largely walk along a linear path under player control, watch a long drawn out cut scene, get control and walk along another linear path, watch another long drawn out cut scene, rinse and repeat, ad nauseum.  The exposition brings closure to the story arc, but isn't good game-play in my opinion.  It's like they got close to to the end of the game, and then rushed it to completion rather than fleshing out how it could have actually been ""played"" to the very end.So despite a couple of minor quibbles, I would say it's very well done and worth playing.  It even has replay value to play again to solve some of the puzzles you may have skipped the first time.  I would highly recommend you play through first without watching any Let's Play videos or breakthroughs; you'll skip and/or miss some puzzles (and maybe entire levels), but that's okay.  Then play a second time with a walk-through to play all the levels and get all the puzzles and collectibles -- there's these little Ogre statues that you can collect, and...What are the actual differences between Ether One and Ether One Redux?  Well, there's one elevator that had a button on the wall; the elevator doesn't work and the button doesn't do anything.  They removed the button on the Redux version.  In the original version, you can only pick up items related to solving a puzzle.  In the Redux version, you can pick up almost any item, regardless whether it's useful to solving a puzzle or total decoration.  The Redux version has more ambient background sounds and sound effects; for example, you flip a switch and you hear machinery starting in the distance, which can be an aid in solving some puzzles."
76561197995416801,Not Recommended,265950,9788070,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,podzorama,"Hands up, I never finished the game and to be honest I'm not likely to.Gameplay in Ether One is frustrating and counter intuitive.I know there is a puzzle to solve because there is a broken projector on the floor, but in order to solve the puzzle I have to first uncover what the puzzle is.To solve a puzzle I may need 1 of many items that I have picked up and deposited on the shelves of my ""Base"" because I can only carry 1 item at a time. But which one goes where? I have to teleport back and forth in the trial and error of finding the right item.I quickly encountered some game breaking bugs with some items not fitting where they should.I found the graphics diassapointing in their blockiness and flat lack of detail, and to top it all I found myself frustratinglly stuck in a toilet stall unable to get out!Other reviewers seem to love the story and gameplay of Ether One, and I am sure I am missing out, but this game is not for me"
,Recommended,265950,25566080,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,JacquesLeSauve,"I don't think I'd be going above my station to call this a mature game, both in its story and the themes it deals with, but also in the very hands-off approach in expecting the player to deal with the puzzles without a litany of hints and signposting. Though I kinda wish it wasn't quite so mature in that part, as a lot of the puzzles pretty much kicked my *ss.Playing as a ""Restorer"", you'll enter the mind of a patient suffering from dementia and attempt to retrieve their memories of the town they grew up in and the people and events that shaped them into the person they are now. Exploring a manifestation of the small town of Pinwheel during the '60s (minus the townsfolk), you'll learn a sweet and tragic tale of how its people tried to live their lives as normal whilst coping with huge losses and trying to stay productive and relevant in a bigger world that's starting to leave them behind. Gameplay comes in two distinct flavours, as there's an exploration side, and a largely optional puzzle side, designed with the intention of providing a balance for players of all skill levels allowing everyone to complete the game as hastily or as thoroughly as they prefer.These lost memories appear as large, red ribbons dotted around various places, eight in each of the four main locations you'll visit. Finding these ribbons is all that seems to be required for actually seeing an ending and finishing the story, but there are also several broken projectors in each area that can be fixed to add further layers to the story. This is done by completing a series of tasks located roughly nearby each projector, which is where the optional puzzle elements come into it, and where the game is either at its most fun or its most nightmarish.The puzzles can range from relatively simple, like finding an item and placing it somewhere, to more fiendish like assembling the digits for a code, the clues for which could be scattered throughout the environment rather than in the immediate area of the puzzle it's needed for. Puzzles wouldn't be so hard were you just looking for a single piece of information among a small pool of only necessary pieces of information that were imparted to you, but what makes this game so tough going is there's SO much information tucked away everywhere and you never know which will be vital and which is merely world-building, as both are presented as one and the same. So, for example, you may wander around an area reading lots of notes and letters that seem like everyday communiques between people about their home lives or their jobs, then later on find a wall chart that needs to be filled in and realise the answer lies in one of these earlier communiques. Now the hunt is on to retrace your steps and try to find the original letter somewhere among the labyrinthine layout of the world.I like the idea of puzzles that are interwoven like this and taking place across whole levels as opposed to the more regular, self-contained types we usually see, but if you're not paying attention or have a bad memory as I do then this will be a huge uphill struggle for you at times. In fact, sometimes it's pretty easy to walk by something repeatedly and not even be aware that it part of a puzzle. I don't know whether this was to try conveying the sense of confusion and bewilderment of dementia sufferers, or if it was just the style and approach they were aiming for, and I feel like one of those definitely informed the other, but either way the result is the same, an incredibly trying array of puzzles that will most likely have you eventually conceding defeat and resorting to a guide to finish the final steps for quite a few of the projectors.The inventory system is kind of odd as well. You have a sort of base of operations called The Case where all your gathered mission information is stored (though sadly not every letter you find, as it would have made it a lot easier as a puzzle reference), this is also the location of four large shelves which can hold 30 items each. You can only carry one item at a time, so if you think you may need an item for later but have to carry something else now, you have to press the T button to teleport to The Case, drop the item on one of the shelves, press T again to return to the same location, then pick up your new item. Thing is, you're never entirely sure what you will or won't need (just as with the information), so you end up being something of a magpie as you pick up every shiny, new object you find to hold onto for later... just in case. And, of course, more often than not the item will serve no useful function and will only be taking up space. I guess it's to add to the overall mystery just as with everything else, but I can see it not being a big hit with some players.I don't think I'd be exaggerating to say this is probably the most demanding game I have ever played, in terms of just how much the player is expected to retain, both as raw data and as physical items, and putting all the pieces together was way beyond me for many instances. But even as much as the game made me feel like a potato-hugging simpleton on more occasions than I'd care to admit, I still really, really enjoyed my time with it. Its pace is entirely at your own discretion, the story - though fragmented and at times confusing - is, by the end, incredibly touching and had me wondering what was going on and what would happen next. This is helped hugely by the outstanding writing and voice acting which honestly embarrasses the efforts of many bigger, more experienced studios. Play time seems to vary wildly among players, some report 10 hours, but depending on how much or how little you want to see and do, and the kind of player you are, it could easily be half or even double that number, such is the nature of the game. But if you're prepared to put in the time and effort, and want a rich story and some challenging puzzles among some beautiful locations, then this one just might be for you."
,Recommended,265950,22082039,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Proxykon,"Ether One is a narrative and explorative puzzle experience. Immerse yourself into the mind of another person and find out about their long-lost past, solve their history and help them overcome a chronic dementia.Design & ArtWhile using the Unreal Engine 3 (Redux Version uses 4),the art style is kept fairly simplistic, while still looking unique and refreshing.Ether One's visual style is comparable to ""The Long Dark"", since both games' textures essentially seem very similar with their cell-shading look. Ether One mostly shines, when you do not take a closer look into its art detail. Nothing really looks odd or bad yet visuals are noteworthy and interesting, because of their unique appearance.Overall, for a game in this genre, which mostly focuses on its storytelling (next to ""MIND: Path to Thalamus""), graphics are okay.ControlsYou can choose to control the game bystandard keyboard & mouse or fully fledged controller support.Ether One delivers tooltips on how to play itself but most of the time, you will use standard first person shooter controls. I cannot rate controller support and key bindings, since I do not own one.Sound and MusicSoundtrack of the game reeled me in: Very emotional and fitting for its genre.My favorite piece played near the start and is called ""Total Relapse"". Although the musical backdrop sounds mostly shallow and eerie, I can hear that it was created with utmost love and care, being a musical creator and lover myself. Absolutely magnificent and gorgeous soundtrack created by Nathaniel-Jorden Apostol! Give this man a medal!That goes for sounds and voiceacting as well. At no time did the game disappoint me by its auditory design and I can remember a great trailer score to be most of my conviction to buy this game.Voiceacting is done nicely, the actors took care in displaying realistic emotions.Some text passages sound odd in their choice of words, yet everything is within the smaller bounds of a well done voicecasting. Awesome!GameplayEther One features a relatively well done level design with multiple areas.You are a ""Restorer"", a person sent into another persons mind to restore specific memories within their mind, that have been lost due to dementia.You can restore said memories by collecting objects within a level. Next to that, there are certain side objectives you can complete (like restoring film projectors, who offer a deeper look into the whole operation and therapy process of the person in whose mind you are currently in).You complete a level by accessing core memories and hereby accessing mysteries of the past. Various and well hidden clues and sometimes baffling puzzles need to be solved to complete these side missions. In reward, you will uncover more about thebackstory.You can always come back to areas you already visited, in case you want to try figuring out that last clue you never got.During your travel through the mind, you will encounter multiple objects of interest, which you can store within your ""case"", a secluded area within the mind of the person, that you can always resort to, to go over crucial hints or review interesting plot details. Everything is tied to one location, so no objects from other locations are needed to solve a puzzle in another area, especially if you use your storage often. Choose wisely!The story is well written, cohesive and emotionally engaging; never did I lose interest or intentionally skipped parts because I knew what was going to happen.But I felt a little disappointed at the ending, maybe that is not because the writing disappointed me, guess I was just sad that the game was over. Feels were felt and need to be felt.WeakpointsNow here is the crux of the matter. As much as I admire the gameplay of Ether One, I also hate it for some of its parts.Solving some puzzles involves running and walking around. A LOT of tedious walking back and forth, since the levels tend to get bigger.Finding crucial objects you left behind on particular locations can be a thorn in your side, even more if only one instance of said object exists. You need to go back the entire way to pick up the object. I do not know if I am too stupid to figure this out, but I thought you can teleport yourself from the ""case"" to any area within the mind, but that does not seem to be the case; It only teleports you to your last location you teleported to the case from. This is enervating and should have been done differently and easier.Gamebreaking bugsstill seem to exist after a batch of patches. At some point, I needed to consult a walkthrough, because I couldn't figure out what to do. I did EXACTLY what the walkthrough told me to do and STILL nothing happened, which led to desperation quickly. This happened MULTIPLE times and was really irritating for me.The achievements for the Redux Version of the game do not work for me at this time.And speaking of theRedux Version: It is a complete port of Ether One into the UnrealEngine 4 (UE4) and nothing more. You get it for free, which is a nice feature I guess, but I cannot see the value of this port.I actually hate the UE4, because most of the games I play which get imported from the UE3 look worse and run worse on my machine than before (the same happening for MIND: Path to Thalamus in my case).In my opinion, most of the puzzles were really tricky and challenging, some really felt absolutely unsolvable for my tastes.Maybe I get frustrated too soon and give up easily, but the some of the bugs I mentioned above really gave me a hard time. Overall, the difficulty of the puzzles is above average and needs some serious wits. A fair warning for everyone.Concluding ThoughtsEther One is a narrative puzzle experience with several explorative aspects.For what its worth, the game takes itself extremely serious to plunge you into an interesting plot and engages your gray matter. A game that revolves entirely around dementia, the changes, daily challenges and emotions that come with it all seem really well executed and realistic, even if some of the puzzles seemed way too hard for me. The game feels mature in its theme and actually seems to be directed to mature audiences. Dealing with loss, in any shape or form, is something we all have to deal with at least one time in our life. And Ether One delivers a beautifully, above-average experience of everything that comes with it."
,Recommended,265950,9952186,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,AshStancill,"Fantastic Game. Touching story and very well built game.The puzzles really take some time to figure out, but you get out what you put in!This game really doesn't hold your hand and it's down to you how you play"
,Recommended,265950,16701043,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Top Nep,"A thoughtful, heartwrenching tale about a patient suffering from dementia, and the tragic events that took place in the seaside community they grew up in. Themes such as loss, love and the beauty of the mundane echo throughout the game, which on a full playthrough took me around 10 hours.Visual and sound design come together beautifully in Ether One. Soft, melancholic tracks complement the watercolour aesthetic, and an attention to detail gives each area a vibrant, lived-in vibe.The gameplay design is pretty intriguing. There are two main pillars. Exploration, and puzzle-solving. Exploration simply involves walking through each location, and finding all ribbons to progress the story. It's not as linear as it sounds though. These levels are sprawling. The environments tell additional stories, some self-contained, but most tied loosely with the main tale. Through scattered notes, diaries, and voice overs you learn about the inhabitants of this small, seaside town; a town that slowly lost its relevance as the decades wore on.The puzzle sections are optional, but make up the bulk of your gameplay time. As you explore, you will stumble upon projectors, which can be restored by interacting with objects and buildings, in a similar vein to classic adventure games. These puzzles vary from stupidly easy, to obtusely hard, which can be problematic if you're aching to 100% the game. I know many people find the puzzles frustrating, however, they really aren't necessary to enjoy the game's story in full. They're really more like collectables. You do the ones you can, and puzzle the rest out later if you want.It was a masterful stroke for the developers to do this. Instead of alienating players of either exploration or adventure games, both could experience the beautiful story while playing the game as either or."
,Not Recommended,265950,10315092,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Luii,"I was kinda let down by this game. Its not all bad, the concept and ideas behind it are really interesting; the physical exploration of a troubbled mind, aided by a Stanley Parable-style voice over.  Though when it comes to exploration and interface it all kinda goes down hill. It seems you spend the majority of your time hoarding useless items such as bottles and spanners in an attempt to 'trigger the subjects memory' - and I find it mind numbingly repetative.After a while the story seems to become quite dry, the characters aren't developed amazingly and I begun to find it hard to care what happens next. Its a shame because the plot has enourmous potential. Maybe I havent given it enough time to develop in the coupple of hours that ive been playing, but I can't bare to carry on.An interesting game, but in my opinion not worth the $14.99."
,Recommended,265950,9702600,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,🅱ii,"Ether One is a pretty decent puzzle game/interactive story, offering a beeline to the very end for those who don't have the patience to finish the real puzzles of the game (filthy scrubs). Those who enjoy puzzle games such as Riven or Schizm, this game is sure to impress. It'll encourage you to explore the detailed enviroments in depth to uncover deeper parts of the plot. The music, area design and voice acting are fantastic and the story is enough to get atleast two playthroughs out of you.The controls are somewhat sluggish however and it'll chew your ram and gpu to pieces. It's probably unreal engines fault more than anything. Ether One also requires a lot of back tracking and sifting through large areas to progress, so clipping on every single clutter object and shin high fence does get annoying. My pinky is tired from holding shift the whole time. As for the difficulty of the puzzles, I can't complain. Some were tougher than others, but the solutions were always surprisingly fair. I suppose going on treasure hunts for smaller items in random seemingly unrelated houses was a let down though.Completionists beware, this game has other problems. Many of the puzzles are currently pretty buggy which is a real shame, considering their difficulty and general time consumption factor. These are very much game breaking ones that'll either reset completed areas or lock you out of them by having a moving object in the wrong place on loading the area. It's a save file related problem, most likely. If these are ever fully patched out, this'll sit as one of the better puzzle games on the market.All in all Ether One is a real good package with a really solid story and world to immerse yourself in. Bugs let it down heavily.6.5/10 It's good. Check it out if you like this sort of thing."
,Not Recommended,265950,24195611,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mr. Vitor,No Support for Windows 10 :(
,Recommended,265950,13781624,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Falconeer,"Ether One looks like a Walking Simulator at first but it's actually more like an evolution of Myst/Riven combined with the new Dear Esther line of games. A meatier Gone Home if you like. While you will spend most of the time exploring a masterfully handpainted British coastal village of the 60s (powered by the latest Unreal Engine) getting sound cues whenever you approach something meaningful, you will have to collect pieces of the various puzzles scattered around and put them together to learn more about the story of this now abandoned village and its long gone inhabitants.While one could maintain that the environment is beautiful and extremely fascinating by itself, and the puzzles easy enough that you feel compelled to complete them even if you are usually not a big fan, it's the story that draws you in. It begins without telling you much, other than you are someone willing to undergo a certain experiment apparently dealing with memory recovery and memory loss. You enter a high tech facility and sit on a weird chair that sends you back to the magnificent Pinwheel Village and its wonderful tangle of intense, dramatic and lovely little stories. As a detective of memories, that you will somehow piece together, you will learn about a slew of minor facts and most importantly what led the village to its downfall, not to mention the most important task you've been sent to solve: who are you.As I mentioned, I don't have the patience for puzzle games anymore, but Ether One got me hooked since the very first minute. The smartest idea White Paper Games came up with is that you DO NOT really have to solve the puzzles if you don't want to. You can advance the main story simply collecting some red ribbons in the each area you visit, but it goes without saying that by doing so you will skip the large amount of content they filled Pinwheel village with. Every house has a story, every office of the mining facility seems to have some memories worth uncovering and every character you find traces of in one part of the little town might have more of his/her personal story revealed later on as the lives of all these people were intertwined with each other, and their sons and daughters, as you would expect from such a tiny community. Thing can get emotionally intense, which is a bonus for me, but never in a suffocating way. For a puzzle game this does a really good job in leaving the players freedom to play it the way they like.Took me about 15 hours to go through all the content I could find only to realize there's a whole extra section I missed that will totally make me replay the game. I feel like I am from Pinwheel too now, and I care about my neighbours or at least the memories of my neighbours, and feel bad for what happened to some of them or happy for the positive outcomes of some others. While I am sure that more expert puzzlers than me can finish the game in about 8 hours, there's much more to see and do than I was expecting from a 7€ title. The visuals are great and so is the level design, and a special mention deserves the audio department which does a wonderful job in giving life in an otherwise empty and abandoned village."
,Not Recommended,265950,13243116,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,McVee,A great example of terrible game design. Which is a shame as the concept had potential.
,Not Recommended,265950,11567493,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Nourishment M.O.T.,"I really want to like this game more than I am able to. It has very good voice acting and the story is interesting, yet there is always something missing from the gameplay. Once the game was booted up, I had to go right to the settings and turn of the annoying motion blur. The lack of detail in the objects you pick up in the game really hurt it since you will spend most of your time trying to put these things in their places.The game when you step back is just one big jigsaw puzzle that at times is fun, yet most of the time ends up being dull. You might end up fighting yourself to not stop playing in order to write down things, so you are able to solve a puzzle and progress with the storyline. At first this was charming, since it ties in with the story and games don't play like this anymore these days. But then I noticed the puzzles really don't go any further than just gathering notes and then using them to fill in the blanks. I found this to end up being boring and was the main reason I would save my progress and start playing something else.This game trys to sell itself on the idea of two play styles, one being without the puzzles, yet if you don't solve puzzles, then the story really is lacking. That brings me to the puzzles themselves, which consist of nothing more than trying to remember or add things up. Most of them are not at all difficult and end up just being a chore in order to keep the story going.The asking price is a bit much without any online or planned DLC. The game also uses an older game engine from time to time looking like it wants to be Bioshock but does not give any good reason to play more than once. I have found on more than one time the letters I picked up scattered around the game had grammar errors. This made it seem as if these were rushed and written without love. You can tell what this game wants to be and it gets so close. For ten dollars I would tell you to get it, yet what they think it is worth is far more than what you'll get for your money."
,Recommended,265950,33410392,Posted: 9 July,all,G3N3RAL ZOD,"What A Puzzle! This Game Frustrate You Hard While Solving Puzzles. Although It's Not Necessary. Because If You Want To Perfect This Game And Want To Experience Puzzle 100% You Need To Explore And Keep In Mind Every Aspect In Game World Bcz Everywhere Clue Can Be Found. Otherwise It's A Very Good Indie Game Specially Music And Voice Actors Were Amazing. Keep In Mind "" Redux "" Version Still Broken, Achievement Broken, Trading Cards Broken So Avoid Redux Version, Play Original Instead. Everything's Is Fine With Normal One.Some Pros And Cons :Pros:1. Good Visuals.2. Hard Core Puzzles.3. Tricky Achievements.4. Great Atmosphere.5. Voice Actors Amazing.6. Gold Soundtrack.Cons:1. Finding Clue A Bit Frustratating.2. Redux Version Broken AF.3. Some Minor Bugs In Normal One.9/10."
76561197989132185,Recommended,265950,23846172,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,pulp-reduced,"Sometimes one should simply meditate on an experience, for sometimes to explicate is to belittle. When a game is shallow in its presentation, in the various mediums that inhabit a game, there should be no such worry. But a game can sometimes transcend what language can delimit and truly calcify itself as something, as a life-experience. Ether One is a game like that. “Life-experience” is an equivocal term, I suppose. It can be thought of in the Husserlian sense of being a lifeworld (lebenswelt), an experience through the faculties of the body, and as such an Umwelt (vaguely translates to “surrounding world”). And can be seen as the insightful nature of a learning experience. Experience in the sense of wisdom, or knowledge. With that being said, Ether One becomes a twofold experience. On the one hand it is fleshed out in its world building, the player inhabits a physical world, a consistently built world. On the other, we, as players, inhabit a conceptual/metaphorical world. We are experiencing a true fact of the world through analogy, and visual representation of a physical dilemma. It in a way elucidates the split between the behavioral experience of intention and the supposedly immanent but silent world of bodily interactions; a world of pure experience.These notions are hinted at in the game, and make for a unique world physically, and likewise a uniquely conceptual experience. A unique insight into one aspect of human possibility, especially human beings as they experience their pathological self.It was with these realizations I found myself in an unusually touching experience. I have come across many games that attempts to deal with heavy topics, but rarely do they reach my humanity, or show any humanity on their own end. Ether One, however, managed express something uniquely human. It almost perfectly delineated the confusion and tragedy of experiencing your own path, perhaps especially the world's path, towards oblivion. I would liken it to a conscious experience of death. Nothing in the world sounds more horrifying. But it is that experience wherein we swirl around as we play Ether One, I believe that is what it – in its core – is trying to put forth.And that is what constitutes the ache; the desperation of wanting to find out more when side-puzzles are offered to you that give you a small appendage that might prolong the inevitable for a moment longer. If only to have an emotional connection to an item, if only for a strip of light against eternal darkness, you fight and you ache to cling onto that something, the something of tangibility; the something of sensual collisions.To explain the fleshed out nature of this game, and its brilliant presentation is not an easy matter. It comes with playing, and feeling the impact of everything, hearing the sounds of each step on the different surfaces, of the fading sounds of memories going in and out with differing correspondence to a spatio-physical node. The point being that it feels like a lived in world, like an inhabitable place simply due to the lushness of sounds and objects. Interconnectivity is vital in this regard. There is an interconnectivity of the world itself, the levels as such, along with an interconnectivity of the puzzles and an over all cohesive narrative. It is by virtue of this threefold cohesion of gameplay, world-building and story and their fantastic interplay that makes the atmosphere of Ether One so personable and conducive to lived-experience, and that is personally what adds to its emotional impact; its closeness and solidifying of subjective-experience as actual in this particular game. At moments you are holistically immersed into this world and its stories; and that statement carries weight that cannot be applied to many games.Moreover, I think the small town setting adds to this homely feeling as well. It's a tight knit community you're reminiscing about, where the economical strife becomes that of everyone's, the family death of the other becomes your own, and so on. There's a strong positive valence in regards to the elements that make up this game. On top of the setting, there is the music that adds to this atmosphere of sentimentality and closeness. The music you play when you interact with the different instruments are jazz-inspired and soft – homely – while the background music is often somber and melancholy, sometimes with a saliently horrifying touch that adds an uneasiness to the experience in the vein of Gone Home. A lot of similarities can be discussed between the two games, but I feel Ether One elevates each aspect of Gone Home in sheer complexity and scope. While Gone Home is confined to ahouse, Ether One sans out over a small town, hence making certain oversight acceptable, such as not as much of a fleshed out interactivity with everyday items and their variance.Personally I much preferred the maturity of this game, its meditation on a truly scary prospect and its ability to visualize this into both narrative and environment. This is a brave game, with one of the most tragic and truthful, thus satisfying, endings I have ever played through that adds to the experience as a whole and what it in each step tries to accomplish. Precisely this makes the game feel thoroughly thought through, and executed according to a proper plan. There are few, if not no, discrepancies or discordant moments, nothing to break immersion or thought-processes that may arise while you're trying to figure out the somewhat circuitous narrative. It's a terribly pleasant experience with a great emphasis on exploration and memory, something that is seemingly simple, but that I imagine would confound most players more often than not (I could easily be wrong in this, ultimately this is a game that transcends its gameplay, rendering that possibility irrelevant).A final thing that solidifies this game as worthy of time and money spent is the writing. Many games that stray into the more emotional side of storytelling tend to be a bit too mawkish or immature in its expression for its own good. The same goes for voice acting, generally. This game avoids both of those possible downfalls, and lands itself somewhere on the scale of fantastic. Both the writing in its vocalized and written form has a wonderful flow and naturalistic feel to it. It's free from clumsiness or cliché, or arbitrarily obscure poetic language without context. It is very effective and clear, while managing to avoid inane simplicity.Ether One deserves manifold appreciation for its accomplishments, for each of its elements and how they come together beautifully to create a thing of genuine human expression. A fact of some uniqueness, both in this genre and industry."
76561197972620007,Recommended,265950,14729451,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Chris,"I love this game.I am a fan of exploration games and puzzle games and this game has all that in spades, however it also has a fantastic story that is subtle, expansive and well told, evocative sound design, detailed art that makes you want to search out every corner of the game as Myst did, professional voice acting which is so often a let-down in games, and an ending that I'll never forget.Thinking back to the start of the game I would never have expected the story to end as it does, and each point on the path is delivered with great skill by the developers. The soundtrack is also worth listening to, aside from the game. It's great value for money - I had nearly 25 hours soaking it all in and I imagine I will play through it again at somet point.Thoroughly recommended!"
76561198022820771,Recommended,265950,14044179,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfsJysPzciYEther One is an adventure walking simulator, puzzle solving game.  Youplay as a restorer going into the mind of a person with dementia.  It does agood job of incorporating you into the game, but also keeping you separate,as you are involved in the story, but not personally tied to it.  As you walkthrough the different atmoshperes, you interact with both your 'handler' and theperson whose mind you are in.The level design is fairly large and multi-layered, with plenty of areasto explore, which ties into the story well.  There's not just a linear path;  ithas weight and atmosphere, which lends to the aesthetic of the environment.  Itfeels like everything you are seeing is new.The puzzles however, which for the most part are optional, tend to bevery repetitive.  It's a lot of memorization as opposed to using your wit andcleverness to solve an issue.  While the levels are vast and the story isentertaining, the repetitiveness of the puzzles takes away from immersion intothe game.If you really enjoy the walking and exploration genres of games, thiscould be a game you would enjoy.  If you are new to this type of game, thenegatives may take away from enjoyment of the game.  It comes down to what typesof games you enjoyThis is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watchif you are looking for a more in-depth review.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here:http:/www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
,Recommended,265950,9839290,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"Ether One is a very different game. On the ""cover"" it is a first person puzzle adventure game. But it is much deeper and darker, where it deals with dementia and its treatment, while delving deeper and deeper in hidden memories.One particularly good aspect of Ether One is its puzzles. Most of them are tricky and difficult, but they make sense as long as you pay attention to details and explore well. There are no ""how the hell was I supposed to know THIS"" puzzles, and if you experience them, it means you missed a clue somewhere.The game looks, sounds, and feels very immersive. Graphic style reminds of Borderlands and is very pretty. Ambient music and authentic sounds for all locations are varying from relaxing to unsettling. The movement of the player feels natural and interaction controls seem clunky only till you learn how to use them.The story is written well. In games like these with unusual themes the story tends to become a mess, and even though there are points of it in Ether One that you have to think over to understand, it's a story that could be a well written novel where you need to use your brain to interpret parts of it in your own way. The game invites to this interpretation, while at the same time remaining logical and clear on the main parts of the story.Keep in mind that there are a few bugs in Ether One, so some puzzles randomly may not be solvable. I am missing a certian part of a smaller story because of this. I hope there will be more patches fixing those.The game is dark and emotional, and probably one of the most ""grown up"" games that exist out there. This was an experience I won't forget (hopefully no pun intended). Strongly recommended to anyone who is into psychology, thrillers, good puzzle solving, and anyone who likes getting immersed into atmosphere-filled environments."
,Recommended,265950,13118438,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,thesoundboy,"all adventure fans! buy this game! It truly is top notch, great story, fantastic voice work, beautiful visuals, controls like a dream. I bought it on a whim cuz it looked cool and it's one time where that really really paid off. Myst meets Gone Home is what Games tm said and while that's kinda a good way to put it, it really is its own unique thing. A true gem!"
,Not Recommended,265950,24380247,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Veldt,"A good story and setting augmeted with good voice acting gives this game a lot of promise, but the item hind-and-seek sort of mechanic for progression, which I assume is an attempt at pushing exploration, just ends up being frustratingly boring.  A common problem in these types of games, but it's especialy noticeable here."
,Recommended,265950,17225320,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,EmP,"You don't need to go into Pinwheel Village’s blacksmith forge and learn how, during the patient’s youth, blacksmithing within the village began to stray from indispensable function to obsolescence. Or how the smith slipped quietly into depression as he watched his chosen trade slowly die. You learn this if you do explore, though, from the narration offered by the doctor as well as from a voice more directly linked to the memories. One approach offers facts and the other insight, talking about how heartbreaking it was to see the smith retreat into himself over the years, despite still being able to produce items of immense beauty that he would sell to try and eke out a living. The tale of the smith is largely irrelevant to Ether One’s plot, but it’s absolutely vital to the world the game attempts to build.Full Review //http://www.honestgamers.com/12626/pc/ether-one/review.html"
76561197970728391,Recommended,265950,25557125,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Old Man 678,"A pretty decent and pretty challenging game. First thing I want to mention is that I seen some reviews of this game where people were saying this game was easier than MYST. Absolutely not true. I played MYST when it first came out and played REALMYST last year, and this game is alot harder. When looking at the achievement rate of completion, none of them are over 20%. They also state that if you can't solve a puzzle, you are missing something right in front of you. Again, not true. So if you are getting this game because of those types of reviews, nix that real quick.Now as for the game, you arrive at the Ether One Institute and you are what are to be what is called a Restorer. You are brought in to go inside of a patient's memories and find their core memories and help them escape their dementia. You are guided by a doctor (whom has a very soothing voice)  as she tries to help you figure things out. As you get deeper in the story, you find out many news truths that reveal more truths. You are going through 5 different areas solving puzzles so you can move on. Trying to solve the projector puzzles are very difficult and you sometimes to have to go all over the level to find your clues.Graphically sound with some nice sound effects add to the ambience of the game.SPOILER ALERT: You do not have to solve the projector puzzles to beat the game which I thought was wierd. Just find the 8 items you must find on all levels and you can get to the last level. Also, 1 level you don't even have to go through. So easy game to beat, unless you want to do the projector puzzles. Challenge is about a 2 out of 10 w/o puzzles, 9/10 with the puzzles.Also, not sure if it still does, but when the game was made for consoles, they also included the updated version (Ether One Redeux) with your purchase. I started by playing this version, but the next day it changed from the English version to one of the other languages. And even though the settings say English, it wouldn't go back, so bummer there.Solid game if you do everything."
,Recommended,265950,21817445,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Bob,"Buying this game gives you two versions, the original and a rebuilt redux version; I played the redux version so all opinions expressed here are based on that version.I bought this game months ago in the sale and by the time I came to play it I had completely forgotten everything about it so I started playing it with absolutely no idea what to expect. This is an excellent way to appreciate the narrative; throughout the game you find notes and audio clips by exploring and solving puzzles which allow you to gradually piece together the story.The levels are quite large and intricate. The visuals are pretty good and the voice acting is excellent.  The exploration part of the game is great and some of the puzzles are great however many of the puzzles are overly obscure. But overall I am still giving this a thumbs up as the story more than makes up for having to look up a walk through for the difficult bits.I did encounter a number of bugs whilst playing. None of them were significant but I am going to list in detail as the developers seem very engaged on the community hub and responsive to feedback.- The game switches to Polish every couple of times I launch the game.- The texture detail reverts back to medium every time I launch the game. This is particularly infuriating as one of the puzzles near the start of the game requiresyou to read a number off the back of a plate but the number is not visible at medium texture detail.- Most of the achievements don't work.- The trading cards only drop when playing the original version not the redux version-The miner's vigil projector wouldn't trigger after lighing the correct number of candles.-The piano won't play for the church projector, This is possibly because I saved my game whilst the tuning animation was running.-After triggering the plaque in Pinwheel village, I was stuck in the room with the red chair by the fire. I had to go back to the cage and travel to a different area and after that I was unable to jump."
76561198006849221,Recommended,265950,21800012,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rjazz2,"Melancholy. This game makes me cry for some reason. Like, manly cry."
,Recommended,265950,14932177,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,N1NJ4_V4MP1R3,"If you can finish the puzzles in this game without the occasional (or frequent) glance at a guide, you should probably stop playing games and start a career in Brain Surgery or Rocket Science.In all seriousness however, Ether One is a fantastic experience. With a captivating story that focuses on something very real and scary, Ether One had me hooked the whole way through. The voice acting and soundtrack played a huge part in the success of the story also, both excellent. Graphically, the game is pleasing with some nice diversity in  locations.While the puzzles seem overly intricate and unintuitive, they are completely optional to progress through the story (bar the first one) and they serve a purpose. Dealing with a topic such as mental illness, it seems as if the puzzles were designed in such a way that you would feel lost trying to figure them out, like a real patient searching for lost memories. Naturally, struggling through puzzles may not appeal to everyone, yet there is a lot to be said for the feeling of solving a puzzle, using an item you obtained hours previous. (Any item you find can be stored in the main hub for later use.)To those interested, there is an excellent community guide by Steam user 'Crinkle' called 'Ether One - Complete Guide'. Instead of simply giving you the solution to the puzzles, this guide provides hints to help you get through them yourself.I encountered a few bugs while playing, but they were mainly graphical and did not hamper my progress in anyway."
,Recommended,265950,10889231,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,wottolin,"This one really flew under the radar for me but I am glad I stummbled upon it.  Its a first person adventure game where you begin in a research facility whos main purpose is to study dementia/phsychological issues in various patients.  You are conscripted and given access to these patients most distressing memories in hopes of curing their psychoses. An omnicient female voice interjects various background info as you work your way through the memories.  This aspect, along with the research facilty reminded me of portal 2, but dont think the entire game is spent within the research facility, to the contrary, most is spent exploring rich environments within the memories of the above mentioned patients.In terms of game play, movement is tradional with the ability to jump, sprint and crouch.  You use a ""crosshair"" dot to interact with various items in the game i.e open doors pick up items etc.  Now concerning inventory, this is where its a bit different than most adventure games i have played.  Typically you have an inventory bar right.  In Ether One you are only able to pick up and hold 1 item at a time.  So how does this work?  Their is a central room within the facility which allows you access to the patients memories.  This is the launching point for every ""memory"" walk.   The room is ringed with shelving which acts as your inventory store.  When in a memory and you pick up something of interest you press ""T"" and it teleports you back to this room where you drop of the item.  At first I was like wtf but it works surprisingly well and really immerses you in the background story as well as keeping your screen free and clear of clutter. Also of note - only when 1 memory walk is completed can you move to the next.  You have no choice in this regards everyone starts with the same one.The environment is beautiful and up to now void of any life expect yourself and the female voice in the sky. Think Myst in terms of serenity and overall feel.  Welcoming but earie at the same time.  The art style within the memories immediately reminded me of orcs must die.  Its more cartoony than realsitc and gritty.  This is neither a positive nor a negative just an observation.I have yet come across a ""true"" puzzle i.e. circuit puzzles, contraptions etc. They seem to be more interactive enviroment type challenges. If you have ever played the pnumbera series, kind of like that.  They are logical but hard enough to be fun and challenging.  The memories are also fairly linear so you are not running back and forth between memories and the facility to hunt for missing clues.All and all I highly recommend this game to any fan of the genre.  Enjoy!"
,Recommended,265950,13729305,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,kayrad,"This game is something else let me tell you. Firstly, it is a very good game and worth the buy. I like to call it an extreme puzzle game. You can solve the main story / smaller puzzles very quickly. However, there are 20 extra puzzles you can try and fail and fail and fail and somehow magically succeed to put together. The puzzles don't really have hints. You just try a bunch of different things and throw it together. But it's new and frustrating and makes me want to rip my hair out while saying ""of course you write on the sheet of paper based on some other paper who may have read, of course.""The difficulty of the puzzles adds so much to the game. You'll learn more about all the characters and even the town. There is notes you can read and collectibles you can find. The voice acting is great, the story is heartwarming at the same time heartbreaking. The graphics are superb, audio is wonderful and the different places are really cool to explore.There are some downsides. For one, the game doesn't have enough music for me. Some will come on a play but that happens mostly when you're playing for the main part and not the side puzzles. Since I spent most of my 12 hrs on those puzzles,  I needed to play music myself because I got bored. Another is the fact that the puzzles aren't thoroughly explained. It does give you a small tutorial but you really have to simply play for long periods of time to even get the gist of the side puzzles.One part of the game I thought I would hate actually turned out a plus for me which is the inventory. You can only carry one object at a time but you can teleport back to a home base and store a ton of items. It became a sort of game. Filling each shelf with the same object I found through out the game. And it was really cool to see how those random objects came into the main story.Yes, I fully recommend it for those who like a challenge and a very pretty game."
,Recommended,265950,9686857,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,c0d3r.4ndy,"Loved it!Not one bit of action or even a sighting of another living being and yet I was fully hooked in for the entire 10+ hours I spent in the lovingly crafted world. There are a couple of rough edges and slightly odd bits of UV mapping but by in large the game world is quite beautiful.As someone else has mentioned, you could almost certainly rush your way through the game in a couple of hours, but you would be completely missing the point if you did. I never felt the inclination to rush through any part of it as the entire experience was packed out with extra details of both the main story as well as other sub-stories that you can piece together. The desire to know every possible part of these stories mean there was no way I was going to skip any of the puzzles which, other than 1 or 2 towards the end, were some of the best in an adventure game for quite some time and at times genuinely made you feel fairly smart for solving them.As a side note, the ability to use the Oculus Rift was rather nice and this is exactly the kind of experience which I was hoping would become available for it. However, it isn't really possible to fully enjoy the game that way as there are too many pieces of text that are either uncomfortable or impossible to read using the Rift.Overall, a definite recommendation from me.Addition:Just have to add that the voice acting is pretty consistently strong and I think is one of the reasons the game is so immersive."
76561197970369393,Recommended,265950,9746690,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Ænima,"Fantastic game, it's a  bit weird at first but does not take long to get into. I made the mistake of leaving some of the puzzles at first and finished the main story but still was able to go back to them which is great. Totally logical and then lateral  a real brain teaser i loved it....more please."
76561198014324779,Recommended,265950,9814972,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Dr. Allcome,"A briliant game if it weren't for the bugs. Often you will be wondering if you ran into another bug or if you just missed something to solve the puzzle. This is extremely frustrating and kills immersion. Especially if you have to read spoilers just to find out that you did _not_ run into a bug and you could have solved the puzzle if you'd just continued looking.Still, if you are into puzzle games, you should really get this one. However, give the devs some more time to iron out all the issues the game still has."
76561197971276058,Not Recommended,265950,19334146,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,debe.sys,"Well, just to give you the context, I'm crazy about first person narrative driven non-violent puzzle games. My Top 5 all time includes Talos Principle, Mind: Path to Thalamus, Vanishing of Ethan Carter, Portal 2, and, say, Naissancee. But this game is not up there, imho.For me, it started out very well. I managed to solve riddles one by one using no walkthroughs. It felt natural and empowering. However, it got tougher. Much, much tougher. And I didn't want to go through without solving puzzles - which is an option in this game - because when you do, the game starts resembling Dear Esther, which I didn't like at all... But the main problem was the lack of motivation to press forward (i.e. to look for walkthroughs) to see what happens next. Maybe that's because I have no relatives with dementia, or maybe because I myself have it, I don't know ;)Anyways, there were also graphics. Not impressive, imho. And incredibly slow. In the age of Ethan Carter, technical implementation like that does not deserve more than 5/10. And now it's redux (I played the original), so probably even slower (did not try).That's more or less it. I agree with one of the reviewers that a somewhat simmilar Master Reboot is more engaging, even though the graphics there are actually even worse than in this game. Sure, if the price suits you, try it. Many people loved it, so maybe you will too.p.s. I've played this game at least a few times longer than my Steam record suggests. This counter used to be seriously broken in the past, maybe still is."
,Recommended,265950,12274976,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,AdamaBanana,"Considering it cover rather delicate themes of memory and illness, The emotive story, the soundtrack and atmosphere of the whole scenery are set just right in this game. The story as a whole can be set your desired pace, and can still teach you a good deal about the the happiness and sadness of the character it revolves around.All very well thought out with care, I definitely recommend having a look at this, even as just a general insight."
76561198007764261,Recommended,265950,9672529,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,UrbanBuddha☯☮,"This game Is awesome, immersive gameplay, intriguing story, give this game all of your money."
76561197997962810,Recommended,265950,25821811,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,James & the Giant Forehead,"For the most part, I really enjoyed this game. I found many of the puzzles to be challenging and unique, loved the style, and thought that the story was intriguing. Personally, You come across many clues & hints that you don't necessarilly need right away, so I recommend using pen & paper. Also, the way in which you store items is original!I had one big issues with this game. I purchased the original & the redux versions. I assumed that the redux version would be best so I began my game with that. I got probably about 3/4 of the way through the game (in the redux) and came across a glitch w/ a coffee machine. Due to this glitch, I can't continue on without restarting because I don't have a save file that can help me, which sucks. I really wanted to finish this game, but for the time being I'm not restarting.tl;dr: Use normal version and NOT the redux version. I have read numerous places that the normal version is less buggy/glitchy."
76561197996930611,Recommended,265950,25712153,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,tucsonway,"Hello, I downloaded Ether One a few days ago. Great fun! I am running Windows 10 Professional, works flawlessly."
,Recommended,265950,9665482,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Noob Noob,"Fantastic game, great to get lost in."
,Not Recommended,265950,27585218,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Andi,"I reviewed Ether One about a year ago and I gave it a thumbs down, but then I deleted it (I can't remember why). It wasn't until recently, I thought I'd try it again. I had forgotten how much I hated this game. There's not much good in Ether One. It's essentially a walking simulator without the fun.Pros:Voice acting is descentCons:The developers have abandoned this gameGraphics are substandard (looks like a cartoon)The puzzles solutions make no sense at allnot well optimizedSome of the puzzles are bugged (Redux)9 out of the 12 of the achievements are bugged and will not unlock (Redux)The developers have abandoned this gameMost of the puzzles are moronically random and insanely hard, especially the ones where you fix the projectors. Seriously, how does banging on a pipe fix a projector that's half way across the map? And that's just part of the solution to one projector. There's 20 projectors in all, each solution being more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than it's predecessor.The puzzles that do make sense (and they are far and few between) have very few clues as what to do and are so difficult, you'll not be able to solve them without help. BUT, you do have the option to completely ignore them and find the ribbons if you want to finish this piece of crap.If that wasn't enough, (in the Redux version) there are 12 achievements in all, and of those 12, only 3 work. All of the others are broken. The developers half heartily tried to fix a couple of them but then gave up and left us with this broken mess. Thanks for that.At the time of this review, Ether One was selling for $19.99.  An absolute waste of money if you ask me, avoid it at all costs because this game plain sucks."
76561197979006978,Not Recommended,265950,19883719,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,damdr523,This is a so-so game... rather boring and the clues are quite nebulous... always have to go to an online walkthrough to find out exactly how to solve some of the puzzles.  I'd give this a 4 out of 10.
,Recommended,265950,14475712,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"A first person old school adventure game about Dementia. It's very frustrating but also rewarding, all the puzzles are optional and I completed half."
,Recommended,265950,9636404,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Chimp,"I've started playing this game, haven't gotten too far yet but really enjoying it.  As someone who doesn't usually enjoy exploring in games, this one is an exception, I've found myself enjoying the exploration side of the game and checking every corner.  From what I can see so far the game is full of puzzles and mysteries and it's your job to work things out.The sound is really nice in the game, I found it quite immersive walking around in different locations and the art style is really really nice, I love how from a distance things look pretty realistic, but up close it's as though everything is drawn and painted onto the world, it really seems to fit the game and is an excellent design decision.I've started a playthrough on YouTube if anyone would like to watch my first impressions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vE1cPqOVG_0I recommend this for anyone who enjoys unique experiences and puzzles."
,Recommended,265950,27792771,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Taevari,"If you are a sucker for thought provoking walking simulators, then this is worth a try. However, I will suggest waiting until it is on sale.Good voice acting, optional but still tricky puzzles, and a heartstrings pulling story about the effects of dementia.On sale; 9/10Otherwise: 5/10A low price helps that much."
76561198035503334,Recommended,265950,17376496,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Elovan,"An underknown gem, this game is a beautiful combination of clever mind-bending puzzles and deep, thought-provoking narrative that, at it's conclusion had me in tears of both joy and sadness.An exploration/puzzle game that heavily relies on ""dream-logic"", most of the puzzles are actually completely optional. The game simply sets you down in the world and lets you discover what you want to at your own pace. Each puzzle gives you small tidbits about the town and its inhabitants, allowing you to become as invested in the game as you want to be.While definitly not a game for everybody, I highly recommend giving this game a try."
,Recommended,265950,11539378,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Troglodyte Jesus,"This game left me speechless. The ambience, the music and narration all fit perfectly in this game. The story however, is the best one i have seen in a game. you always felt that you needed to continue and push on, because the action and tension kept growing. And the massive twist at the end, it cannot be described. Although a ""short"" game, (if you make it so, like i did) it felt incredibly rewarding.This is a definition of a 10/10"
,Recommended,265950,11404229,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Myrhial,"The story of this game is excellent. The puzzles not so much. I had to look for hints more than I'd care to because some were just so vague. Feel the game could overall explained itself better, that would have helped clear up some confusion. So in the end it depends on if you like this type of point-and-click game. I feel the merits outweight the flaws, but regretfully only by a small margin."
,Recommended,265950,11492280,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,VGRider,"As a lover of riddles and puzzles this game amazed me in so many ways!Beautiful visuals, many and i mean MANY puzzles to solve (Sometimes a bit hard i must say) and a truly deep yet beautiful plot!!It also has a strong Myst vibe to it!If you like solving puzzles, beautiful visuals and a really  good story then this is a game for you!9/10"
,Recommended,265950,9639574,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,stylerwat,It's all in the mind...
,Recommended,265950,17525373,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,nbc5218,"Did you like Myst? Or Journey? If so, you'll love this game. You explore, you look around, you solve puzzles. It's meditative & beautiful. Nothing is spoon-fed to you. You discover the story by understanding the environment. If you pay close enough attention to figure it out, you'll find it's a sad, poignant, beautiful, melancholic story about loss and decay and redemption. While the simple game mechanics, sedate pace and subtle story exposition may frustrate some gamers, I found it engaging and very moving."
76561197968619034,Recommended,265950,9640582,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Shabamalam,If you are looking for full Oculus Rift support as was promised by the developers pre-release... keep looking. Pretty much a disaster on the Rift with its current implementation.
76561197996207054,Not Recommended,265950,28803398,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Anon8792,"The game is trying to do something, but doesn't do it very well as many others have already done it before and better. I played for about an hour before I noticed it and took a guess at the what the ending would be. A few hours later since the game was very dry and slow with some puzzles only being hard because of silly reasons, I'm looking at the bar on this one, I told myself if I looked up the ending and if it was what I thought it was I'd stop playing. I stopped playing."
76561197989129610,Not Recommended,265950,9777986,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Megabyte [RSSD],"I wish I could be more kind to this game. It’s absolutely clear the developers who made it had passion for the project, but, I just can’t. This game is actually the perfect example of choosing the wrong medium. If this were a short story I had read, it would have been amazing, but as an interactive medium, it just fails due to lack of interaction that has any meaning to the central game. I would just avoid it if I were you.For my full review, go tohttp://redsectorshutdown.blogspot.com/2014/04/ether-one-pc-review.html"
,Recommended,265950,21309729,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Jenni,"Game is worth checking out if it's on sale.It's essentially a walking simulator where you're slowly unraveling the story line as you pick up and make sense of memory fragments. The mystery of what you're doing is revealed later in the game and makes it all the more interesting if you happen to replay it. Suddenly things you overlooked towards the beginning make sense. The puzzles aren't all too difficult and can be fun to figure out, although the hardest puzzles simply reward you with more character development so it may not be worth it if you are not as invested into the characters as I was.This game is something that appeals much more to storytelling than gameplay. It reminds me of playing through To The Moon. As it can get slow at times, I only recommend it to other people who are able to push through drab gameplay in order to complete the storyline. The story was touching enough to make it very worth it in the end."
,Recommended,265950,9629969,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,kangkong66,Only played for a little bit but it is an amazing game that should definetley be played!
,Not Recommended,265950,13843601,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,BlvdNights,"I'm really on the fence about this game. I wanted to like this game, but after finally completing it, I had a hard time finding that one thing to make me feel like I was connecting with some character in the world. It lacks the writing and the heart that other games similar to this like Gone Home or Dear Esther (hell, even the wacky heart of Jazzpunk) have. It seemed more interested in telling the story of the world rather than of the people who live in it."
,Recommended,265950,20462456,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Seasonsgray,I like how the story goes in this game :). The surroundings are great as well with u teleporting back to base and back where u left off. You can also take stuff for clues.
,Recommended,265950,14768703,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,VitriolBlue,"The game in two words: enchantingly maudlin.This is one of the best games that I have played on Steam.  So cheap it's a steal.  It tugged at my heart strings in all of the right places and it left me longing for more.  It was relaxing, emotional, unique, and memorable."
76561198158050683,Not Recommended,265950,18436299,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,CrazyBarmaley,"VR support advertised. Currently on DK1 supported, but DK2  promised by developers on Jan of 2015. It's october and still no DK2 support? Disappointing"
,Not Recommended,265950,17576116,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Barohen@ home,"Dont bother, starts off very interesting, your part of a experiment that can delve into peoples memories and aid an illness or death before it happens, collecting memory fragments simalier to ""to the moon"", but then the game begins to feel like a mod as your thrown into directionless areas that demand far too much of the players time, i hate havving my hand held but this is virtually the same as someone dropping you off in a car in a town youve never been to and saying ""there is some stuff round here, go over there, and do that"", and its not even astho cool things happen along the way, you WILL feel part of somebodys inexperienced mod believe me. way more of a chore to play than actual fun, TRUST me do NOT BOTHER."
,Recommended,265950,9773976,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Soliloqui,"Amazing.Puzzle adventure with hard but very satisfying, totally optional, puzzles. Everything needed to solve them is somewhere for you to find and use to piece together fragments of the gripping storyline. By making the puzzles optional it outright dares your inner completionist to use your natural curiosity and intellect to explore further, to write things down, and to hoard everything that might be important!I've not played a game this involving in a long time, and there are a lot of rightful favourable comparisons to Myst. Last night my brain actually tried to solve the mysteries and puzzles of Ether One in my dreams. I can't get it out of my head.I'm thoroughly enjoying it so far despite being totally stuck for the third or fourth time, but I will solve all the puzzles damn it! I will!"
,Recommended,265950,27573285,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tozy,"I really liked it. Made me cry.Also some cool puzzles!Then there is an extra part for the hardcore players, I made it with a Gide. What I found at the end made me cry more."
76561197983082568,Recommended,265950,12676771,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Blue64,"8/10 First Person Puzzler.Hard. Walkthrough Hard for at least the first 50%... but If I had known I still would have purchased it....It is very easy to mess up a puzzle by carrying an essential item from one part of the map to another.... beware. These maps are too big for the players own good.... and this hurts the game.Also this suffers from the problem of ""Guess what I am thinking....""Steam should allow me to rate a game out of ten.... like metacritic.... And keep the thumbs up/down option...."
,Not Recommended,265950,22746992,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,"It's not really my thing. The puzzles are kind of counter-intuitive, and the story is predictable at best. I respect it's originality. And in spite of all that, it has beautiful art-direction."
76561198031765203,Not Recommended,265950,23853953,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SleepThieff,"Ether One is probably the most subjective game I have ever played due to its story and game design choices. I would recommend taking each review with a grain of salt (like most reviews) and make the choice for yourself.I've reviewed a lot of games and I generally have a clear vision of whether or not I would recommend them - but none have baffled me as much as Ether One. What's odd about Ether One is that it's obvious that a lot of love and devotion went into its craft. But while the love is clearly there, the execution (at least for me) is not.Criticisms:Ether One is completely story driven and you have the option to play the game in one of two ways:1) Simply walk through each area, find the main points of interest, and move on with the story - or2) Solve side puzzles which give more insight and provide additional context to the world and plotTo give the puzzles more context - the puzzles, for the most part, are not obvious and tend to be obscure. Some puzzles cannot be solved immediately and you must wait until you find another area or more information in later parts of the game and then return to finish the puzzle. Overall, the puzzles are NOT easy and sometimes don't make a whole lot of sense.And herein lies the problem. I know stories are subjective to each individual, but I personally did not find the main story interesting - or at minimum, I did not find it engaging - which leads into the next section.Remember, the puzzles are optional - you do not have to complete a single puzzle to finish this game (minus 1 puzzle in the opening act). Since I was not forced to complete any puzzles I felt less invested in the story. I would argue that completing puzzles gets the player more invested and engaged. Allowing the player to simply bypass the puzzles does not create an interactive experience. If the player isn't engaged, then it's possible the player may find the story less engaging as well.If I wanted to discover more about the plot, I could go out and complete some of the side puzzles in order to learn more. But that's the problem. If the main story doesn't draw you in, then why would you go out and solve side puzzles? You simply wouldn't. I would have enjoyed Ether One more if the puzzles were woven into the gameplay (like in the very first area you are forced to solve a few puzzles - why wasn't that continued at least a few more times?)Verdict:I think Ether One can be an emotionally rewarding game. Solving the difficult puzzles and learning more about the characters and their past is definitely a solid feeling.Like I said in the beginning - it's obvious the developers put a lot of craft and love into Ether One. There are many reviews saying just how well thought out and beautiful Ether One's story is. I personally couldn't get into the story and therefore I had no interest in solving the puzzles. I wish the puzzles were more integrated rather than being completely optional.  For this reason, while Ether One is certainly a well written and thought out game, the execution just seems awkward - and for that reason I can't recommend it.Without doing the puzzles Ether One is rather short - about 3-4 hours to complete. Obviously if you are completing the puzzles the hours will vary beyond that."
,Recommended,265950,9789145,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,meathelix,"Excellent game about exploration and memory. There are puzzles to be had if you're into it, with the reward of deeper exposition and a more fleshed out world. If not, you can still work your way through the narrative by exploring memories and finding certain emotional touchstones. The gameplay of physically piecing things together and reconstructing memories is highly resonant and works very well."
,Recommended,265950,9702473,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Rick,"Ether One is a first-person, story-focused, no-combat exploration game.  Gameplay includes walking around in four different areas, reading things, finding specific objects to progress the story, and completing optional puzzles that reward you with more bits of story.Though not a horror game, many parts of Ether One are unnerving, perhaps unintentionally.I felt that many of the puzzles were arbitrary and I was not motivated to complete many of them during the game.  However, after beating the game, I found that the story was good enough to tempt me to go back and complete those puzzles to uncover more of the story.The game's audio and music is minimalistic and sets the mood well.  The game's graphics appear to be cel-shaded, and although I was initially disappointed by the graphics, I got used to them and they hold up well.  Because of the game's descriptive subtitles, it can be fully enjoyed by the deaf.Although the game's writing is good, there is a bizarre amount of repeated grammatical errors that turned me off at times.I beat the game in 4 hours, but I skipped most of the puzzles.  Virtually all of the puzzles in the game can be skipped.I recommend this game to anyone with patience, as I initially found the game boring and the story too vague to appreciate, but the ending (which I liked) makes me want to replay the game now that I have a better understanding of what it's all about.I do not recommend this game to those who are not willing to read or to immerse themselves in the game.  This is a game that should be played with headphones on, lights off, and in a relaxed state."
76561198088188117,Not Recommended,265950,12447680,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Lone Shadow,"A bit disappointed in that in just over 4 hours I had completed the game.  All it seemed to be was search for the ribbons in each level!I never got the idea what the projectors were meant to do and the collection of stuff was generally all but pointless.  A few times you needed to unlock certain pathways but in general most of the time was wondering around looking for ribbons, and solving simple puzzles.The graphics are not overwhelming but okay as such.  Player control seemed a little clunky.It got a little tedious sometimes running around endlessly in numerous circles and some items just seemed wierd.I think if the various stories actually linked more with the gameplay it might have been better as it often seemed that their was 2 or three story lines and yet none of them seemed to matter that much.It might be better if played slowly and methodically finding every tid bit of the story, but as stated it gets a little monotonous whene wandering aimlessly from building to building with no real idea of what path your meant to follow.The ending was a little surprising but that was the highlight of the game."
,Not Recommended,265950,17339205,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,wizardovoz,"Weird inventory system, dated graphics, takes too much of running around to progress, gets boring soon.I couldn't force myself to play long enogh for it to become engaging (and I tried)"
,Not Recommended,265950,13634476,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,rmz,"I so wanted to like this games. I tend to love the so called walking simulators, games where you can enjoy the story while solving some puzzles among the way. Ether One seemed like a perfect game, interesting, good looking and engaging. Unfortunately it is also surprisingly boring and slow paced, even for a walking simulator. The puzzles can be well thought out or just infuriating, the kind that makes you click random items on other random items in the hope that something finally will work. I tried to like this game, really, but I think I'm giving up after just 2hrs, there are more interesting games out there."
,Not Recommended,265950,14932352,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"At first it was interesting, then it quickly got boring and it was boring till the very end. The puzzles are frustrating and the story is too dull and vague to stay in the game's world to solve them all. The graphics are nice. That's all what is nice about this game."
,Recommended,265950,12313319,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,James .mars ☢,The Feels
,Recommended,265950,20250035,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GRRRR,"Its been compared to Myst - suppose thats not far off. You wander around solving puzzles based on either environmental patterns and clues or basic written hints.The twist is that theres no inventory (you can only hold one item) and ""key"" items arent as easily recognizable. This mug saying ""Worlds biggest Dumbass"" might just be junk - or a hint for a puzzle or directly usable for something. So you might decide to keep it for later and teleport to your hub and store it on a shelf. Then later when you find a paper saying ""Worlds biggest ???"" you teleport back to your hub, look at the mug and solve the puzzle.If youre worried about aimlessly wandering around not knowing what the eff to do, the basic story path is very easy and amounts to finding things. Actual puzzlesolving is all optional and id say only 1/4 of it falls into the outlandish ""snort two lines then it makes sense"" category these games are always kinda endagered by.Whats it all for? Lets say to remember...BEWARE : You might ask why this review is not for the Redux version. Thats because while Redux is very pretty and a clear graphical update it also was very broken and glitchy for me. Stuff like activated levers with their related effects and such resetting on a map transfer.  Environmental effects like moving machinery and even audio missing when compared to ""old"" ether one or working once then breaking. Interactable stuff plain breaking and locking me out of progression (optional maybe but still). 5 hours in my hub teleport stopped working, couldnt retrieve/store items anymore nor access story progression stuff. Wasnt scripted, wasnt fixable so that was game over, fun fun.After i was done being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i tried the old version on a hunch and it had none of these problems. Obviously several scripts didnt survive the engine conversion.TL;DR : Ether One Vanilla : Polished, fun, recommended. Ether One Redux : Pretty, might♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed in varying degrees of severity so play at your own risk."
,Recommended,265950,14147063,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,AWSHOM,"A very emotional game, gave me chills in many moments, the only ""negative"" side is the puzzles, they're very complex and unclear, sometimes very difficult to understand. Luckily it is possible to finish the game without solving them."
76561198027851997,Recommended,265950,14089929,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,wing43215,"I really enjoyed this game. It is a very fun yet diffuclt puzzle game. Yes, you have to search every room and read every note - but that is what makes it awesome. The story makes this a fun task. I don't belive that it was hard to follow like other reviewers, it was simple enough if you put the time into reading all the notes and solving all the puzzles. The ending got me right in the feels."
,Recommended,265950,14302804,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Thorens666,"One of the best puzzle exploration games I have played in the last few years. The puzzles are challenging, the locations are wonderful, the story is perfect. I loved this game to bits. Even the replay value is there, since you can finish the game once, or finish it in a whole other way..."
76561198112471721,Recommended,265950,14338249,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,EveRayne,"Thoroughly enjoyed playing this game, wonderful story, puzzles are a tad difficult but its rewarding in the end. Wish more games like this existed - great balance or story, curiosity and interaction/ exploration."
,Recommended,265950,9885940,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,wolfheel,Great game!! But in the devlin mine my game keeps going all crazy!
,Not Recommended,265950,19049585,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,StrongCrayon,Ether One simply wasn't any fun to play.
,Not Recommended,265950,16603666,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,elviscera,"I've played this game for a few hours.  While it supposedly is a game based on dementia, I'd call it a exploration game with a story line mostly revealed by solving puzzles.  The puzzles are largely solved by finding objects/clues that enable certain actions to be taken.  When the requisite action for the puzzle have been taken the puzzle is considered solved.  It can be tedious.First off, the installation went a little oddly, I had to restart the game before it ran smoothly.  I didn't have any further issues with the performance but others have reported issues.The game play seems fairly open in that you can find the objects and solve the puzzles out of order within a given level.  There are some bugs (or possibly arcane order requirements) that cause one to have to repeat the actions required to solve many of the puzzles.  I find this annoying even if one chgaritably assumes this is intended to simulate the confusion of dementia.So far there is no tricky jumping such as in Talos for example (i.e. easy navigation).  In fact, the player motions are very hobbled even in areas where a player ought to be able to easily jump (ala HalfLife).  Restrained motions degrade the exploration aspects to that of poking around in persons underwear drawers (yes, really).  Also the many of the bathrooms doors can't be shut when you enter them (that's quite a flaw).The game is built on the Unreal Development Kit (UDK).  Graphically, the game itself is rendered more like a comic book than like a typical 3D (not saying that's bad but it is not using much of the UDK capabilities).  The game supports Nvidia 3D vision well if you like that sort of thing in a comic book rendering scheme.The audio is overall quite reasonable but the controls for audio are minimal.  Also the keyboard controls options are limited (a reflection of what is needed in the game).  I didn't try it with game controller as yet (in this game it might be preferable to a keyboard/mouse).   The walking pace is rather slow (even if you run).  The action controls are a bit awkward and do not repond uniformly across the game.I'm torn in my opinion of this game -- while It certainly has a few interesting puzzles, it's no Talos or Portal.  The clues it provides are rather peculiar/obtuse and some clues IMO are non-sequiturs.  The voice acting is adequate.  I sometimes find the game play compelling but more often it feels tedious.  I can't honeslty rate it a thumbs up even though I like the game enough to have played it for several hours.  I suggest that you first read the helpful negative reviews and if you still want to try this game, wait till it's on sale."
76561198120193600,Not Recommended,265950,20441410,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Francis Pritchard,"If you want to know a story quick and clear, Ether One would definitely not do that.Pros:The story is touching but requires quite a bit of brain workThe environment it beautifulGreat sound work and nice voice actingSounds good from here. However, the pacing is so slow that I can't sit thorgh two hours a day. The whole game is pretty much a walking simulator with somewhat ""spooky"" music. I understand that storytelling is supposed to be subtle here but I wouldn't want to buy a game where I sit at the computer doing chores that I would be doing in real life. Even the puzzle solving are considered doing ""everday activities"" or basic interactions with objects. I am still salty about the text puzzles because how would I know it was a part of a puzzle in the first place.Also, since the colors in game are pretty much focused on browns and blues, I got so lost easily. But coming from someone who hates slow paced walking simulators, this game to me was a pain to complete."
,Recommended,265950,23315170,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,🍍 amarinediary,"""Brain lags -- @amarinediary""A well paced puzzle game, in a superb fantastic world, with a great voice acting !The graphics style is what's making this game beautiful !"
76561198006846426,Recommended,265950,26650097,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,LazerDot,Spent 4 hours looking for a hammer11/10
,Recommended,265950,10538609,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,soGreeeN,Nice graphic !!I experienced dizziness while playing but as long as I love mystery. I'll keep playing!! hehehe
,Not Recommended,265950,24018025,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bigosaur,"Could not get past the tutorial level. Place the item... what item? The game runs as slow as hell, even on minimum settings. I don't mind the spent money to buy it but I've got much better use of my time than wasting it on this game. So much better games waiting for me."
76561198066039363,Recommended,265950,12531234,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,WinterMute789,loved it. great story
76561197999470590,Not Recommended,265950,25418611,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Rolepole,"As a gameplayer I like to think that games are a more constructive occupation than watching videos but this is an example where it's not true. The game is all about dementia, a worthy subject to learn about. We may be super clever today but the time will come when our cognitive faculties go the same way as our ability to play football and rugby. Unfortunately the game doesn't offer any insight into memory loss. I recently watched the film Still Alice and was struck by how much more interesting its treatment of the subject was. If you are interested google ""join dementia research"", sign up and contribute your stats to this worthy crowd-sourced research project.As for the game itself, I found the gameplay simplistic and it feels like an adventure game from the 1990s. Havnig been persuaded by all the positive reviews, I felt more than a bit disappointed."
,Not Recommended,265950,24207852,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ed Bones,"I wish the game would let me play it, but it told me I wasnt allowed."
,Not Recommended,265950,20565868,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,[UFT] ziipzaaapM16A4,the storry is probably pretty cool but i get borred after the first hour.sorry. nothing for me.the gemae mechanics are ok. i mean the basics are working and the game is not crashing.Graphics: not ervery game must have a BF3 graphics. they are aswell ok.i think the storry is not going fast enaught exciting.
76561198025798569,Not Recommended,265950,22482773,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,atlantike,"I had toplay a few minutes on Ether One because after playing more than 12h on Ether One Redux I wasn't able to write any comment...That said...and after all the time played on this game I just have one recommandation: DO NO BUY IT!I a very nice game, with cute designs and an interesting (yet complicated) story but...there is tooo much glitchs to play it correctly. After a while it become so frustrating being unable to move on and open the different places, just because it isn't working the way it should. And of course no answer from the staff about that."
,Recommended,265950,23410299,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,InverseTundra,Personally. i actually dont like the game. i want to. i really want too. i lost my grandfather to dementia and i really wanted to enjoy this persay. but it just lost me time and time again. ive tried dedicating myself to it but it loses me immediately. there is nothing there but at times insanely hard puzzles that require more backtracking and running then a marathon. the game has a nice style and is enjoyable (kinda) but not enough to keep me entertained or wanting to continue in the least. :/
76561198042913113,Not Recommended,265950,17741231,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,caidicus,"Being a Rift owner, any game that lists ""VR Support"" in its features, then removes the feature, gets a downvote from me."
76561198167887616,Not Recommended,265950,33023444,Posted: 29 June,all,Insoli,"I can't believe I spent hours trying to finish stage 2, only to find out that what I was doing was essentially side quests and a waste of my time. It's not even worth the five dollars I spent on it for the steam sale. What a pain!"
,Not Recommended,265950,9657265,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,vampraist,Bought specifically as it states VR support - which I am afraid it does not do. This tag should be removed until such a point that it is able to identify an attached HMD
,Recommended,265950,9768026,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,waycooler,"It's a good game. Just be prepared for the fact that you move slower than a snail in molasses and you won't be able to finish the majority of the puzzles without help. Much like Myst, come to think of it."
,Recommended,265950,9698905,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,CUDGEdaveUK,"What a superbly written adventure,fantastic voice acting,great story and superb cell shaded graphics.Brilliant game!"
,Recommended,265950,9690621,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Roach,Great value for casual gaming experience.
76561197997529197,Recommended,265950,9747659,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Giorgio_Freemac,Very interesting and quality game!!
,Recommended,265950,9748387,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Malheiros,This game is Half-Life of adventure/puzzle games.
,Recommended,265950,9749173,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Onionike,Kinda short but very very good story!
,Recommended,265950,11122710,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Them,"I’ve been meaning to write a review when I finished basically since I started, because it’s a relatively unknown indie game but with an interesting gameplay dynamic, and the art is beautiful.It’s definitely in the realm of puzzle games - it could be described as a “walking simulator” depending on how you play, because the puzzles are technically optional, but for me they were the crux of the game’s appeal, and they very much tie into the plot.My first impression of the game was pretty mixed. The plot is compelling and draws the reader in right away, and I loved how the tutorial was integrated with the game more or less seamlessly (I hate long tutorials and prefer to trial-and-error it, so I liked that the game didn’t really interrupt that process).The control scheme of it is very simple - mainly WASD and mouse, with no complex inventory system or anything like that. I thought the game’s use of the “hub”, a location to which the player can warp at any time resembling a house, working as both an information storing system and an inventory, was efficient and innovative, although I still found myself covering the back of an envelope with codes and notes from the game that weren’t stored in the hub.The plot, too, was well-crafted. Without giving too many spoilers, it’s an exploration of the memories of Jean, a dementia patient, by the player, who serves as a “restorer” working from the inside to restore said memories - it ends on a very satisfying twist that's hinted at throughout the game. (I was in tears when the credits rolled.) The game has a very eerie feel to it. The landscapes inside Jean’s mind are totally deserted, which is very disconcerting, and there are other minor details of it that drive home the feeling of “wrongness”. Despite the fact that this isn’t really a horror game and involves a minimum of jump scares, I avoided playing it at night and enlisted a friend to sit with me through some of it! That’s partially because I’m a wimp, though.I did have a few small complaints about it. There’s an option, that can be turned off, for “head bob”, which is an aspect of the first person view that I found very irritating. Even with it off, something about how the view was rendered tended to make me nauseous when I played for long periods. (I can be prone to that, though, so YMMV.) There were also certain aspects of the puzzles that the game expected the player to extrapolate that took me a while to figure out - such as the fact that if you do the puzzles out of order, you’re likely to get stuck, as later puzzles often rely on earlier ones to some extent. The game leads you to believe that the puzzles are totally independent of each other, at least early on, with all the “parallel paths” stuff, so that was a hitch for me. Some of the puzzles were generally unintuitive, while some were easy - they were a very mixed bag. In sum, you’ll probably end up looking for hints on the puzzles before you figure out their unspoken rules.Overall, though, this game seriously impressed me with its artistry, and the plot was just incredible. An absolutely worthwhile indie game that should be better known.It took me about 12 hours start to finish; I finished all the puzzles but I may have skipped an area...? It was unclear. Content warnings (some of which could be considered spoilers, but nothing too revealing):The first five minutes of the game were a bit harrowing for me as there was a quasi-medical environment and a scene that set off claustrophobia that I didn’t know I even had. So I’d warn for that. The game also explores themes of alcoholism and the idea of a child growing up in a difficult home, and it may not be the best choice for people with unreality issues (DP, DR, whatever) - I personally struggle with those sometimes and it was okay for me, but I think if I’d been in a bad state of mind playing it there definitely may have been issues.I’d give it a 5/5, would recommend to a friend with no issues with the content of the game, and would recommend with reservations to people who aren't good with horror games, as it's scarier than the summary implies."
,Recommended,265950,17210083,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Shino Puppy,"A wonderful puzzle-exploring game, and a fantastic story come together to create a moving game that unfortunately flew under the radar of most gamers.While the player movement and interaction leaves something to be desired, it is more than worth the effort to peek into every little nook and cranny in the game, and discover all of the many hidden secrets and fragments of the story.I would reccommend this to every explorer that has the patience for a soft-paced puzzle game. It's not for everyone, but I'm sure that it will be an excellent experience to those that are."
,Recommended,265950,17466297,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Big Slunch,"Okay, listen. My computer can never handle the Unreal Engine because its a freaking cabbage, so this game had a lot of lag for me. That said, I still completed it 100%. I needed the occasional help of a guide (the puzzles can be a stretch sometimes), but I still thoroughly enjoyed the game, especially its story, jfc, this game had a nice story. It was worth the money in my book."
,Recommended,265950,16865358,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,jhycool,Good Game!
76561198072720089,Not Recommended,265950,15977361,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,mgandcr,I have seen 4 different endings for this game and none work for me.   It seems to me that it has  problems.  From what I read that appears to be true.
76561198115701400,Recommended,265950,16107069,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,mokifinoki,"Basically this game was pretty fun.  If you like wandering around and solving puzzles that are not necessarily obvious (which I like), you'll like this game. Searching for the ribbons is important to advancing in the game, which was not hard. If you are a stickler for getting every single puzzle completed, the projector puzzles will make you happy.  There is a variety of scenery and the graphics are very good. The only think I found to be incredibly annoying was having to store your inventory in the 'hub' and going back and forth everytime you saved something or needed to get it back.  The idea is clever except it is awkward.  I would much prefer to have an inventory with me at all times.  That annoyance, however, is not enough to make me not enjoy this game.I recommend this game for anyone who likes the exploration/casual experience with high quality graphics.  The story was also pretty decent, although I rarely care about that part."
76561197966573552,Not Recommended,265950,13255837,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Spock RC,"There were plenty of technical issues trying to get the game to run.  Once in game, I found the puzzles to be basic and unengaging.  At times you'll be wandering about, just trying to find that thing they want you to click on, and that thing won't really be intuitive.  The story got me interested in the game, but they just hammer you with too much exposition that doesn't quite make sense.  I lost interest and never finished the game.  Dissapointed."
76561197990186111,Recommended,265950,13824089,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Vortex-5,For fans of myst this is quite a fantastic and coheasive adventure game that is similar but completely different and new yet the same.Similar to myst the puzzles revolve around understanding who you are where you are and what you're doing. All questions that may not quite be what they may seem.
,Recommended,265950,13546458,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DvnMethod,This is an excellent game and I'm happy for having made the purchase.  The story draws interest until the end and the game has replayability with the alternate ending from solving all the challenges.  I wish there were more games with this level of depth in the story.
,Recommended,265950,13820144,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mothhive,Excellent adventure game with an intriguing story. Enjoyed it very much!
,Recommended,265950,13758988,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BinarySplit,"8/10The story, art, puzzles, and core mechanics of the game are superb. Ether One is a mixture of narrated first-person exploration (aka walking simulator) and environmental / inventory puzzles (similar to a point & click). The environment is incredibly detailed and tells the individual stories of many inhabitants in the town of Pinwheel. It's very well written. It took me 9 hours to complete, which felt about right for the amount of content. If I was only judging the game by these qualities it would get a solid 10/10.There were a few annoyances that brought my score down. For instance, the walking speed didn't feel fast enough, even with the Run key held down. Also, many of the clues were on notes in the game world, but you couldn't take them with you and it wasn't obvious which ones were going to be needed later so you would sometimes have to go back and find them.If you're a fan of narrated exploration games or point & click adventure games, you'll definitely enjoy Ether One. There may be a few annoyances, but the core experience is highly worthy of your time and money."
,Recommended,265950,15921012,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Muffins,Definitely worth your time and money.
,Recommended,265950,15906167,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,gNatalie,"So beautiful and sad. If you like story driven games, then this is for you. Controls are easy to get use to and the whole game flows smoothly. Sometimes travelling around can be jarring and confusing (there is no top down map) but that just means you need to explore! Steam achievements aren't hard to get either. The story has excellent plot twists and I thoroughly enjoyed playing. 9/10"
76561198046417010,Recommended,265950,15643627,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Ragamuffin,This game is easily one of my all-time favorite games. I would seriously recommend this game to anyone who likes puzzle games.
76561198053243606,Not Recommended,265950,18476754,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,UberSloth,About as much fun as watching the grass grow while running over your foot with the lawn mower. Too dull and puzzles involve just way too much guess work.
76561198021792986,Recommended,265950,12270390,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Gelatinous Mass,"This is a charming game. I would recommend it to anyone who likes puzzle games. The atmosphere was intriguing. The story was touching, and it surprised me at the end."
76561197998825270,Recommended,265950,12245070,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,The Dorf,"The premise alone for Ether One probably would have been enough to get me interested in playing this game, not to mention that it had mostly positive(ish) reviews upon its launch earlier this year. Gameplay wise, it's kind of one is one part interactive story and one part puzzle game. It's like if Gone Home had a baby with the old school adventure/puzzle games like Myst. In Ether One, you'll be playing the role of ""The Restorer"". You're contracted to help a medical researcher treat a patient with dementia by entering the patient's mind Inception style and then finding and restoring the patient's lost or broken memories. Really interesting premise, right? Unfortunately, most of what's typed below are a lot of the faults I found with the game. There's a lot of good stuff to be found with Ether One too, but I chose to focus mostly on the things I thought could be improved to make a more complete experience. I want to submit some constructive criticism because I know that Ether One is the type of game that I usually like, but there were a few problems in the way of making my experience truly awesomeLike Gone Home before it, the story of Ether One is told via voiceovers that occasionally kick in and give you narrative details when you're standing near or looking at something of importance. You'll be exploring a deserted island as it exists in your patient's memory and discovering your patient's life history by exploring this small island. The primary voice you hear is that of the lead researcher of the project you're assigned to. She chimes in now and again to give you your objectives and bark out orders on how you're to carry them out. Her character reminded me a little bit of GLaDOS from Portal. She serves to guide the player and move the game along, but her motivations seem questionable. You don't feel like you can completely trust her. The game seemed content to keep this character sort of ambivalent all the way up until the end of the story. Actually, I found a lot of the story's details to be a little vague and I'm not sure if this was intentional or poor narrative execution.Adding to the confusion and the vagueness of this story is the other female character's voiceover who just starts talking to you out of nowhere. For the longest time, I thought I had missed some important cutscene where the game delivered a bunch of narrative exposition and this other voice was introduced, but nope. For most of the game, you're not sure who this voice is supposed to be or what the relevance is of the details she provides are. To me, this sort of ambiguity wasn't even interestingly vague or mysteriously vague. It was more confusingly and annoyingly vague. A lot of what either of the two voices talk about seemed incohesive and irrelevant to the rest of the story. Because of these problems, it took Ether One quite a while to grab me and for the game to really click with me. There's some really well executed scenes about halfway through the game that pulled me in and there's also an interesting twist at the end, but unfortunately you'll have to tough it out while the game stumbles through the confusing introduction of the setting and characters.The focus of the gameplay in Ether One is on exploration. You need to find a certain number of red ribbons in each area before being allowed to proceed to the next one. The game also includes some puzzles, but interestingly, nearly all of the puzzle sections in Ether One are completely optional. Since they're not required, solving these puzzles serves only to give you an extra bit of narrative about whichever area you're in. I think it's fortunate that the designers made these optional, because the puzzles I attempted to solve were so frustratingly poorly communicated. I had absolutely no idea what the game wanted me to do with some of these puzzles. Sometimes I wasn't even sure if what I was looking at was supposed to be a puzzle at all. I happened to accidentally solve one of the puzzles, and I wasn't even really sure what I had done to complete it. A lot of them involve placing the correct items gathered from various places around the island, but you can only carry one item at a time for some odd reason. It felt like the game designers were hacking around the game engine rather than coding a decent inventory system. It was a pretty unintuitive mess. Mercifully, these are indeed optional. Aside from the puzzles, the rest of the gameplay was sort of unremarkable and uninteresting. If you're playing Ether One, you're doing it for the story, nothing else. But just like its story, I felt that there was something missing from Ether One's gameplay that could have really made this game specialDespite all of my ranting above, I still liked Ether One. I wanted to like this game more than I actually did, but there was some bungled narrative and some really poor execution in gameplay that I just couldn't get over. It's also another pretty short game. That is, unless you try to figure out some of those crazy puzzles. That might pad the game a bit, but I'd advise against it. Skipping nearly all of the puzzles, I was able to knock this game out in about 3 hours. The subject matter in this game is really interesting to me and there are a few short sequences in where Ether One really shines. However most of the rest of the game is unfortunately kind of dull, incoherent or overly vague. Artsy folks who like the ""open to interpretation"" kind of story may dig this, but I found too many details were missing and my interest wasn't adequately captured at the game's opening. I really still did enjoy playing through this game though. Just not as much as I hoped I would.For more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
76561197974761049,Recommended,265950,12104629,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,nemo_annonymous,"Ether One is an emotional exploration/puzzle game in which you enter the mind of a patient and move through their memories.    Overall, the puzzles are fairly sensible, at least within their context, and none require quick reflexes or parkour spills.  The ""two paths"" feature is somewhat over-stated- since all the puzzles are optional, you can play it as a pure exploration game - but that would cost you much of the plot's background.Of special note is the game's excellent use of sound, and voice acting to set and maintain the mood, plus the respectful handling of mental disease."
76561198011096847,Recommended,265950,11384638,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,BrokenEye the True False Prophet,"It's not often you find a game that's calming, but this is one of those. The atmosphere is quite pleasant, with some fantastic visuals, and I did just as much exploring just to see what I could see as I did while actually working towards any sort of goal.The story is quite interesting, and even heartwarming at times (with moments of creepiness and humor for added flavor), although it's unfortunately rather short. I genuinely did not expect the ending, but that may be partly due to an assumption about the story I made early on that I later took to be a known fact.The puzzles are, at times, somewhat counter-intuitive, but I've never been good at puzzle gameplay so that might just be me. Be warned, however, that you will end up hoarding lots of meaningless junk under the assumption that some of it will be needed for some puzzle or other. Much of it is needed, and it's not always what you'd expect, but an awful lot of it isn't."
76561197970840537,Recommended,265950,11015365,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,infin,"First-rate storytelling at a perfect pace, basic but effective game mechanics, and a cohesive, immersive aesthetic in Ether One help further the argument that video games can be art.  In case that isn't sufficient, the puzzles here are simultaneously challenging yet perhaps the most intuitive I have ever experienced in an adventure/puzzler -- it felt is if the developers and I were almost always on the same wavelength.  One gripe:  there were a handful of puzzles that depended on (the modern equivelent of) pixel hunting; but in an exploration-based game, that can be forgiven.  Ultimately, Ether One is a true and touching joy.Buy this game.  Play this game.  Cry during the ending(s)."
,Recommended,265950,11045904,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,K-Griever2,"This wonderful game has feels, atmosphere and rich environments. But don't take my word for it.What you should understand beyond all doubt, however, is that this is classic puzzle gaming at its core. There's no learnable formula like in Portal, or recordable journal like most RPGs and adventure games, this is old fashioned puzzle solving amid a gorgeously aethetic and connected world. Very, VERY few puzzles are convoluted by nature, the rest incorporating elements that are logical, and sufficiently hinted at. Of the 5 or so I had to look up, three of them I felt dumb about ""cheating"" on.This is an expertly created game, a little rough around the edges with minor bugs, (nothing that couldn't be fixed with a restart) and full of enough intrigue and English history and mining culture to keep you engrossed to your own preferable degree. Check it out, you will be challenged, impressed, and immersed."
,Recommended,265950,11352403,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Subject Infinite,"It is clear that a lot of love, care and emotion went into crafting Ether One. It is a beautiful, poignant, peaceful and incredibly challenging game, based around exploring the memories of a dementia patient. Playing thorugh this game gave me 'Myst' vibes, through the challenging, puzzle and exploration based gameplay. I found the story telling to be top notch, a feat only compounded considering it was produced by a small indie team. Ether One is a little rough around the edges, as is apparent with some of the graphical features though the effect of this is only minimal, and I imagine it is merely a hallmark of not having access to all the latest tools and expertise. For me, these little nuances actually served the hit home the personal, and home-grown feel of the game.It is overall extremely well done and deserves all the praise it gets. The game world is immersive and atmospheric (oh so quintessentially English!), The voice acting is superb, the way the story unfolds is intriguing and leaves a lot to the player's own exploration and problem solving skills, a welcome throwback to puzzle games from days gone by (there's no hint system or anything like that. If you're stuck, go root through a walkthrough!). Character development is a success, particularly how it is tied in with solving the puzzles in the game. Would absolutely recommend."
,Recommended,265950,11478331,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,sny,"My overall experience with Ether One was positive, however I can't help feeling that the game could've used a couple more months of polish in certain aspects.In Ether One, you're tasked with curing a patient suffering from dementia using a new form of therapy in which you, the player, are asked to make sense of the world you encounter in the patient's mind and discover torn fragments of their memory that can help them reconnect with the present world. Guiding you along is the voice of the psychiatrist that came up with the therapeutic treatment as well as echoes from the patient's past. This premise means that if you enjoy filling in the gaps of the world created by the designers using yourownimagination, you'll probably find the game entertaining as it manages to strike a good balance between explicitness and obscurity when revealing new bits of the plot. The story is a strong point throughout the experience and it keeps you going forward all the way to the end even when you might be frustrated by other, sub-par aspects of the game's design.Collectors and completionists are rewarded with more insight into the patient's past and present, with a second ending granted to those who uncover all memory fragments, which requires solving puzzles. These also task the player with making sense of the world, albeit in a different way than the story does, and in my opinion it is here that the game's few shortcomings first manifest themselves. Although I managed to solve every puzzle in the game without consulting any outside source, the time this took was artificially lengthened by the following issues:the game often introduces objects without any special purpose in one environment (i.e. decorations), then goes on to break this established notion by making them part of a puzzle in a subsequent zone;artificial limitations are sometimes imposed on the way objects have to be used that not only make no logical sense but also have no impact on the related puzzle:you have to wait for the sound of a ringing bell to fade before ringing the next one for it to register correctly as a solutionyou can't replace a certain light bulb without first blowing the fuse in the breaker box next to itsome clues are so poorly placed that by simply traversing through the environment you obstruct them without ever seeing them (e.g. I knew the general location of a label I was supposed to read, but it still took me 20 minutes of running back and forth to find because I opened the door that obstructed it from the other side than the developers intended me to)Each of these aforementioned issues could've been fixed by allocating more resources to asset design, object scripting and playtesting respectively, and although none of them are game-breaking problems, fixing them - along with the myriad spelling/grammar errors, duplicate journals and notes with missing that you can find throughout the game - would've given the game a much more polished feel to go along with the great story and good voice acting.All in all, the things the game gets right outweigh the ones which end up feeling sloppily made and I would recommend Ether One to any fan of story-driven exploration games, but it's a pity how a few mistakes keep it from shining as brightly as it could have."
,Recommended,265950,11330069,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Fladagus,"I know you may be thinking, ""Oh god, another Indie narrative-focused puzzle game."" But really give this one a shot, it has a story akin to something like Gone Home, with some very unique and interesting puzzle solving mechanics.I was pleasantly surprised by this game and I'm sure you will be too."
76561198017784108,Recommended,265950,11076507,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Schrodingers Cat,This game is a beautiful game with amazing story line and also many different kind of puzzles to try yourself out on.
,Recommended,265950,10912125,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jobabob,I need to stop playing these games before I become an babbling emotional wreck. I'm not going to forget this experience for a while.
76561198017129592,Recommended,265950,14090777,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,tgaona,"Ether One is an exploration game somewhat in the vein of the Myst series that examines the theme of memory and its decay. I won't reveal much more than that to avoid spoiling the plot.The world is well designed and entices you to explore every nook and cranny of it.The mechanics mostly revolve around finding items in the world and placing them in their rightful locations. There is also a fair bit of deciphering codes to unlock safes, doors, etc. One of the more unique puzzle mechanics involves discovering key bits of information and writing them on chalkboards, envelopes, and the like to solve the puzzles.For the most part, the puzzles don't require any outrageous leaps of logic to solve, although you will likely find yourself heading to the forums for a hint on one or two particularly pernicious conundrums.My only gripe with the game is movement. Moving around the world makes one feel less like a human and more like a drunken pachyderm. This is not such an annoyance when you first visit a location, as you will want to move slowly to take in your surroundings. However, once you've explored a location and are trying to solve a puzzle that requires backtracking across the location in search of a note or item, the slow stumbling movement becomes quite frustrating.The main plot is fairly interesting but I found the small side plots riddled throughout the world to be the game's forte. That said, I highly recommend this game on the basis of it's puzzles, plot, and interesting world to explore."
,Recommended,265950,14787489,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,SKAYSCRM,"minblowing stories.difficult puzzle but exciting.excellent voice actings.beautiful environment.what the mind thinks, the heart transmits.10/10."
,Recommended,265950,15206994,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Vaslav,Includes a surprising amount of detail on early 20th Century tin mining.
,Recommended,265950,14772861,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Erinkyan,"Beautiful.   While the ending doesn't quite live up to the rest of the game, it does still hit all the right emotional notes.  There's real excellence in subtlety in very small details throughout the game, even if the overarching themes are more direct.  And as someone who lost a parent to dementia, I found this exactly the right mix of realistic and optimistic/hopeful.  No candy coating, but little gems of joy still to be found.Highly recommend this game, especially if your life has been affected by dementia - although make sure you're in a sturdy emotional state before taking it on, if so."
,Recommended,265950,10855290,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,cycrolu,"A puzzle adventure game where the vast majority of puzzles are optional.  Come for the puzzles, stay for the stories.  I found the presentation of dementia well executed for the medium."
76561198039912497,Recommended,265950,13766694,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Doctor Plok,"This game kind of took me by surprise. I was expecting a rather standard low budget Myst-like FPS puzzler and, to a certain extent, that's exactly what Ether One is. However, what I wasn't expecting was a thought-provoking and genuinely touching exploration on the issue of degenerative brain disorders. Sure the puzzles are sometimes a little too obscure for their own good, which leads to a bizarre sort of kleptomania where you end up picking up every single item you see in the hope that somehow that one shoe you found in that house might be able to open that door you've been struggling to get through in that factory. But, once the methods of puzzle progression becomes clear, the pace picks up and I found myself utterly immersed in the fiction before me.A wonderful mixture of Science Fiction and psychological thriller/horror creates a game world where you're always second guessing everything you see and do. You are freely able to move between every zone of the game world and can return to do any of the puzzles that you possibly struggled with before. If you're not really 'feeling' the puzzles offered, you can actually ignore a large quantity and blast through the story. Completion of the puzzles does affect the story somewhat in ways I would prefer not to spoil, so I honestly think it's worth taking some time to do them.The puzzles themselves vary in complexity, from simple fetch and place puzzles, to some really rather obscure ones that might have you reaching for the aid of a walkthrough. The game actually offers multiple routes to completion of some of the larger puzzles so using a walkthrough can be very handy to make sure you are at least thinking about the puzzle correctly. Sometimes the obscurity of the puzzles can seem a little....too much, but I recommend just going with it and treating it as a part of the narrative itself. The human mind is a complex thing, seems only apt for it to construct such complex puzzles ;-)The story and game world for me are the main selling points for this game. Wonderfully atmospheric locales that are as creepy as they are strangely beautiful and serene - based just enough in reality to make the games many anomalies create a sense of unease. The story itself is wonderfully told and involving, with the many puzzles having a consequence on how and when details are revealed to the player. Thematically I was really rather moved by what White Paper games did with the story and the main revelations revealed throughout are as disturbing as they are beautiful.Well worth the price of admission I'd say :-)"
76561198016489863,Recommended,265950,10317726,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Dцsƙ✞2☀Dawn,"I have not completed the game but this is a fun first person adventure game. I don't know if you rush through and grab all the red ribbons if it's over but I'm not attempting that. This game has a very unique puzzle idea. You really need to think about EVERYTHING you see, hear, and pick up as having some kind of use towards a puzzle and getting more information about whats going on. The people who made this are amazing. It is rare I find a game worth the full price.  Get this game and at all costs don't cheat and use a walkthrough. Finding it out for yourself is extremely rewarding.  As for hour length, 10h in and 7/20 puzzels completed. The atmosphere and music is also a great addition.Edit: Now that I've finished, make sure you actually complete everything. The knocker story tells you a lot of what is going on and is a very sad story. Really one of the best games I've ever played.."
76561198107258071,Recommended,265950,25064316,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ax,"Ether One seems to be the kind of game you love or you hate, and personally I loved it.  Ether One's environment is a very slow-paced and nostalgic one (the game's about memories after all), and the puzzles are really esoteric.  Honestly I think you have to be okay with looking up some answers and not determined to figure it all out yourself to fully enjoy it, and for people who would argue that defeats the point of a game, y'know, yeah.  But Ether One's environment and story was worth it to me without necessarily being able to pro through the whole thing myself.  It's absolutely gorgeous, the music really makes the isolation and nostalgia stick, and there's so much to explore.  The difficulty of the puzzles encourages you to examine the whole environment very carefully and methodically, and having a physical space to stop and think things through and examine everything you've collected is really nice.However, I can't really recommend the Deluxe version.  I ran into a pretty well known game-breaking bug on that, which was addressed in the original version.  So they may eventually fix both of them, but I'd really only pick up the Deluxe version if you're already in love with the game and want to support it.A side note too, if first person games really unsettle you (like they do me), then there are some frightening and unnerving points here and there.  Especially the beginning of the game was kind of overwhelming to me the first time, but other than those few points I found it to be a very peaceful game.  You're alone in the environment, but you don't get stalked or terrorized, and there's a safe space you can return to at any point with a single keypress; on top of it, from there you can travel to a different location immediately.  So unless that's a serious problem for you I wouldn't let the opening sequence deter you.Finally, the story is a sad one.  There's a silver lining, but seriously it's a clearly dementia-related downer, go in prepared."
76561198007013003,Recommended,265950,17898473,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,pec-orange,Oh man this game is a wonderful experience!It will leave you in complete emotional wreck. In the good way.
,Recommended,265950,17587621,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Jade,Enjoyed trying to complete every puzzle and collection until I got motion sickness and couldn't play again :(
,Recommended,265950,20876920,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Vera,"Beautiful, challenging and thought-provoking."
76561198037277954,Recommended,265950,20533566,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ig83,Playing this with the Oculus Rifthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqGm7t3vBps
,Recommended,265950,20052055,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,The Real Slim Shayney,"This game was phenomenal. If you enjoy first person adventure games with puzzles, then you'll likely enjoy this game. I will do my best to avoid spoilers, the only one i'm mentioning here is literally explained in the first moments of the game (the entire premise of the game is based on it). You are delving into the mind of a person suffering from Dementia with Lewy bodies. You play as ""The Restorer"" who is searching through this person's memories. You explore beautiful worlds, but they seem to be a bit off. Things are scattered about, the world is devoid of other human beings, and you are wandering about trying to put the pieces back together. In doing so you learn more about this person, about their life, about their struggles with the disease. What you'll find is an interesting look into the mind of a dimentia patient, and it is an absolute wonder.One word of recommendation. Look up how to get there if you have too, but do the Brimclif Mines BEFORE you do the Village. The area isn't intentionally hidden, but it seems to be common for people to run right past it. In chronological terms, the mine took place before the village."
,Recommended,265950,16499368,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Baylee,"Loving the game visually, similar in art style to Borderlands. Story concept is interesting, but feels like it's only doing the bare minimum to keep me interested in seeing where this goes. Feels predictable so far, so I'm hoping for a fun twist somewhere along the line.Most puzzles are moderately difficult for me, but probably not too much of a challenge for people who are good at adventure game puzzles. Completing a puzzle tends to leave me feeling like the solution should have been obvious from the start if I'd looked at all the information available.Definitely recommend it."
76561198087827835,Not Recommended,265950,34524169,Posted: 27 August,all,tammyrosestretton,"This game was fun for a while, but absolutely riddled with bugs and didn't even get to finish the game. Super frustrating."
,Recommended,265950,34393927,Posted: 21 August,all,Zockerx96,Beautiful walking simulator with some puzzles which are mostly optional. If you do the puzzles and find all the collectibles it's also quite a long game compared to others in this genre.
76561198021009059,Not Recommended,265950,35266268,Posted: 28 September,all,Saf,"I would love to give this game top marks - amazing idea, gameplay & story. However it is still buggy, for me the camera in minders dry refused to come together, even after hours of reloading saves and doing all the steps needed.I went so far as to ask for a refund, but I had played too much and it was refused.For anyone considering buying be aware that the bugs may not be apparant until it is too late to get a refund on the game.Its a pity - this game could have been absolutely amazing."
