user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198014736047,Not Recommended,265970,15773245,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Alex,"Updated Review, Brief! (6 December 2015)This game is unfinished by a grat deal. Even leaving out features annotated in the manual. While some bugs have been fixed and it is possible to complete a game after dealing with many crashes, the developers have abondened the game. They do not post to forums nor have they updated this work in months. I would recommend strongly against buying this game. You have been warned.It should also be noted, MY GAME TIME IS NOT ACCURATE. While I have likely played over a hundred hours in total and have played enough to confidently review the game, I often neglect to close the game when walking away from my keyboard, indeed keeping it on overnite at some points. I would not mention this, but it has come up in comments.Updated Review (13 July 2015):At the release of version 1.2.0, the game remains unplayable. In fact, to date I have not been able to complete a single game I've begun due to catastrophic failure of the game. Some bugs can be recovered from by reloading the game, either saving/reloading or loading a prior save. In the end; however, each of my games crashed and was un-recoverable (the death bug corrupts all saves). This crash generally happens when the game just starts to get interesting (it's a slow starter), which makes things worse...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! It will only frusterate you. I had hoped to write a glimmering review of a successor to the great Master of Magic, but I think there is an evil curse associated with the game. Two would-be successors to the legacy have failed.Tis sad, as this game has potential and managed to expand on some of the things that made Master of Magic great; however, it falls short in every manner and is bugged to the degree that the game still feels like a late beta after having been officially relased 16 March. That's four months! Four months and this reviewer hasn't been able to complete a game once because of a game-killing bug. Unacceptable.Original Review:Officially released 19 March — as of 10 May, in my experience — the game is yet unplayable. The player is met with minimal tooltips for guidance and no tutorial, though apparently one was planned. Many of the features annotated in the manual are still not implicated. Want to experiment with the many announced negative disciplines? Well, you can't. There are only half a dozen. Want to build mithril weapons for your armies and heros? Well, you can't. Selecting mithril in the forge doesn't change the stats of your weapons.While developers pounded out updates during the first month of the game, fixes are becoming more elusive. If you can get past all of this, there is fun to be had. It does feel like a successor to the 1990's game Master of Magic, however, after starting several games, I have yet to be able to finish one. Not due to lack of patience, but due to deadly game-crashing bugs. I've played to around 500 turns (in some cases having never met an enemy wizard) gathering up power, hunting down nodes, and enjoying myself only to have a fatal impassable error draw the game to an end.After a couple of weeks off to let the developers fix the bugs, I gave it another go. The map navigation stops working around turn 5 (eg. you can't click and drag on the minimap to move around). This would be okay, but when my army pops up, it wont auto focus on it. Fine... I'll hunt them down by scrolling on the main map. I found a grey elf village on turn ten. Undefended, except a single garrisoned archer. Defeated. Crash. Main map icons pop up on the battlefield as though it were the world map and FREEZE!I can not recommend this game. DO NOT BUY IT! I know, you hope it's really good, and it ain't bad in concept. It just doesn't work and half of the cool concepts haven't been implemented. Most disappointing.Check back for reviews over the coming months and see if the game improves, but do not buy until you hear solid reviews. This too is difficult because of general fan-dom and no doubt more difficult because the developer croudfunded, so there are many people who feel positively about the game because of their personal investment.If the game looks interesting, I would suggest going to GoG and purchasing Master of Magic. It shows it's age, but it does work. You can start and finish a game. I hope this game get's a serious revamp by developers, because it could be so good, but seeing them back off on updates when the game is so incomplete isn't a good sign..."
76561197996118536,Not Recommended,265970,14968560,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,sLaughter (Trip Hit),"Typos, formatting errors, and placeholders abound in the text in this game. The UI from the stone age makes the game feel like you're actually playing Masters of Magic while you're trying to move and manage your units. The sound effects in the game are comically unimpressive, especially when everything that gets hit makes the same manly grunt whether they be man, woman, beast, or being of pure magic. Worlds of Magic might eventually become a fun game, but playing the 1.0 version, I can say it is laughably unready for release.Which is a shame really, because underneath all of these superficial yet aggressively apparent flaws is a game with mechanics that do not suck. Each of the game's factions play relatively differently. There is a large enough pool of worlds, spells, monsters, resources, and special events to give you a feeling of exploration after multiple playthroughs. Six hours into the game, I have also found it delightful to explore the strategic and tactical options the game allows you to play with."
,Not Recommended,265970,19424465,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bigby's Stroking Fist,"I kept thinking this game would eventually work out the bugs, because I desperately wanted to enjoy it.  I played MoM more than just about any other game back in the day, and the thought of a real successor was a huge draw.  Unfortunately the game has never lived up to MoM, or multiple other current games in the genre for that matter.  Every build tends to introduce a new bug requiring a restart, or a new CtD.  The devs rarely respond to feedback unless it's completely positive, even going so far as calling owners stupid on the forums.  My biggest regret was that I picked it up in EA as soon as it was available and played each update to provide feedback, so I had too many hours played to get a refund when it was ""released.""  Save your money and your time, avoid this title."
76561197986162232,Not Recommended,265970,15345487,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Brack,"Update May 26:  Started a new game with the latest version.  Having fun, got a nice little elf empire going.  Turn 196, just opened up a gateway to the shadow plane.  This must be the plane of doom because the game locks up.  Sorry guys, but you're not quite there yet.Update May 9.  I noticed that the game just updated and decided to give it another try almost a month after my first review.  Five minutes after starting a new game, I'm in the  first battle on the tactical map.  I win.  The game freezes in a way I have never seen before, with parts of the strategic map on top of the tactical map.  I reload the game and fight the battle on auto.  A couple of minutes later, I fight my second battle on the tactical map.  Same result -- I win, weird freeze.Why do I come back to this game?  Because I really like it when it works.  But the crashes still make it basically unplayable and incredibly frustrating.  What's discouraging is that the developers don't seem to be able to issue patches without introducing new problems.Original Post:  More than one month after release and the game is still plagued by endless crashes.  Maybe you will be able to play a game to the end in about two months without it crashing.  Good luck, but I have finally had enough."
,Not Recommended,265970,15014564,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Grumple Stilskin,"This is better than I expected. But not as good as I had hoped.The price is intimidating first of all. But it's less than a AAA game would cost, and this game has a bit more than your average AAA game. I'm not 100% on if it's worth it or not yet.Second of all, the game was forced to release while still slightly incomplete due to various contracts, which is hurting them immensely with the launch crowd. They released several patches to fix most of the issues within the first 24 hours or so, and the game is better now. Some people hate day 1 patches, so take that for what you will.The game needs to be able to zoom out more, and the world map is hell to figure out sometimes. I have the graphics settings as high as they can go (They go from Fast to Good) and it's still difficult to tell exactly what tile does what, even with the little symbols pointing at them. The worst are tiles that become corrupted. I still cannot tell what tiles have this effect unless I hover over the tile specifically, and that's annoying since corrupted tiles give no bonuses. Not to mention the number of times I try to click on an army and wind up clicking the tile behind them, or whenever I accidentaly send my army to a town instead of entering the town management screen like I intended to.Combat is fine, though there is a wide range on damage, like 17-45 with some units. Big annoyance with flyers is that they're pretty close to the ground, so I tend to forget that they're flying a lot of the time.City building is fine, though a bit slow at times. Most of your workers will be going to food and gold to support any real kind of army, and you need a few towns to do that. I suppose experts at the game will disagree though.I can't say much about diplomacy because I barely get a chance to use it. That's really all I can say on that, it just never comes up.At this current moment, I cannot recommend this game for $40. If you see it on sale for $30 or so though, go for it, it's worth that for sure. I'll watch the updates and I might change this if things improve even more."
76561198022894578,Not Recommended,265970,15498746,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,barber_christopher7030,The game has a great concept but to many bugs and it is not worth 40 bucks. The races are highly unbalanced as well as the maps. Maybe in 5 months when they have these issues fixed it will be worth it. Really wish I would have waited for a year or 2 before buying.
,Not Recommended,265970,20640486,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,vaustein,"This game is a great example of why I don't buy Early Access titles anymore. For context, allow me to quote from the developers' own website writing about themselves.Wastelands Interactive is an independent game development studio from Poland. We are a dedicated team of artists, storytellers, programmers, designers and true gamers working together for several years. As so we trust that our mission is to deliver better experience and stir emotions, to create rich universes with unique solutions in reliable products for those we aim to serve.Over the past years, on our own, we have successfully delivered several titles for all kinds of players. Our products are easily accessible and available for all main gaming platforms: consoles, personal computers, mobile and VR devices. Recently we have also developed gamification projects and we are expanding in this area using our gaming experience.If only I had read this prior to spending at least $40 on this title, I'd have one less piece of garbage littering my library. In my defense, at least I didn't back the Kickstarter:https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/304725524/worlds-of-magic-a-new-classic-4x-fantasy-game/posts/1334961Yes, the devs are still posting to the Kickstarter page pretending that WoM is a misunderstood gem-in-the-rough just brimming with untapped potential. I'm a little worried about this comment in particular.It's our intention to submit version 1.2.5 to GoG for possible release. At the moment we can't get you a definite ETA, but we hope to be able to do that soon.No! Not necessary!GoG is a great platform with the support of many developers and publishers who are far more capable and competent. The participation of Wastelands Interactive is neither desired nor required, but thanks anyway.The most helpful reviews already provide sufficient detail to steer other folks away from buying. I'm posting this as a catharsis or expurgation of my feelings of carelessness over not scrutinizing this title more carefully before buying. To complete this healing exercise, allow me to chart out the stages of Buyer's Remorse as they apply to Worlds of Magic.Stage 1 - Denial.Hey, it claims to beMaster of Magicrebooted with graphics that resemble the excellent Stardock titleFallen Enchantress. I don't need to look at Wastelands Interactive's other work, do I? Nah!:spends money:Stage 2 - Anger.At 90 minutes in, this game is quite♥♥♥♥♥♥Stage 3 - Bargaining.Does the Steam refund policy apply to EA titles? No...?Stage 4 - Depression.Can I give away games that I've already bought? No...?Stage 5 - Acceptance.This post."
,Not Recommended,265970,15789933,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Hashashiyyin,"World of Magic is intended as a direct successor to the venerable Master of Magic. I'd been looking for a game that made a decent attempt at building on MoM's legacy for a while so I was pretty excited to hear about this one. However this game is less about building on MoM's legacy and more about porting it wholesale.The good:- most things that made MoM good are still in there i.e. lots of customisation, reasonably interesting fantasy setting, casting spells.The bad:- doesn't support 1280*1024 resolution!- the map and units quite ugly. The game world in particularly is quite poor at communicating information eg. resources and dungeons are not easy to make out.- interfaces are neither pretty nor particularly functional- doesn't let you skip movement animations on the combat map- maps have 6 subdimensions for no reason, which is unnecessarily confusing. 2 is plenty.- basically nothing significant has changed since MoM. So city building and expansion are about as bland as you'd expect from a strategy game made in 1994.When I saw this game, I was hoping that it would retain the features that made Master of Magic a really interesting game and combine them with a solid 4X core that built on the advances of the last couple of decades. At the very least, I'd have expected MoM with a slick interface and nice graphics.This game delivers none of that. Its interface fails to make any notable improvement on MoM's neanderthal counterpart - and in fact lacks the aesthetic charm of the older game. The underlying problem of Worlds of Magic is that in their quest to preserve every mechanic the developers have not added or changed anything substantial but have still managed to lose plenty. If you run the two games next to one another, you will see they play in the same sort of way - but one lacks charm, and a soul."
76561198012841946,Not Recommended,265970,12086871,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Livigy,"Don't plan on playing any very large maps unless you have a good book on hand. With 50+ independent cities all taking seperate turns the loading between your turns becomes unforgiveable. You are also locked out of looking at your cities and your magic research/crafting/casting etc during these loading phases. At the start when your trying to build up your capitals economy you could spend an hour or two not actively playing while waiting for your building que to finish and the tedium of the free cities to taking their turns (typically swarming you with one or two units at a time) so you need to actively defend your capital at all times instead of giving you leeway to scout etc.As others have noted crashing is an issue and many tooltips are missing but that is typical early access issues.The magic system also appears lacking. The spells are lackluster, nothing new and exciting to see here in terms of magic. Most of the magic is geared towards buffs or debuffs either in combat, persistant or for cities. The penalties with magic also seem high to the point that its probably not really worth bothering with. There is only 3 tiers of spells the final teir spells are hardly noteworthy, the humble web and fireball spells are actually tier three final spells. Magic costs increases the further you are away from your capital and you have a limited amount of mana you can use per turn (but you can increase your capacity).Combat also appears very boring. I don't think there is tactical deployment and the obsticles are mere sprinkles and not even a factor tactically. There would need to be some sort of environmental elements going on like hills swamps rivers etc which provide benefits/pentalties instead of a flat chess board with some spaces unusable. Also im not sure if you can get units to defend or get bonuses from tactics like flanking or backstabbing etc. The only thing I noticed was a penalty with retreating or trying to use range when a target is right next to the unit.The only notable aspect of the game is the mangement of resources which may result in more micromanging and tedium. If you want to build up a large mana supply you can forgo research and your mana capactity development. Same with the population control in cities, you can tailor to more food (base neccessity) or direct citizens into production or research. I'm not sure if excess production is carried over though so in theory you could tediously micromange and shift production to research right before a building completes to not waste potential.Although this is early access I am sceptical about the direction of the game. Independent cities need simultanious turns at the very least (consider them full players without the ability to build settlers) as a 7 world very large map you would be wasting hours upon hours waiting for these independents to have their turns one at a time. (With three worlds there was about 50-55 independents, so over seven worlds look forward to 120+). Hopefully there are plans for several more teirs of magic and much needed updates to combat gameplay."
76561198006825114,Not Recommended,265970,14453442,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,solidstate,"I deeply loved Masters of Magic, and considered it one of the lost gems of 90s gaming, too often overlooked next to similar titles like the Civ and HoMM series. And so when I saw this attempt at a remake, I was immediately intrigued.But despite joining early in early access, I've played (and enjoyed) it relatively little. At first, the game was crippled with bugs in the simple things like movement and UI that would frequently make it close to unplayable. While the worst of those seem resolved now, the experience this game delivers mostly makes me want to go load DOSBox to play MoM instead. The game has some promise, but there's a lot that needs to be seriously fixed before this goes to official release. Some various thoughts:UI - The UI feels as awkward as something from the 90s era the game is trying to emulate, and maybe less precise.  Often trying to click on UI elements results in map clicks that send your units running weird places. This also happens when trying to select units or targets. The Save/Load interface also seems rather clunky, the buttons often requiring extra clicks, crude organization (why icons over a nice list?), etc. Really, this is the biggest knock against the game, it just seems so unpolished, unprofessional. In this state, I think it's really dubious that they're even asking people money for it.Graphics - The graphics are about Civ 4 level, so while it's an update, they're not really modern.  This isn't a huge deal, but I feel like they could have done better (other independent strategy games have managed clean modern looks without super system requirements, like Banner Saga).Tactical Gameplay - There are a lot of balance issues here. I don't know why the ONE thing this game didn't copy from MoM is the combat system, using a D&D-style one instad. By comparison, the system (with hits/misses/crits, damage rolls, etc) seems to be much less predictable than MoM's. Swordsmen attack Swordsmen. 8 damage. Counterattack. 32 damage! Just seems crappy and random. Ranged units are also super overpowered and dominant. Infinite range, no counters and scoot n' shoot makes them worth basically 2x a same tier melee unit (or worth 10x if you're fighting something stronger, where counterattacks will chew up melee).Strategic Gameplay  - Everything you'd expect of a normal 4x/Civ clone here, although I think things are tuned way too slow and way too tight. For instance, you start getting unrest the very first time your city grows - seriously?  It always feels like you're broke and on the verge of starvation, and makes some Sorcerer traits & spells (Merchant, the city buffs) almost mandatory.Customization & Variety - Needs more races, but the ones they have seem nicely varied (if not balanced). The Sorcerer traits are similar to MoM, although some feel like they have little impact, while others seem near mandatory (Merchant again). I'm not sure about the spell list design, although I dislike how summons seem to be organized into their own sphere rather than present across all of them as they were in MoM, meaning less people have access to them. MoM saw War Bears, Sprites, Hell Hounds, Phantom Warriors, Guardian Spirits and various undead used early and often. That seems less the case now, with many possible builds getting no summons at all.AI - As far as I can tell, the AI options are 'Do Nothing' and 'Everyone sends all their units to attack you and only you.' Definitely needs some improvement here."
76561197989279619,Not Recommended,265970,16849769,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Lord Quinton,"I am hesitant to make a negative review of this game because I want it to succeed so badly.  However after seeing the state  it is in and being fully 'released', I have no chioce but to do so.  The idea of the game is awesome and once it is finished the game will be an excellent game.  Currently, the game is approximately in an early beta state.  All the unit models have not been animated, there an immense number of bugs in almost every area of the game and the AI is practically non existent.  The developers are constantly updating and this gives me hope that they will eventually come to a completed version of this game someday.  I'd keep a close eye on the game but would suggest not buying it until the devs have actually finished the game."
76561198025124697,Not Recommended,265970,18392758,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,walesa84,"Not a bad games, but with a lot of bugs... disappearing units, impossible battles, a totally non-understanding interface, turns that does not end, or resource calculations that screw the turn ending.Last but not least it seems a game too needy for the graphic it shows, but this could be an issue with my old 2009 mac.I expected a great game, but for now it's better to play the old plain magic."
76561198026138125,Not Recommended,265970,19834863,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,TMIB67,"This game screams that your parents were right when they said, ""You don't want to put money into a game until it is complete!""From now on I am only going to pre-purchase from established companies.  Don't get me wrong, I am sure these creators appreciated getting money, and maybe they even fooled themselves into believing they had the skills to create this program, but they got the money and won't be getting anymore cash from those who have already paid.  Therefor there isn't much incentive to go back and complete the project now.What I am not sure is why a broken game that will probably never (last patch in July) work is still being sold.Shame too, because it was originally very promising."
,Recommended,265970,13211802,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,En_Ma,"""... having conquered both the worlds of Arcanus and Myrror, you are the only true Master of Magic""Or so it has gone so far, because apparently we finally get to conquer a couple of planes more.I was looking for a downloadable archive of MoM (I do not even have a pc that can read the floppies it was on when I brought it anymore, how sad is that?) when I noticed this one.The ""pay up thirty bucks, then we show you the beta"" thing was not very appealing, but I decided to give it a go anyway. (Hint to the developers: do publish a small demo version)It was worth it.The game is... well, it's MoM with modern graphics and without the need for dosbox. There are some gameplay improvements but that's it.I was hoping it was the case, and I was not disappointed in the least. I don't want a fancy reinterpretation, I want Master of Magic. This is it.Actual gameplay review/playthrough(Assumes knowledge of Master of Magic)Why is there no ominous wizard tower on the start screen? No matter, let's start a new game.Four planes available, with both continent style and amount of water on separate settings for each.A lot of races in already, High Men are pretty much identical to how they were, elves too. (Orcs are more like lizardmen, the undead are a mirrored high men, like orcs were in the first one)... oh, wait, draconians... doom drakes? Ok, race chosen.They're pretty much the same too. A bit more difficult economically maybe.The standard archmages are Merlin, Ariel, Freya, Ssra, Jafar and Rjak plus two new additions. sure they are not actually names the same. Wait, Rjak is.Magic is pretty much the same, sorcery was split into water and air, nature becames earth, chaos becames fire. Death and life are the same.There are also thematic paths like summoning or protection, but at the moment they appear to be a bit contrived. They use the same spell of the elemental ones, but picking them by theme. I'll stick with elements for now.The gameplay is the same. And that's exactly what I was looking for. No need for instruction if you know the game already. You just need to spend a bit of time finding stuff you know is there.flaws that might already be fixed by the time you read this- no good way to understand where mana is going, the enchantment screen does not cut it (besides there's no way to tell which unit or city has which enchantment).- very poor strategic world map, after Fallen Enchantress I'm used to way better at max zoom out. A note-taking feature would be appreciated too, or at least the possibility to name a location.- not enough tooltips. you got some hovering on icons in the city interface, why not on the city list as well?- poor information inside cities. there's a total produced per building/features/population, but no way to tell, e.g. which feature is giving you a bonus or where is it on the map. Same for research bonuses.- an internal encyclopedia is sorely needed, at the very least I should know the statistics of the unit I am going to build, without building them first. Something on those lines for enemy armies would be appreciated too."
,Not Recommended,265970,30599569,Posted: 18 March,all,Redrusty66,"yes it's true, totally unfiinished and unpolished, the devs gave up and abondoned it, yet it still remains for salke on Steam (typical these days). After abandoning it they released it's ""replacement"" as excuse for giving up on this ""version"". WOM is riddled with bugs, unfinished features and crippling crashes...explaining the abondonment but not the reason it remains for sale. Though getting this game you are given it's replacement ""Planar Conquest"" for free. They ARE updating that game despite it's ratings and many of it's revierews and problems being identical to this game it has a slightly higher workability. And as I said, they are still supporitng , patching and working on it.SO will it become what this game should have? Considering the other Developers ""game list"". They haven't mangaged to produce a successful game yet, and if you cannot produce a positive reviewed game in 8 tries?...well. Maybe you should not be making games? 4X fans of course can hope they will continue to stick with Planar Conquest and actually make it a successful game....BUT, getting it for free is the ONLY reason you should purchase this game. As it is both crippled, unfinished and abandoned in favor of it's replacement."
,Not Recommended,265970,14968064,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SLUGGER,"Here we go...Launcher crashes when you try to save settings. You can change them in game so that works.Sound is broken. Units move and the sound starts a few seconds after, this includes combat strikes.Spell Effects are substandard. I've cast several spells and they all look the same with special effects that are poor. Maybe there are other effects but I've yet to see them.Dated Graphics. 3 Years it took you to make this? You could have at least polished the characters. (minor gripe: A hero is carring two daggers you could not change it to where  the combat character has two daggers? minor, but it's the little things that count)Several definitions are missing. Click on a hero to read about them and you see a placeholder for the text. I thought this was out of early access?Interface seems...muddled? Just not put together well.Probably needs another 6 to 9 months of work from some outside people to fix these issues. This is pretty disappointing. Still seems very unfinished.This might be decent in a few months / years but the devs have the money so we'll see if they actually fix this or if they are done.Please don't waste the money on this right now. We'll see how it looks in a few months."
76561198029530354,Not Recommended,265970,15002291,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,cedr.cz,"Even as a big fan of original MoM, I am very disappointed by this game and after several hours of playing Im losing interest in it. The main reason is the WOrld Map!It is so poorly designed that you have hard time to locate armies, special locations... and all that already on the tiny map with no more than just 3-4 cities!!! The maximum zoom-out is way too close, the strategic view doesnt let you see anything strategic (just terrain, but no locations, special terrain feats, armies...) so it is useless.Being constantly lost and having hard time to locate anything of importnace on the world map is taking away all the joy from playing. This is supposed to be strategic game for the God's sake, tactical battles and the orientation on World map must be alpha and omega (btw battleground zoom-out is poor too)."
76561198076428547,Not Recommended,265970,18006127,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Shadow Fox,"=I will adapt and change this review if the problems are solved.=When I heard of a 4x game based on a d20 system I threw my money at them.  I will honestly say that I don't know how good of a game this actually is... because I cannot get passed how terrible the UI is.  Basic things like how far you can zoom out, terrible mini-map, left clicking to move rather than right clicking, no way to scroll through units.  Difficult maps where you cannot rotate, counter intuitive turn-based combat, just everything from the ground up seems to have been a poor decision and I cannot imagine that any of these would be an easy programming fix.  This is the game I have been dreaming of and I can't play more than 10 turns without the frustration overwhelming me."
,Not Recommended,265970,16441268,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,wyldebeast,"No, don't buy this game. It's not what you're looking for. We all loved MoM and we all tried our best to recapture the feel of that game by trying out all the clones; from the AoW series, Endless Legend, King Arthur you name it. None of them captured the true essence of MoM and neither does this. Had it come out 5-10 years ago, I might have accepted some of flaws of this title, but nowhere does it look and feel like a 2015 title. It's as if the developers played MoM and AoW3 and nothing else. Nothing seems to have been learned from the abundance of 4X titles that have hit the market over the last 2 decades.Pros:-The strategic overview looks good.-The game mentions MoM several times bringing fond memories back.Cons:-The sound... Argh. My Ears. It's like some sort of medieval torture.-The city screen is a mess. A huge graphic of the city? Why? I want a list with all the information so I don't have to memorize the looks of each race's buildings and their stats.-The build queue will drive you insane. I don't care about your huge MS Paint illustrations I want INFORMATION!?!?-The insanely slow build-up. While in 1994 it was ""fun"" to spend 100 turns to build up, today's 4X games actually give you something to do from the get go. This game seems to live in 1994.-The tactical overview is bland to put it mildly. The same broken tree and mini-volcano in the same spots every time.-Tactical Auto-resolve*. I had a very easy encounter kill my entire army on auto, on manual the enemy didn't even reach my army before my ranged units had killed every single of their units (even without using magic).-Tactical combat is extremely easy. Create a barrier of impassable terrain. Kill flyers/ranged units. Pretend it's a shooting gallery.-The controls are nonresponsive. Sometimes casting a spell require 1 click, other times the same spell require 7 clicks.I could go on listing annoying little things that in themselves wouldn't be gamebreaking, but when you add it all together and the only redeeming factor is a pretty strategic overview it just doesn't float.*Sure, you shouldn't ever use auto-resolve, but the tactical combat is so boring even after half an hour you'll wish you could skip it."
76561198008711966,Not Recommended,265970,14992011,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,djones,"I can live with poor graphics but crappy interface wrecks this game.  In many ways, the original is better.  At least you don't find yourself constantly moving the wrong stack.  Also, real basic things didn't work for me.  For example, the hint box close bottom was off the right of the screen for me so I couldn't close the hints.Game also seriously needs tooltips."
76561198002960736,Not Recommended,265970,14973470,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Vorpal,"This game was not ready to be released from Early Access.  There are a lot of crash to desktop bugs, even after the hotfix.  The UI is fiddly and needs a lot of work.I think there's a really cool game in there under the problems, but it needs a good deal more polish."
76561197983139797,Recommended,265970,12068281,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Flakmagnet,"Finally a game that holds true to the classic Master of Magic! The game is fun! Alot of different spells in the game already. It is nice to see that the designers are listening to the feedback and input from the gamers. This is still an early release beta and a lot still needs to be added and tweaked, but I am very excited by what I see so far! I eagerly anticipate every update while I enjoy and test the game. By the time the game is finalized I feel this will be one of the best stategy games out there, definetly a modern version of Master Of Magic.  Jump aboard give it a try and have some classic fun!Now that the game has been offically released I wanted to comment again. I still highly recommend this game!! It takes the best from Master of Magic and updates it and bring it to today. The custom wizards, spell circles, city building, artifact creation, mutiple worlds, tactical combat and massive amounts of magic spells and so on. Each race plays uniquely. The game as it stands now is fun and challenging to play. Is it not perfect, no not even close, there are small errors and bugs in there currently, but those that remember Master of Magic it was very buggy and in need of several patches when it first came out, before it was good, and never had brilliant cutting edge graphics, but after being patched was a very good strategy game. The graphics in Worlds of Magic looks nice, but not the most brilliant and cutting edge. Beatuiful graphics, while nice to look at is not what makes a great strategy game, brillianttly great game mechanics does and I beleive this game has that at its core, not perfect yet but will get there.....soon.As for support from the developers, in my 25+ years of computer game playing I have not seen anybody from any other game, including Master of Magic be more supportive, open to listen it's customers it terms of development and communacation more than the team that has brought us Worlds of Magic. This game will be supported by the developers, patched, fixed, tweaked, improved and expanded I firmly beleive that.This game is a true modern Master of Magic and has the potentional of becoming a true classic years from now. I still have the original Master of Magic, right now today I rather load up and play Worlds of Magic.Give Worlds of Magic a try, I recommened it , in the long run you will not be let down.....just like when Master of Magic came out."
76561198052980682,Not Recommended,265970,14980861,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Calivan,"The game flags ""Co-Op"" and ""Local Co-Op"", plus ""Multiplayer"". This is highly misleading, the game is multiplayer if you want to share your desktop. There is NO network capability.  Local Co-Op indicates a possibility of shared environment.DO NOT BUY if you are looking to play with friends."
76561197980292794,Not Recommended,265970,33043055,Posted: 30 June,all,Sword_of_Light,"This game is OK.  It is decidedly not worth its full price, however.  Its a poor clone of Age of Wonders, with some old Civ thrown in.  The UI is clunky, hard to read (am I loosing 3.5 gold or 35?), and leads to unfortunate mistakes like marching all a city's units out, rather than a single one.  It is also not without serious bugs, despite being a few years old - I had to quit to desktop because the UI forgot it could be clicked on, and wouldnt advance a turn.So, you're bored with all your other X4 grand strategy games, and this is on sale for 5 bucks?  Sure.  Just dont bother any other time - I really wish Steam had a Meh rating.Oh, and Steam Achievement spam - you get about a dozen achievements doing the tutorial....ehhh, I'm gonna downvote this...."
76561198007117942,Recommended,265970,15890615,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,schoem,I enjoy Worlds of Magic. In time this could become a classicPros- It captures the spirit of MOM quite well- The differences in units from different factions are significant.- Magic feels powerful. Specifically spellcasters pack a punch- The cost benefit of big units being powerful vs smaller units not becoming useless is well handled.-  The developers are involved and are still adding a lot of contentCons- Visibility of dungeons etc could be better- Some old features of MOM could have been skipped e.g. building roads piece by piece adds nothing to the game. Why not have roads automatically spread towards other cities depending on city size. For example between two huge cities a highway and dirt road or nothing between small outlying cities?- Some bugs around and sometimes a patch introduces a new bug - maybe release date should have been delayed?Suggestions- a WeGO system somewhere in the future?All in all a great effort which could become excellent. Well done developers.
76561198018783650,Recommended,265970,12105004,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Nortain,"Potentally a great game with a chance to stand up to it's predecessor but at the time of this writting the game isn't playable at least not in a beta status capacity.  Making it 100 turns into the game is rare without some kind of crash happening which results in having to close the game, mostly with ctl-alt-del.  The abundance of bugs and errors make the game very frustrating and utlmately near unplayable for a consumer perspective but by getting it now you get to help provide the kind of feedback developers need to help make the game great.  If you enjoy early content and helping potentally shape a game get it now, otherwise wait 3-6 months and see where it is then."
76561198062833224,Not Recommended,265970,22786194,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Oneeyed,"Don't Buy This Game!Worlds of Magic is a game which claims to be a spiritual successor to Master of Magic. But the Truth is: It is just a money grab. Wasteland Interactive made this game but the trademark of it is owned by Wasteland Interactive and Lucid Dreamers Development.Lucid Dreamers Development made a game called ""Empires of Sorcery"" in 2012 which also claimed to be a spiritual successor to Master of Magic but never got finished.Worlds of Magic never got finished too. The game is just a buggy mess and you cannot finish the game because of a mix of crashes, bugs and terrible AI. Things they have promised countless times. But they never did.Instead they are making now the third iteration of the same game. The new name is Planar Conquest. And it is released for android.So don't hope they fix this game. Instead just save your money and buy something else. The game is not even worth only 10 % of the price."
76561197985722163,Recommended,265970,12092558,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,[NTF] TacticalNuance,"Recommended.. but not yet. At the present stage mid September, there are lots of bugs which make getting through a game quite difficult. The team look committed and the product actually looks great - but don't buy yet unless reporting bugs is something you want to be doing. I know these reviews often dont reflect current builds so I am still Recommending it in the belief that this is going to be a good game when it is more fine tuned."
,Not Recommended,265970,14559771,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[A]drian,"Having tried the current versions of the game I sadly would warn anyone against going for this game. It's far from ready, visually very difficult to digest, and extremely bugged.I was hoping for what would effectively be a MoM clone but this game has taken upon itself to add and tweak the original concept and in doing so has removed much of what was appealing in the original.I would suggest holding off on this game to see if the game becomes playable and more polished in the latter half of this year."
,Not Recommended,265970,19637557,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Imz,"Yeah, can't recommend this with a good conscience to anyone.I bought it on a whim as I absolutely loved the original MoM. I really, really wanted to to like this game. But nothing in it is quite right and most parts are complitely unfinished. It needed at least one more year in production before launch.Prospective buyer: Take a look at other reviews. This game is just not worth it. Maybe in a year, if they keep patching (read: actuall finishing the product) at the pace that they are going."
76561197995949116,Recommended,265970,16052913,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,daniel.j.silvia,"I had a hard time deciding between a “Yes I recommend this game, but…” and a “No, I don’t recommend this game, but…” opening to this review. After some reflection, I opted for a “Yes” since the amount of fun I had in 15 hours of play did outweigh if only by a narrow margin the frustration.On the up side, I’m really glad someone finally made a serious attempt to update Simtex’s wonderful 1994 game, Master of Magic. On the down side, I wish they hadn’t done it so scrupulously as to imitate the bugginess that came with the original MoM release back in ’94. It was a hair-pulling disaster 21 years ago until the version 1.3 patch. A bad game with bugs puts you out of its misery pretty quickly as you move on. A good game with freezes, crashes and aggravations like roll-over pop-ups that only work sometimes is a torment that’s hard to escape.Other reviewers have already accurately detailed both the good and the bad of this game. Based on the reviews, I held off buying until there was a price reduction. I hoped most of the negative stuff would turn out to be idiosyncratic and related either to the reviewer’s temperament or their rig. Mostly it’s not. But the good stuff is also there. It’s got enough of the MoM ethos to please devotees of the Simtex masterpiece. Even a non-MoM fantasy-based 4X fan will find much to like.  I’ve played lots of Age of Wonders III, Fallen Enchantress, Endless Legend and Warlock.  World of Magic is in their league albeit dragged to the bottom of the table by its flaws.If the devs ever debug it, this game will be a first-class fantasy-based 4X game. Even in its current state there’s lots of fun to be had especially for fans of MoM as long as you can handle things like a game freezing just as you win a titanic battle on the tactical map or losing a saved game that you’ve invested considerable time into without needing to down some Xanax."
,Not Recommended,265970,15011182,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,kexler,"I want to like this game, but it's pretty broken at release.  It is only slightly better than the last time I played the beta last month. They have an opprotunity to be the successor to Masters of Magic, but I feel they're not close to being there yet.My current observations of frustrations:AI on Adept shouldn't be steamrolling cities so early.Constantly crashing after battles conclude and at random.UI needs more shortcut keys.  Example: I shouldn't have to mouse click ""wait"" on an army."
,Not Recommended,265970,16759168,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Chakat Sneakpaw,"I wa looking forward to playing this game with some friends, only to find out that the multiplayer-mode is just a bit more formalized form of play-by-email. Players take their turns each after the other. While other players are taking their turns you are kicked out of the game into the multiplayer lobby. There you have to wait for your turn without any auto-refresh or notification that it is actually your turn.Maybe it's my fault for not checking better, but I did not expect a multiplayer-mode that was state-of-the-art two decades ago."
76561197960449762,Not Recommended,265970,15962463,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,par,"This is wonderfully similar to Master of Magic, one of the best Civ-style games of all time. It's well thought out and looks great. They also decided to support Linux, which I find very considerate. It was well worth my money to support that.I see crashing to desktop every few turns, however, so playing for a session might involve say 50 restarts before getting bored and wandering off to make coffee. At least half of my crashes seem to be unpredictably happening after I order a retreat on the world map.Given that, I can't recommend it to others yet. Hopefully the future will bring improvements in stability."
,Recommended,265970,12072406,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Kafene,"Definitely ""Early Access"", you'll almost certainly encounter bugs, but the dev team is being incredibly responsive fixing these issues and there's a ton of promise here.MoM is one of my favorite games of all time and this feels like the first true spiritual successor among many other attempts by other companies.I'm excited for the promise WoM holds."
76561197985581695,Not Recommended,265970,17223114,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Jov,"This game is a self-proclaimed successor to Master of Magic, but in the end it falls well short of the goal.Initial setup was promising. Wizard selection/creation gave me hope, there were traits and various schools of magic to fiddle with. The mixed school selection was a nice touch. You can choose to go deep in fire, for example, and you pick up all sorts of fire-related spells from different disciplines. Or you could be a specialist in the summoning discipline that gets access to a variety of summons from the different elements. Planes? Not just Myrror here, but fire, water, shadow, and many more. Maybe too many if you enabled them all, but I liked the option.Graphics are poor for a current release, especially on the city screen and world map. The world map in particular is a complete mess. Is that plot grassland, swamp, or something else? Couldn't tell you just by looking. Mountains have a strange, flat-topped appearance. Does terrain even matter? In addition to the low graphics quality, the city screen is non-intuitive, some areas you think should be clickable aren't, and some areas you must click are not in the place I would have thought.The interface needs a lot of work. Strange combinations of right and left click options left me sometimes moving units across the map when I wanted to just select a stack. The menu on the lower right could be better explained. I didn't get a good feel for tactical combat since I rarely had opportunities for conflict in the games I played. The choice of some form of the d20 system seems tacked on and irrelevant.Sounds are adequate. Nothing stood out, but I didn't have and jarring, out of place sounds either.As an early access backer, I didn't really feel that feedback was acted on. I saw very little difference between the early access builds and the released product. The feeling I got was of an operation running out of time and/or money and shipping an incomplete product, unfortunately not an uncommon story these days. Yet one more disappointment, and reason to be hesitant of early access titles."
76561198008051414,Not Recommended,265970,14974986,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Marshael,"I really want to like this game, but alas I cannot reccomend it.  The release proved to be rocky and uninspired; there was very little new content and the game crashed on combat.  When you have to hot patch your game on release day just so its playable you have problems.  This game has good ideas but the execution is horrible.  As it stands now the game crashes every 20 turns or so, CTD and in game freezes.  I would stay away from this game for another few months until they can iron out some of the problems.  They were warned by the EA players that March 19th was to early to release the game, but alas they did not listen, yet another game dev releasing an unfinished game and asking full price."
76561198035688552,Recommended,265970,12087042,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,johnsfun,"Understanding that this game is in beta I will make these comments. First off, this game is a present day version of Master of Magic with the bells and whistes that have evolved over the last 20 years that in games like this to make them better. I loved MoM and played it for years and could even win on impossible with my level 4 slingers. This game has promise BUT they need to allow auto combat once you're in manual combat. The A.I. is too weak to play for you and once you jump in on manual and cast a few spells and shoot a few arrows, you need to be able to move on quickly and you can't. This needs to be solved if you want to keep people playing. The graphics are a little weak for the price but there are a lot of micro elements that will allow for continued enjoyable play for a long long time. I'm sure the price will drop but I bought it at $40 because we need to support the makers of this type of game because they are really fun."
,Recommended,265970,13744403,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ekdikos,"[TL;DR version]:if you really liked Master of Magic, get and play this game NOW - it will be a joy to watch the game grow and add polish as it continues to hone in on its goals, even through save breaking updates. And it is already a blast to play so far.If you are a fan of 4x games, age of wonders series, civ games or the like, take the time to read up and seriously consider getting this game soon, either to play it or just put it on the backburner while offering Wastelands Interactive some early support.If you are looking for a multiplayer version of MoM... Then, well, wait a bit (unless hotseat is acceptable to you). Actually I'm STILL going to say buy it now and just put it on the backburner... Despite many crestfallen moments of failed and derailed early access games, I have high hopes and real faith this game will reach its goals. If you want it, support it![/tl;dr version]OK, my game time has been severely curtailed recently, but I couldn't resist getting World of Magic... MoM was and is one of my all time favorite games. As a matter of fact, I purchased MoM off Good old Games, and it is installed on all my computers, all the time, even if I only go through a scenario every month or three. Nobody really wants to think of themselves as a fanboy, but when it comes to myself and MoM, I wonder sometimes...Despite my little time playing, I've played quite a few games -mostly right now just custom creation, consolidation and ""turn, turn, turn"" to see progressions, spell loadouts, and familiarizing myself with the races... (Protip: change autosave option to a timed autosave instead of X number of turns if you like to spam the turn button on occasion)So, how does World of Magic stack up in comparison? Well, that is the subject of just about every review on here, so I'll just leave it at ""YES!""  ""Yay!"" and ""Finally!"" Even at this early, incomplete stage I'm feeling the draw and asking myself why I'm using my limited time writing this review instead of playing the game :) - I absolutely cannot wait for multiplayer; its all over after that.Despite the generally bad form of including a GOTO statement, well, anywhere, I most adamantly second En_Ma's review and comments- especially the advice to offer a small demo version, though as pretty much all these reviews seem to imply, you could almost consider Master of Magic a litmus for how you'll feel about World of Magic.Some specific things which deserve mention, even if some are repetition:+many Myrrors? awesome! each unique and ""myrroring"" spheres of magic, this promises some seriously epic games -though perhaps wait until the odds of a save-breaking update lessen before embarking. But thats OK, because you can enable or disable each or all as you desire. Surely, multiplayer will NEED a save and continue later feature!+already a diverse and interesting set of spells. Example: Earth's Embrace, which offers defense bonus but immobilizes your unit. Also, obviously, a lot of the classics -including one of my favorites: Chaos Channels (though it isn't called that anymore)+an already enjoyable list of mundane and summoned units. I hope to see the list grow a lot+++many other positives repeated too many times for my lazy butt to bother with.- despite the lush and beautiful main map, it feels crowded to me (protip: 'n' sets the view to overhead. Much better, and more MoM-like!)- battle map is still somewhat annoyingly limited (definitely avoid battles taking place in your walled cities unless you like hide and seek with half your army ""Where's the 'Ollie Ollie in come free' spell?!"")- Of course, unfinished... heroes have no unique portraits yet, tooltips and information is lacking in many places, etc.+/- Every game I've played so far, neutral armies (some rather robust) wander aimlessly around my cities, growing in numbers until some kind of MERSA message shoots across their collective AI brains and they all descend more or less simultaneously -I've had consecutive battles sometimes almost twenty turns in a row with them flooding in even out of the shroud of war during these little mini adventures. This has varied from fun to depressing to downright comical, but I'm not sure if that is appropriate behavior for independent factions, haha. And to be fair, this could be partly the result of my current, somewhat consistent, turtling and rapid turn playstyle.All told, I am a very happy gamer... If you read all this, thanks for taking the time, and I hope I helped you decide to get this game!"
76561198013246037,Recommended,265970,12689313,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Dr. Feelgood,"I was a huge Master of Magic (MOM) fan, and played that game perhaps more hours than any other over my lifetime.I've been hoping for a sequel for over a decade, and especially anticipate some multiplayer games.This game is coming along pretty well. It is quite similar to MOM, but it has some major differences.1. The spell book selection is way different, you will have to look at the wiki or the game to see how. This influences how spells are ranked and obtained.2. There are currenly 4 planes instead of 2.3. Making artifacts is now seperate from casting overland spells, therefore you can do both at the same time.4. They have made the units attributes more complicated than they previously were. This is something I don't like. Perhaps MOM oversimplified the display of the unit attributes (hit points, strength, etc...), but the current display is too damn comlex.There are lots of minor differences of course, but these are the big three in my opinion. Otherwise, the mechanics, units, spells, wizards, cities, races, units, etc are very similar.As far as the present version goes, it is pretty fun. It's prerelease so expect bugginess. I'm not crazy about graphics so I'd probably enjoy playing MOM more than this game right now just cause it's so damn good. This game has a ton of potential since it is mostly copying one of the greatest games I've ever played, but it's far from a finished product. I will continue to play it mostly because it reminds me of my good times playing MOM in the past, and because I want to help create an awesome game in the end. If you weren't big into MOM, or aren't interested in a half-finished product than I would wait for the release."
76561198031169814,Not Recommended,265970,14984427,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Hercron,"As it stands now this game is not for a beginner.  I found gold to be very hard to come by.  Also being a old Masters of magic player made by microprose long ago,  I found there clams of being like MOM a bit disharding.  I might have like it a bit better had they not made that comparision.  I found the graphics to be danted at best.  This is 2015 after all.  I did like the gateway to differant worlds thing going on here.  It felt a tad like warlock 2 in that sense.   I would recommend you look at youtube play thrus and reviews before investing in this one.  As it stands now I just not feeeling it"
76561198034848107,Not Recommended,265970,24201069,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,rephlexx,"i spent great many hours with this game. that means something must be good about it, right? well, there is. the familiarity of master of magic. but apart from that, what kept me at it was some kind of ""hope"" that they will fix the game for good.yet, the game after god knows how many rounds of correction and community feedback, still crashes a lot, still missing some descriptions and suffer from bad ai and cluncky interface.now when i  look back, and think about how many much better, much more refined fantasy 4x games we have seen in the recent years, this was a complete waste of my valuable time.thanks but no thanks, developers"
76561197990799566,Not Recommended,265970,15004599,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Clamato,lots of bugs... I cannot save setting on starting screen ...  I cannot load saves ... loading stop at 64% and then stay 5+ mins without any progress ( save after 10-15 turns) . I like game master of magic but current game now is not playable (bugs)  may be later ...
,Recommended,265970,13056300,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,jeffstuff,"Please note that this is a review of the beta approximately four months before the release (according to the devs but games slip sometime so this is just a guess).I was going to load up MoM again one night and decided to look around to see if anyone had come up with a compelling replacement (and there have been a number of attempts). Lo and behold I found this kickstarter and saw that it was being offered on Steam. I headed over, took a look and bought the game on the spot. I've now played it for around a hundred hours and I'm addicted. This game really is the true successor, unabashedly so, to MoM. In almost every way that I can see so far they have improved upon the original and made it the game it could have been (granted MoM was a long time ago so they've definitely used the improved capabilities to great advantage).So how does it compare to Mom?Well, it outshines the original and it's still, as of this writing, probably four months away from release. The graphics are better, the map is larger, the spell tree is larger and more flexible, you can have more than 9 units stacked now (I've had as many as 19 units) and the battles can be huge. You can also have more one plane or more than one plane (up to four or five currently, can't remember off the top of my head) which you can choose. All in all they took the spirit of MoM and added to it.As this is an early review there are still things to add and I don't think the end game is in there yet so I can't comment on it (i.e. I don't know if the only way to win is to beat all of the other sourcerers through conquest or cast a ""Spell of Majesty"" which isn't in the game - yet).Are there areas where it doesn't stack up? In two words - unqualified NO.Most of the information about the game can be gleaned from the wiki page that Wastelands Interactive set up for it (which can be found here:http://wastelands-interactive.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=Main_Page).The development team is the most responsive I've ever seen in a pre-release scenario. I noted on the discussion boards just last week that I found a showstopping bug in a new release, reported it to the devs with a save game and a new patch was released five hours later - on a friday of all things.Performance improvements continue to be made every week it seems. When I first started, playing with two planes and three opponents took forever for each move (i.e. go get coffee and come back even at the beginning). The last game that I played (yesterday), well, I got to move 1,066 in the same scenario and it only took me about six hours in total. I expect the game to get faster still.Boats still aren't in the current version so you need the water walking or flight spell to get over water so I can't review that.The simplest way to say this is that if you liked MoM, you'll love WoM. It's an addicting game and being that you can save every turn and shut down it makes for a great time filler. If you haven't bought it yet, do it. Wastelands Interactive is doing it right."
76561198030773396,Not Recommended,265970,18720879,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,stripe7,"Got both this game and Warlock-Master of the Arcane at the same time. Master of the Arcane has a good interface is easy to play but lacks depth. Worlds of Magic has depth but the interface is so clunky that it cripples the play experince. It does not allow you to pick a unit by clicking on it, like every other game out there. Instead it has a pre-selected unit that you will move no matter what you do. The only way to toggle between units is to use the arrows on the unit selector. I have sent my units everywhere but where I want them to go. If not for this I would play the game more and give it a better chance. However this so bollixes up my games that I have given up, sad to say. This game has loads of potential in terms of replayability, sadly all I get is repeated frustration."
76561197995827407,Not Recommended,265970,19658634,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Stuff0815,"I own this game long time now. A lot of updates and patches later I did try it now again.And I dislike it.Why?Graphics are terrible, gameplay is terrible, music is terrible. ""Jokes"" are strange. Skeleton archers using their heads as ball...Maybe the worlds are too far from a master. But the old Master of Magic is still more fun, and the graphics more enjoyable.It is like you buy a new car, but get 20 year old engine and stuff.When I bought I thought the patches might get it to a nice game. But it was only my hope, and now I no more think any more patches can still make it the game I was hoping for.."
76561197997793567,Not Recommended,265970,14975683,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Cordell,"+Yay someone finally remade Master of Magic!+Lots of spells!-Lots of missing sounds-interface is odd-nothing in the way of a tutorial except pop up boxes, new players may be somewhat totally lost.-Does not hold up well to games like AOW3, Endless Legend, and even Legendary heroes.-Odd pacing, seems like luck plays a huge part in starting exploration, sometimes you get no structures  you can explore until you have advanced units/spells.This game is very raw on release day, needs a few more months in the oven.  While I'm glad that somebody has remade Master of Magic, that game is very old, suffers from a lack of  evolution with 4x games over the last decade.  Having remade the original game is fine, but adding nothing but updated graphics may not hold up in the long run.  Maybe with time this game will have a chance, I'm certainly rooting for it."
76561198004311298,Not Recommended,265970,17897368,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Miradus,"This is one of the ones I wish I hadn't bought. The interface is really clunky. The city and unit graphics are okay but the world map is the most hideous thing I've ever seen. If they'd just stolen CIV 2 world graphics it would have been vastly superior.I know what they were trying to accomplish and the words ""spiritual successor to Master of Magic"" will almost always suck money out of my wallet, but they failed miserably. Everything mostly works but at the end of the day the game is just not fun."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,265970,15636896,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"Not very good im afraid.Was released in a unfinished format, updates will break your saves, missing sounds, poor animations, terrible combat etc, bad controls, should be in EA still.This was released  early leaving most of us stunned, just check the forums for how bad this game is.At the price it is just pure and simply unforgiveable, worth somthing like 4.99 in this condition.Strongly advise you stay away, the money could get you Endless Legend or AOW3 etc, most 4x are miles above this game, it is just a complete mess i dont think theyll ever be able to fix.They have told us for months sound will be added, its all lies same old story over and over."
,Recommended,265970,12075348,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Redhotviking,"A Brilliant Spiritual Successor to Master of Magic.After release I sat down and played this game, it strikes me as a much slower game than Master of Magic was. The Races are very VERY Unbalanced if I do say so myself.My suggestion for new players is to use Grey Elves as your first race, their first unit the Archers only require food as upkeep cost and it will make things a ton easier, as you get more comfortable with how the game works you can go on to try the more challenging races.My Favoritt Races are: Grey Elves, High Men, Draconic, Orcs and last but not least the Unhallowed.The Living races are not to different from one another, but some races are much slower in terms of growth while others are much quicker. Orcs are one of the faster races, giving you the ability to build cities and have decent defenses pretty early, while Grey Elves and Dragonic are much slower making it a rather tedious waiting preiod to get a proper population to make the buildings you need and give you the income of gold you require to afford a superior army. Overall I prefer Earth Magic over the other magic forms, it has a steady supply of City improvement spells like Food and Production bonus, while also having the near cheat Acid Arrow spell, acid arrow can decemate a troop before they even reach your army, and with grey elves archers picking at the attacking army it is even deadlier. The Grey elf second starting unit the Druid has this spell and can cast it twice before running out of mana, making them very nice unit to have in the start.In addition to these very potent spells, you also get the Slime Elemental, a rather beefy unit that can stand in the way of several ground units, again giving your archers time to make them into swiss cheese.As for Orcs: they lack ranged attacks and that makes them inferior when facing flying enemies like dragonic, but many of their melee fighters have throwing axes making them able to attack the flying units in melee, but at a severly reduced damage output. However where the Orcs really shine is in ground troops with great armor and damage, and throwing axes works as a ""First Strike"" attack making them deal even more damage to ground melee units. Their spell casters are severly lacking but the one they do have is a decent addition to an orc army.The Dragonics: They have less units per squad in their army, this is to pay for their overall superior stats and flying. They have more health per unit in a squad and if leveled up a bit they can really cause problems. The Great thing with every unit being able to fly is the Overworld movement speed as all terrain are easily travled, Also facing walls are really not an issue and ground troops of most races are standing there looking pretty silly, which makes the Javilineers of the Dragonic race a very delicious little troop. As they have ranged and flying they can easily move towards the enemy and start filling them with holes. The Javilineer has the drawback of reduced accuracy and range compeared to other ranged units, but since they stand safe only a few hexes away from an enemy unit it matters very little.As for the Unhallowed the fact that the race do not like gold or have any effect of unrest you can take the penalties when making your Archmage: Like Astetic which is a penalty to amount gold you can hoard and Tyrant which greatly affects the amount of unrest if you were playing a Living Race. However to quicken building it uses the population of the city, and the negative energy is used for buildings and units. Also Heroes are not possible to have, or at least I have yet to acquire one during my Unhallowed plays. Unhallowed lack of unrest and simplified mechanics are pretty great, however if you play the race you start on the shadow plane if you have made the plane possible to travel too, this has benefits and drawbacks. The benefits is that you will have a lot of Negative Energy Resource tiles to use, you do not need to corrupt the land before building new cities but the drawback is that you are facing undeads and only them. If you are like me and enjoy being all dark and sinister when playing an evil race, you end up having Mastery of Death and 9 ranks in death magic, I strongly advice to take Combat Magic Circle for the access to Disrupt undead, taking life seems well ""Wrong"". But Disrupt undead will greatly aid you when fighting other undeads, a second element some undeads are weak towards is fire, and having flaming weapon spell will work wonders to your units. Death magic has a very nice summon: the Skeleton for 20 mana and no upkeep you get a very weak but cheap unit to not only move around the map so that you can conqure cities with ease. Skeletons have the piercing resistance and the first unit of the Unhallowed are a Skeleton Archer, this makes the Skeleton summoned able to withstand the damage the skeleton archer does with ranged attacks, giving you the chance to use the spells to win. In my opinion: do not rush often with the Unhallowed, as the drop in population might bite you in the behind later, but there are some exceptions: Shrine, Temple and Patheon are VERY powerful buildings for the Unhallowed. Not only do they give you a Mana Power income they also improve the acquistion of Negative Energy, affects the population growth somewhat (because of this) they also have no upkeep. I often choose to Rush Temple and Patheon because the amount of population i ""lose"" is still recovered faster with building housing than the actual building, but for the duration I have lost population it affects Negative Energy and Power Income so it is still not the best idea, only if you can ""Afford"" it.Overall this is a great tactical game for those that enjoy such games and well worth the money."
76561197961347835,Not Recommended,265970,21632120,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Spudzi-1-eye,"WoM has a great 2d landscape and map generator for multiple worlds.(the world map is flat with something of a hill tile- no elevations)That is about it.The unit and hero leveling is pretty standard D20 roll playing style. There are ""lots"" of magic spells that simply do not function and cause many end of turn crashing.If you summon a creature and its the only survivor, the main map display begins to loose focus on next unit locations - save a restart to fix that.There are no tactical level/combat field graphics either.  Create a non-passable barrier, a field of ground spikes, clouds of brimstone, lighting or ice- no tactical display for persistent spells - yeah you can walk into them too.Spells that are to ""bless"" your troops - causes your high level heroes and half of your troops to die at the end of the battle.  Whoot some ""Blessing""!!I emailed over 15 combat level spells that cause crashes and game ending bugs (the big ""bugs"" that need to be addressed)... no response. I guess its not important to let the few who understand ""early release"" means dialog with the players who are trying to help fix issues. ""But Wait..."",  and wait and wait - nope no patch yet....There are so many bugs in this game I think they added a bug race as a tongue and cheek joke!BTW: If you like constant never ending crunching sounds that can cause a headache that can compete with a screaming infant after playing 15 minutes, just let loose your bug engineers to build roads that even the moving AI will ignore as the best routes to go down.Don't buy this work of art. Search ""Scam"" for free."
76561197992202853,Recommended,265970,12104839,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,legalis,"Worlds of Magic has the same feel as MoM. MoM was the first game I ever bought and I still play it on DOSbox. After a few plays, thei game is almost as addictive. You can see that is still in development though as many faults occur ie interacting with dens and caves doenst work. Errors occur where you dont get exp when winning a battle. But once polished, this is going to be a brilliant remake"
76561197995362208,Not Recommended,265970,21654183,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bleaktea,"This was a very ambitious game that never quite lived up to its potential. A Master of Magic revival with d20 rules under the hood? Sure, let's give it a shot.  Lots of spells, customizable wizards, and a plane of air with floating islands?  Let me get my wallet.Unfortunately it's buggy, slow-paced, the UI is a mess and the overland map is a jumbled eyesore.  It's not unplayable but it's also not... fun. I'm glad they tried, but I regret allowing my nostalgia to overpower my common sense long enough to buy this.  There isn't really a game here, just a monument to failed ambition."
76561198017531922,Recommended,265970,14941776,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,arnold,"I love the game. I have seen massive improvements over the past several months and would recommend to anyone looking for a good fantasy 4X. I don't think it is polished yet, but it has not stopped me from playing. It is enjoyable.Things I like - ease of building. Food and gold system. Simple system to learn. Combat is fun and what you do matters. Make up of your armies makes a difference. Different spells, and the depth of the spells. Difficulty of some of the creatures. (Drakes). Satisfaction after killing said creatures. leveling systemThings I think could be improved. Druids seem overpowered. Clicking a unit while you have one selected is not intuitive, it sends the original unit to the spot of the new unit. Needs some way to easily select new units. Cant see units well on strategic map ( I know rthey are there but they do not show what faction controls them).  Roads need to have a greater impact. Engineers are not that useful otherwise. These are what I can think of."
76561198020395175,Recommended,265970,14846011,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,bvlarson,"Excellent start.Anyone buying this in Beta, please remember it's beta, meaning it's not finished yet. (Always a danger for a company to market a beta product, but sometimes budgets demand it). All that said, I have to review the product as it is, with some extrapolation as to what it probably will become.I'm a lifer in this 4x genre, having played just about everything in it for 20+ years. Fantasy 4x is rare, and my favorite. So, how does this game stack up against MoM (the classic)? I'd say it's off to a good start.Good:-Very MoM-like, with updated graphics and a similar interface. Possibly, it's a littletoo similar, but I like the squares and the randomness of the worlds, etc... Let's be honest, I love them!-Lots of classic fantasy races (I HATE made up races, or ""six flavors of humans"" games. Give me an Elf and a Dwarf, dammit).- You build your own faction/Wizard. Variety and strategy right from the ""New Game"" screen.-Create your own items, unit experience, construct your empire city-by-city, tactical combat maps with full control, etc.Maybe just because its Beta:-The interface feels rough in spots, but I'm fairly sure that this will be improved. As it is, you might be put off at first until you get used to it. Give it 5+ hours before giving up.-The AI is a little weak, but they're working on that.-There are bugs, but it has yet to crash on me.-Right now, it is a cpu hog. Runs fine on my gaming rig, but not on my notebook (which is an I7 with a vid card).-No real diplomacy yet.The Bad:-The screen feels crowded with stuff. Makes it difficult to read the map especially when a new player is starting out. Possibly some of the 3-d Icons will be reduced in size so they don't stack up into a junkyard-blur in the future.-The biggest area where it differs from MoM is a critical one: tactical combat resolution. The map and movement, etc, is the same, but when you attack it figures out what happens differently. They went with a D&D clone D20 system, where you have reflex saves and the like. The main problem I see with it is the increased variation of results. Sometimes, a settler will crit and kick your swordsman azz. I would suggest they go thru and tighten the dice rolls, making it 3D6+7, maybe, instead of 5D6 damage. Could even be an option. Also, crits should probably do +50% instead of 2x damage. This matters because things like enchantment spell bonuses are unbalanced in relative value if you can just ""get lucky"" also, it's annoying to have reload and replay battles due to crits. Could be an option to disable crits (that would take like 10 minutes of programming time).Overall, I have high hopes. Modding options might help some balance issues, such as the value of various spells, etc. The AI is often a weak spot in 4x games, I'm hoping they'll give it a few more IQ points before release."
76561198157484182,Not Recommended,265970,17430801,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,efandy,"It pretends to restore the feel of the Master of Magic, but it does not. It's boring from the very start. I've spent more then two hours from debut just pressing ""end of turn"" and sometimes moving units - well, nothing happens in the gameworld. Also the controls are counterintuitive in both modes; no keyboard hotkeys or unit moves and, finally, horrible text font: on my typical 15"" 1366x768 display I wasn't able to read half of the words in the hints."
,Not Recommended,265970,16651633,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,激辛,"I really tried to like this game.  The races need some major balancing.  Some are very weak and some are very powerful.  The bugs are frequent, some are minor.  Some of them get you stuck in combat during enemy turn where you can't even hit the menu to autoresolve or do anything forcing you to shut down game and go to an autosave.The classic Master of Magic action is back.  I really like how most all of the mechanics are the same and the worlds are varied.  The UI makes everything horrendous and as such make it difficult to locate resources, things to explore or such.  There could be more of in-game help, i'm not new to master of magic or 4x games but some things I find such as how to capture nodes when the magic spirit in the spell book just lists as a scout?  Or what to capture a certain outpost | ruins or when to make a town on top of it to get extra benefits.Overall, I bought this game on sale and I have faith over time it will get better.  For right now I can't recommend buying it over just purchasing master of magic or find it abandonware."
,Not Recommended,265970,15936605,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,balragh,"I have been following this game for a long time and with the recent 40% off finally could not resist any longer. Good thing I waited until it was at a discount as even the 20 odd Euro were too much for such an unfinished game.Points I noticed after giving it a try for a couple of hours (apparently the offline mode does not count towards the counter in steam...)- does not seem to work well with high resolutions. I am playing on a surface 3 pro and the fullscreen does not work - the edge of the screen is cutoff. I have to play it in window mode.- The world map is completely overloaded, you cannot really see what is going on- I have tried to cast spells on the world map (like fertile soil) but after my mana is gone nothing happens- time between turns is WAY too long. This is 2015, how can it take multiple seconds from turn one to turn two?- Balance is off. most of the stuff close to my starting city is way out of my league. Where are the zombies and skeletons of the original?- Threat meter seems to be off too. I fought against some elven mages and the threat level ""very high"" but I could defeat them without even having to cast a spell- interface is not very intuitive, selecting an army and moving it around results in frequent missclicksI think I will install the original in a dosbox and have fun dominating the world with my paladins once more. Maybe they have fixed the current issues with speed and resolution in a couple of weeks. At the moment at least for me it is just not fun to play."
76561198021802609,Recommended,265970,14210653,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,jadreil2003,"Not bad for a game still in development!  Fun to play and very challenging.  I started several games before I got the hang of it well enough to play a serious game.  Still haven't explored all of the planes.  This will be a large scale game when completed.Needs a few tweaks.  The buildings and units need to take less time to build.  I won the game with lots of low level units because it was taking too long to build the structures that allowed more advanced units to be created.  There needs to be better unit balance (Werewolves are way to hard to kill.) The roving independent units can be a nuisance, but they do add more challenge to the game.  Looking forward to more races, and a tool to design the look of created sorcerers rather than the limited pictures included in this release. Finally, it needs a manual or online reference tool in addition to the tutorial hints.If you like 4x games and are willing to accept the fact that the game is still in the oven, you may enjoy it."
76561198130898038,Recommended,265970,15052290,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,bretz2014,Good game. Reminds me of MoM in many ways. Wish the publishers could of given a lttle more time till release but definetly playable now. 4/5 stars
,Recommended,265970,14362459,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,han_han,"For years, I've waited for a Master of Magic remake.  Sometimes, I fire up the old DOSBox and give it a go just because it was that good.  However, it's easy to see that while the gameplay of the old MoM game is still great, the graphics and engine are very dated.Thus, Worlds of Magic was created.  Worlds of Magic can be thought of as MoM v2.0 as it takes almost all of what we liked in MoM and re-imagined it in a modern setting with better graphics and more intricate spells/AI.  There is a lot of depth to this game, and it definitely does a good job setting itself apart from other 4X's out there.  I've played Warlock and Warlock 2 as well, but so far I have my hopes set on this game to finally resurrect the spirit of MoM from the ashes.In it's current state, there are plenty of bugs and glitches.  However, the developers are actively working to fix them and are releasing new builds extremely often.  I will say that this game is certainly still in development, but I was satisfied with what I've gotten so far for the price tag.  I can't wait until the game is finished."
76561198027301935,Recommended,265970,15279910,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,palladin9479,"I was a huge fan of the original Masters of Magic when I was a highschool student. I would start a game and spend eight to twelve hours on a Saturday playing only to continue that same game for another week or three spending several hours per day.  Playing different configurations, races and strategies lended an incredible amount of replayability that eventually lead me to buy a copy of Masters of Magic off GoG to keep it around for a rainy day.Worlds of Magic is a faithful successor to Masters of Magic.  It has much the same feel and elements and further expands on those elements to produce a unique and extremely pleasurable 4X experience.  I played through my first game for nearly eight hours before I decided to restart because I wanted to experience a different configuration.  I have since played many hours and deeply enjoyed it.That being said, this game came out exactly the same way Masters of Magic did, buggy as all hell.  Many won't remember but the original MoM that came on seven 3.5"" floppy disks had severe bugs that weren't corrected for a year or more, it wasn't until the CD version came out that the game was fully stable.  This means  that WoM has bugs and glitch's.  Thankfully the developers are working extremely hard putting out patch's almost as fast as the early players can identify problems and they show no sign of slowing down.  They have demonstrated their desire to create a fully stable and bug free platform with which we can experience the same multi-tier 4X gameplay that the original MoM offered only with better graphics, more balance and larger worlds."
76561198283296931,Not Recommended,265970,21297762,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,tofu_productions,"===Unfinished Master of Magic Reboot with Potential=OverallTested with Linux version. Worlds of Magic is a not finished game. There is no support for this game anymore, since a reboot of this reboot is in progress by the same studio. (reference: Planar Conquest)This game plays like an alpha release, but you are well advised to save every round, since you hardly complete one playthrough without a gamebreaking bug. The AI cheats during battle by playing by different rules (for example needing no movement for attacking, which results in having 1 more attack range).=Pros:o) Fancy multi plain fantasy worldo) Random Mapso) Mostly MoM true=Cons:o) Weak AIo) Broken diplomacy system (offers dont do a thing)o) Bugs. Bugs everywhere.o) Gamebreaking bugs every few hourso) Bad balancing (Spellcasting too strong/cheap. ""One Man Armies"")o) Different planes barely differ from each other (Other than announced)o) No Map Editoro) Prone to rushing strategyo) Implemented Cloth map, which malifuncts. Automatic switch to graphic mode entering city and after.many more..."
76561198032620212,Recommended,265970,15175130,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,rsvail1,"I've been waiting decades for a Masters of Magic Sequel.   I've bought countless programs, some of them bad -  Elemental:  War  of Magic, some of the solid entries into the turn based strategy genre: - Endless Legends.  But never a faithful sequal.  World of Magic is that faithful sequel and I'm enjoying it immensely.  It's almost a modern recreation more than a sequuel, so there is a more leisurely pacing and certain old school mechanics that some might thing could be updated.  There are plenty of games that made those attempts, but they lost the magic that made MoM work so well."
76561198027520681,Not Recommended,265970,18268139,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Tyrownious,"the game has a lot of potential and although i do like it so far, the bugs and ""crashes"" make it unplayable if they could just patch these issues this would be a great game"
76561197992048395,Recommended,265970,14831879,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,jokin_jones,"Let me preface by saing; I'm a huge fan of the old school 4x Master of Magic (MoM).  MoM still rides high on my favorite games of all times list.That being said this game is not quite MoM.  Well not yet anyway, but the devs do seem to be continuing to improve the game and it is fun.At the time I write this review, Worlds of Magic plays a lot like Warlock, more like Warlock than Master of Magic but it is still pretty fun in it's current form and I have high expectations that it will continute to get better.  Happy to see a Master of Magic inspired game so I may be a bit jaded."
76561198206836068,Recommended,265970,14872609,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,chaosanderson,Its off to a decent start and more is certain to come.   The Wasteland crew is very active in their game forumn and discussing tweaks and changes and that is a huge plus for this game.  It has been getting better the closer to release date as bugs are worked out and AI and UI are tweaked.   Still a ways to go before its  a polished game but its worth looking at for any fans of Master of Magic.
76561198044739711,Recommended,265970,14005550,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dolphcrane,"I still play the original game, I expect this to replace it for my 4x cravings."
,Not Recommended,265970,33614054,Posted: 17 July,all,Palpz,"Clunky bug-ridden mess which has been abandoned by the devs. Terrible UI, horrible balancing issues, and crashes more than a drunk in the Indy 500."
76561198023555634,Not Recommended,265970,16423618,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Alfvinr,"I was really exited about the  next master of magic as it was described, bought it from the first day it was available on steam in alpha. Played it alot at start and today i tried it again. i'm really disapointed, it has nothing to do with master of magic, just a slow mind son of it and with as many bugs as it had since i first played it in alpha (e.g. in 17 turns i had to load the game three times back to the last autosave because it got stuck at end turn). one notch up for the graphics? yes, just one. The many races in master of magic? nope by half of them. the many tactical posibillities of master of magic? nope. a game that wrotes new rules to the tbs genree? heeeel no, it's far under 0, there are tbs games out there far better in all and every aspect...+1 for the optimistic view of the developers+1 for trying-alot for the rest."
76561197997893081,Recommended,265970,12226172,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Melinkurian,"Hello AaronI am sorry to say that I don't knwo how to post the log to ""dropbox or Google Drive"" as you have requested.  While I have literally thousands of hours gaming . . . I do not have the technical background.  I will try to get assistance for this tomorrow from a friend.I am at 59 hours and turn 350 (still).  Multiple lock-ups on this one and several reloads of the game have not fixed it.  I have determined that the Elementalist spells can sometimes be reset if you cast a spell (from the known spell list).  I am not sure why this would allow them to reset and it does not work 100% of the time.I must tell you that the Elementalists (while one of my favorites) are a bit overpowered IMO.  I have two armies of these and they are unbeatable so far.  They are not even maxed out on levels but when Fireball is working they do so much damage (and in a large area) that nothing can stand against them.  Also, anything 'land based' does not even move against a flying unit so they just stand there until I blast them.  I suppose that a squad of really high level ranged units might be a problem but the AI isn't going to build a totally ranged group.  Maybe you could lower the damage in the surrounding tiles but leave the 'target tile' at max damage or something?I have found that the AI units on tiles with a structure (library, tomb, etc.) cannot  be attacked.  Is this intentional?  Are the players units ""safe"" if on these tiles as well?"
76561198021559677,Not Recommended,265970,16472902,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Malaficus Shaikan,The good.Several plans to play on and magic that can one shot enemies.The bad:Horrible interface.Boring armies.Poor camera control.If you like master of magic keep playing that.If you like a shiny but equily buggy version of master of magic get this.If you want a good game get age of wonders 3.
76561198024738500,Recommended,265970,15140068,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,AuraForLaura,"Game has great potential and it has a pretty large amount of content already. I just dont understand how it prioritises the different aspects... I mean honestly. The amount of spells and units is pretty nice, but its all so half-arsed done. So many things are missing or not finished, but u still have it in the game. 1 example of maybe 100 is that it STILL, and i cannot emphasize this enough - it STILL havent got a ♥♥♥♥in animation for my bow using hero... i mean what the heck. He hits the air with his sword and suddenly the damage apears - he is not even equipped with a sword, but allas he has the same model as almost all the other heroes... Also half of his skills are not working/cannot be used. Stuff like this is all around and everywhere... When is this going to be fixed? is it ever?... cuss i really just think it would be basic stuff already in place before a beta - let alone a full release...And yes., i like the game - somewhat. But the AI, mean really - the AI.. Ive seen it come next to my starting town, at about turn 10, with somethin like 1 human spearman, and then kill the stack of 4-5 level 6 units guarding some precious building and reap its rewards.. That is not just cheating. That is absurd and stupid in many ways. Then as the game prolongs the AI will keep making the same level 1 and 2 units in massive stacks, only to throw them at me without me taking any casulties... I am sorry, but u are selling a game that is ""mostly"" singleplayer - atleast wthout network multiplayer funktion. So a working AI is pretty damn important for its succes.Its not a bad game, but at this price? i mean common, atleast admit that u are only ½way done with game.Best regards"
,Recommended,265970,12101587,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Drelthanas,I have been waiting for a sqeuel to Master of Magic for 20 years.  No game has captured the original magic for me.  This game is already fun for a MoM fan and I see great potential there.  I really think that this is going to be the oneto finally do it!
76561198067037527,Recommended,265970,15057099,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Jacob,"If you like turn-based strategy, you will love Worlds of Magic!A very worthy successor/homage to Master of Magic - despite the numerous unjustified and/or unfairly reactionary gripe-fests about readiness for ""release"", the developers have already patched 4 times (in a less than a week), and the game is running smoothly now!I simply cannot say enoughabout the responsiveness and dedication of the development team at Wastelands Interactive, I have personally watched - while playing - a bug reported, and a patch resolving it with acouple of hours- notdaysand sometimeseven weeksas we've all no doubt experienced with other games.Despite a somewhat rocky start (typical of just about every game I've EVER purchased on release day over the last 3 decades), if this dev team keeps up the pace they are resolving, refining, and adding content at - mark my words, this game will enter the hallowed halls of ""All Time Classic"" - alongside others like Master of Magic (it's inspiration), Civilizations, Master of Orion, and the like.Instead of going into minute detail on what I LOVE about the game, and what I may like to see changed/enchanced, let me instead say this, and if you have any experience with turn-based strategy games, you'll know precisely what I am talking about:If you are a dyed-in-the-wool turn based strategy game lover, there's only one criteria that really matters... does this game evoke thatsleep-depriving,relationship shattering,junk food consuming""...just ...one...more...turn"" aspect of the true greats?Without doubtit most certainly does!(For those that like stats, at the time this review was posted I had 72.6 hours of play time on file; the game released and I purchased it 7 days prior to this review... assuming 8 hours of sleep per day, that means more than64% of my waking hourshave been spent playing... ""just one more turn"" indeed!!)As the title says, if you enjoy turn-based strategy in a fantasy/D&D-esque setting, you WILL love this game... don't let reactionary reviewers (many whom if you look/read deep enough, went off after a single crash or glitch) influence you. I run the game very, very smoothly on a 2 year old businesslaptop.This game as of 1.0.4 is already well worth the price, and as the incredible dev team continue their work, it's only going to get better!"
76561197965277433,Recommended,265970,13083427,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Rjosh,"Very promising Master of Magic-clone! Still pretty WIP, but I am quite satisfied to development speed."
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,265970,16488143,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Scribbles,"I loved Master of Magic, and this is no Master of Magic. It's ugly, runs like crap, and is unintuitive. The interface is massive and the text is so small it's nearly impossible to read. It's like someone with a major learning disability designed te interface.The original has a much better aesthetic (not hard to do--you won't go blind looking at it), plus you can get it for free. Oh, and it features more factions and more magic. Half the circles in this game are just mixups of the others, and what happened to the Bedouin people?This game is special since it's the first I've tried to return. Hooray for ruining classics."
76561198006820262,Recommended,265970,12145022,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Haldain,"I still have MOM on my computer and I am really happy with the progress  of Worlds of magic. I also own Master of Arcane and all the DLC's for it, and the excellent Age of Wonders 1-3 and the DLC's. I think that Worlds of Magic is going to be just as good if not better than both of those titles. It has already captured the gameplay that made MOM so additive. The ability to make even low level units deadly with spells and leveling up is one of the things I missed, plus all of the different areas to explore, variety of Units to build, The different ways to build up your towns whether for mana power ,elite units, or spell research. Even though this is a early access game I find myself putting long hours into it already trying to work past the bugs, posting on the forums so the Devs know what is happening and what they need to correct, and they have been really good about correcting the bugs that come with a early access game. I'm probably gonna buy a 2nd copy on steam for my Brother who's birthday is coming up next month as he really enjoyed MOM and I know he will love to see and a new improved version of it in Worlds of Magic."
76561198035135821,Not Recommended,265970,16003069,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,timb132,"I was really hoping for an amazing sequel to Master of Magic. WoM is not that sequel.I waited until late April both so that the designers had a chance to fix the many bugs people have been (rightfully) complaining about AND so that I could get it at a discounted price so I wouldn't feel so bad if it turned out to be a Turkey. Well, gobble, gobble.I recommend you try Age of Wonders III, Warlock, Warlock II, or almost any of the Heroes of Might and Magic series rather then dumping any money into this game."
76561198029300088,Not Recommended,265970,24671503,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,yenkin2001,"World of Magic, I want to like this game, I loved MOM (Masters of Magic), but alas this game falls far short of the original game.  The tutorials will get you going quickly if you are not familiar with the game.  But for those of us that are old hands at 4x games it does not really re-invent the wheel.  It is what you would expect if someone was to re-make MOM, though I wish the developers spent a little more effort giving it some innovation rather than going for a port/clone.Graphics are what you would expect from a 4x game, nothing special but adequate, getting into the game is easy enough, play the tutorial, pick your faction, modify the world as you can and away you go.  The issue is you don’t go fast, development is slower than molasses.  In fact most of the games I played I was wiped out by the Neutral war bands before I could get into the game.  Another issue was even at the lower levels the various structures had monsters so high I could not even think about attacking.  Of course that is when I could interact with them.  There seems to have been a bug in one game that was actually go well, only to find structures empty and could not interact with them.If you are looking to add 4x game to your library I would skip this one.I wish the team would pay a bit attention to the game, it feels like it needs a major balancing in all aspects of the game.  Here is a list of what I feel needs to be addressed.1.	Structure bugs with buildings you can interact with.  You can’t always interact with them as typically this is a major source of goodies this needs to be fixed.2.	Mobs should scale to the level of game you are playing, or at least giving the player a bonus in order to survive the early game.3.	Neutral mobs should be just that Neutral, why are they attacking early in the game, when my settlements are barely off the ground.4.	Tweak the economics especially at the adept and Mageling levels trying to build cities and expand is part of the game, but barely scraping by with gold should not be an issue.  While you are trying to balance your budget, the Neutral mobs seem to have unlimited funds to build the stronger units earlier than you can.This game needs more work, there is a gem in there, but only 5/10 is the rating I give it."
76561197969097267,Recommended,265970,16869763,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Zero K,"Overall, I recommend this; it is basically a mix of Master of Magic and D&D 3.5.The main issue is that this does feel like it should be an Early Access title; admittedly it would be the good kind, where the game is still fully playable and has the majority of the intended depth and content. It does need a bit of QA, as I'll get into there are a few bugs, thankfully not many crash bugs and the autosave plus quick load times makes those only a little annoying.I get the feeling that this was not released as ""Early Access"" to avoid the increasingly bad stigma that label is getting thanks to unscrupulous developers. As I said, this would have been a good use of it; mainly I want the assurance that some bugs and features will be worked on.Anyway, that's the summary of this review. If you're interested in the mechanics of the game, see below. If not... Well, give this game a shot anyway if you've read this far, at least keep an eye on it for sales.Heroes can be quite powerful but armies are still needed to win the day, which is actually a bit of an improvement over the original MoM where heroes could rapidly become overwhelmingly powerful. Melee and Caster heroes are far better than ranger/rogue type though; ranged weapons just do not hit hard enough for heroes. Caster and Ranged armies are far better than melee though.The Spell system is very well done. The balance and detail are quite nice. There are almost too many spell rings that it takes a long time to explore them all. It also feels a bit weird that Life magic has so many attacks that work on living creatures, but it does make the category more attractive without just relying on buffs. I only have two real complaints about the spell system: on loading a game, my Flaming Guardians spell stopped working. I'm still paying upkeep, but the two Fire Gians no longer appear, which is sad, they were extremely helpful. The only other spell bug I've run into is more of an AI issue: the enemy will sometimes use Holy Word when it is utterly useless to do so. I attacked him with only Living troops, so holy word did nothing; it would absolutely be devastating if I had an army of Undead, sure, but the AI should probably check for that before wasting time and mana on an expensive spell.Now some comments on the races, since MoM was always big on alternate races:High Men - Okay, I haven't played them yet. They seem balanced enough from what units I ran into. They have cheap cannon-fodder melee, some competent melee, healers, and strong archers, and probably a few I haven't seen yet.Unhallowed - Undead. Kinda a cool idea, definately more powerful on the Negative energy plane, cause duh. Haven't played them enough to really comment on balance. They get hosed by Life magic spells, so watch out for that. Goes well with Death magic.Orcs - These guys are pretty weak. They have no ranged attackers and no fast units so every other race can pick them off easily. This is hilariously pathetic against Dark Elves since they have a unit that can cast Earth to Mud and slow the Orc's already bad movement speed, then massacre them with ranged attacks. This is kinda sad since Orcs were one of the better races in MoM, particularly their Wyvern Riders, and they had a better balance of units than even the Humans.Grey Elves - They're quite good. I'd recommend new players start here. They start with an archery unit and can build them quickly and cheaply, making them a horde-archer army. Some special foes are immune to archery, but Elves have enough other options to power through that. They could conceivably make a melee-only army that's actually effective with their Unicorn Riders, since they teleport.Dark Elves - The Dark Elves have definatley seen at least as much D&D influence as MoM, and in some ways I'm not a fan of that. In MoM every Dark Elf unit could use a magic attack, but not here. Also added a lot of Spider motif, which is ok. The female-dominated army is nice since you never see that; I would say that's pure D&D but thanks to graphics we couldn't really tell in MoM. Overall as a race the Dark Elves have a strong and well-balanced army. Add in the fact that they give 1 power per populace and they're downright fantastic.The... Bug people... - They're disappointing, but then they were in MoM too, so it's holding to source material there. They have the same crippling weakness as the Orc: too reliant on horde melee troops, which are easily slowed and destroyed. At least they have some good ranged attackers and some healers.Dwarves - They're slow. They get some casters and ranged attackers, but damn they're slow. Since the computer usually uses a lot of melee units, this does mean the Dwarves are serviceable at least. As long as they aren't facing Elves.Draconians - Another true to form for MoM: all Draconian units fly. Flying ranged units are as fun as ever, and Doom Drakes appear to be the best melee unit you can train, and with a couple buffs they can quickly be the best in the game.And, quickly, races missing from MoM:Halflings: Oh right. Those existed.Gnolls: Good riddanceNomads: They were decent, a lot of overlap with Humans and Gnolls of all thingsBarbarians: Filler race.Beastman: The variety was sweet. Would be nice to see something like this again.Trolls: These guys were awesome. Simple meatheads that could still stand up to the ""real"" races.Probably something I'm forgetting. Must not have been important."
76561198072027162,Recommended,265970,12601626,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,russonc,"This is a review of the Early Access Game.   I personally have been enjoying the game and it does remind me a lot of MOM. I recommend the game with reservations:    Know that this game is not done, you may have issues/bugs, and saves may be corrupted with new updates.  I have been able to play for the last few hours without any crashes or issues (others have reported some issue, likely related to their specific systems.     If you know what you are getting into, it can be great fun.If you have played and enjoy MOM in the past, you should like this game as well (it plays very similarly).   If you haven't, it plays much like many of the 4x fantasy games such as AOW, HOMM but more in a ""you against all others"" kind of way.  There are no real scenarios;  just start up in a random world and explore, expand and conquer.    Diplomacy doesn't do much for me yet.I have been part of a dozen or so EA (early access) games and these developers have been one of the best at communication and updates, as well as responding well to user input.     They give me confidence that they will follow through and make this a great finished product.   I will keep this updated as time goes on.  Thumbs up for now (but please be aware, the product is not finished)"
76561198015337264,Recommended,265970,12479203,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Rhev,"[BETA REVIEW]4x perfection in the making.First off, the developers call this a 'spiritual successor' to the old DOS game Master of Magic put out by Microprose in 1994.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master_of_MagicI feel like what they are in the process of crafting is nothing less than a love letter penned in gold ink on the finest paper ever milled.  I caution people who don't know and love Master of Magic to maybe wait on buying Worlds of Magic till it's a little more finished, as it is quite incomplete at the moment.But what is currently done is nothing less than spectacular.  As someone who wasted weeks and months of my life playing MoM back in the 9s, I can see how amazing this game will be.  Keeping true all of the elements that made MoM and many other 4x games so amazing, it's infused with fantastic graphics and play style that catapults me back to an earlier time and leaves me wanting more more more more!I can not wait to play this game more and can't wait till the product is finished, so i can sink more of my life into it."
76561198031007549,Recommended,265970,14852303,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,hound,"Well after playing for a few hours...lol... I can say that this is the first game in a few years that gives me that ""just one more turn feel"". Creaky crashing and not quite finished yet, it still has kept me up until 3 in the morning.  I haven't really been this into a game since Fall from Heaven and that is high praise. The design team seem to be responsive and i can't wait to play the full release. I got the keys to unlock the two new races last week and was VERY impressed by the new work.  Got to go now I am starting a new game...!!!"
76561198011369934,Recommended,265970,17335583,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Me®©,"This truly is a spiritual successor to MoM...or maybe they should just call it an out-right plagarism.  They took MoM, updated the graphics, expanded the races, leaders, heroes, changed the first word of the name..., and called it a wrap.  This might sound unoriginal, but it is exactly what I've been requesting for years.Spells feel suitably powerful.  Heroes are exciting to find and level up.  Enemies expand and attack (middle difficulty).  Loot is fun to search out.The bad...the interface & mouse-clicking are a bit ""wonky"" and take getting used to.  Mouse-clicking feels like ""driving on the left-side of the road"" - they didn't implement it in a way that feels natural.  The map and graphics don't scale well - limit zoom in/out and I can't get the text to be crisp on my machine.  Strategic map is worthless.Also, I've read about lots of game bugs and crashes...so far (knock knock) I have not experienced any myself (17 hrs playtime in version 1.2.4)Overall, the game is a terrific ""fix"" for those who have been waiting for MoM 2.  I definitely recommend it!  However, the fit-n-finish is a work-in-progress."
76561198005875621,Recommended,265970,12290615,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Vrakastalion,"A nice game, so deep particular on every single unit. Good idea in city expansion (like Heroes of Might and Magic 3+), so interest tactical fight. I'm waiting to try the heroes and the complete game."
76561197978190322,Not Recommended,265970,21495748,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Boo Urns,"In one word?  Trash.Don't waste your money on this game.  Clumsy, clunky, unclear and slightly confusing user interface, slow battles (especially when there are multiple units) & riddled with bugs.Go to GoG, pay for Master of Magic and you'll find that so much more enjoyable than this pitiful sequel."
76561198001941203,Not Recommended,265970,17212901,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,brightwind,It appears that I cant continue with my existing game.   The old game continually freezes after this lastest patch.
76561198074156359,Not Recommended,265970,16622465,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jospehjack,"5/10 this is just a meh. Played a bit more at my friends house than is listed here.  Has pontentional, BUT I would wait on buying this till One major issue is fixed.Major Issue 1: Every resource is guarded by forces way to strong for your early game units.Minor issue 1: The graphics need a bit of fine tuning.Minor issue 2: Ai has reallly only 1 plan atm ""Zerg"" fight rush at you with all it has got and hope.""Was mostly fixed this last patch but still there from time to time.)"
,Not Recommended,265970,15662239,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Taliesyn,"I want to like Worlds of Magic, I really do.  Its gameplay is quite reminiscent of Master of Magic, which it definitely aspires to be.  Unfortunately, even a month after release, the game is is still plagued with an awe-inspiring number of bugs, ranging from minor ones (like being unable to change the portrait for my custom wizard) to annoying (clicking an idle unit notification locks your view in place until you click on another plane) to game-breaking (any of the countless crashes to desktop and game freezes).Perhaps someday, a year or two down the road, they will have the bugs under control, but for now, I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,265970,18316459,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Cognitive,"Things I like:- Game creation feels easy the first time, as you get all the information you need.- Game creation feels fun, because you have several choices with several options to pick from.- When entering a tile with features you will get information on possible events, and you have the option to leave without interacting - you won't be forced to do a fight you didn't know to expect.Things I dont like:- Something's bad about the graphics. Regardless of resolution it feels blurry, especially texts.- Tiles with interactable features (dungeons etc) should be easier to spot.- I don't see any way to predict how hard an encounter will be. You are informed of what creature types you might have to fight, but not the number or relative strength.- Getting a hero takes time, and the game feels rather boring without any.- The game lacks a clear goal, it feels like a sandbox game."
76561198021427353,Recommended,265970,24197043,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,dark.arc,If you like Civilization games this one is pretty much the same thing but it runs nicer on linux ^__^
76561197974571174,Recommended,265970,12125614,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Twitch,"It has been way to long for a true sequel to Masters of Magic.  Now it's finally being made a reality. Even in early access its roots show and do not disappoint. I can’t wait to see this game in its final state, but in the mean time you can bet I’ll be playing every step of the way."
,Recommended,265970,14858397,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,PrimaGoosa,"I recently went looking for Master of Magic to play, and I ended up discovering what was marketed as the spiritual successor to Master of Magic.  An updated version of the game that I have not stopped loving, regardless of how much time passes and how many other games release?  I was excited, and I was a bit pensive as well.  Were they going to truly capture the feels I felt as a child?In my opinion, they have.  Admittedly, it's difficult to replicate the feel of nostalgia I get with the game, coming downstairs during the early summer morning and watching my dad's budding Human empire grow slowly day by day before he heads off to work.  Many associates to Master of Magic to me had almost nothing to do with the game itself, though I still loved the game.With Worlds of Magic, you have a lot of very familiar surroundings.  You can swap the camera to an overhead view that mirrors MoM.  Your city influence is the same fat plus at the start.  You can modify your farmer/worker ratio (and you have another option now, too!), you build armies, you build new cities, you explore caves and towers and magical sources of power around the world, you encounter enemies and fantastical creatures, you summon creatures, cast destructive spells, manipulate an enemy's city, buff your own city.  The Power system feels familiar, but the number of new spells and the way the Battleboard plays with the D20 system really add a lot of additional flavor for me.It's like loving pizza all of your life, then someone brings you a piece of pizza with ranch dressing, and you're like ""Oh wow, this is the same deliciousness, with a nice addition!""That's how I feel about Worlds of Magic.  In addition, the devs have been borderline-insanely receptive to feedback.  I personally have pointed out early access bugs and quality of life changes that have, within days, been fixed or added to the game.  These devs *love* this game, and they are willing to hear feedback and incorporate it into the game if it sounds like a good idea.I can't wait to see this game grow over the years, and I can't wait to keep playing it (while also recommending it to my aforementioned dad, as well as my bro!)."
76561198040054799,Recommended,265970,12092270,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ronaldkirkuk,This is a very interesting fulfilling game
76561197984481085,Recommended,265970,12098079,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Wink,"Lots of bugs, lots of potential, mildly amusing and mildly playable at this stage."
76561197998303200,Recommended,265970,12097782,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,drazen_1,bought this game having well above minimum system requirements but not the highest rank and the game is unplayable. Lags so bad that you cant move units. If your going to spend the money make sure your over the recomended requirements not the minimum. Game seems to have potential though. Hence the recomendation vs the no. Just wish i didnt waist $40
76561198062120171,Not Recommended,265970,22087681,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Klaysor,All this game has done is make me go back and get a copy of MoM. Don't waste your money on this until the price has been dropped at least to the price of Master of Magic. This game to me is just a prime example of someone trying to profit from peoples nostalgia.
,Not Recommended,265970,16613072,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DoctorSmoke,Nowhere near the level of Elemental/Fallen Enchantress series
,Recommended,265970,14919763,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TickTack,"This game is completely inspired by the old 90's classic, Master of Magic. So it has the same 4X formula, along with spellcasting at global and tactical level, spell research, and various races to play as. As far as capturing that old MoM gameplay feel, WoM nails it.The graphics are a mix of gorgeous and merely good. Some of the planes of existence, units and buildings look stunning! Some of the spell animations and the way that persistent spells are displayed could be improved upon. (at the moment, there's no specific animation or effect for a persistent spell that's been placed on a unit; e.g. think of the ice shields in Diablo3).There are some things I'd like to see change; for example, the enemy Lords could use some extra writing or graphics to give them a but more of a personality (at the moment they're devious opponents but they seem to prefer to keep things discreet. They're not the same type of flashy enemies that MoM had).The game rules are super solid. Economies are finely balanced, there's a challenging learning curve and high-level magic feels suitably powerful and effective. This is one of those games where you can end up shaping the world you live in to better suit your needs.Most importantly it has that 'one more turn' feeling that a good strat game needs to have. All in all I recommend it - it's an early access product that will be great at launch and incredible after a few free DLC's have been added."
76561198029999764,Not Recommended,265970,15677812,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Violet Kitsune,"I love 4X games. I loved MoM, and bought this game pretty much as soon as I could pre-purchase it to support. Finally decided to really give it a solid try (been playing Age of Wonders III) for a new flavor.Started a game. Got lucky,  Gold Mines and Wild Game x2 in my starting area on easiest difficulty setting. Crnked out a Granary and Marketplace and then built 2 settler units to expand my empire.2 turns out from my dinky capital, both units disbanded due to lack of Gold and/or Food. No matter how high I cranked up my taxes, I could not even support them getting the 5 or 6 squares out to found a new town.This to me is a ridiculous level of challenge? I may be wrong, but damn sure don't see why I would spend more time with it at this point."
76561198052971128,Not Recommended,265970,16386645,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,realxavier,UI is just piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it really requires much effort to make it so!The only reason these games continue to pop here is because there's no refund for such kind of games!
76561198033543739,Recommended,265970,15747643,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,flyingltj,"This game is for fans of the original Master of Magic game.  People who're just being introduced to this game simply will not have the perspective to understand the game as the oldschool Master of Magic fans do.Unfortunately when this game was released, the version that was released I would not have even considered an Alpha1 build.  It was nearly indistinguishable from a train wreck that had a bomb dropped on it in a hurricane.  Lots of improvements have been made since then, and the game is playable now.This isn't a game for everyone, but for those who get it... we get it."
,Not Recommended,265970,14981201,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Hollowsong,"Started game in launcher. 100% crash whenever I tried to edit graphics. Looks like UI was made in 2005.Really tired of these strategy games turning up lackluster. Unintuitive UI and controls. Spent 10 minutes trying to find out how to go to the next turn. Game doesn't like one of my input devices; not sure which.I'd like to enjoy the game, but I think it'll have to wait a few months."
76561197973486048,Not Recommended,265970,15717439,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,wyldmage,"Bought this game as early access, and have been greatly disappointed.It was released before it was in a release-worthy state, and is only now slowly reaching what would be time to release.If it were a $10 title, I could recommend it on the basis of value.The good:Will fill that MoM nostalgia void.Reasonably pretty graphics (that won't destroy your video card)The bad:Difficult to learn (many ways you can mess yourself up, and not know it til turn 40+)""Preserved"" MoM city-spam, which detracts from the value of meaningful choices (in terms of city placement).Zero innovation or new ideas (due to trying so hard to just be a MoM clone).Start-of-game options are still unfinished, almost 2 months after release.City building is repetitive and dry.Tactical combats are very non-tactical.  Either spells are the most important thing (small armies), or the fight is generally just two waves rushing at each other (large armies).In general, the game just feels like a MoM clone with graphics updates, that ignored the weaknesses that existed in the game.  It hasn't adapted to any of the ideas we have seen in 4x games over the past 20 years.  While not all those ideas worked well, ignoring them so entirely was likely the worst option."
,Not Recommended,265970,14974077,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,razgon,"This is a rather poor release. Its sounds are almost non-existant or poor, graphics for spells are poorly done, animation is poor, ui is poor, pretty much everything about the game is poorly executed. And this is after 2 kickstarters.I'd get Master of Magic instead, or some of its never cousins like Age of Wonders and Sorceror King."
76561198030303838,Recommended,265970,14986229,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,sutter.craig,"I have been playing Worlds of Magic since early access began.  As a long time player of Master of Magic, I find it to be similar in many aspects.   If you enjoyed that game, you will likely enjoy WoM.As an early access player, I able to see the game progress from largely unplayable to an enjoyable experience.  Since the general release, I have played about 15 hours.  The initial release was bumpy, to say the least; however, after an initial difficulty getting the game to run, the recent hot-fix has allowed me to play for a few hundred turns with only one freeze which I was able to recover from using the autosave.I have few criticisms of the interface... it may be cumbersome at first, but with familiarity, I found it to be not too bad.  Similarly, once you get used to the 3d map, the features become more recognizable.  If you miss a few along the way, well there are lots to chose from anyway, and you see them eventually in any case as play moves along.I am a little disappointed with the current AI as it does not explore well not expand into other planes... necessary to be competitive.That being said, from early access to now, I have seen remarkable improvements in AI and am fairly confident that Wastelands will continue to improve it to a state where it is as proficient as any AI in the business.  I can not understate the remarkable progress the designers have made during the course of development, and this gives me confidence that the game we see today will be far outstripped by the one that will arise in the future.  I fully expect various bugs and AI deficiencies to be addressed over the next few months.As is, I am enjoying playing the game.  I am a builder and enjoy clearing the various goody huts.   Combat with other lords is not my forte or the most enjoyable part of the game for me.  Exploring is really fun and building your forces so that you can start clearing features is rewarding in and of itself.  I expect that as development progress, I will have to face new challenges... I look forward to that as well.I recommend purchasing this product... if not now, I think that potential buyers should not dismiss the game's potential in the future, and if they are hesitant about purchasing immediately, come back and see the game has progressed in a few months."
,Recommended,265970,15298070,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Telarius,"Though I recommend this game, I do so with the understanding there are missing features and quite a few bugs that are still being ironed out.  As the developers are aggressively releasing patches, it does give one a feeling of confidence that any issues will be addressed.Having stated that, I recommend either picking this game up for at least 50% off when it goes on sale, or wait a few months until the game is truly ""complete"".  The full retail price is too high for the game's current state.Nevertheless, fans of fantasy-based 4X strategy should keep an eye on this one, as it is enjoyable in the current state."
76561198002537981,Recommended,265970,16831493,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,nsfeldman1,"I readily acknowledge that this game was released too soon, but the original game, Master of Magic, was also updated by a series of patches that converted the game from too buggy to play to a classic. This game still needs a few options for customization and bug fixes, much more than it needs new content, but both are welcome and the developers have beeen relentlessly patching the game weekly. If you like the orginal, this will bring back memories with some new variations. If you like Age of Wonders, also largely based on Master of Magic, you should like this. Fallen Enchantress is another similarly derivative game. WoM however, follows the original the most closely.Works on both Mac and Windows., but has some bugs that generally still allow for play. I admit to wanting to support development of these games so I am less price concious, but if you are interested there will probably be a sale during the summer.Specific Problems:The heroes system needs rebalancing; currently they are largely useless by the time you get them. Early on, they are very expensive for the economy and too weak even at level five to be helpful. I don't want them all to be Torin, but the level five should be level 1 and go up in a timely fashion while offering some abilities in army support or mana.  Mostly though you  get them late in the game, and by the time you get them they are irrelevant. Fame does not seem to help either.A hall of fame and scoring would be nice.I would like to save customized Sorceror Lords.Allow custom quick start parameters and randomizationThe AI needs workI have now played over 150 hours and plan to keep playing. I hope to see further improvements, but the developers seem very committed.r"
76561198103319255,Recommended,265970,15067980,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Mc'Doge,"I highly recommend this game to any Masters of Magic fan.  Wi has done a nice job of taking this classic up a notch, and the best part is that unlike MoM, WoM will be patched to near perfection.  The differences between the titles so far are pretty similiar, however WoM has shown to be a better balanced game by not having overly powerful summons right from the start.  Also the way magic is organized in WoM is far superior to MoM.After a week of playing it; (v1.05), I can say that I am pleased how hard the developers are working to make this game bug free.  There are many improvements that can be added by them, but overall this game is still better then the classic MoM."
,Recommended,265970,15068271,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Batts,"Its not a 'Master of Magic'-like. Its actually Master of Magic. Its missing some stuff, has a few bugs, but damn, 5 patches in 5 days, im not worried about the bugs long term. Heck they even added some stuff.Summary: Has worlds, has magic. Does not dissapoint. 9/10"
76561198032002086,Not Recommended,265970,15893242,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,weekster5,"Since latest update this game won't work. have latest drivers blah blah blah...To Aaron, there is no bug the game won't even start. Local Content deleted."
76561198002759391,Recommended,265970,15254819,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Widorax,"bcp de but encore mais tres bon jeu, je recommande pour les fan de 4x"
76561198068267542,Recommended,265970,16039276,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,fluffy_crusader,"I really want to like this game, but there are a few glaring problems which need addressed so that it can really shine. First, even though my computer meets the recommended system requirements, and I have tried promoting the WoM processes, it still takes nearly five minutes for the turn to cycle back to me. while I'm playing on the largest possible world, I'm still early in the game, so there shouldn't be that much going on yet out in the unexplored multiverse. Second, the graphical assets on the world map are very... hit and miss. Mountains desperately need to look like mountains, not blobs of stone with flat tops. The developers have put a lot of effort into a lot of the graphical assets, and the few things which are rather forced or blocky stand out like sore thumbs.If the developers continue to support and improve their game, (especially fix the rough edges in graphics and optimize the turn-cycling) eventually it will be a suitably epic heir to Master of Magic's legacy."
76561198016530438,Recommended,265970,14984397,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,ForthRight,"Please don't judge this game too harshly on first impressions - it might look outdated and feel a bit clunky but it has a ton of content and great customization on map setup.Maybe it was released a couple of months earlier than it should have been, but you won't find a more dedicated developer determined to sort out the bugs and improve the overall game.I've voiced my concerns, mainly with the lack of zoom out range on the main map, but it's obvious these guys are working like crazy so I have hope they'll get around to fixing all the issues been reported.If you've bought the game and bugs are causing issues please give them a bit of time to sort things out before posting a negative review - And I understand if you're thinking ""it's out of early access now, it should work fine!"", but there's been plenty of other games in a similar situation - at least this developer is committed.The game is only going to get better, they just need some more time."
76561197992767797,Not Recommended,265970,14981813,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Moghra,"I love this genre but Worlds of Magic is currently a joke.  The game has crashed several times with adjusting settings, there is no sound effects for magic or the combat that I saw.  If I could get a refund, I would."
76561197984257570,Recommended,265970,16480948,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SirPrise,"Buy it..just not yet....I'm writing this from a pov as someone who loved the old master of magic (and still do play it occasionally). So after many really bad attempts of a remake, i was intrigued by this game.Will you feel at home?YES, there is so much i missed from MoM and with many improvements (the mages eye, a button that lets you skip through and show all visible enemy armies. No more forgetting that rogue group of elementals until they pop up at your city gates), the cities are again with fixed borders (as much as i like civilization, i hate the expanding border system vs AI). The different spell schools are back (and improved, you can, as before, select life, death, but also summoning, containing all the summon spells across the discipline, but only those). and you feel that the developers try to cover the essence of the races (grey elves, mostly like the highelves in MoM don'T get too powerful ranged units, but their mages an cast the guiding wind spell, countering ranged mali, making a group of archers/rangers with a mage very useful and catches the supernatural spirit regarding elven archery). unhallowed (undead) are also a nice new deature, feel a bit broken though, needs some balancing)BUT:This game is FAR from being finished/worth the price. The are still many gamebraking bugs (bugs in battle forcing you to clsoe the program), UI annoyances (move unit in battle, ui skips to next one so you have to reselect and attack, does NOT skip to next unit after it cast a spell) some mechanic problems (fire shield spell broken, works not just vs close combat but vs everything. put in on a sturdy unit, attack grey elf city, win by just standing there getting shot at), and quite a few other problems.so yes, if you loved MoM you WILL love this game, keep an eye on it BUT DON'T buy it yet, it's a beta with many problems. but if it gets fixed, it is what you loved about MoM and more. (i hope for some minor improvements on diplomacy, i'ts purely text with offer and accepted or rejected, no pictures of the other mages or dialoge,"
,Recommended,265970,17624863,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,konming,"A decent effort to recreate Master of Magic experience, and in general, got it right.Master of magic was always about endless choice and the excitement in discovering new ways to spoil yourself. In this regard, Worlds of Magic is quite successful.There are still plenty of bugs left, however, developer is very engaged and pumps out patches constantly. These patches also add a lot of new contents, for free.So while it is not perfect, yet, I still highly recommend it."
76561197960863231,Recommended,265970,13947401,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The_Limit,"I love that MoM is being remade. However, it doesn't have the same feel to it that I loved about MoM. In MoM the font is nice and big to read, and the interface is laid out so neatly and accessibly. The inside-city interface in MoM is way cleaner and clearer. All the menus in MoM are way cleaner and clearer. The way armies are selected and moved is way easier and more logical in MoM. The auto-fight option/toggle in battle, that was in MoM, is missing. Something about building cities in WoM feels slow, taking too long compared to in MoM. Oh yeah, and what happened to the Incarnation spell? :("
76561198023512583,Recommended,265970,16316447,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ajm25,"Loved orriginal MOM.  This one has not let me down.  Been playing version 1.1.4 on  my average laptop.  I have had not crashes.  I have not encountered any defects.  My game has 3 opponentts plus the neutrals.  There is almost zero lag time between turns.  Honestly I have been having a great time.  Beefing up units with lots of speels.  Putting helpfule spells on  my citites.  Managing resources.  Dispelling enemy spells on my cities by enemy AI's.  Two wars going on.  Just started expanding in a another plane.  To me it looks like this game is very playable.  AI Opponents are building multiple cities.  I believe I am playing just on normal level.  I have not encountered an AI  army that matches my main force but I have had a couple of close battles with smaller armies near my cities.  Had I lost them things could of gone have down hill fast.  Anyway, I see a lot of negative reviews in the past regarding things like not being able to finish a game, Crashses, things not working, etc.  I am not seeing that and really enjoying the game.   Thank you all involved in this excellent product (as it stands now)"
,Recommended,265970,14488960,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Cranium Hunter,"unplayable on mac. at all. not even 1 turn. dont buy it.edit: the game can work on mac now, as of 15 March 2015.couple of bugs still, but now it's playable.(and i can delete my Windows now. haha)"
76561198000323648,Recommended,265970,12154295,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Sir Fat Ant,Hard!!!Vastly improved as time as gone on.I just wish it was easier to enter into. I find Im dieing and losing very early on in the game.I look forward to a walk through just to help me see where Im going wrong.
,Not Recommended,265970,22571185,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Radagast,"The game introduces many nice concepts to the whole turn-based strategy genre and have some cool character to choose from and races to play.But it's not balanced well and I fund myself spamming certain units that seemed to ""work"". It's hard get a feeling of being in control of your actions when things just seems sleightly broken all the time"
76561197995209053,Recommended,265970,15198456,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,philip,"Sure, there is a few bugs here and there. Overall, I find this game fully delivers on the promise of a MoM successor.I definitely got the whole ""just one more turn"" vibe and found myself having fun with customizing my wizard.So I cannot write more because I am about to invade my neighbor wizard and take what in my opinion is rightfully my land!"
,Not Recommended,265970,16130264,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kazrim,"This game is terrible, it looks bad, plays bad, and runs bad. It lags looking like an early 2000's game but Age of Wonders 3 runs great on THE HIGHEST SETTINGS on my crappy little laptop. This game is hardly playable with the rampant bugs and crashing literally every single ♥♥♥♥ing time I pick the bug people and ""interact"" with a neutral building it just freezes end of story.The controls and load times for things are just... terrible left clicking to move around armies just doesn't even feel right, and right clicking to do pretty much everything else leads to bad confusion and unfun feeling controls. Just loading up a game with 1-2 enemy AI or ZOOMING INTO YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING TOWN takes as long to load as the story mode of Dawn of War soulstorm which had a known memory leak. This game is NOT worth 40$ USD you are a hard working person, go spend that hard earned money on a WORKING 4x game like Age of Wonders 3, CiV 5/Beyond Earth, Endless legend. This game is just... Bad, like really bad"
76561198009450406,Recommended,265970,15963679,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Izlorian,"Its good, but very slow game"
,Recommended,265970,16106791,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,vvight ★,"If you've played Master of Magic you'll be comfortable here. If not, imagine a hybrid of the best of Heroes of Might & Magic, Age of Wonders, Warlords, Civilization and not a few RPG elements.You can tell the game was lovingly made, and the devs are constantly updating it (multiple times per week) to fix bugs, add new features, balance, and generally listening and implementing changes the community believes are necessary. I won't give it a perfect score yet because there are still some minor interface issues and the occasional bug cropping up but other than that I can't fault it.Hotseat mode is a must!"
,Recommended,265970,16713620,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,pango,"Actual recommendation is somewhere between yes and no. It's an ok game but it's kind of scrappy and unfinished feeling.- Sound effects for end of turn are way too loud and dramatic. I found the same problem with the sound effect when moving my insect dude around the map too. Some sounds in combat don't have anything like the same punch. In general I would say the sound effects feel like isolated samples being triggered and don't blend into a seemless audio picture like ni most games.-Some scrappy text boxes with incomplete words in-I haven't played long but it seems like you get this ""city needs your attention"" thing and it won't let you end the turn until I make the city build something. What if I don't want to build something?-Units sliding in combat screen when you move them (no animation after the first few squares)-you can bump the edge of the screen with the mouse to scroll in the overworld but on the combat screen you can't and have to left click and drag on the screen-tooltips for buildings in your city seem to trigger when mouse is over the middle of the building model rather than on the base of the square the building is in which is counter-intuitive"
76561198041164163,Recommended,265970,17390166,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Tarithel,"I bought this recently have played for about 10 hours in a few games including a hot seat multiplayer, haven't hit any bugs yet. Selecting/unselecting units seems a little tricky sometimes but no other complaints on the interface. Can understand comments about it being a little bare in places but from an old MOM player it doesn't look too bad coming in at this point. Interested to know what the plans are for further improvements, diplomacy in particular...My 7yr son liked it too."
76561198068327848,Not Recommended,265970,19753991,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wolf,Crap!
76561198135647894,Not Recommended,265970,12087833,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Antisthenes,"Crashes every time i try to play a map, but it starts. Dissapointed considering how much i payed. It should at least play.They updated it and now the maps load. Progress.1/19/15Key problems with this game.1 Level progression and PVE is terrible. Like ridiculous.Example. Start out and have highest level mobs all around you. Spend lets just say 25 (it's going to be more than that) turns on city building. You still wont have a hero, you might be able to defeat a few mobs and maybe even see the enemy AI. Now triple the amount of turns and be in exactly the same place.2 Enemy AI. It sucks. All of it, from random monsters to enemy commanders. Could still change before release though, so dont hold it against this game. More sad than anything. Heroes of Might and Magic 3 has more interesting enemy tactics.3 Tooltips. They also suck. Alot. Be prepared to waste entire games on spells that aren't described correctly. Heroism is a great example: in the tooltip it refers the spell as leveling a unit up to MAX (which seems to do nothing, levels dont SEEM to matter, but im sure they do somehow), what it doesnt tell you is that its an ENCHANTMENT and only levels the unit until you turn off the enchantment, also doesnt work on heroes (HINT: PUT THAT IN THE TOOLTIP).4 The overall look. Its dirty, its ugly and fairly unappealing. I play dwarf fortress and i call this UI ugly. Not indescipherable, just ugly.5 Heroes. They suck. Which is fine, but they are basically just caster units and its IMPOSSIBLE to properly equip them in any reasonable amount of time.6 PROGRESSION. There seems to be none.7 Map spawn options. Can i make more mountains? Controlling the difficulty of the PVE parts of the map (lower/higher monsters) etc would be cool but doesnt exist, be prepared to play fairly identical maps, though this could change.POSITIVES!I love the races, they are actually different.Plethora of magic spells! Some cool ideas that might even work one day.The crafting system shows alot potential but barely works.The planes are cool, as is the traveling between them.ALL them sorcerer options, damn good, maybe the best part of the game as it stands now.CONCLUSIONI have unistalled this game. You should be able to see why. I regret buying this game as well. Maybe it will be better at release. Let this be a lesson in buying things before they are finished"
76561198137337594,Not Recommended,265970,21434483,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,KeneticQuartz,"To tell you the truth. i played it for a long time, and after a while, if ound it completely inferior to a lot of other strategy games. Besides the small lack of content, it is full of glitches, laggy, for Linux it uses mono which makes it EVEN MORE laggy, and all in all, the game is DEAD, mening not in current development."
76561198054702826,Recommended,265970,12079171,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,:),Absolutley a fantasic game. They unlike many games released it early so the community could shape it and so far it's going swell!
,Recommended,265970,15006545,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Merusk,"This game is the successor to Master of Magic in ways all the other games that have failed to be aren't.  All the pieces are there. Spellbooks, Sorcerer Skills, a Turn-Based-Combat grid, Overland and In-Combat spells, Heroes, Artifacts, Races that are unique and play & build cities differently from each other, mana nodes, enhanced materials (think mithril/ adamantium for the old MoM men)In that spirit, the game is unforgiving and doesn't hold your hand in a way modern games and gamers don't seem to understand. There's no story, there's no QTE, there's no awesome custcenes that masquerade as content but really just force you on a path the developers want you to follow.  It's your oldschool 4x game with a fantasy twist.The game was apparently rushed and has it's rough edges. I'm also not a fan of the artwork.  However, since I still fire-up MoM on Dosbox 2-3 times a year that's not an insurmountable problem.It feels good playing an updated version of MoM with some new features.  Expanded spell books (circles in this game) a resolution that doesn't give me headaches/ force me to squint and some QOL features like showing how far units can move. Damn good."
,Not Recommended,265970,14165835,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,jet800,"I've benn following this game since kickstarter announcement. So much hopes. Yet so much frustration.I know this is Early Access but given that release is almost there i suppose thing i would mention won't change.tl;dr version - extremely poor for set price(I bought it with 25% discount and I think I just wated my money), they should offer it with 80% discount, no less.Graphics. Game feels like being made by some students for food. It looks acceptable on screenshots but you'll be freaking♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with visuals ingame, and yes I'm talking about graphics in 4X strategy being 4X lover, trust me this game looks bad.User Interface. It is inconvenient. I mean there's hella lot of things scattered around and you must check here, there and there to get full picture of something. Nothing compared to Endless Legend or Fallen Enchantress nice and firm UIs. Also spell icons are so similar and texts are so small you'll have hard time reading what you're going cast/research.Atmosphere. There's no atmosphere, no city or places or unit sound to immerse you, no effects. No unified visual style. Text for desciptions is very blunt, written withou passion, noone beat AoW for unit and races descriptions as for, but this game is too bad to even try to compare. Old MoM still easily beats it by being more atmospheric.Guide. In-game tooltips are quite good giving you right desriptions of what to do in each screen."
76561197996025113,Recommended,265970,15080161,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,athelasloraiel,"Good game, full of surprises (good ones). latest update (5th from release and thats like a week or less) and all is stable. Havebnt had a bug in 30 turns.Anyway, devs are really responsive and we are getting new content daily.As a friend wrote recently:""This game is a diamond in the rough that is being rapidly polished, and I for one am delighted to have it available to me.""Couldn+t agree more."
76561198030693229,Recommended,265970,14994859,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,chadandbrandyjohnson,"First off, the game is meant to be a spiritual successor to Master of Magic.  I haven't played that game since it came out so my memory is not great.  I do see some of the influences though.  I'll let someone else make more comparisons there.What do I like about the game?1.  Setting:  I am a sucker for fantasy games and this is pure fantasy all the way through.  The various planes on which you can battle are well represented.2.  Graphics:  Overall, I like the graphics.  The animations are sometimes a bit stilted but overall I like it.  I particularly like seeing each city on the city screen evolve as I add more buildings.3.  Combat:  It's turn-based and d20 so you kind of feel like you're playing out an RPG battle at times.  I do feel cheated on occasion by the dice rolls but anyone who played D&D will understand that feeling.4.  Spells:  There are a ton of these, as there should be.  They run the usual RPG gamut from buffs to DOT's to direct damage spells and are nicely presented.Overall, you get a nice variety of races that play differently, a ton of fantasy type enemies to battle against, and all the 4X you can soak up.  Are there bugs?  Sure.  Is it perfect?  No.  But I strongly believe in the development team based on their support so far.  If you're looking for turn based strategy, fantasy, or a 4X game, you should definitely give this a try."
76561198003141183,Recommended,265970,15010458,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,DoctorD,"I think they succeeded in making this the Master of Magic successor.  If you liked the original, then you'll like this game."
,Not Recommended,265970,16778051,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Frunobulax,"Worst. Tutorial.  EVER.  ♥♥♥♥ this game, I give up.  If I can't figure out how to play it, and it won't tell me, screw that.  Bad ourchase.  Too bad, it mighthave had some potential - if there were asny way to figure out how to play it.  I couldn't gtet past the first turn.  ""Still more stuff to do in the city"".  WHAT??? WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE???????"
76561198072370060,Recommended,265970,15050119,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Elhazzared,"This is the best 4X game ever made since MoM.Alright, so a little bit for those of you still reading the review as most people only skim the first few letters.The game is off to a bit of a rough start. It was released before being ready to be release due to contractual obligations, however the devs are patching the game on a daily basis lmost and are always on the forum keeping a look out for bugs or questions and sugestions.During early access the devs have been the most responsive and actually using feedback from the testers. So many things were introduced and changed due to feedback which shows the passion of the devs fr this project.So why is this a great game? It has a great civilisation building depth while not going so deep that it's a headache.There are tons and tons of spells and you can use many combinations and archieve tactical victories through many means. Either having hordes of empored units or great damaging spells or taking control of the enemy. Just to name a few really... The whole game has a great deal of depth without actually going into the realm of grand strategy depth.So what are the problems? Well the first one relates to the learning curve. Until you learn what you need to have a good start and what enemy units can do you will find yourself being kicked in the rear time and time again. You will however not have much of a problem if you used to play MoM since it's a lot like it.Now for the temporary problems. There are a few spells missing. There are a few disciplines missing, sounds are mising (it was outsourced and the guys screwed so it got late to the devs), there are bugs (most not game breaking though), there is a lack of polish and there is some more optimisation to be done. Now for me and many people these aren't really anything that will stop the enjoyment of the game. However, with so much updating and bug fixing coming so quickly, more often than not saves are not compactible so if you don't have a lot of time to play, it's very possible that you won't be able to finish games for a while.I imagine that it will take it a couple weeks to a month at best to get everything missing and have the game relatively bug free (at least without gamebreaking bugs (there aren't any now but they show up every now and then with an update)).So if you can't deal with the current state of teh game, hold off in buying it for a couple of weeks or a month. if you can deal with it, it's a great game and it will only get better. Definitly the best 4X made since MoM."
76561198044923777,Recommended,265970,14159308,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,maestroanth,It's a combination of Heroes of Might and Magic and Civilization with a low learning curve which makes it fun.  Implementing the D20 system for a strategy game like this sold it for me.
76561198037537653,Not Recommended,265970,15726162,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,avest2nd,Worst game ever.  It will not load.  Total waste of your money.
76561198074540449,Not Recommended,265970,15092184,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Jinxos,"Not recommended, and overpriced for the experience it offers.  You start off being thrown in a cluttered map without any (useful) tutorial, and are constantly trying to make sense of the incredibly messy interface.  Kudos for releasing for Linux, but terrible execution leading to a very bad experience from the get go."
76561198072943670,Not Recommended,265970,21558813,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Paquete,Too buggy
,Not Recommended,265970,15769675,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,squig,Buggy and I really want to enjoy this game but its bad
76561198030899809,Not Recommended,265970,15089878,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Gros Shadok,"When I started to play this game it was during the beta and I was dissappointed but didn't criticized too much because it was a beta. But now that the beta is over and that we are in version 1.0.5 I'm sad to say that I still don't like this game simply because I don't feel any enjoyment when I play with it. It's probably in big part because the ergonomy is bad and this annoys very quickly.Since there are several others games of this type currently on Steam, at similar price, for example Endless Legend and Sorcered King, I'd recommand to buy one of them because they are much better (in my opinion).As far as I'm concern, I'm immediatly going to uninstall Worlds of Magic and play more interesting games. Bye !"
76561198021958386,Not Recommended,265970,15120474,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,zecarlo,"The game seems awesome, specially for the fans of the old Masters of Magic.Unfortunately after trying hard I have to rate it as unplayable: crashes, slow game and slow interface (very common sequence that would happen: clicks get unregistered, I move the wrong unit, it gets backstabbed ... and reloading the game takes forever). At some point the pain > pleasure ..."
76561197963728034,Not Recommended,265970,30548799,Posted: 16 March,all,blq,KI doesn't do anything in battle.
76561198004190696,Not Recommended,265970,12104070,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,pantaz,"This game needs A LOT of work before I would recommend anyone play.  I see the potential, but the UI is SO bad right now.  It is not intuitive, their ""tips"" are a horrible excuse for a tutorial on how to play.  After watching a handful of videos of others playing it on Youtube, I learned a few tricks, but still found battles absolutely silly (not knowing what or how many enemies your army would interact with) and very boring.  I would recommend the devs check out Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes and get a few UI ideas from it.I wish I could get my money back."
76561198006668471,Recommended,265970,18099497,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,titanzwh,"Although this game is not very perfect, but it is still trying to innovate, so I still support it and buy it, I want to give developers some encouragement, let them make the game better. Because I know it is getting harder and harder to innovate today."
76561198137988958,Recommended,265970,25518002,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Sulamandora,This frame is incredibly nostalgic for anyone who enjoyed MOM this is a great sequel.  As they iron out the bugs the gameplay has improved.  Incredibly addictive.
76561198012286474,Recommended,265970,19432627,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,carl.philpot1,"i am a hardcore strategy gamer of about 20 years or so, and i have to say that this game is fantastic !!"
76561198024454798,Recommended,265970,14961754,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,StevenK32,press 'N' ingame for the true old school.I definitly recommend this to any fantasy-fan.Keep on playing guys!
76561198046911452,Recommended,265970,16018164,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,flaviookb,Give it a try!
76561198007850164,Recommended,265970,15432814,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Rezna,"If you liked Master of Magic, you will like to play this. It has the same elements with some elegant changes toward ease of use. And so far the devs have held up against the demand to make improvements."
76561197979777078,Recommended,265970,15425462,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,CoyoteTheClever,"It is incredibly rough around the edges, but this is probably the truest successor to Master of Magic that there is."
76561198006238821,Not Recommended,265970,12088591,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,lion_2_at,"The game has great potential. But as it is now, it s very hard to play. I mean it isn t fun yet.Long loading times. Help tips just pop up for pretty much eveything. Unit production takes 1o turns... and you don t see how many monsters there are in a dungeon. can be 2 but its even possible its 12.If you loose your army it takes pretty much forever to get the next one.Building time is 100 turns for the armory.....folks i want to play the game and not wait 100 turns just to build the armory. Granery 36 turns. Folks that s too much time on unimportant things.A game like that was out in the 90th. It was called Master of Magic and it was more fun playing, because it was running and not lagging."
76561198030934463,Recommended,265970,15014438,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,lewisoutrider,Just a few hours playing time and I'm pleased with what I've experienced.  My only gripe is the mini map.  It is so low res that it is barely functional and spoils the look of the game in my opinion.
76561198036241399,Not Recommended,265970,13109580,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Galmor,If there is any game that is like Masters of Magic this is definatly it! Sadly this game is full of bugs. I realize this is a dev build but frankly I was quite dissapointed with the game for what I paid for it. This game is definately NOT worth $30-$40 not in the state it is in right now. I think if the author is diligent it has the portential to be a really awesome game but my advice to other gamers is wait a little while before you pick this up or at least wait until it goes on sale for less.
76561198046448243,Not Recommended,265970,12342093,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,deathscale,As of right now you  have to wait too long in early game to get city going also or no food or negative energy and starting troops will desert. Also startig troops seem to be underpowered until at least 35-50 tunrs into the game. Will give it some leeway since it is development version but really hope to see better balancing and also get like 7 fps with my comp and it is upper tier system. I have Master of Magic and play through Dos Box and it is much better as things stand now. ( miss the right click option to get more detailed info on whatver is you're looking at). Unlike many of the folks on here I find the graphics to be not appealing and borrow too heavily from other modern games in the genre *cough* Fallen Enchantres *cough*. Maybe I am hung up on nostalgia but wish they had more of throwback to Master of Magic graphics.All in all it IS development version so not everything is implemented yet. SO as it is now I cannot recommend this version unless you want an active roll in the development process. I do however believe that this game will be an awesome game when the developers have delivered on everything that is in the pipeline.
,Not Recommended,265970,14103476,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Lensman,"Sadly, advertises Multi-player functionality, but it is only available through PBEM (Play By EMail). If you want a 4x fantasy game you can actually PLAY with friends one evening, stick with AoW3, Warlock 2, or Endless Legend.Deceptive Advertising 0/10"
76561197985066826,Not Recommended,265970,12106327,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,PwntEFX,"I don't recommend the purchase YET (mid Sep 2014).  I was very excited by the screenshots and other reviews; I love turn based strategy games; I've been an avid Civilization fan for years (up until they nerfed the franchise with Civ V).  The gameplay is kind of like a basic version of Civilization (city management) with turn based 4X battles and a healthy dose of RPG magic.  Although I think the game has promise, at $40, I was very disappointed; I would have returned it if I could have.  Lots of bugs; gameplay still clunky and not smooth.My main criticisms are two fold:(1) The in-game information is severly lacking, leading you to kind of guess at what you're doing, especially without a tutorial.  For example,*In the world creation screen, you have to select spells, but they never tell you what the spell actually does, e.g., +1 damage, or +1 health.  You have to pick them based on a vague description (or prior knowledge).*During gameplay, certain tiles offer ""bonuses"" like Civilzation, but you have no idea what they do or why you would need them.*When in a tactical battle, you don't know how many action points are left for any given unit or the mana cost of certain unit spells.*On the info screen for all your cities, data would be much easier to access if displayed in a big table: cities in rows and data types in columns, instead it's displayed in a cumbersome graphic.*Before you build units, you don't know what their attack/defense powers are.  There's no in-game tech tree, so I don't know what researching one spell will lead to.*Upkeep cost on spells is buried in info screen; it should be on the spell graphic somewhere easily accessible at a glance.*The city view screen is a nice view of the town, but doesn't give me any useful in game info: I'd rather it take up less screen real estate and make it easier to access what my city can build.  I don't need a ""producing"" and ""queue"" tab in city screen: collapse them and offer the number of turns till finished on same screen.(2) The actions and/or information you're typically going after are buried beneath too many button clicks or hard to manage sliders.*You can convert gold into mana on the Alchemy tab, but it needs a + and - button to increment by units and not just drag back and forth, or be able to type a number.*You are able to convert ""power"" generated by temples/shrines into mana/research, but shifting between mama/spellcraft/research is SO annoying: trying to put extra power in specific spots isn't easy.*This game NEEDS keyboard commands.*When in the city build screen, I have to click on a button to see that buildings I can build in a pop up screen, and yet antoher to see what units I could build.Finally, there are some elements of the game they haven't quite thought through: For example, in character creation, you can chose a ""bad trait,"" such as a gold storage cap, that will give you more 2 skill points; however, you can also chose the ""alchemist"" trait which allows you to freely convert mana into gold and vice versa at a cost of only one skill point.  Since you can convert for free, you might as well ""store"" your gold as mana and get the free skill point in the beginning.  Of course, if you can freely convert between the two ""currencies,"" why have two of them?  It's just annoying."
,Recommended,265970,21496963,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ettibebs,Vers close to good old MoM. Realy liked it. Still a few rough edge to correct but overall great game.
76561198036019166,Not Recommended,265970,22933616,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,tictactoe_13,"If you like madennign sessions ""left-click-forearm to desk"" then this is the title for you!This game promises to make you want to love it, but the cost of it will be your sanity.Maybe the re-work will win some people back.  Stay tuned."
,Not Recommended,265970,14226465,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Ronnie,"Hi Folks Worlds of Magic has Banned me from their forum for giving constructive criticism about a game that has no A.I whatsoever. Meaning this game will not challenge you as the A.I waits and does nothing until you conquer them or they all die off to the nuetral.I've been called a troll, and names by Kickstart Backers which shows their lack of being professional and banning their customer which hurts their reputation.I made a video cast on youtube going over everything at the link below. Do not Buy this game, They treat their customers horrible and the game literally is at the bottom of all 4x games .... Diplomacy during speaking to a sorcerer lord you cannot see animation whatsoever and this is 2015 ? They call this Masters of Magic remake when it's not. This game in my opinion is being designed by rookies who do not know anything about customer service along with having a poor production.You can watch my youtube review at the link belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYyGsjaXWCM"
76561198006537241,Not Recommended,265970,12078815,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,daurgothoth,"Still, got too many bugs, player's army is stuck in the edge of map and can't move, or in battlefield, unit's can't move in middle of combat. with no special circumstances. some unit's didn't have move motion, so it move like a freezing fish. and if u set all three planet at begins, it makes crash of game loading.I suggest to other players who wanna buy this game, Wait for next version of Wom, this version is not running smoothly.9/14  updated patch-  even worse to play. sometimes units can't see in battlefield.and can't click the main menu options.My point is very clear. Do not buy this game now.I try to get some positive attitude for this game but every time i run this thing is crashed, stuck in middle of battle. can't test it. beta is beta, i know that,but at least make running version to customer.some old MoM fans keep saying think about this game's potential, or early excess problem things...well, consider everything about that, this thing is not very good.in game playing, i feel like playing 90s game, 3D version. illustration is good, but that's all, outdated game ui, boaring battle...there are planty of turnbase rts today 2014, and this thing? looks like a cell phone app game to me."
76561197972443865,Recommended,265970,12083803,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,IFuckYourFace,"Not worth 40 bucks,  at least not yet. Clunky and disjonted. Combat is very Bleh.  I wish I could un-buy it. :(Get Warlock Master of the Arcane, much better value at the moment."
76561197993739192,Not Recommended,265970,12084118,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,squashnerd,"This is a terrible game.  The concept sounds cool, but the controls and total lack of a working tutorial make the game un-playable.  Perhaps it will be better when the game is finally released."
76561198009839911,Not Recommended,265970,18295706,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,AndyK131,This is one of the most enoying Bug factory i have tried and not CLOSE to the old GOOD game. every litle thing takes to long time to load and every battle is a gamble couse the game frezzes or crashes 50% of the time. facing a battle whit low threath  indication and you loose if you chose auto combat ......  Wtf  how does that even work ? . I think i have reintstalled and tryed playing after every patch but it just keeps getting worse and i  gett♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so iam uninstalling it every time. If this was a indevelopmnet game i would fell better about it but what i can see it should be done.   (sorry if the english is bad)
76561198032315877,Not Recommended,265970,21115333,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,EWW,TERRIBLE.  JUST TERRIBLE.  IF you must buy it then set a timer; Make sure you play less than two hours or steam wont give you your money back... even though it is a 4x game and to truly play one takes longer they still rejected my request for refund.  Appeal pending..
76561198008265661,Not Recommended,265970,13274033,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Blackwall,"These are my initial comments after just a few hours in the game.  By this time, players should be well aware that Early Access means game is in development.  If you are interested in a fully realized strategy game, head on over the Civ or Fallen Enchantress and come back to this one another day.  Because it is Early Access, there's no need to point out that it is unfinished or buggy in spots, that's a given.As a long-time strategy game player, there are certain things I like to see.First, the strategy map.  Player's spend a lot of time here, so what's it like?  WoM's map is beautiful with a variety of unique location icons that are precise and well realized.  These add a defnite charm to the game and make exploring more than just a goody hut hunt.   Armies on the map are represented by one large unit icon with individual animations that again adds charm and interest.  The unit flags are easily seen, with good crisp colors and devices on them.  You'll never be wondering which faction an army belongs to.  Expect standard features, such are tile descriptions and bonus resources for cities.   To sum up here, this is one of the best strategy maps I have played on.Next, the city screen.   The visuals of the city screen are superb.  I very much like the framing style, which strongly suggests a medieval city.  There's a large central field that shows your city as it grows from a few houses to a large, robust city.  Management of population is straightforward and unfussy.  Perks are clear.   Current build options are clear and may be queued.  You can rename your cities and move easily from one to the next.  What's not to like?  Well, a couple of things.  When a negative event effects a city, you can't tell what it is or how long it will last.  You receive a strategy level notice when it occurs, and then it is gone.  I found this disconcerting.  If there is high unrest in my cities due to an event, I want to know that and not spend time building happiness buildings I dont' need and won't impact the event-causing unhappiness.   Likewise, if my income is inflated due to an event, I want to know that as well.   As simple as the daily income of food, gold and research is, I also found it confusing when compared to the overall gold, food and research and couldnt' get the two to correlate, even with just one city.  I finally decided to completely ignore this and just look at the overall pluses or negatives.  For those who really like to  manage to the fraction, this aspect of city management might not be satisfactory.   This is definitely an aspect of the city screen that could use some greater explanation or tool tips.  Lastly, there is no list of completed buildings.  I'm not sure this is required, but is convenient.  To sum up, the visual style and lay out of the city screen is excellent, but missing some of the information I generally like to see.Lastly, combat.  I don't expect combat in a strategy game like this to be a top priority.  This isn't Total War.  I often don't have time to fight evey battle and so the AI auto-resolve is important.   Auto-resolve works fairly well here, winning obvious battles and taking appropriate damage.  Units can heal after battle, even out of territory.  On my combat map, I missed being about to rotate the map. Rocks, for instance, can obscure your view of enemies.  I found the initial set up stages confusing.  The battlemap in is need of a few more tooltips or an initial tutorial to describe the set up phases.  Other than that, battle proceeds as you expect, with exchange of blows, special powers being cast, and so forth.My overall impression is very favorable.  I'd like to see more information on the city screen at this stage and better explanation of the opening phases on the battlemap.  Still, the improvements in the past few months have pushed the game up the playabilty scale.   The overall design is top notch, the strategy and city screens extremely well realized.   Definitely one to keep on your list.Edit on December  21, 2015I've come back a year later and find the game in only slightly better condition than a year ago.  While a year ago the game looked promising and some of it's idea exciting, it's unfortunately has not progressed to a point where the game is actually enjoyable.  Consequently, I am sad, as many others are, not to be able to recommend this game.InterfaceThe interface, while still as beautiful as before, just doesn't get the job done.  It is not easy to move between units and cities.  The building list in cities isn't done very intuitively; you have to look really hard to find the tiny arrow that let's you go to the next page.  The Escape key doesn't work on anything, so you need to constantly go to the bottom right-hand radial to move between game elements or even to save your game.  In other words, you have to fight the interface every step of the way to play the game.CombatAs before, with a 4x game, you can't expect Total War, but combat here has a  couple of problems, including the terrible combat sounds and the lack of animation to show attacks.  You hear a sound and then numbers rise up indicating damage and then some of your units fall over.  There is simply no comparison to Sorcerer King's combat, which is the closest I can come to in terms of developer intent.  And it is not even in the same category as Endless Legends.GameplayThis is where I think the most trouble lies.  If the gameplay were better, other issues would be balanced out or overlooked.The most exciting part of the game is the set up.  Deciding your magic spheres, your race, your sorcerer, your spells.  This is where you see the game's possibilities.   But then you're on the map, and you have your few starting units.  The first thing you discover is that you don't have enough resources to build any more units.  So you take out your starting units and find out that with the exception of a few abandoned caravans, everything around you has guardians significantly higher than you and  your crappy level 1 units.  You wander the map looking for roamers to attack to try to level up, while you stockpile enough gold to be able to build some more units.The mechanics of the gold/food/mana/research are fine, they just aren't robust enough.  There's no where to see what your actual empire-wide gold expense is.  You can only view it city by city.   Moreover, rebels arise, sapping both your food and your productions capabilites, very early in the game, far earlier than you have any ability to deal with them.  You are stuck with either having rebellious, food eating citizens, or dropping your taxes down to where you have no gold income and need to build Trade to keep your army from deserting.   So while you are aimlessly roaming the map looking for someway to level your troops so that you can actually play, you have to watch out for your own citizens destroying your economy.This adds up to a lot of unfun game time.  Many of these issues could be solved with better balance on the strategic map, more lower level ruins to explore and more low-level roamers to fight allowing you to build up your army and cranking down the city unrest so that you have a good sense of the game play before you have to deal with economy problems.   Again, the closest comparison I can think of is Fallen Enchantress/Sorcerer King, which provides many opportunities for you to find loot and level your troops, while exploring the map and dodging real trouble.One last note, I could not get crafting to work.  I attempted to craft a ring, which should have taken 7 turns, but at the end of 20, it still had not crafted.  Moreover, there was no indication of when the game thought it would be crafted, so I simply deleted it from the queue, which did not restore any resources, but did allow my mana to start building."
76561198109500046,Not Recommended,265970,17903541,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,hobotone,"meh. 6/10 and I'm being generous, because if you like 4x, you may get your money's worth.....maybe. The UI is serviceable , if a bit wonky and counterintuitive. The artwork is nice, but not mindblowing. There are lots of bugs. It seems strange to encounter fiery demon horses and majestic unicorns guarding the same feature,  or to have some undead sorcerer lord readily accept an offer of peace and cooperation from my high elves; but hey, moral ambiguity is hip these days, so maybe it's your thing too. There are just too many 4x titles out there that are way better, and some of them are way cheaper."
76561198042560903,Not Recommended,265970,12718511,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Vic Poonstache,"Game been out awhile has a few updates already. The game got worse. I truly had high hopes for this game. Personally I guess it will be abandoned by the ""developers' shorty.1-- Most if not every PROFESSIONAL review i saw of the game gives it very poor grades. They try to be nice (as it is a Kick starter project allegedly, and it is is the successor to MoM)2-- It does one thing better than MoM, one..... It introduces 8 planes instead of 2.3-- Virtually everything else is much worse than MoM. Now keep in mind MoM had many glitches and bugs, until it was abandoned and the ""mod community"" made their OWN patch. This fixed 95% of the problems. Hopefully the same happens here.4-- The steam forums for this game are a joke. I am of the opinion many of the posts are developer employees scamming comments. a typical 'bug complaint' goes like this. ""hey guys, great game, but sometimes when I research spell XYZ i notice the graphic doesnt show up as completed. Other than that, Awesome game"", the devs OFFICIALY reply ""hmm thanks for pointing that out, we will take a look at that now, thanks for the heads up and we are glad you enjoy the game"".   (I saw about 50-100 posts near exact like this.) HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAa Real post would be like the ones that get deleted, or are in the REVIEWS listed here "" umm. I cant play Undead, literaly i have tried 11 games. and within 1 hour to 4 hours in the game, it gets corrupted and unplayable.   UNPLAYABLE"", or ""how is this game released. it has so many game crashes, it has such horrible grammar, missing icons, WRONG Descriptions (really.... shambling mound STILL SAYS it regenerates???? really????)  and the AI is the worst ive seen in a game since 1981.""5-- Speaking of the crashes. There will be many and often. Usually during the ONE battle u cant ""auto fight"" to get out of. (though they are few. since the AI is a moron). U will fight this battle. be 8 minutes in... CRASH... (well the game gets stuck. u have to alt tab. and close. then restart). This awesome feature means you will LITERALLY save the game every 2 turns. Because once the game gets fun, you will be battling a lot. and thus crashing often. So better save.. and Hope that save doesnt get corrupted. (yes the saves get corrupted rarely).6-- AI... Oh my lord. I love strategy games, but am not a god at them. I would say i can beat most on average the first or second game. and then move up to the level before ""deity"" or ""ultra hard"" by my fifth game....  I never beat Deity (for example) without exploits, or an uber team.   ( example: play Life, and have TORIN in MoM... equals instant win, with no skill whatsoever) This game is so bad, the AI opponents Dont survive.... Yes read that again. THEY DONT SURVIVE on their own.Now some of you may have read the fake post some dude put in forums ""hey guys this is my turn 104 game. notice I have every city, all spells, all spell circles.. etc..""   HAHAHAH right kid.. RIght...This game starts spawning Roaming Monsters. and guess what, they hit citys. Including the enemy. You can watch even on the hardest difficulty when u take CARTOGRAPHER skill. You see whole map and watch the Roaming monsters kill95% of the AI citys lol.... ""Oh look, Orange dude is doing good, he has 7 citys... Oh dear, hes down to 5... oooops now 3. I better make an army and go kill some before they are all NEUTRAL, and i can steal them with a Magic Spirit....""I could write forever. Basically this game is a joke. There is no skill involved. and the AI is far far worse than MoM was back in 1990 or whenever it came out. a 10 year old kid can beat this on hardest level, with Skeletons, Spirit, and Spearman. (bah just skeletons... WIN whole game. )7- Move.. The game was made for Multiplayer (hahah) so they try to balance. I wonder how many people play dwarves. They move ONE square per turn. ONE.. maybe... if theyre lucky. what a boring boring race. Have fun playing and moving ONE SQUARE.  Even the Draconians which can move up to 5... FLYING.. really move about 2-3.  SO on any map above medium u spend hours just walking. UGH. And as to balance. It makes every army feel the exact same. (in MoM trolls regen, dark elves shot magic, dwarves were super tough.. etc) not here. Balance means all armys equally lame.8-- The game forces u to do the lamest battles ever. Remember i said, ""only play on hardest level"" well it wont help. You can attack a city with 6 spearman defenders and a wall. with 16 DOOMDRAKES (flying, most powerful normal unit in game.) and u will retreat. ( apparently they can fly over walls when u control them, but not on AUTO fight. (same with spiders that climb walls, or the way those 6 spearman kill your catapult, when u have 15 DOOMdrakes protecting.)9-- all in all, its a poor ripoff of MoM, it does nothing new, and nothing better except more planes. (which most are bugged.... too long to write how). the UI, the AI, all worse...Dont buy.... DO NOT BUYFIrst Review:......(condensed)..................................................................................................................This game is beta. or alpha.. or early acess. NUFF SAID.  Do not embarrass the gaming community by posting a negative review based on a bug or glitch. etc..Anyway, My thoughts upon hearing of this game were "" yeah, heard that before"" when it comes to ""Masters of Magic"" Spiritual Successor.  Many of you know what im talking about, and based on the reviews, and forum posts. YOU CARE about MoM, and if this game is like it. Well I played the game. and I can offer some Early opinions.1-- MoM is rated number 1 strategy game in many many peoples minds, and on NUMEROUS strategy game sites. Feel free to google Master of Magic and read the reviews.2-- MoM was broken. Plain and simple. It had goofy AI, it didnt play on 90% of peoples machines when it came out, or later. without tweaking the DoS files.. etc.. You could "" beat the game"" with a certain strategy every time ""Hint: Get Torin"". Yet the 'fun' in that game and replayabilty was out of this world. Which is why so many of us strategy gamers still love it. (I personally think the Strategy guide was the best strat guide book ever published. IM not exaggerating lol. Even it was Fun to read.)Now to WoM ""Worlds of Magic""It is DEFINITELY the successor to MoM. Without a doubt the Closest based on MECHANICS and GAMEPLAY that I've ever seen. Nothing else comes close. Not Age of Wonders, Not Enchantress. Nothing. Even in this early alpha u can see how similar the games will be.For instance...The races are unique. Not just a new graphic with same rock paper scissors this troop beats that troop. Each Race (so far) has unique attributes that seem to follow the path MoM did. I am hoping (praying) that Dark Elves come in..... and they have something like the ""ranged magic"". It really separated them from the humans and their first strike magic immune paladins for example.There are multiple planes. Much like Myrrhan and Normal.. Here you have MORE than just two. I cant wait to see if certain races are unique to only certain plains etc..You can craft Magic ItemsYou have a diverse collection of Tile upgrades (remember those Mythral and Adamantium tiles in MoM, you could jack up your Halfling slingers with??? muhoohahaahaha)The spells are variedThe spell schools are variedSummoning can be viable early, and a good strategyYou can acquire ""more"" spell ""books"" by hitting 'dungeons"" etc... So far i havent found a skill ""such as alchemy"" but it doesnt mean it isnt there or wont be.  I loved that I could pick all spell books and ""find"" all other skills (or many) with hitting NODES.. in MoM. This game appears to have the same mechanicsThe battlefield is Similar. Squares u move around, Turn Based. Etc.All in all. That seems to sum up most of the things that set MoM apart. And this game is on the right track in matching or exceeding those expectations"
,Not Recommended,265970,12363782,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Khan Voices,Even after a number of patches and updates. It still lacks a lot of polish and the devs seem to think taking old UIs instead of streamlining systems is the best way to go. Still an ok game for hardcore fans but not really what i was looking for as someone who likes some complexity to learn but also like good interfaces and as little redundancy as possible.
