user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198029904073,Recommended,265990,9708257,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Turoki,"Death Simulator 2000. I hate this game. I hate it with every fiber of my being. I die over and over again. Then, like a ray of hope, I start to progress. Level 6, then 7. Level 9.. could it be? Level 10. Fully geared. Reset the dungeon twice. Im finally making progress.Then I open a door to 3 orcs and a wolf. Well, theres 2 hours of wasted progress.Screw this game....Alright, one more go."
76561198012086158,Not Recommended,265990,12739059,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Phazon,"Oh Jesus Christ, where do I start.The learning curve caps relatively early (15 hours in I learned all the tricks and neat strats alone. 35? Went online and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Found out more.)After the learning curve caps out, then it's the RNG grinding. There's not too much you can do to manipulate the game in your favor with the equipment you have to make a really distinctive difference. And it sucks. It takes a lot of control out of the player's hands and it feels really sloppy to scoop up anything beyond a kill in a 2 v 1 fight. Either you win or you don't. And it's seldom close.You need to grind for more starting equipment. Prodegies. Traits. It's really cruel and unusual. It's basically telling the gamer you aren't meant to play this for the first time and win. Ever. See; ToME, NetHack, Stone Soup. Roguelikes where every class comes at face value and you CAN potentially GG with ALL of them. It takes a lot out of you.Leveling up is a curse and you actually literally need Woof to potentially win the game. Enemies scale with your level. Equipment drops stay relatively the same. It really, really sucks. Woof, on the other hand, can be at level 20, while you coast at level 2. It's really needed for early/mid gaming where you can stall levels with your dog.I wouldn't dare recommend it to anyone. It's ♥♥♥♥ing suicide. It's a good price? It's very challenging? I've obviously sunk a lot of hours into it but I'm not. It's. No.EDIT:: Y'all can't sit here and seriously blame people who ""just aren't hxc roguelike fans"". ♥♥♥♥ing Dungeon Crawl wouldn't do some♥♥♥♥♥♥like this and it's damn hard for all the right reasons.There's roguelikes, and then there's this. This isn't standard roguelike formula. This is hell."
,Not Recommended,265990,9658685,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Derboburba,"Enjoy all the brutalizing by procs?  This game is for you.  Marvel at the game throwing an enemy at you on the second floor that kills you in two hits.  Watch as the only way for you to progress is barred by a door in a narrow hallway with a deadly spike pit in front of it, creating a scenario where you actually can not succeed.  Gaze in awe as the first mushroom you attempt to pluck poisons you, the poison being uncurable and lethal by normal means and forcing you to sell necessary provisions in order to cure it.  It's a good thing that chance is such a big factor in this game that it renders most of the skills undesirable, seeing as how you will probably not find a bow, but will find lots of arrows.Don't bother with this game, it's obnoxious to the point that it removes most of the fun, and it moves like mud, which is a feat for a roguelike.  Yes, this game crawls at a crawl.Clearly unfinished.Addendum: I am still playing this game because I want to like it, and the MUD-like net play is really fun, but holy cow man, you really have to put it in for this one."
,Recommended,265990,19753707,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Fail Tank,"I got this game for two fiddy during the last sale and was like ""am I going to play this? Probably not but I'll have more than three dollars of regret if I don't pick it up"". I started playing it one night because I just wanted to get it out of my head. I played it, I was frustrated by it, and slightly intrigued. The next day, I played it a little more and read the website to get some of the inner workings of the mechanics. The next day, I played it basically all damn day long. Now I'm hooked.What is this game? I'm so glad you asked, incredibly pliable hypothetical reader. It's a roguelike. You take one (or later, two) actions per turn. Then everything else gets a turn. A large amount of the game is driven by luck, and permadeath, and unlocking things that will make your characters stronger forever...starting after your next death. It follows in the vein of Nethack, Dungeons of Dredmor, TOME, and ADOM. You will die. You will die a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton. People will describe it as a terrible game for masochists, because it makes them feel good for beating it. I'm old enough to know that any game is really just a matter of time and motivation, and whether it's hardcore roguelikes, or bullet hell shooters, there ain't nothing to it but time and dedication to a meaningless diversion. Play it because it's fun, or don't if it's not.As I was saying, it's a roguelike. I've played other roguelikes before, but I bounced off almost all of them super hard. FTL, Binding of Isaac, and Our Darker Purpose is about my level of tolerance for roguelike(likes). But this one? For some reason I'm hooked. I've played better roguelikes before, but I haven't liked any of them better. I've now spread the Rogue's Tale virus to three other people. Two of them are hooked, one hasn't installed it yet. It's inexplicable.Let me talk mechanics for a little bit, since my subjective rambling is doing no good. You have to be okay with dying. The game is not judging you. You are not bad for dying on the first floor. The game isn't laughing at you. Sometimes you just walk down the stairs and get killed by an orc with a pickaxe before the game even truly begins. You have to make peace with that. Restarting takes about all of 10 seconds. The longer a run goes, the more control you gain over it. If you die at level 1, it's easy to cry BS RNG, but when you hit level 20, it's almost definitely going to be your own stupidity that kills you. The first time you die to a curse at level 8, you'll cry BS RNG. The second time, it'll be because you weren't able to find a curse immunity item before the undead mage got you. The third time it'll be because you abused the line of sight around a corner, charged the mage, but he got a lucky shot off before he died. The fourth time, you'll win and manage to fast travel back to town before the curse kills you, pay a little gold and survive the ordeal.Part of the game is learning every little nuance, every right reaction, every micro-tactic. You have to fight an air elemental? Better have a ring of elements or a shock ward amulet. Don't have those? Stay at range. You're a melee character? Switch to a 2hander and hope you kill him before the lightning stun kicks in and lets the guy pick you apart at his leisure. Don't think you're strong enough to do that? Then avoid the fight. Lure him into other enemies, and let them fight, or just push a boulder down the stairs and find a new dungeon.A surprisingly large part of this game is knowing when to give up. When you're new, you think you're supposed to win every fight, and you can't. That's part of why everyone loves to decry the RNG so much. Poker players don't go all-in every hand, and trying to do so means you have no idea how to play poker. So it is with Rogue's Tale. You learn to recognize when fights will be too hard for you to faceroll, and you'll either try to win by using scrolls and potions, or use the environment against them, or you'll avoid the fight entirely. Or you'll roll the dice and hope you come out a winner. That usually gets you killed though. There are three situations in Rogue's Tale where you'll die: when you're starting the game and still vulnerable to RNG, when you misjudge the difficulty of a fight and you don't realize your mistake in time, and finally, when you just do something incredibly stupid. I shot a boss with a wand of crippling before, hoping to wreck him with complete impunity. Little did I know his amulet reflected orb spells and weapons, and that a wand of crippling counts as a weapon or orb, and that I myself was not completely immune to the worst afflictions that the wand could cause. Over the next two dozen turns, I watched helplessly as my character was paralyzed, and the boss calmly strolled up and killed me extremely slowly. At least, it would have been slowly if I had any ability to react.Anyway, the game is great, and I'm hopelessly addicted. Don't buy the hype about the RNG, it only is really bad when you haven't invested much time into your run anyway. You'll learn cool tricks like turning enemies into rats and throwing cheese at them to tame them."
,Not Recommended,265990,9667493,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Gary Dozer,Another dev mistakes randomness for difficulty. You'll be wasting hours dying trying until you will finally get some lucky streak. Absolutely no skill or strategy involved. Just roll the dice and 9 out of 10 times you die. And even if you're lucky to live more than 20 minutes you'll eventually will be killed by some unexpected thing that RNG will throw at you without any logic behind it.Pure fail and garbage in a pile of roguelike wannabees.
,Not Recommended,265990,9673630,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Zeemond,"woah my first negative review ever. I wish the game had any subtlety, or an easy to acess which command = which action. Lets say the game is brutal, punishes you as far as one shotting you in the very first room, even in the turorial. Otherwise it just feels a bit pointless. Imagine a game like dwarf fortress adventure mode or ADOM, but stripped barebone and add a little better graphics. yeah.. What ends it for me is that the game is just too brutal and luck based, for whatever reward it gives. The stats are limited to +3 from the starting ones, which feels a bit..limiting considering the scope of a game and the customisation we wish to have, items are a lot more relevant than the rest. ive had only 1 good-lucky run because the only monsters i encountered were the harmless kind. 1 out of 12 runs was 'ok'. I spent hours to make it to level 5 that one time, and even then i was only able to identify 2 of my 12 items in my inventory (lack gold cant sell if not identified). all of which were basic item, nothing special but the amulets. Then i died trying to disarm a trap over and over but for some reasons it made me step on it instead of disarming it.. twice. the game is not BAD its just.. not good enough for me, sorry. Good first try from the producers though!"
76561198012336270,Not Recommended,265990,18736427,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,eric-belair,"I had fun With the game However i can clearly see that its poorly made. The skills have no balancing forcing you into 2 or 3 possible builds.  The difficulty is on par with the games its clearly trying to Emulate ( older roguelike games like nethack) but instead of an insane amount of skill,dedication and knowlage of how the game works and a little bit of luck You really just need massive luck. Your skill level makes little to no difference compared to rolling dice. As the developer adds more and more content to the game they only make the luck element more important and the skill less important. I Feel like they focused on making the game harder thinking that would make it better. It does, who doesnt love Dark souls or Dwarf fortress, but its one thing to die beacuse you didnt step back or didnt keep resources compared to beacuse a computer didnt roll high enough. If they would just focus on making a game more skill based (nethack) or more strategic (DF) and not on more luck based it would have better reviews.------------------>http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/LuckBasedMission<-------------------------"
76561198077285928,Recommended,265990,10420931,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Mustardoish,"I am shocked by the amount of negative reviews.This game is challenging and unforgiving, but I would definitely not call it unfair or RNG pure. It simply has a steep learning curve and is especially punishing for new players. Once the mechanics are known, it becomes very possible to migitate the risks. 9  out of 10 times death occurs, it is the players mistake. When I started to play on server, I lost all my heritages and had to build my heritages from scratch. It didn't take me near as long to get the essentials as for my first time.Many of the challenges that seem impossible become quite likely to do.But the advantages of this title are great. The best thing about it is the lack of grinding. Compared to other Rogue-likes, for instance Dungeons of Dredmor, this game feels quick. You dont have to slash through hordes and hordes of minions until you find a boss that kills you. Instead, each encounter counts. It should keep you focused. And when you die, you dont feel bad of having invested hours upon hours.Also the way the leveling works and the infinite amount of dungeons makes it not necessary to kill every enemy to scrap as much xp as possible to slightly stay ahead of the curve. Instead, running away is often the smart thing to do. And the levelling is fast.  In one or two hours you could reach hypothetically lvl 20. Equipment is not terribly randomized, you simply have to find the right type of equipment (i.e. sword etc) and enchant it(which is random, but still works fine). This gives it an amount of predictability and you can actually plan your character nicely.And the game has an great depth. After 200+ hours I still find new things. For that price, I would call it one of the best buys I ever had on steam.Last but not least the game has great support via a website with tons of useful information and an in-game chat feature. The community is very helpful and I had some great conversations with great people.So if you don't mind a challenge and opt for a great game and social experience, pick up this title.Edit 2015: The game had a major update that made crafting possible and also added a casual mode. Both of these should made the introduction to the game a little easier. Also, I added a beginners guide to get beginners going.In addition, I played a lot of other rogue-likes and can probably pinpoint a little more, why I like this one most. It has, similar to The Binding of Isaac and Spelunky, simple mechanics and no real story. This sets it apart from say Nethack or Tales of Maj-Eyal, which are great games by the way, but you have quite difficult mechanics and especially in the case of TOME, huge amount of statistics and finetuning. In Rogue's tale, you have only few stats and they are not finely graded, so that you have to spend too much time compromising (which always feels a bit unsatisfying to me). At the same time it is turn-based, so not as hectic as TBOI and spelunky. You have little inventory management, as compared to Magicite. Successful runs can be very memorable and the feeling, when you beat for the first time three enemies previously thought impossible is amazing. I believe this game is truly underappreciated."
76561198042225625,Recommended,265990,33235847,Posted: 4 July,all,ikkiyakki,"The shortest tale I was told here was exactly 1 turn long: spawn with 9HP -> make a step, recieve a -9HP fireball from an unseen creature -> game over. It uses simultaneous movement system, so it's always paused for you to take your time & strategize, but there's no turning back after you hit a key. A lightning-fast strikes exchange may leave you with your jaw dropped, numb & morally destroyed after a day-long sneaky work of cave clearing, after a series of lucky duels we always tend to overestimate our fortune.It's built on Java (hence the clunky UI, push Ctrl+ for modest scaling up) & hasn't got animations, still a super-realistic dungeoneering experience, since there are lots of objects to interact with, combine & construct techniques, also it's easy to predict interaction outcomes from the common sense point. The common sense tells us that a usual guy can't stand against 3 demons in 1 room - ..and he surely dies, it tells that with a fire-ward amulet & health regeneration you can swim in lava like in water - yes, it lets you escape through a fiery river.Despite the well-known underground setting all your tactics learnt from RPG's should be abandoned at the entrance to these caves - no item hoarding allowed (traders have limited inventories), the coins are scarce (have to identify an item before selling, so no item cheaper than 20 gold is profitable), levelling up quickly is strictly not recommended (enemies spawn accordingly stronger on the new floors), in fact players try to make less actions that might give XP, etc. What really keeps me going is the chance to get LEGACIES (like in ""Rogue Legacy"") for all the future playthroughs, like bow & arrows from the start, which make early game significantly easier.I've been playing it all spring, yet *reach lvl 20* achievement stays a dream for me. Every second playthrough attempt ended in a brutal ragequit (darn java windows ain't so easy to close down), but very soon the addiction whispered to my ear: ""What if you get EXTEREMLY lucky THIS time around?"" - and I jumped back to the screen. It feels like hunting for the jackpot - you know you can win every single encounter if you have the proper set of skills & tools, but you can't develop a 100% universal hero (only 6 skills could be picked normally), so the dungeon will probably find its remedy against you sooner or later.The priceless feeling is the tension at the finger point when you stand ready to take your chance before a bunch of baddies - you are bold, you are strong & fully equipped, you are almost sure you will kick their asses.. if only fortune smiles at you a little! Or you may suddenly think to yourself: ""It's a long time there were no traps seen.."" - and make the next step to the side.. and get into a trap immidiately. Hilarious game.For rogue-like fanatics who get aroused by risk, 10/10 realistic very-careful-person simulator"
76561197997439296,Not Recommended,265990,14462352,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,merusalem,"tl;dr: Get one of the games listed below instead, unless you know what you do when you buy a ""real Rogue"" game - endless frustration.Positive:Compared to many other rogue-like or rogue-lite dungeon crawlers, the graphics are nice.Dying and creation of the next adventurer is fast. With each adventurer dying within 30 seconds to five minutes, this is a positive aspect.There are many extras in the game, like gaining equipment for later characters through exploration.Using other monsters to your advantage is sometimes possible.This is a true recreation of the Rogue game of 1980 with modern graphics.This game is for hardcore gamers, those who like getting their teeth pulled without anesthetics, because it is badass. :)Still, if you want to have fun playing games, I suggest to play any of these games instead - from casual to more hardcore:Claustrophobia: The Downward StruggleSword of the Stars: The PitTales of Maj'EyalDarkest DungeonWhy do I suggest these games, instead of Rogue's Tale? Any of these games will give you a feeling that you survived the last encounter (or did not) because of choices you made. In Rogue's Tale you realize each time something happens that you won or lost because of the random number generator - your decisions do not matter. Toss a coin instead - on tails you lose.It felt to me like playing an old buggy version of Rogue where the end boss can spawn one step from you when you enter the dungeon. Monsters, loot and interactable objects seem to be generated completely randomly. You do not survive or die because you made the right decisions, you do so because you had a lucky or unlucky roll. As Rogue's Tale's environment is mostly open areas (not narrow tunnels or small interconnected rooms), you can rarely use the environment to your advantage.Using other monsters to your advantage is sometimes possible. Creatures who are usually docile may attack your opponent if you lead him to them. Unfortunately some of your opponents will be of the invincible kind, so that they decimate the complete level, including you, without losing one hitpoint.This is how my playthrough for the first ten adventurers went:Some died to an invisible spike trap after a few steps.Some were slaughtered by the first brigand they encountered after a few steps.Some of them actually found weapons and armor immediately after entering the dungeon, getting them equipped just fine - and died to three opponents attacking simultaneously two minutes later.A few more tests showed a complete dependency on the game's random number generator, instead of modern game design. It is truly a recreation of the 1980ies Rogue-type games. Suffer, player! :)In my eyes, the game's major flaw is that it is Rogue. You will die because of the flip of a coin, after a few seconds or minutes."
,Recommended,265990,17693760,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Epix [SGP],"DANGER: IF YOU ARE A CASUAL ROGULIKE PLAYER, PLS STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME.This game is meant for HARDCORE roguelike players who don't have any EXPLOSIVE TEMPERS.This game is SUPER DIFFICULT and RNG matters a LOT in this game. There is going to be LOTS of deaths.It is BRUTAL for new players.That having said, new players can progress in the game by learning the mechanics  and learning how to play it smartly as possible. There are also few guides out there to help out. Mainly focus on unlocking the EASIER heritages as it will help out your run in the long run. Weighing the possibilities of WINNING a fight is VERY IMPORTANT for your run to even survive SLIGHTLY FURTHER.My personal opinion of this game it is sadistically fun to play. I have to keep learning from my mistakes and improve my runs. As of this writing, the highest level i have reached is level 13 with 50 deaths after playing for a whole day. However, this game seriously deserves MORE LIKES as i believe this game is NOT BROKEN as what the initial commenters felt due the RECENT UPDATES this game has.THUS, I HEAVILY RECOMMENDED THIS GAME FOR HARDCORE ROGUELIKERS OUT THERE.EDIT:16JUL16I have beaten heroic difficulty after Nabon. Its not really that difficult as what everyone claims ;DEDIT:28AUG16I have attained insane title. Just another prove that game isnt that hard:)"
76561198093947369,Recommended,265990,15942152,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ImWarg,"having grown up playing rouge/moria/angband, and sinking my teeth into just about anything being called a rougelike, i feel qualified to review this game.   My first few plays, had me feeling like this was another poorly concieved graphical ""interprtation"" of rouge.  however, after playing many many more times, i think this game is easily the best modern graphical interpretation yet.   No it is not exactly rogue, but if that was what you wanted you would play rogue, right?   What this game does is force your character development into certain paths using the randomness of the map to do it.  You are pushed by the type of gear and shrines you find to develop your characters in a certain way.    If playing a mage, you will not have access to every spell, and you will need to be a little more creative, or wait until you find those DD spells to make your mages.    This style, has allowed the creators to up the difficulty to an incredible level, while keeping it fun.  You arent going to be making your 50th identical character in this game, its just not possible.  The rouge elements are there, with the complete randomness (sometimes to impossible difficulty).  Something that this game has captured, is just knowing that your about to die.  every door, every step, you are about to die.   Did you just find a ring of superpoweredness?  cool, your about to die anyway, cause it doesnt protect from poison pits.   With that being said, they way they designed character develpment allows that to be a great quality again, not a punishment.   I still havent progressed far enough to try some of the other gameplay concepts, ie. crafting, but i think this game deserves a big thumbs up.  The spirit of Rogue is a live and well here."
,Not Recommended,265990,9689567,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Kaziglu Bey,"In my opinion while playing Rogue's Tale it always feels like your ""tool-box"" (the amount of options you have on hand to deal with a threatening situation) is extremely limited, and by design. Compared to say, ""Dungeon Crawl: Stone Soup"", one of the titans of the rogue-like genera, the majority of early-game deaths in Rogue's Tale feel entirely unavoidable and down to the whims of the RNG. The game's item identification (ID) system is clunky and idiosyncratic; for example you might have ID'd a ring and then found another one just like it, and while the game will tell you it's the same ring the shopkeepers in the ""Town"" area will refuse to buy the second one because it has yet to be subjected to an ID effect. The bulk of items you pick up will ID as having no special effects, yet the shopkeepers will still refuse to buy them unless an ID has been attempted, meaning the majority of items cannot be sold for profit until you luck into a source of permanent IDing via a rare item drop.The RNG seems extremely harsh given the fact that you often cannot escape from most bad situations; a newly reset dungeon whose first floor is several mages and archers will result in an unavoidable death, for example. I realize that harping on the RNG in a rogue-like seems counterproductive, but I think that it just doesn't stack up well when compared to other equally difficult yet more fair rogue-likes, such as the aforementioned Dungeon Crawl: Stone Soup. In DC:SS, scrolls do not require a specific skill in order to be read, meaning that it is a perfectly legitimate strategy to burn through un-ID'd scrolls in a pinch; the tactic is risky as you can cause bad effects, but it can also save you from an untimely early death. Similarly, given how much of the game is tied up in gold-use in the “Town” area, it seems weird that it's not possible to sell un-ID'd items, even if at a lower value.Having said all that, if you are a massive rogue-like fan you might still derive some enjoyment out of Rogue's Tale. It probably won't compare very favourably to other titles in the genera, however, and if you aren't someone who has played rogue-likes before and are curious I'd recommend you give this one a pass in favour of a different title."
,Recommended,265990,12649640,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Saiphe <Blue>,"First game took me around ~20  seconds - wow i was killed by big spider, such unfair ... i have to write a review about itSecond game - Oh my god i killed snail, and found a leather cap ! OMG !! >>> Was killed by trap few secs later ... ( wow now i know how to detect traps cool )Third game - wow i spawned at room with magic chest full of loot ! I got three shields, badass club, two armors, killed six snails, spend my first talent, ascended by ladder down and .... was killed by stupid wolf ...Forth game -  i killed big fakin ORC , still alive, this game is AWESOME  >>> Was killed later by ??? , then realised that undefined amulet i was wearing killed meSImillar game: Sword of the stars: the pitThis kind of games isnt for everyone, but if you like roguelike games or any other oldschool ( and hard ) games u should buy this and give it a shot."
76561198072606069,Not Recommended,265990,9749492,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Gary demonic,"I’m usually pretty forgiving of games that are lacking in some areas, but all I can say about this one is please do not buy this game. The definition of a game should be to have fun, or at least enjoy the experience. From the moment you enter the dungeon, to the moment you finish the tutorial it is evident that this game lacks what it takes to be an enjoyable Rogue like experience.Let me explain. I enter the new dungeon. I walk up to the first monster (a Snail). I attack it, it attacks back, I lose half my life. I kill said monster. I heal myself after resting. I take another step. A pit trap hits me. I die.I go back into the dungeon. I go against a demon bat. It instantly kills me.Back into the dungeon. I get a sword, a shield, and some sticks. (The whole time, mind you, I'm doing my search check to make sure I'm not walking toward a trap) I come across a water pit, no matter what I do to try and get out (resting, moving in different directions) of said pit I can't, and die.Back into the dungeon again. Take 3 steps, giant dog attacks me. Hits me once, I die (keep in mind I have 8 points in stamina [the highest you can have at the start of the game]).I proceed again into this frustrating experience. I'm blessed with a bit more items this go-around. I fight a few snails, and make it to the next level after having successfully emptied the first one. A priest, that hits me once, promptly greets me, and you guessed it I die.Do this about 60 more times. Each time I’m making it anywhere from 5 steps into the dungeon, to maybe level 3. Each time dying because the game refuses to1. Give you items that can take on high level creatures2. Give you enough money to identify 1/10th of all the items in the game that ALL require identifying to know what they are at (such as rocks, mushrooms, arrows, bolts, weapons, armor) 20 gold a piece.3. Blows you up for looking at anything funny4. Gives you dungeon levels that are so small that going down to the next level guarantees you’ll be under leveled, equipped, and prepared to take on anything that is waiting for you the second you go down the stairs.5. Refuses to give you loot on about 85% of all mobs you kill.The list can go on and on, but I’ll make this a bit short. The game promises a challenging rogue like experience. I can indeed give you that. But there is a difference between a challenge, and the process of smashing ones head against a wall over and over again in hopes that at some point it won’t hurt anymore.I must emphasis my warning as to why you should not buy this game. A good analogy would be the person that tastes something and realizes that it tastes REALLY bad, so they tell their friend “Man this tastes disgusting, want to try it?” and the friend says “OK”. The experience of someone else should count for something, and I must say this game isn’t a challenge, it’s a headache you give yourself after spending five dollars on it. Don’t waist your money. Unless the game designers want to adjust the size of the levels, the damage of the mobs, and the loot you get, I’d stay clear of this rogue like like the plague.I’ll give them the graphics are decent, and that’s about as much of a positive I’ll throw their way. A game should not require you to do everything perfect, and also require you to have a greater than 80% luck ratio to succeed.Not what I call fun or enjoyable."
,Recommended,265990,14236684,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ĐɛʌƉƓʊƔ,"This is a true roguelike, albiet a bit distilled to its fundimentals.  Yet its done so in a great way.  The game is incredibly simple, but also incredibly hard.  All my time invested, still yet to be victorious!  Damnit!, ♥♥♥♥!, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!  How the ♥♥♥♥!?!  You will be sayin all those things and more.  Play this game and see what brutal truely means!  By the way I oh so recommend this game!"
76561198038460927,Recommended,265990,15232705,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,EnafAequi,"a Desura player fan coming to Steamstarting on a fresh account, i haven't played in quite some time, but I have many many dozens of hours into the game.first of, you might want to check the game website which stand as a wiki made by the game's creator,Game website & guidethis will give you all the tools you need to start earning heritages, and getting better and better.heritages are account bonus that gives you STRONG advantages.I have to say i'm utterly impressed by how many people downvoted, and complained about how punishing the game is, and how many bad reviews there is of this game I love...I strongly disagree with every single one of them, to every complain about an unfair death, I bet you ask the OP, he was just carelessly exploring, unaware of game mechanics and just randomly complaining about rng.checking the game's website should help you pass through this point.After a few heritage unlocks, if you play carefully you'll die a LOT less often, andthe game isn't made for your chars to live forever, but to live long enough to have a shot at the KING.think of it this way : the longer you stay alive, the more likely you are to die but the more powerfull you'll be to defeat the king.I think way too many player just fail to see the point of the game, expecting something this game is not. That doesn't change the fact that this is a unique game, very well tuned.and founding very rare equipment, wich are not displayed in the wiki (some blessed rings/amulets) is really a awesome feeling, you'll find yourself saying : THIS IS THE RUN I WAS HOPING FOR!I DO RECOMMAND THIS GAME, STRONGLYits maker is talented, and deserve support, + the game gets content updates since a very long time."
76561197970972116,Recommended,265990,14545667,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,HappyFry,"Seeing that quite some of the bad reviews missed some central points, I kinda felt the need to drop one myself! Sorry ´bout that.Actually, the mere fact that, while having lots of arguably good ""big"" games, I keep coming back to this one should say it all.The ""Rogue-like""-Tag on a game is tantalizing to me. And the more down-to-the-core-Rogue-like it is, the more I like the game. Only regrettable feature would be ASCII-graphics ;)And these games tend to be hard. Very hard. The kind of hard that the majority of younger people can´t cope with, maybe? The Generation WoW: clicky, blingy , levelup..! I don´t know. I know, that back as a kid in the former GDR, I ""played"" Bards Tale on a C64, hundreds of hours, without even knowing what an RPG is. No Internet, Nobody to ask...I believe that this is the reason for the success of, say, Dark Souls. It´s so hard, that winning something is actually rewarding again! And that feels good.And I like Rogue´s Tale! You have to know that it´s hard and random. But that also means the very next item can be that difference-making blessed Ring of Something... You do die, and sometimes cheaper by the Dozen, but hey, it´s hard! But over time, you learn various ways of shaping chances in your favour. If you play it like an generic japanese RPG, then you are bound to fail early and often. It´s a turn-based game, every turn you can make the best decision based on stats and inventory. Most of my (hundreds of) deaths were avoidable in hindsight.In short, if you like the concept of rogue-likes, maybe played NetHack and the like, or if you like challenging games, then this one´s well worth a try.For people who enjoy games that splash you with levelup from the start, you might find this game, ahm, ...unrewarding, which is great irony in itself!"
,Recommended,265990,9660467,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,MintyBeast,"It's a good game. It starts off very simple, with classic roguelike elements. Turn-based, grid tiled combat with complete randomization. You will die a lot, because the game doesn't hold your hand. There are a lot of little things, like jumping/searching for traps, that are not immediately obvious but immensely useful.The dungeons, from what I've seen, lack graphical variety. The grey walls are simple, but easy to get bored off. There are nice touches, like little torches on the walls and camp fire lighting being important, but it needs more themes to make it more replayable, although this is very minor, because there is a lot of content here.It's a great game if you like roguelike style games, and could be an okay introduction if you're not a fan of Stonesoup graphic styles. With a little extra work, the game could easily be worth $10, and at $5 it's a steal that you can get many hours of enjoyment, and frustration, out of it."
,Recommended,265990,10964245,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,novocain,"Great rogue-like! If you are a fan of the genre it is a well-worth purchase.I only wish there was more equipment, more sets.If you're on the fence about buying it, make sure that you know what a rogue-like is and that it's for you. This genre is not for everyone; it will lead to alot of frustration over dying from things not directly influenced by your actions but rather just random. Rogue-likes are generally a game of chance, with your gameplay choices merely improving your odds.Big plus for me personally is that you can play the game fully with only keyboard which is great for a netbook for example.What's so good about it?It is highly addictive. That feeling of ""just one more try"" .. ;)Eventually you start to unlock Heritages, letting you pick different options to give your next character a ""boost"".It is very easy to just pick up, play a few lives, drop it and go back to doing other things. I'm not sure if the term ""coffeebreak roguelike"" is applicable, since if you're on a roll you can keep going for a while.Why is this game difficult?Big, scary monsters as well as tiny creatureswill kill you. It will happen.All items are unidentified, and unless you have the luck to find an unidentify spell you're stuck relying on merchants who charge a fairly high fee to identify items for you, for some reason they won't buy unidentified items from you either so scraping together gold can be difficult.(Odd choice for the merchants, purchasing items cheap, identifying them and then flipping them just seems likeEconomics 101..)This includes all types of gear, scrolls/tomes,food and water, as well as potions! You might find yourself starving to death and all your food/water is unidentified; do you take the chance to consume it and die from the possible effects or do you struggle to find clean food? Red potions are healing.. right? :'(To find deadly traps you need to use the Search skill, be careful. More than once have I entered a new level, walked in any direction, right onto a trap,dead.How complex of a RPG is it?Not at all. Very basic character system with 4 different attributes (strength, agility, stamina, charisma) there's no crafting or similar extended-RPG system in place.Take it for what it is, a simple game to pick up and play a while :)Certain actions in game (picking locks, killing mobs, disarming traps, lighting torches, etc..) earn you Exp, with enough exp you level up, get to improve your characters attributes and on some levels you get to train a skill.There are 3 basic character classes/archetypes; warrior, mage, ranger. Each of these have places to train skills and if you're unlucky it can be a struggle to find the one for the class you want to level as, making you end up with a type of hybrid character.One thing that really surprised me about this gameis that it's possible to play on a server, the developers have an official server or you can run your own. It enables you to chat with other players (no other interactions)"
76561198067566098,Recommended,265990,14642888,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Mune40,"I hate this game.It makes me hate life.But everytime I die, I start over again, and again, and again.I know I'll be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I know I'm going to rage, but I can't seem to stop playing!!Caution; this game is VERY addicting.You'll love to hate it."
,Not Recommended,265990,10007806,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Nizi,"Basically a casual reach for the roguelike-genre with a bit of humour. Basically mechanics are spot on as roguelikes go but something is seriously off here. You die, alot. Which is ""funny"" as far as you get something out of it. That doesn't happen here. Either you get extremely lucky and get 3 levels of giant snails which are easy to kill or you get blast to orbit in the first 3 turns. Theres not much between here, it's either one.Game is not difficult, it's just extremely stupid. You just run around pressing S (to search traps) and hope for the easier enemies. And if you are lucky enough to clear the 1st dungeon, you are gonna be miserable once you reset it. I've got to the point of reset dozens of times, just to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ No talent or potion or anything is gonna save you.There is no variety in the items. Weapons are boring and most of them useless. Never got to see an enchant since they are extremely expensive and you don't get much money SINCE YOU DIE!♥♥♥♥ this game, especially with the 5 euro price tag. You can have numerous better roguelikes for FREE. Stay away from this."
76561197996792356,Not Recommended,265990,9685112,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Gabriel Wolf,A poor attempt to create a roguelike game. Insensibilities abound such as loot being unsellable because they're 'unidentified' and no merchant buys unidentified loot but to 'identify' each loot item requires a price that you can't afford unless you sell some loot which you can't because they're all unidentified *grrrrrr*. And that's just one of the silly design issues that show this game to be unworthy of the roguelike title.- skill upgrades are uninspiring- skills that have no cooldown but have to be activated each and every time- random overpowerful encounters with no escape- several level ups before just one attribute upgrade point is given- etc etc etc0 stars out of 5 (and that's being generous)
76561198059766504,Recommended,265990,10850906,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Butchinger,My rogue died because he fell into a pit and got water in his nose.
76561197992440007,Recommended,265990,14913783,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,The Ferg,"tl;dr: An attractive, straight-forward, god-awful hard roguelike that is worth the price.The game's pretty straight forward: You roll a character in no time, enter the randomly-generated dungeon, desperately try to find enough equipment and critical skills to survive, then you're poisoned by a spider, burnt by an imp, crushed by a falling rock, drowned, or just plain run through.  There are many ways to die in this game, and you will experience them all, over and over.  Pro tip: Don't put too much thought into naming your characters.All right, well beyond that there's side-quests, a variety of skills and spells, newly-introduced crafing, and a final boss if you're so lucky, but if you buy this game really you're buying it to die over and over.  It can be quite frustrating, and like a classic rogue your death can be well-deserved, or entirely unfair.  Yet I found myself coming back to this game more than the more complex ToME, Dredmor, or other rogue-likes for its simplicity and purity.  Each fight is a battle of life or death, each choice is agonizing, and that's all there is to it.  Pure masochism, really.The game is, basically, too hard.  You'll be lucky to see half the content, but for the money Rogue's Tale is an attractive, simple, classic rogue-like."
76561197970807880,Recommended,265990,18731431,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SilentButDeadly,"Ultra-hardcore roguelike. Accomplishing extremely difficult challenges makes future lives a little easier, but not much."
76561197983462171,Recommended,265990,15231477,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Parov,"Get your balls kicked over and over again and have fun with it. Just kidding, you're able to kick back of course after a considerable amount of time. Making serious progress within a permadeath game is a winning point and so is this game for Roguelike- and Indiefans. Give it a go!"
,Not Recommended,265990,19540650,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Einar,"Worst rogue-like I've ever played. In this game you are supposed to avoid gaining experience in all ways possible until you have unbeatable gear because all enemies gain levels with you. Sounds like fun? It isn't. Unfair, unbalanced, unbeatable(unless played like described above), unfun, UNRECOMMENDABLE."
76561198063243069,Recommended,265990,13213245,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Studebaker Hawk,"Fun game, very difficult and yet addicting!"
76561198117005633,Recommended,265990,9944958,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,{CGR} Counter Strike Forever,Any one who loves extremely difficult rogue like games needs to buy this 100/100 perfect rogue like
,Recommended,265990,9695655,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Sporkmonger,One of the most approachable and accessible roguelikes around.
76561197983601366,Recommended,265990,9721759,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,William Shakeshack,"Rogue's Tale is a roguelike in the vein of the older roguelikes instead of the many new ""roguelites"".First of all this game might not be for anyone, the content is randomly generated each playthrough like in many roguelikes. Although this one can be quite unforgiving, being oneshotted at the spawn point is not a rarety. You can play really well for an hour but die horribly in 3 turns. Death is always lurking in each corner and it adds a lot of tension, especially if you advance far into the game. This fact might be really offputting for some people because sometimes you just can't do anything to evade death.As you progress through the dungeon you gain loot and supplies which you use to survive on your journey. It's all fairly standard without adding anything new. I think this is a strong point of Rogue's Tale, it's just a really nice roguelike without any fancy twists. It's really addictive and you always want to try your luck again.The major aspect that I dislike is the somewhat cumbersome controls, they are not intuitive and there are many keys that could have been merged together. Nevertheless you get used to it fairly quickly. The graphics and sound effects do their job, it's a nice tile based rougelike. Although I wished there was more variety in the music.I recommend it to anyone who likes more oldschoold and hard roguelikes if you can bear the random nature of the game."
,Recommended,265990,25732461,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,zerohurt,"This is a true PC Rogue-like   ..  EPIC & Unforgiving as it is Addictive..It was too hard for the negative reviewers, they took a chance away from thier hidden object and Date simulators and didnt like it. and lets be honest ..its probably too hard for you too!If you dont mind spawning in next to a balrog dressed in just your skivies and armed with a twig, then you can join us hard bar-stewards and maybe...maybe..this might be the game for you.But dont worry you can always load up Candy Crushed or Pop my virtual cherry 2 ..if it all gets too much for you.."
76561198019421785,Recommended,265990,28798441,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Querth,"I have died more times than I can count. Now I will go ahead and die some more, dont expect to finish this game if you are a sane person though."
76561197972034400,Recommended,265990,9701644,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,hoser666,"Most modern RPGs do not follow the same scheme as Rogue and instead focus on character building and are made so that you can finish the game with one character.  Not this game.  Sorry.  This game was made as a faithful implementation of the original Rogue (which was released back in 1980!), at least in terms of gameplay.  What that means is:1) totally random generation2) very high difficulty3) lots of dying + frustration4) lots of WTF momentsThat said, I think that this implementation is quite good, with very nice graphics (for a Java game).  IMHO, the only major improvement that the game could use is asave feature.  True, the user interface and controls could be improved, but it is only $4.50!!!I played this back in the 1980s on a PC with ASCII graphics and later on an Amiga.  The way that I advise you play this is as acasualgame.Bottom line:  I recommend the game for a $4.50 or $5 price point, but only for those that are OK with dying a LOT and a high frustration factor.  :)for more, read the longer review by GAR."
76561198101963252,Recommended,265990,20638917,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,-F00L-]V[eT@L-,It will take some time to learn the in's and out's of this games mechanics but once you get the basics down the game is pretty great. It hold's up to other top flight roguelikes. I recommend it for other experienced roguelike players but it's probably not the best game to start with if you're new to the genre.
76561197995959605,Recommended,265990,9681403,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Nick Vascuas,"This game is quite difficult. It is not impossible, and i have yet to actually get past level 7. But the difficulty is mostly based off random chance, but if you are careful traps won't get you and you can avoid deadly enemies. (Spiders)A tip would be to block the entrance to the lower dungeon with a boulder if you feel you won't survive, this will force you to have to reset the dungeon.Highly recommended, the graphics are minimal but it is very atmospheric(In a sense of being immersed and focused).After playing for a bunch more runs i finally understand the beginning strategy to winning. This game is very addicting and the ability to unlock heritages makes you want to play more and more to be able to get a better first run. This game is all about lasting as long as possible, and if you manage to do it the right way you are able to start off with better equipment or perks.Highly recommended. This game is similar to IVAN in how brutal it is.  (This game is even more unforgiving)"
,Not Recommended,265990,10236530,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Yiasmat,"(02/10) - HorribleToo flat.Horrible design choices, like clicking about 100 times on yourself to regenerate health.Incredibly cheesy randomness (as a bad thing in a roguelike... wtf) like sometimes fighting demons on the first level.No real spells, too few, too ineffective.One starting class. Instadeath through any disease. Shield has clear advantage. A lot of unnececarry things, like locked doors. If you fail, you can simply try again. Then why is the door locked in the first place if you don´t need to spend anything other than about 30 mouseclicks until it´s finally open. Holy jesus...No difficulties to select, no talents, no special equipment, simply no fun in this game.Just go play a nice roguelike, i do understand alot of those, and games like this make me sick.Playing hours to step on a completly invisible trap to get oneshot. Who the ♥♥♥♥ thought that was a good idea?"
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,265990,11842077,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Captain Camper,"I've mastered roguelike games like The Binding of Isaac, FTL, and Dungeons of Dredmore, going all the way back to roguelikes from the 1980s like Temple of Apshai. When I bought Rogue's Tale I was pretty excited - the first few playthroughs were brutally hard and I was very excited to learn how to conquer the dungeons.Hours passed, and more hours of gameplay passed, and eventually I found that while I could learn some new tactics, ultimately I would be defeated by any random monster that landed a few lucky hits, no matter how conservatively I played. This trend continued, and continued, and no matter what items I got or strategies I used, I basically could not figure out how to get very far in this game.My conclusion is that the game just isn't developed enough to provide adequate strategies for the player, and instead leaves most of it up to chance. It's too bad because the game had good potential, but ultimately I'd recommend staying away from this game as it needs a lot of work before it is actually ""playable""."
76561198072340902,Recommended,265990,15662404,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Implode22,"I'm not gonna lie here, this game is hard. Slight mistakes, wrong turns, or just being rather ulucky is often punished by death. But since it's Rogue-like game, what a re you expecting?This game as very strange controls but the learning curve is not that bad if you know how most rogue-like games work (shiny necklace? probably shouldn't wear it until I identify it). Though some things take some time to figure out, most are not truly that important (egg + snake  = friend).Like most games in this catagory, it's got replayability, and a lot of it (unless you get cornered by a Deamon and stabbed to death). I have more than 100 charactors under my belt as of the time of this writing (30 hours), and I will add many more to my morbid collection.It's an awesome game. Hard as hell, but still great."
,Recommended,265990,28242564,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,felixwcdemelo,"I like this game. The only problem is the randomness of the game, it's too random, it isn't fair. Often I died at the very beginning, it really needs to be more balanced. That being said I enjoyed my time with Rogue's Tale."
,Recommended,265990,31372936,Posted: 26 April,all,Kyrrisayo,"It's a pretty great game, but it does take a while to really get into. There's a steep learning curve, and much of the game is RNG-based. There's a lot more depth to the game than you'll notice for, probably the first 10 hours, at least. Once you learn the tricks to the game, you'll be able to survive relatively long in most runs.Rogue's Tale is still being updated, although very infrequently.I really enjoy this game, and I think it's definitely worth the price of 5 measly dollars, or perhaps less still, if it's on sale. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys rogue-likes, dungeon crawlers, or RNG."
76561197995554207,Not Recommended,265990,10990011,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ryantheryan,"I tried playing this as if I just needed practice, and to properly learn the skillsrequired.  I eventually learned that there is no skill involved.The game is like a slot machine, with worse odds."
,Not Recommended,265990,10675558,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Paheej,"Rogue’s Tale is a rogue-like that sticks true to the genre but has lacks novel concepts and simplifies customization found in the old school Rogue and Moria ASCII games.You cannot pick a race, statistics have been simplified down to four stats, there is limited item options and limited enemy types.  Any one of these might be a small issue or gripe but in their totality it makes Rogue’s Tale an abysmal step background from the old-school Rogue and Moria predecessors.  In the early 1990s this game may have been worth a few dollars – but today there are so many other games that have done it better in the last twenty years that you should not waste your time here."
76561198041568011,Not Recommended,265990,10814868,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sevis,This game tries too hard to be brutal.Not enough diversity in viable strategies.Too much emphasis on min/max
,Not Recommended,265990,9837716,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Flash~Step,"It's such an awful game. and it's such a shame that it is such an awful game, because it looked pretty good early on."
76561197970314726,Not Recommended,265990,11433333,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Elminiature,"If you like nice scaling Roguelikes where the difficulty ramps up the lower you go this isnt for you. Death will greet you on level one alot, instant death from a random trap or overpowered mobs. Get great loot well you cant sell it til its identified and you cant identify without gold which comes from selling the loot... I mean it has lots of promise and i would imagine its one hell of a rewarding experience if say you managed to get a character above say level 10 but fate/luck will most assuradly prevent that.Like roguelikes this game is a 5/10never played a roguelike dont buy this as a introduction"
76561197983612976,Not Recommended,265990,9884230,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Rogal Trump,"This game still feels like an early beta.  There is no balance to this game, sometimes you will spawn in a dungeon and instantly die with no chance whatsoever, as the starting stats/levels of enemies seem completely random.The economy is also broken in this game as even mundane items must be ""identified"" for 20 gold apiece before they can be sold.  Only arrows and bolts can be sold for a small sum of gold, so you cannot profit from loot other than ammo.Yes, that's right, you can't sell an ordinary leather armor or even a piece of cheese without ""identifying"" it for 20 gold.  You cannot disenchant cursed items.  It seems like a lot of features are missing or incomplete.You cannot start with a magical character, you have to be melee.  Attributes all start with penalites and you MUST put points into AGI and STA or you won't be able to deal with dungeon hazards.  There is little to no freedom in character generation or development, at least for now.All in all the game can be fun if you get really, really lucky but the heritages seem mostly impossible to unlock right now unless you want to spend 40+ hours grinding and starting over.  The game has potential but right now I recommend that you DO NOT waste money on it until the game has been updated."
76561198068898321,Not Recommended,265990,10008198,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,jarballo490,"Interesting game. Very unwinnable, you can do everything right and still die. Bad balence maybe or a problem with the concept itself. If you like bashing your head against a wall to be able to not die at level one ever time gofor it but most should avoid"
76561198025165191,Not Recommended,265990,10118299,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,zjwillie,"One shotted about six times in a row on first screen, not a lot of fun. Balance folks, balance this does not have it."
,Not Recommended,265990,9685406,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,VBM2,"If you want to play a Zeldaesque game where every tile you step into you find yourself mashing the S button to search around you for hidden traps, or if you're the type of player who likes survival games where drinking water actually kills you, this is for you.The water drinking death was the final straw for me... Presumably a bug, but meh."
76561197984586984,Not Recommended,265990,9689642,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,ccwscott,"I love playing roguelikes, but death in this one is just too random, even by roguelike standards.  In nethack there was a lot of randomness, but with time you could learn when you needed to try something risky and when to play it safe, and there was so much depth to that game you were always learning new ways to improve your chances.  You really don't have the bredth of options in rogue's tale that you do in nethack, and progress seems to mostly come down to a matter of luck."
76561198084730922,Recommended,265990,12744760,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tiger Samurai 42000,"A great dungeon crawler,basicly everything is running on random generators, and its truly unforgiving.You can spawn right next to a creature that will kill you in one blow, and you will have no options what so ever of winning,or you can have 5 levels of harmless Ooze and it will feel like a walk in the park.More of an arcade style dungeon crawler, than an RPG dungeon crawler, but the random generator makes every playthrough feel like opening a chest.Very addictive.7.9/10"
,Not Recommended,265990,9667094,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Jin,Game still has bugs. Lots of things just one shot you. The fact that you have to Identify everything you pick up  ( 20g) to either quipped it or sell it is rediculous. played an hour an a half and regretting my purchaseNot the greatest Rouglike ive played
,Not Recommended,265990,9666518,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Warcrime,"You would have to pay me to play this again.  Don't waste your $5, nothing better than getting stuck in spike traps that have such a low chance to let you out they just kill you after 5-10 minutes of trying.  Combat system is lame, janky controls, and zero immersion."
76561198010172475,Recommended,265990,9943944,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Marbaro,BUDDY!
76561198040752946,Recommended,265990,26668870,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Eviljoker,"One of the best roguelike games. True hardcore game with different game styles such as melee fighter, archer, mage, assasin, shapeshifter. All of this game styles are playeable, and able to beat the game. But first, prepare to die a lot. Die from a single common enemy, potion, poison, broken bridge and many others threats. Good and clear ability system, rather simple(it will took a few hours) fighting system based on dice rolls. Enemies can pick up weapons/armors, all amunitions and magic effects work as on player.As advantages:* Simple player building system and clearly explained fighting system* This game is challanging and hard to complete* This game have nice graphic compare to others roguelikes* There many small tricks* Completeness of the game (normal AI, bugs are realy rare, many features)"
76561198023060254,Recommended,265990,9934695,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Free$pin,Time killing and dice rolling in full 2D brilliance
76561198101754009,Not Recommended,265990,9820322,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Colo,This game sucks it wont let me play. What a waste of money...
,Recommended,265990,17250494,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Freed of Izalith,"Let me start by saying i have not managed to make it very far so everything i say here only applies to early game and my chosen playstyle. Im an actual rogue themed player and i like how its done here. the game as a whole is a fun idea and i like it, but a couple things need to be balanced slightly better. Starting with the elementals auras. i cant even play the game when its an automatic hit stahhp pls."
,Recommended,265990,9690686,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,andrew.pasko,Decent dungeon crawler. I recommend making an Easy mode for players who want to be able to finish the game without putting 250 hours into it.
76561198038492677,Recommended,265990,9729012,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Unca Bob,This is a rock hard game with lots of depth. The main problem for most is going to be cracking open the outer shell to get at the gooy insides. If failing 50 times before you make noticeable progress is too much for you don't bother. But if you are willing to perserveir and wait for that first lucky run it'll be well worth it.
76561198030607674,Recommended,265990,9691167,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Bourgeois Stalker,"I've been playing nethack for 23 years, and I like this game for the same reasons.  Easier in lots of ways, but I'd say it's more deadly. so expect to die a lot.  Definitely just as addicting as the old ascii games, but with quicker restarts.  I'll complain that there's not as much depth, especially starting out since you need to unlock specializations that I haven't even gotten close to in 12+ hours.  Overall, I've already gotten my $5 worth, and I plan on keeping this one around for a while.Things I'd like to see in updates:1) I've only started up the game twice, do I need to log in every time?  I'm ok with a saved password, thanks.2) Why can't I do a random character setup? I wish I could easily get a new look each time I restart.3) Caps and food rations (2x1 items) start on the bottom of the loot box, so I have to move the cursor to loot them.  That slows my flow way down, man!4) I'll second the other people complaining that spawning next to an orc on turn 1 kind of sucks, but really it's not much of an issue since restarting is so quick."
,Recommended,265990,9716954,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,TheHilariousGamer #trashdick,So much fun! Really Hardcore D&D Styled game. Addicting!
76561198025466397,Recommended,265990,11108556,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Explode_Toad,"Death, death, death; over and over again.  Dark Souls?  Awesome game, but you will still not die as much as this.  Yet you will keep playing.  You will eventually get better, learn more, become stronger.  Then you will be killed in one blast by a frost drake and have to start over again.  But you will start again, if only to ram your chosen weapon deep up the rear end of that damn drake.  Never have I ever felt the deep seated desire to destroy my opponents that this game instills you with.  10/10"
,Not Recommended,265990,13650652,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ol' Frankie Blue Eyes,"Just.... not that great.There are better options out there in the genre.My recommended alternatives would be: Tales of Maj'eyal, Dungeons of Dredmor, Claustrophobia: The Downward Struggle and even Quest of Dungeons.It just doesn't feel right when I'm playing. Difficulty/Learning Curve is one thing, but this game is just poorly executed to the point of frustration.  Spend your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,265990,9672227,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Spearhead,I regret buying this game.
,Recommended,265990,9675685,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Demonman101,"You know, I have to say that I love this game. It's basically everything I enjoy in a game, it's hard, it's random, and it's rpg-like. This is like a pixelated version or dark souls ,_, I have lost so many people to the second floor. Anyway, it's 5 bucks, definitely worth buying and play as a time passer even if you don't like this sort of thing. BUY IT!"
,Recommended,265990,18632632,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dagan Arkwright,"After having binge bought this game on a whim a couple years ago, I regretted it for weeks. It seemed too hard, but some achievements make it progressively easier. There were no easy ways to make money, but then ""Easy/Don't Hurt Me"" mode came out, making the game enjoyable on a casual level, while still maintaining the super difficult Normal mode. And now, Heroic mode has made it's way in, for an even bigger challenge. At first, getting experience was hard, but now there are a few quests that you can do, and there are several new types of monsters to add variety, and even have elemental allignments, and therefore, weaknesses.. The developement was slow, and almost seemed non-existant. But every month or so, there was an update, and Rogue's Tale has been polished more and more. I now no longer regret my decision, and play this game often. My only complaint, is that the account system is not connected to your steam achievements, so if you forget your password or username, you will have to re-earn all of your heritages and achievements."
,Recommended,265990,9678581,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,toyimp,I have been waiting for this game for quite a while. A lot of enjoyment from it. And completely what I expected in a good game such as this.
76561197989975891,Recommended,265990,9675840,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,mcbobbo,"It's a fun, interesting game.  I've put 6 hours in since yesterday, and have managed to reach level 12 or so as my best.  I do find a few things a bit annoying:1) The heritages are really, really tough to unlock.  I'm not sure I will spend enough time on this casual game to see very many unlocked, and so I wonder if that's as much of an appeal as it seemed at first.  I also wonder why there are so many of them.2) There's no such thing as 'vendor trash'.  Sure the game gives you loads of items you won't want to use, but...A) they have to be identified before you can sell them, and 20 gp a pop, and...B) the vendors only buy until you clog their inventory.So as above, why am I getting so many items?  I may start leaving them on the floor, because there's just not much point to it.As it stands it's probably a 3 of 5 for me.  It's okay, not great, not terrible."
76561198027113981,Recommended,265990,9684940,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Largecow,moo
,Recommended,265990,20796381,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Dopefisher Butternotch,Never gets any easier.It is quite a steal at $4.99. I hope this guy makes more games.
,Not Recommended,265990,22788668,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Farshad,"It's good, 80's style game.  No save and restore, you die in seconds often, even if you are a seasoned player.  At least I did the first 10 times I played, and now I'm done."
76561198094112978,Recommended,265990,12499032,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Aenarion,"Very hard and random, but if thats what you like, it can suck a lot of play time out of you."
,Recommended,265990,10151532,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Ｓｕｉｃｉｄａｌ　ＯｌｄＭａｎ,► Game is hard.
76561198024292139,Recommended,265990,9671273,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Lynyl,"I died during the tutorial. How much more rogue-like can you get?   After several hours of play, this is the game I was wanting when I bought Quest of Dungeons, and probably several other games. In Quest for Dungeons, one accidental click can lead to 10 unwanted actions by your characters, usually leading to a preventable death.  Here with Rogue's Tale, there is a much more refined sense of control when it comes to your characters inescapable death.  Great game~!"
,Recommended,265990,16622895,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,"This is your classic turn based roguelike! It's random, fun, challenging, sometimes frustrating, and really good! If you've played a roguelike before, you know how this game plays and you'll love it! It's basically like any other turnbased-roguelike but there are some small changes that make this game unique!"
76561198125516677,Not Recommended,265990,14889249,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,snorlaxatives69,very hard to use and not very fun 3/10
76561198241305048,Recommended,265990,18845685,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,BobBep1995,if youre a god damn hardcore rpg roguelike fan then this is the game for you
,Not Recommended,265990,9774994,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Ekallo,Really poorly balanced roguelike. Lots of random unavoidable death ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and instant kills on early floors.Not worth the time or money in its current state.
76561198001802363,Not Recommended,265990,9798987,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,HaHom Tsa Pfnuma - Pfnöhlmer,"This is literally the worst game i've played in years. It's crude and unfair, and feels like an early access game. I rarely get angry at games, but this made mah p**s boil."
,Recommended,265990,25338954,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,★av28,Rogues TaleA great game that I came back to. I like the style and the idea of this game. I like this game no matter how many times I died playing this game. It should be kept on check by the developers.7.5/10
,Recommended,265990,24010955,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lost Froggy,"Best 99 cents I've spent in awhile!It -IS- more RNG based than many other modern roguelikes, but its still pretty fun. This is just a more hardcore old school king of game. If you can't handle completly random nonsensical permadeaths this may not be for you (maybe consider a tamer rougelike, or even regular RPG instead of a roguelike). But if you don't mind the occasional super flu, bear trap, living water, or helldemon painting the cave wall with your remains 30-60 seconds after your latest character set foot in the dungeon, this game hs plenty to offer."
76561198039260244,Not Recommended,265990,11497443,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ancient biblical hentai,"Requires creating an online account with the dev.so its another password to remember. another thing to keep up with.this gets annoying, because the game does not hold your interest for long at all, so if you do buy it, stop playing for a bit, then want to play again, you have to remember you log in info, even to play in offline mode.its super annoying. its like the devs want to have their own version of uplay."
76561198036544073,Recommended,265990,19806869,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Decay,"Solid little roguelike. And it does feel ""small"" compared to TOME or ADOM, but it has its own style of strategic gameplay and brutal deaths. Definitely worth picking up if you enjoy the dying-a-lot aspect of roguelikes."
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,265990,9808873,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Nathaniel Prime,"As the name suggests, this game is a roguelike. It doesn't have any features that set it apart from the vast array of other roguelikes available. It also has a particularly cumbersome interface, so I really can't recommend it."
76561198007215017,Recommended,265990,9678325,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,telamiina,"I was little bored so bought this.Well its Rogue like rpg and that means lots of dying.Its a ok game but as I have played these games few times im not sure why did I bought this, there are freeware stuff that are in par with this.Not bad in its genre."
76561198052282681,Not Recommended,265990,10500000,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,suksendal,Perma death is in style so everyone is doing it. This game has almost no story content. Rogue's Tale will frustrate the average gamer but pleases the type of person who actually will sign up to blog about a game. The squeeky wheel gets the greese again. I was hoping for something a little more D&D but recieved flappy bird goes to the dungeon. I want my 5 bucks back.
,Recommended,265990,9795435,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,BenWah,"This game is EVIL.  My addiction to high difficulty roguelike's is worse than EVER.This game is like hitting yourself with a hammer over and over.It has no mercy or compassion at all.And I'm in love.There are lots of games I could be playing, but I will be playing this one for quite a while!There are dozens of achievements, and I still only have the easiest two despite putting a stupid number of hours into this and being relatively good at this type of game.Hope springs eternal.If I got you to play this game, you will hate me for it."
76561198063048157,Recommended,265990,9939360,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,GetFirstPC,"Hi do you like darksouls1,2?Did you think its hardest game you ever played?Its just because you never tried this one :)Somebody can think this game is just about luck not about skill but its not true.The longer you play, the more you die, the better you will become.This game have plenty strategies whixh you will find just from experienced players or by trying.Hardcore game which is so hardcore to the addictive!"
,Recommended,265990,23660279,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Gothera2134,"I want to do well JUST TO SPITE THIS GAME! So far Ive made it past level 5 once. Would recommend if you have an irrational hatred for yourself, or you are constipated and need some help."
76561198006986577,Not Recommended,265990,31517406,Posted: 2 May,all,DragonElderX9,"A fairly bland and generic roguelike.  There is almost no skill or strategy required, it's just die, die, die, wait did I make it to level threeDIE...ah, well then.  Everything in this game is rng(gear and enemies), pure chance for everything.  100% chance does not make a game ""difficult"", it just makes it frustrating and not fun at all."
76561198089739851,Not Recommended,265990,34399158,Posted: 21 August,all,KingBatine,boring
76561198010134705,Not Recommended,265990,14895669,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Selva,"Enter dungeon.  Hit by bolt.  Hit by spell.  1 HP left.  Use stairs. ""You can not use stairs right now.""  Hit by bolt.  Hit by spell.    If this sort of thing was relatively unusual I'd be okay with it.  As it is...So  Pro's and cons...  Alright.Pro - Decent simple graphics.Pro - No Class systemCon - Stat Min and max by gender for starting characters.  Seriously?  I thought we were past this. . . .  sexist crap.Con - To many random instant kills.  Not limited to monsters.. . . .  Invisible high damage pits in required halls.Con - Player getting screwed at every turn.  Yes, it's supposed to be difficult.  Rogues Tale isn't. . . .  Difficult, it's random.  Poor game design...Con - Why do I need to ""Log in"" with passwrd for a single player game?Con - Often, you can not tell what killed you.  Move, flash. text wizzes part, hop you are a speed. . . .  reader,  now you are dead.  Poor game design...I had originally said it might be worth the $2 I paid for it...  I'm retracting that."
,Recommended,265990,15786482,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Scott_Morgan,Suicidal thoughts is what I always wanted from games.Thanks.Ding.
,Recommended,265990,10228097,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Zackhammer,"Fantastic Rouge-like.Simple yet in depth features.Very easy to pick up, but it's a damn challenge.However i've found no rage inducing deaths, just determination building from falling in that pit of spikes or being crushed by a boulder in my own carelessness. To rise up again with glorious intent to be killed by a snake 6 moves in.You'll love it and hate it.However you'll come back to it again and again."
76561198067829267,Not Recommended,265990,9683753,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,ceduna_kids,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!This game is rubbish. I tried it for seven minutes, and gave up. Here are my reasons:1. THERE IS NO WALKING ANIMATION. What kind of a game has NO walking animation!?2. I died within the first thirty seconds of playing. I didn't know how to attack, let alone couldn't see, because there was a talking dog in my way.3. The game starts you off with seven HP. I mean, come on, at least 10. Or 20 even. But seven? Just no.4. The description says you can customise your character to make it the rouge you want. You can change the hair, hair colour, and cloth colour. How is that making it the rouge you want!? You can't even change the weapon!5. Controls. It could've been an easy, simple control scheme, but to pick up an item you have to press alt or mouse wheel, select it from a grid, and equip it. No thank you.6. The designer obviously put no effort into this whatsoever. He created a character, some enemies, and some pictures, wacked it together and called it a game.Conclusion: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It is a scam for five dollars, a waste of time, and there are better things to buy with five dollars. This is the worst game in my library.Rating: 3/10. The ONLY thing I liked was the music, which wasn't even that good. It was the only good thing about this game.  Do not buy this game. Ever. In a bazzilion gillion lightyears."
76561197984481085,Not Recommended,265990,9690981,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Wink,I couldn't even log in.  Why do I have to log in anyway?No explanation.
76561198031550982,Recommended,265990,23875899,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tony Lad,"Brilliant game, very demanding, yet very satisfaying."
,Recommended,265990,12399854,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lyellin/Ajapeu,"Did a brief ""blind"" try of this game. Enjoyed it - really feel like I need to play it more to get the full feeling. Good first impression.http://youtu.be/Nd5j3g-310A"
76561198044641666,Not Recommended,265990,24749358,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Masterless,"The game is so hard it is not fun at all (and i play dark souls!). You just.. die too much to actually play it properly. Then it just makes you start over, and over."
,Recommended,265990,9658309,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Rawsome83,"Oh it's a roguelike alright.. A thousand things that can kill ya, and only luck can keep you alive. It's fun, for a while. Then you realize how much you miss staying alive. It's not for everyone, that's what I'm trying to say. It's definitely good and quite polished I must say. Just wish it wasn't so... Roguelike? :P"
76561198023300217,Recommended,265990,10650579,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cheese Of War,Number of deaths ∝ Amount of Fun
76561198029096509,Recommended,265990,10585890,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cynthetic,Throwing away all your enchanted armor is worth when you fall in a well
76561198122046183,Recommended,265990,11291663,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,UnicornSaxophone,"Rouge's Tale may not be on of the easiest rouge-likes and may be very unforgiving to the player, but isn't that what gaming is all about? A challenge? Sure it may be about only luck in the starting stages but as you progress and gather skills, you unlock heritages that will help you. Starting the game you might have to rely upon brute strength to get, say, a bow and arrows, or a leather armour set, but in the end it's all worth it. Kiill that snail with your wizardy powers!"
76561198023945254,Recommended,265990,11848688,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Assknight,"It's been a long time since I've played it but this game was such a standout experience for me I decided to review it.I'd consider it the definition of a ""Modern"" Rougelike. It plays just like Angband but everything has fully detailed sprites and the game uses a classless perk based progression system.The game has really short 2-3 floor dungeons which make you feel like you're really making progress as you almost always end up ""Clearing"" a dungeon.The difficulty isn't that high and it's felt like the most accessible Rougelike I've ever played. It's coolest feature though is a Heirloom meta game, you unlock items for new characters by performing certain tasks ingame, e.g: Slay the Frost Wolf boss and you can start the game with a pet dog or start the game with a single cleric spell if you manage to learn every cleric spell on a single character.The game is alot of fun and I'd recommend it to anyone who hasn't really gotten into rougelikes before."
76561197983226094,Not Recommended,265990,12908472,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,~ Vortex,"Bad rogue-like, I don't like it."
,Not Recommended,265990,11577451,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,E_128,"Really silly and lame, maybe that's what you get for 5$."
76561197986943180,Recommended,265990,10570499,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dr. Henry Killinger,"An addictive rouge-like. While frustrating at first, once you understand the system you quickly delve deeper into the dungeons. Unlike most dungeon crawls though, the systems don't require complex calculations on the users part. My tip, build your characters based on what you find and less on what you want your hero to find, you'll get a lot farther."
76561198003704166,Recommended,265990,11304989,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,R. Dodge,"Cool but often infuriating game.Rogue's Tale combines all the basic RPG elements (slay monsters, find loot, level up, learn skills) in a casual dungeon crawler.The game, like many RPGs relies heavily on RNG, which (i assume by design) is quite often a death sentence.Quite often when you feel like you are progressing nicely, the game will one shot you with a random, seemingly unavoidable trap making the game feel purely luck based rather than involving any sort of skill.It also leads you to playing the first character ""levels"" repeatedly... Good luck trying to reach any of the heritages!Despite the many exasperating deaths, it's not a bad time killer."
76561198128337983,Recommended,265990,26326055,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,egrith,"you will love to hate this game and hate to love it, after a short time it has already become my favorite game for $5 or below, a great products for not much, wish more rougelikes were like this"
,Not Recommended,265990,12452186,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,AR4ER,"EDITED :Well , a while ago I recommended this game, but after actually beating it and trying lots and lots of good roguelikes ,I began to really despise this game. It's poorly made in terms of rewarding skill, and while random is always huge part of roguelikes here it's not placed right. Author is idiotic in his way of thought in making heritage system where you MUST die and do ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ things over and over again to just have a try at completing main game , and ammount of content is lacking. Don't be dissuaded from trying this wonderful genre of games just because this particular one is poorly made, i'd recommend you trying out few others that are very much more worth of your attention (and worth of being added to steam).Games I'd recommend instead of wasting your time with this one include :Nethack Vulture (I think it's on Steam if you search for Vulture)Dungeon Crawl StonesoupCataclysm Dark Days AheadShattered Pixel Dungeon for mobiles.EDIT : I'd like to point out that heritage system is not bad in itself, it's just badly made here. ToME and likes of it does it right."
,Recommended,265990,14397489,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Westin,<3
76561198009705869,Recommended,265990,15136530,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Darque,"This game is extremely difficult, but fun.  It is one of my go to games for playing something quick when I only want to play for a few minutes.  Because that is usually all the time you get before you die and need to start a new game.The only change I would make to the game is the identification system.  I feel it would work much better if the character can tell whether an item is magical or not, and only need to identify magical items.  Or, as an alternative, allow the player to sell all items, but if it is not identified, then the trade value that the player gets for a magical item is only that which a non-magical item would give you."
76561198052338829,Recommended,265990,16724076,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,tanel1221,Best game ever.
,Recommended,265990,14450376,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,lumpenproletarian,"Excellent game. Not as hard as people make it out, you get a few bad starts occasionally, but it's pretty rare in my experience to get a real unwinnable game. there are just some mechanics that I don't think people are used to so much, like resetting the dungeon and stuff, that you have to work in to your tactics in the early game to stay alive. once you start getting heritages, this game is great."
76561197970647832,Recommended,265990,15548267,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Firefox,"Quite enjoyable, as a casual RPG game. Now, that is not to be confused with easy, as this game is EXTREMELY difficult, even for a Rogue-like. Still, striving for 'Heritage' awards which carry over to all future characters, that helps change the experience from drudgery to more of a fun challenge."
76561198065041106,Recommended,265990,13081580,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,LeRoy Jenkins,I cant remember my login for the game and am unable to find any way to retrieve the information.  Upsetting to say the least.
76561198084052484,Recommended,265990,33775654,Posted: 24 July,all,TheGildedFunk,"I recommend this only as a time waster and if you truly work hard, you can get somewhere in the game. This game is ridiculously difficult, almost unneededly so."
,Not Recommended,265990,35228490,Posted: 26 September,all,Gobab,"It has potential but much of the gameplay boils down to completely unfair RNG at times, and without a proper wiki other than some stuff the dev has on their website, you've got no clue what you're doing.Pros:-Has sounds for everything, which is nice for a roguelike because then you don't need to read the message log to know what's happened after you've been playing for a while-Interesting stuff like getting exp for lighting torches or unlocking locks or disarming traps-A cool mechanic where you can unlock free starting items for achieving things, like having one character reach level 7 means all your next characters will start with a potion of antidote-Grid inventory system in a roguelike is rare and neat-Has a 'generate a new dungeon' feature after you complete one, includes going to town mechanics to identify, buy, sell, and enchant items-Has a level editor-Dev is still patching and putting out updatesCons:-Nearly any enemy can kill you in two hits early on-Many traps can instantly kill you early on (and you can't avoid them unless you take the keen eye talent first, or spam search every step)-While confused, blinded, or feared, you can't do anything with your inventory or control your character, rendering you at the mercy of RNG when poisoned or on fire-The cool mechanic of getting free stuff through achievements is borderline required unless you have extensive knowledge of the game, which you won't have when you start-Everything in town costs so much money-You need to know everything about the game to do even half decent, the rest is up to RNGConclusion: I paid a dollar for this and if it was anything more I'd probably be pretty upset at how RNG focused it is, if it looks interesting to you, get it when it goes on sale. There's free roguelikes that does what this does better, but it has some merit to it."
76561198043297097,Recommended,265990,34572883,Posted: 29 August,all,o0o,"So far, so good. Very unforgiving but that hasn't detracted from the fun so far. I may update this review once I've sunk a few more hours (only 7 hours so far). Perhaps I'm tolerant of repeated deaths, having played uMoria and Angband/Zangband since the late 80s/early 90s. But it cost next to nothing, so not much to lose if I do find it too difficult. It's faster than most roguelikes, which is good for those on a time-budget."
