user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198038659734,Not Recommended,266170,12535496,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Knight9910,"With a game like this, a game that seems like it should be so good, it's difficult to tell from reviews alone whether or not it's worthwhile. I knew going in that the game had a lot of negative reviews, but it was impossible not to at least give it a try and I'll admit, I really,reallywanted this game to be good. I mean, it just sounds like it should be awesome. It's basically likeTerraria, a game I currently have nearly 2,000 hours of playtime in, with the ship-building mechanic fromSpace Engineers, and set in a richly detailed steampunk world of floating islands and flying sky whales. There's no way this isn't the greatest game ever made. Right?Sadly, it's not the greatest game ever made. In fact, it's not a great game at all, or even a good game, or even a mediocre game.Windforgeis a game which is fundamentally, fatally flawed. By way of explaining how, and because lists are easy to write, allow me to present to you The Top 3 Things Wrong WithWindforge!3. The GraphicsHere's the thing about the graphics: some of them actually look amazing. The flying whales and the krakens that live in the lower regions of the world, and the larger objects like the giant balloons and clocktowers, are all lovingly rendered. The watercolor background is pretty nice too. It's obvious that the developers really worked hard on the graphics. So what is up here?It looks blocky and awful, like my house is built from stacked up lincoln logs. This is because there's no blending or tiling with the graphics, which is weird because evenStarboundandTerrariahave that. Also, there's an awful lot of these blocks. InTerrariayour character is three blocks tall, and inStarboundit's four. Here? Freaking eight! These blocks are tiny is what I'm getting at, which makes construction and destruction a massive chore.What else makes construction a chore? The painfully bad attempt at 2.5D graphics. Everything is in this weird 3/4ths view which I'm sure the developers thought was just so cool, but really it just gets in the way. It's hard to know what block you're digging at with your jackhammer when you're mining, and it's hard to see what you're doing when you're building on a ship or a home base.Also, what's with my furniture? It looks like it's just painted onto the wall instead of actually sitting on the floor.2. What Do These Numbers Mean?I'll admit, math was never my big thing. I mean, I'm not completely stupid with numbers, but it never came as easy to me as other things. That said, what the hell do these numbers mean?My ship's mass is only 524, and I have 1,389 vertical thrust, so shouldn't I be able to move up and down fairly well? No, I can't. For that matter, why is my vertical thrust only 1,389? My three propellers provide a total thrust of 13,500 (4,500 x 3), so how is that counteracted so greatly by a mass of only 524? And shouldn't my bouyancy of 30,000 totally cancel out the mass issue anyway? Honestly, it wouldn't be that big of a deal if I just knew what these numbers meant. Is my mass 524 kilograms? 524 tons? Who knows? The fact that there are no units given for these numbers just makes them all feel arbitrary.And no, I'm not so stupid that I can't figure out adding a few extra propellers will let me move again, but I shouldn't have to guess at it. And if you DO want me to have to guess at it, then why bother giving me the numbers at all? It's not like they matter.This issue doesn't only affect airships either. It's also a problem with armor, weapons, pretty much everything. Earlier in the game my character picked up a set of bronze full plate armor. I was excited because it gave her 30 more defense than my old set of leather-bronze bandit armor, so I put it on and went out to fight some people, and noticed that the bandits who were previously dealing 46 points of damage a shot with their pistols were now doing... 46 points of damage a shot. Seriously, what the Hell do these numbers mean?!1. MovementSo, if I was designing a game about floating islands and airships, and I had to name what I thought would be the single most important aspect of the gameplay, the one thing that I absolutely had to make sure I didn't screw up no matter what, I would have to say that would be a good jumping mechanic. I mean, we're dealing with a game world where one missed jump means, at best, you fall and break your everything on the next floating island down, or at worst you fall all the way into the planet's core and burn to death. That's not a pleasant way to go.That said, this game has what might just be the worst jumping algorithm of any game I've ever played. You move too fast, and it's too hard to control where you end up. Even walking is dangerous, as stepping off a slope means the jumping algorithm takes over and sends you rocketing over the nearest ledge straight to your death. I found that latching my grappling hook on to the ground was a necessary step whenever I was near a ledge, so that when I fell I would at least be able to stop myself.Oh yeah, and let's talk about the grappling hook. I'll admit it's fun to swing around on and feel like I'm a steampunk Spiderman. Even so, the grappling hook isn't much better than anything else. It's too fiddly and too slow, it never seems to connect when you need it to, or else it connects to the wrong thing. Even when it does connect right, it's too unpredictable; sometimes you just stop and hang there, and other times you spin around at high speed, usually straight into your airship's propellers.That brings us to the last mode of movement: airships. Airship movement is... passable. It's a bit wonky sometimes itself, mostly due to inertia and the difficulty of making yourself come to a complete stop. (Seriously,Space Engineershad the inertial dampener system for a reason,Windforgedevelopers.) Also, my ship felt like it had a weird desire to keep drifting upward which always made it very hard to dock properly. Of course, there's also the weirdness of the numbers which I mentioned before, where you always seem to have either not enough thrust so you can barely move, or else too much so you rocket across the map with a slightest touch of the buttons. It's a good thing repairs to your airship are free, because you will crash into things constantly.My Rating: 2/5 BADI find that the games I give a rating of 2 out of 5 are generally ambitious failures, and this is no exception. It's clear to me from the detailed nature of this game that the developer really wanted to do a good job. The artwork is great, aside from the afore-mentioned problems. The game world is very interesting and well thought out.It's just a shame that the game they built around this concept is so poorly built. Like Dr. Frankenstein before him, the developer brought his creation to life as a shambling mess that can barely function and will probably end up being the death of us all - I know it's sure killed me more than a few times.Original review posted here."
,Not Recommended,266170,12971993,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Samothrace,"This game could be soooo good,  but the movement, controlls, and buidling/minig are all terribly frustrating in a not-fun kind of way.  It's such a good concept, but Devs aren't focusing enough on game play details.  Every negative review I read on here before buying is correct.-Character control is terrible.  It uses an acceleration based system that doesn't accelerate fast enough and acceleration doesn't go away fast enough.  So, if you tap a key to move left, about 1/2 second later your character shoots to the left and slides to a stop.  Good luck trying to navigate all the cliffs and islands with this terrible movement system.  It really doesn't make sense that the devs sit around testing this game and think to themselves ""yeah, these controls are really good, everyone will like this.""  Maybe they just got used to how bad it is.  I have spent way too much time trying to get used to the♥♥♥♥♥♥controls in this game.  They need to go play terraria (or any other successful side scroller) and see how responsive that is and match it.-Because of the 2.5 D and the fact that there is a weird generic non-tiled overlay on the edges of what you are mining,  when you mine to your left you cant see what you are mining.-2.5 D is cool in theory but makes building and mining pretty frustrating.  I'm not sure what they can do about it at this point, so I'm just trying to get used to it.- Way too easy to make a fortune by selling random crap blocks.-Crafting UI needs work, and more sub-categories.  Pretty much everything is categorized under Misc. or Building.- Frequent crashes losing hours of progress (remember to save...).Those things may not sound like a big deal, but they make the game really difficult to play and suck the fun right out of it.  They have more work to do and as it stands I would not reccomend this game.  If they fix the above things, it would be as fun as terraria, with an awesome spin."
,Not Recommended,266170,14982294,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,SeaTiki,"Steampunk?YES.Custom-built airships that you control and fly yourself?YES.Terraria ripoff?YE-well, okay.Combining them?YES YES YES.This game?NO.I have no idea what the hell happened! This idea is everything I'd ever wanted to see in a game! But the artstyle is just so jumbled, the controls are awkward, the semi-isometric view is distracting and it just boils down to an unpleasant experience. It's a major disappointment for me.I'd love to see someone tackle this idea again, and do something better with it. But as it stands, I just didn't like this."
,Not Recommended,266170,19625766,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Ronin,"Great game, if only it didn't crash after a white screen with no errors. Not to mention that the developers completely abandoned it a year ago. I really liked this game... while it was playable for me.Edit: I'm going to review the actual gameplay, Props to Mr. Cheese for pointing my flaws out.The setting and the atmosphere are what make this game. Being able to build a sky fortress out of Balloons and Propellers make you feel awesome, not to mention the different layers of the world that make the game exciting.What made the game not reccomended by me:Me and others have had the white screen crash, that appears when you start the game every time, making it unplayable.If you think it's worth the risk, pick up the game. If it works, you will not be disapointed.EDIT # 2: Okay, so I got the game to work, it must have been an update that windows ran, the only time I'm genuinely happy that windows auto updated, really. I'm keeping the not reccomended because of that: it is NOT optimized well, the frame rate drops regularly, but the game is still good."
,Recommended,266170,9422530,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Beef Smellington,"You will not regret buying this game!Very interesting world. Great gameplay. The mining is a pit finicky but other than that it plays very well.The airship mechanices are amazing! I wish starbound had the same depth for the ships as this does for the airships.If you want a game that lets you build, maintain, and upgrade your own fleet of airships in a sidescroller steampunk world then this is the game for you!This game does not hold your hand, you have to use your brain. I have found many modern gamers take issue with this fact. I say to those people that they need to play blaster master and many other classic games. Modern games hold your hand too much so this is very refreshing.Graphics rock, flying whales which you can harvest rock. The ship to ship combat is awesome.Just don't fall out of your airship, it is a long drop!!"
,Not Recommended,266170,30183206,Posted: 25 February,all,Fujypujpuj,"Windforge is a game that is simultaneously the best and worst kind of game I've played.ok, let me elaborate.It's an amazing concept: this gaseous world where you build your own steamships and go across it and hunt (or save) sky whales and other cool stuff, and don't even get me started on the gas layer!the execution is, lacking, to say the least. The game seems to crash more and more the more I play it, not to mention the complete lack of dialogue or proper aerodynamic physics (shape of your airship doesn't matter as much as it should)if the devs were to come back or, hell, even sell the rights to another developer who would fix the bugs and all that, they could make the game a really good buy. that's it. all they need to do is make the game FUNCTIONAL. unfortunately, that's too much to ask.tl;dr it's a great idea, but horribly executed, so only give it a try if you're willing to put up with A *LOT* of flaws for the sake of a few awesome ideas with potential"
,Recommended,266170,14773229,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Obvious,"Most of the negativity surrounding this game is based on its unrealised potential. And to be fair, Windforge is not a game that could be considered ""complete"" - there's numerous areas it could have done with more work, from story to the conspicuous lack of multiplayer.(Ok, there's a pretty prolific bug that might kill the game before it starts up as well, but for the sake of argument we'll ignore that.)But despite this, despite what it never quite had, Windforge is a phenomenal game, and it's a true testiment to its solid design that it still achieves what many other full games fail to.Ostensibly, Windforge fits into the same genre as games like Terraria and Minecraft, but whereas those sand-box world-builders are divided into sections of ""building bases"" or ""fighting badguys"" (and very little inbetween) - your building efforts directly correlate to combat-success, because you're building flying bases.This, coupled with a solid crafting system that never sees older materials being upper-classes by newer ones (Early-game Iron is often a component for more resilient later-game alloys as an example), the enjoyable combat and movement, with the added aesthetics of stunning visuals and an amazing soundtrack makes Windforge the sort of game you can easily sink tens or hundreds of hours into.And it has to be said, Cordeus (the world of Windforge) is one of the best realised game worlds ever. Mechanically it gently encourage the player to up their game and rebuild their ship/gear through the environment alone. Falling meteors in the upper atmo? You might want to protect your hydrogen balloons then! Poisonous gas on the lower level? Pack an air purifier and/or breath aparatus.It's amazing how the game can flip from platformer to near-lovecrafting survival from one zone to the next, though of course, a skilled player can often play around these, but it's nice to know there's the option to craft a solution as well.I don't disagree that this game could have been more, but even with what you've got, it's a worthwhile experience.So if, like me, you're looking for something different, give windforge a go, but if you want something that's highly polished and can be played with mates, maybe give it a miss."
76561198043960246,Recommended,266170,33584983,Posted: 16 July,all,Kasumi Tani,"Windforge is a pretty interesting game in 2D exploration/building genre, which could be great if it didn’t suffer from bugs, certain annoying mechanics, and general feeling of unfinishingness.The main unique feature of Windforge is that you travel around the world in entirely customizable airship. Everything you add to your airship in Windforge affects its performance: propellers determine its speed, balloons help the airship stay afloat and rise, turrets are used in combat, engines are required to power other devices, and even blocks and cosmetic furniture matter in that they weight your ship down.Unlike games like Terraria or Starbound, Windforge's focus is almost entirely on exploration and fighting rather than building: in fact, you will likely only build your airship, as there’s no point of building a house. Windforge also has almost no decorative items, and most of decorations it does have are not actually available for player to make or collect and place on their airship or house.When it comes to combat, the challenge is average at best. While enemies can be dangerous during early to early-mid game, the AI is terrible, which is particularly noticeable in ship combat: it is too easy to outmaneuver and destroy even much stronger AI ship. But certain enemies, like krakens or large dragons can still present a danger to you or your ship through mid-game. Bosses are also a disappointment: they generally have similar attacks and attack patterns, and like most enemies suffer from terrible AI.Aside from poor AI, another glaring negative is that the world design is rather bland. Random locations are very similar: they are all just collections of floating islands, occasionally with ruins on them. The only reason to visit them is to mine ore or collect recipes from the ruins: you won’t be visiting a new location wondering what you might find there. And it doesn’t help that you spend much of the game travelling through these similar locations, typically having to travel through over 10 locations to get from one quest location to another.Also, unfortunately, there are a lot of bugs and glitches. Officially Windforge isn’t in Early Access, but it certainly feels like it is – with exception that the work on it has stopped. Most notable is that blocks can glitch through each other during collision, like when airship falls atop another, or to the ground, making it hard to dismantle fallen airship. Physical model is also glitches sometimes, making an airship or whale’s body suddenly fly up or sideward, or bounce on spot. And game’s save/load system also has a number of bugs and exploits, like player’s ability to replenish breathing air by saving and then loading game, or how freshly killed enemies revive after loading (with minimal HP, that allows easy double kill), though these can mostly be avoided by the player.But overall, I’d say that Windforge is quite an interesting game, despite its bugs and other shortcomings. If you are looking for more combat/adventure-orientated take on Terraria/Starbound, you may give Windforge a try."
76561198068720259,Not Recommended,266170,20275288,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,UltraEmailMan,"TLDR: DO NOT GET THIS. The game is stupid hard near the end, physics are glitchy at best, and the devs gave up on the game. What more do you need to know?I bought the game a couple years ago, it was fun for a while untill it became a massive grind. I would spend hours upgrading my ship just to go into the gas layer and get insta-killed by a squid. Half the times I would lucky enough to kill a squid or whale it would just fall out of the zone leaving me with no loot. The temples are easy enough if you can spam healing items to walk across the traps. The bosses at the end of each temple though are impossible to kill unless you are able to use the guns on your ship.I left this game three weeks after purchase and waited for it to get better, since then, they have only updated it a couple times with a changelog you could fit on your phone screen."
,Not Recommended,266170,9438355,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Ramen and Vitamins [TWRK],"I think there's lots of potential here, but the fundamentals are not in place. Too much of the basic mechanics is awkward. For example, the player moves quite fast, but this makes precise positioning difficult. But to move downward through a hatch you must be EXACTLY in the right spot. If you don't stop precisely in the center, you just run right over it. There are too many hatches in this game to sit there fighting the controls trying to get through each one.Another very fundamental mechanic with problems is block placement and destruction. They've opted for a 2.5D isometric presentation here, which looks good in screenshots, but causes difficulty during play. Every block is something like 1x1x4, which means they overlap one another and it's hard to pick out exactly the one you want to break, or to place one in exactly the right spot. It's just very confusing compared to the true 2D of Terraria.At this point I have to recommend NOT to buy this game. Once these fundamentals are addressed, that will hopefully change. There's a lot of potential here."
,Recommended,266170,28615899,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Starcaptain10,"Pros:+ Extremely vertical and varried world. If you fall, you could end up falling for miles+ Decent exploration. You never know what you will run into.+ Airship battles+ Abandoning your airship to sabotage another from the inside.+ Fire system. It can spread, and take out your entire ship if you're not careful.+ Sky whales. Enough said?+ The most terrifying underworld I've ever seen. Honestly, I don't think I can ever go down there.+ Grapple hooks. Better swinging mechanics than most spider man games.+ Using animals as parachutes. Not that I would do something so cruel...+ Allowing you to attempt to fix your airship while in free fall, instead of just saying game over.+ Allowing you to get stuck in areas if your ship gets shot down and you don't have another+ Hijacking other ships.+- Ship Ammo at first is hard to come by, but it did lead to the most epic demolition derbys ever so I'm not sure thats a conCons:- optimisation is a bit meh. It dropped into the single digits on my nvidia770 during a few of the scripted sequences. Specifically the ones where a lot was happening, buildings turning to sand and such.-  Loot system can be a bit mean when I spend forever shooting a crazy armored guy with my weak gun and he drops a walnut to congradulate me.- Camera doesn't zoom out as far as I'd like when flying airships. I've hit more buildings than I can count because of this.Overall: Way better than they get credit for. Not many games let you fail as hard as this one, and even fewer let you manually climb all the way back up every time you do."
76561198044673364,Not Recommended,266170,24772019,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Majestic Mr Fox,"This game was a lot of fun while it lasted, and has a feature that as far as I am aware is 100% unique. You can build your own ship however you want, outfit it however you want and fly it around an entire planet. That alone is worth the buy if you're after that. The reason I don't recommend it though is that it was completely dropped by it's developers while it was still in early development and as such was a huge disappointment. It's unpolished and pretty broken in places. If you get it, expect about a week or two before the novelty of flying about gets old."
,Recommended,266170,9423670,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Sofia Qyvalar,"This game surprised me. Literally out of nowhere, with a huge amount of content. Where did they hide it for all this time?It's got some incredbile vibes. The world is atmospheric (ha!), with skywhales floating around peacefully, pirates ambushing travelers, wonders and many many dangers...The process of building and flying an airship is pure joy. Having a grappling hook right from the start, also, opens up for a lot of cool moments. Disable that ship engine? Grapple over to it, knifing the crew out, and start stripping it bare for repairs after the fierce battle... then jump out as the last engine of the flying carcass dies out to a fire, barely managing to rappel yourself back to your shipIt has some quirks. Hit detection is a bit off. There's some evident screen-tearing when moving on foot at high speed, and the occasional crash paired with the not so generous autosave makes for some frustration (thankfully, you can save anywhere)It is incredibly open, which means you'll both be able to screw yourself over completely by going almost right off the bat in areas meant for waaaay higher levels (the death penalty is simply respawning in town, which considering the size of the world, is both good and bad), leaves you with almost no direction whatsoever after the small tutorial... but that also gives it that incredible exploration vibe. This world is brutal, huge, and beautiful. Expect to run away often with barely any ship leftHopefully, this will be patched to solve the issues. But I do highly recommend it, even in its current form"
,Not Recommended,266170,9422379,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Belannaer,Really buggy and unfinished. Do not buy until fixed. Whales are fun though.
76561197970934684,Recommended,266170,14818242,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Aetrion,"I had a lot of fun with this game, but I feel like at this point reccomending it comes with a few warnings: The developers have stopped updating the game, so none of the issues with it are going to get fixed. There are a bunch of physics bugs still in the game, and a lot of other issues that make the game feel extremely unfair at times. The ship building system in this game is unfortunately very flawed. Building a huge expensive ship with workshops and so on may be cool, but it serves no useful function in the game. Almost everything in the game is easier with a fast, small ship than with a big one, and most of the essential story points happen on foot. There are also at this point other games that simply provide a better outlet for engineering minded players.That said, the game does have a very cool world with an interesting story, which is kind of a saving grace. The fact that the game has a story you can play through and actually beat the game means that this isn't just another creative game you'll never play because there is simply no reason to get into it over the dozens of other games that have no clear goal. You can play through it in a few hours and have fun with it and then come to a satisfying conclusion."
,Recommended,266170,9658618,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Mr. Dawn with Keys Hat,"Well, I first came across this game when browsing projects in kickstarter, and I immediately felt attracted by it's original ideas. Ok, isolated, each of them are only reinterpretations of other ideas previous games already implemented, but I'm talking about the whole thing.As any other sandbox, Windforge is all about exploration and char development, with the innovative difference of being around steampunk themes. Cave exploration, a wide variety of weapons and building materials, different kinds of enemies to fight, random encounters, farming, skill training, crafting and alike, it's perfect if you like to explore and collect.Other distinctive characteristic of the game is the ability to build fully functional flying machines, and attach them with everything available, from turrets to spiked blocks, which can also be your home, if you wish so. Flying mechanics are also clever enough to make you spend some time figuring out the best design for your airships. Also, caves in Windforge start to collapse once you reach the dirt layer, so you need to watch where you're digging. Besides other interesting details, soon after starting your exploration through the world, you'll find yourself collecting resources and piece-by-piece building your flying fortress to triumph over enemies in the skies (which goes from air pirates to flying whales).The only bad thing here is the absence of multiplayer, which is understandable, since it was one of the stretch goals when it was funding in kickstarter, goal which wasn't unfortunately achieved. The devs have plans to implement it in the future, though.In other words: must buy. Nice game for a fair price. I have waited since this was just a kickstarter project, and the wait was not in vain.Great game that will be probably improve over time."
76561198043764767,Recommended,266170,9755866,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Ted Cruzumaki,"At a glance, this might look like just another Terraria clone, but it sets itself apart from the rest easily.The only complaints I have are about the bugs and crashes, but it's in early development as I write this, and more of it is fixed with every patch, and they come very frequently.The game itself is as close to perfect as you can get; a vast and interesting world to explore, your own fully-customizable skyship to do it in, and plenty of craftable items to arm yourself with. Also the grappling hook. You will have so much fun with the grappling hook.I've enjoyed every second that I've spent playing and I'm certain you will too."
76561198006574196,Recommended,266170,9660774,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Jinkaru,"There is nothing about this game that I do not like.   I can't say that about many games, but, this is one of them.   I hope the game keeps going with more content.The game is Contra meets Terraria and adds dynamic game play with sandbox elements of open world building.   It's great and delivers very well on all levels of stability and entertanment value.   Besides, what is there not to love about giant flying whales?"
76561198154179072,Recommended,266170,32855288,Posted: 27 June,all,mehmet_baha,Game is pretty good on its own way and its unique (ship and fliying whale concept) but while playing there are some irritating problems about games physiques engines and its poor character desings (1 hair shape for each gender /or bald) grappling hook may lag and catapult u away from your ship and probebly to a void which u will fall and die soo save your game each 10 minutes or so .whales are cute as long as u dont hurt em. anyways temples : place where u get soo angry at the random monster or enemy soldier spaws not even talking about the maze like desing where u cant find the boss room until u get frustrated (there are exeptions like first 3 temples in the wildernes part of the map) other than that its pretty fun game but if u play it too ship based u will get bored of the game cause it starts to feel like rinse and repeat.(note:i wish some game developer remade this game with better physques engine and desings this game got soo much potencial.
,Recommended,266170,13071419,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,💰[⇄]Wayne Buying Backpacks $$$,"Windforge brings a lot of new ideas to the crafting/platformer table, which is refreshing with the amount of stale clones on the market. If you want to be a steampunk Captain Ahab, chasing the white sky whale through the seven skies, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,266170,9586049,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Palestinian_Commando,"Well i recently bought this game, and what can i say? Simply AWESOME. The problems i keep getting however is making it hard for me to actually full on play the game. The game keeps crashing every 5-10 mins and it REALLY ruins things up. If someone could maybe help me through this problem s i can get over it, i would be VERY happy. Or if a patch i coming or smthn i would like to know, thank you..."
76561198048019012,Recommended,266170,9463602,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,God Emperor Trump,"Really awesome gamePros:-Sandbox as ♥♥♥♥! Build anywhere, destroy anything, follow the story or do your own♥♥♥♥♥♥-Nice graphics, obviously your opinion may vary but IMO the art and style of the game is great.-Smooth gameplay. The combat is fun, resource collection isn't a ♥♥♥♥♥, and using the grappling hook is the♥♥♥♥♥♥-Fun tutorial that's not a tutorial.-Completely optional story, for those times when flying around killing sky whales doesn't cut it.-Mother♥♥♥♥ing Airships!@!@! Seriously fun to build, fly and fight in.Cons:-The hitboxes suck♥♥♥♥♥♥for most non-human enemies.-Quite challenging to get started.-Occasional Crashes.-Few Minor Bugs.Overall I highly recommend this game and for the price you can get it for you can't go wrong.Buy it."
76561198258923385,Not Recommended,266170,23808589,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Void463,The main aspect for me was that I didn't really get to enjoy sailing the skies in my airships because something was trying to kill me every 2 seconds. plus the controls were rather difficult to work with. Good game on paper and with a little work on it I feel it really has the potential to be something great. But for now I can't really recomend it as it is
76561198012113843,Recommended,266170,18514059,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,damonknoss,love the agame good consept but has  issues with some areas startting to get low fps or lag often fixed by just reloading the area
,Recommended,266170,9470368,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Yunyun,"Best game I've seen in a while, I have to say. A game where you have the freedom to not only build a little house, have a little mine, but you also get the freedom to build your own airship and explore the vast open air or if you're feeling confident; your own sky base! The game has only a few bugs that I've encountered, but the auto save this game has makes up for it. You get a game where you're thrown into a story line, but you get to do whatever you want. It's a perfect mix between free roam, free build, and storyline all wrapped up with a nice steampunk bow. This game is a must have for your Steam library. 10/10. Well done Snowed In Studios."
76561198051136047,Recommended,266170,19149624,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Ol' Uncle Sheo[Gurren],"Windforged is a game with a lot of potential, but it inadvertently squanders that potential with unfriendly UIs, confusing controls, and a strange mixed genre that makes it unable to fit in anywhere. It's not a bad game at all, but it's not for everyone. I recommend trying it for yourself, because I really can't do it justice, but be prepared to get a refund.Recommended--but with caution."
76561198072594185,Recommended,266170,18889770,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Vaulter,"Fun game if you enjoy customising your own airships, bases, etc. Kinda like sky starbound. The fact the blocks are so small (you're eight blocks tall) makes building slightly annoying, but the fact the blocks are so small lets you edit pretty small details which is great fun. At the moment i'm getting really annoying crashes but i'm sure this is not an over-arching pattern. In short go for it, as it's already a solid little game."
76561198132833657,Recommended,266170,18928468,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,rikusora1994,"This game, while difficult is excellent.I'll admit a few grievances though.-Every so often the dirigible will stop firing when you click before firing almost automatically for several minutes.-When exploring new islands, it will sometimes randomly react as if you dropped a great distance, but this is rare.-The insect enemies are overpowered, given they've done more damage than the lizards.-It needs controller support.Ultimately, the pros outweigh those cons by a landslide.I highly recommend this to anyone who likes Terraria or Starbound."
,Not Recommended,266170,9447212,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Zixon01,"The idea is good and all but the graphics just dont cut it for me. Combining 2D and 3D is a very fine process and doesn't work very often, especially in this case. It feels to force to work and the extra depth provided by the ""3D"" enviroment makes the game seem less and less like a decent metroidvainian and more like a half baked pie. A bad pie at that. The crust looks good but everything on the inside is poorly choosen and doesn't go well together. Maybe if they had left the entire game in 2D instead of the half and half. To add to the fact of terrible graphic choices, the extra ""fog"" layer that covers ground you haven't mined yet is really sloppy and seems to take ques from Worms Open Warfare, and other Worms titles, revealing small circles each time damage is dealt to the terrain. Maybe if they simply blacked out the ""unknown"" sections and had a similar function as  Terraria and Starbound, it might work out better, but they didn't. All in all the game looked promising but as I took a ""bite"" into it, it turned out to be poorly put together with terrible choices in the design. Maybe some people will like it, but I don't, at least not in it current state. So if you want a good game to run around in and explore, especially with a ton of weapons and tools, go play Starbound, Terraria, Minecraft, or maybe just go play a different genre."
76561198123540780,Recommended,266170,20855970,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Justtheboy2000,"I would say this  game is a 8/10It is fun to go out and just fight other ships in the game but AI for things like whales and how enemy ships fly. The story could use a little work because i just feel like i am just doing the same thing over and over again. Other than that, then its a pretty fun game."
,Recommended,266170,21097575,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,pushtaki,"just wow.this game got me hooked so suprisingly well..concept-a world ravaged of gravity, mid-air floating islands, art that resemebles some of ""yes"" albums?compressed in a ""liero"" like platformer, with the throwing rope hook, and tons of rpg elements.but that's not the en of the gameplay:you can also destroy everything in the game, and get resources to build stuff for your baloon ships, new weapons, armour etc.concept: A+performance of the concept-set in an old school like, graphics and mechanics. the zooming is great, and the controls are fair.there is a learning curve when trying to climb steep mountains with your hook, or getting back to your ship. but its all part of the gameplay, from my account. you can save on every point, and reload. so you can experiment as you wish.i would say it has some clankiness in it, but its terribly rare. never had a crash, and never did my character got stuck.performance of concept: A-.sound-the music is fine, i would lower it to get the just the right amount of atmosphere, i think its a bit repetitive, but very fitting.the only nag is the sound effect expolsion in the intro, and the fact that there is no accompying music to the cut scene.sound: BGameplay-right now i can't get enough of it. so many things to do, besides the quest. is getting more moeny for more recipes to get cooler items and also increase your stats to get cool perks. which right now is terribly expansive. but the gameplay is so enjoyable. it inclludes- real dodging from bullets, monsters fire, monsters jumping at you. the grappling hook is fab. the fact that you  can destroy anything in your path to make a shortcut through with your jack hammer.your costumable ship. literally paint your own ship that has its functions. the air battles are fun. although wind can be a drag??overall:A-this is a great development of oldschool nostalgic, i can't believe i've waited so long to play this. its like the developers only came up with the evolution of what newer games would be from the 2000. this is one of the best games i've played in years. thanks!"
,Recommended,266170,28183453,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,LifeWeaver,"This game is fun, and the only bugs I ran into was my screen occasionally having a white bar across the screen.(maybe once every several hours) I'll also note that in the temples after a lot of enemies spawned it slowed down my pc, merely saving and reload fixed this issue, which happend once every temple visit. However, I imagine pc specs play into when the slowdown happens. My specs -> AMD FX-9590 Eight core, 32 GB Ram, Nvidia GTX 970 Graphics card."
76561198055570084,Recommended,266170,18515451,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,le0pard64,"This game is a fun game with some very good concepts and a nice imaginative story. It takes the player on a creative journey in a air world filled with adventure and steampunk styled air ships. Unlike some games the storyline in Windforge is mostly not open-ended, you can continue playing after you have completed the main quests but there really isn't that much to do.This game is another example of a game that functions and is fun to play but, sadly, lacks the polish and finishing that would make it truly great. There is so much untapped potential in the world of Windforge that this game just can't capture. There are towns but they are filled with NPCs that mostly have only a single phrase if you try to talk to them. They have no awareness of the world around them and will not make a peep if you empty the safe they are standing next to.The finish and polish of the graphics are simplistic but do convey the steampunk styling. The character animation is simple and the movement a bit unrefined, making it challenging to control the character with precision sometimes.The destructible world is done quite well with ore generating in the floating islands. I really enjoy games that let me get creative and this is the biggest thing that made the game fun and exciting was to build and refine my airship. I appreciated the recepie system where you can discover new things you can build. It makes more sense than some other games where you mysteriously know how to make everything for which you have materials. I wish there was a way to get specific recepies, none of the towns had a recepie for large motors so I spent half the game looking for that one recepie. A dedicated recepie vendor in one of the towns that is guarantied to have all the basic recepies would be a good idea.I enjoyed playing this game but the lack of refinement was abrasive. This game will not likely be one I return to like other creative games. It kind of makes me sad when I see games that have so much potential but were not able to realize it. I am a furniture maker by trade and this game reminds me of a beautiful chair that still needs some sanding and a lovely laquer finish to be a real good seller, but currently is little more than a functional place to set your bottom. Careful! you might get splinters. :)"
76561197963205359,Not Recommended,266170,10024893,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Miceweasel,"Game seriously needs a patch. AI is a bit messed up. Fast melee monsters will chase you but they are going so fast that if there is a wall they will get stuck inside or on the other side of the wall, if you jump over them they will try to change direction upwards so they will instead run through the ceiling.Also, when you are flying your ship you will constantly be attacked by either pirates or flying creatures, which gets extremely annoying when you're just trying to find your quests location (some quests you are shown exactly where they are, some you are only shown what map it is on). After completing the first quest you will get turrets and 1000 bullets for them, but I used them up the moment I had reached the closest mission target, leaving no bullets for the return trip. The closest target was about 2 ""zones"" from the city and the furthest about 10.I was being attacked by a pirate while I was near the ground I stopped controlling my ship, still standing inside, it was like now the pirates couldn't see me anymore and just flew away.Aiming is also a bit wonky, shoot and you miss, aim a bit more down, shoot and hit the same spot. What I mean by that is, that it seems like you can only aim at specific degree angles. So you aim to the right, but can only shoot 5 degrees upwards to the right, not directly at 0 degrees."
,Recommended,266170,18964803,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Queztcrunchal,9/10 the only thing that is bad about the game is the lack of ship desgins for enemy ships there are very few desgins but the rest of the game is great it has a good story line there is no oh noes bad guy team kill kill its more of a way of life living off of whale oil and whale accessories and the whales are slowly dieing off and your hired to look for a new power a new way of life but there is something you can do with whales is you can kill them and rip into them and harvest them instead of having them drop items so 9.5/10 with that addon
76561198040324687,Recommended,266170,9613974,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Skabs,If you like building airships anyway you like...if you like swinging grappling hooks and multitude of weapons and armor...if you like pirating other ships raiding temples and strange locales If you love skywhalesThis is your gameThis is one of them games that though it may seem simple on the outside the randomness of what could happen and will happen each time you play is totally unexpected half the timeYou can quite literally learn mine/dig craft build a massive airship fly it to the upper atmosphere outgunned and outmanned by enemy pirates then just crash you flaming ship a weckage into the biggest one avoiding thier ship cannons take a suicidal leap of faith of the side while blazing away at nearest mobs fall several full zones w/out a parachute knowing its all over if you go splat then at one final instance throw out your grappling hook latching on a skywhale avoiding fire from flame spitters swing around backside stretchrope and land safely on an adjacent island knowing you can easilly radio in for a towship bring you and whats left your ship back to town =) for another round
,Recommended,266170,23510979,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,BearonicMan,I had quite a bit of fun playing this game. The mechanics can be a little bit wonky and there are some glitches here and there but it was worth the 25 or so hours I put into it. Building the airships and hunting for new parts and materials was what I generally had the most fun doing. I think it's worth the purchase.
,Recommended,266170,9937912,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,snakewrestlingmaster,"The game is fun but the lack of key coding (you know customizing the buttons) really makes this game a bummer!!!  Something about using asdw as the D-pad makes this game an epic waste of time, otherwise the game is fun.  Come onCreators make the game somewhat user friendly, I was always an inverted palyer, and also need to have the buttons layed out in a somewhat user friendly pattern and I can not use my RAZER NOSTROMO without some help!!!"
76561198071968307,Recommended,266170,9665832,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Kyrinasha,"I really enjoy playing this game, and the art style is fantastic!"
76561197990460373,Recommended,266170,9767783,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Mikkyd,"If you like Terraria, Minecraft, Starbound, survival games, building games, you will love this game. I bought both Windforge and Starbound and I find myself playing Windforge much more often. As an unmodded game, the amount of creativity you can use in killing, mining, ship building is extensive.You won't regret buying this game. Also, the devs are responsive to community needs!"
76561198049773635,Recommended,266170,15455653,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,21 Samvage,"Defineitely the most underrated game i have ever played. This game is truly amazing, it's a lot of fun. All though it lacks a bit of story quests. However, the story is ok-good-ish, it has a nice plottwist at the end which is surprising and pretty cool. To say it like this, the end of the story quest is not the end of the game. I didn't even start the story quest until i was about 20 hours into the game. I was flying around in my super badass ship, destroying small and big ships, hunting whales for oil. I had a blast just scavenging ships and selling the parts to vendors, so that i could get better weapons and armour. I found it extremely fun to jump of my ship and grappling hook another ship, and just completely ninja them. All  though some ships are friendly or, rather neutral. Especially tose carrying valuables, such as cans of oil and other stuff. ""trying not to spoil some of the ships in game"". At least give this game a try, i will be playing this game a lot more. JUST BECAUSE IT'S VERY FUN!! Give me another game where you can jump of your custom designed steampunk ship, grappling hook the tail of a whale, jump on top of him and start ******* **** *** **. Oh you are wondering about what i was gonna write? buy the game and try it yourself, i am seriously irritated by the lack of awareness this game has got, it is very cool.Personal rating : 9,314/10"
76561198029978533,Recommended,266170,9857407,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,America_Yea,I ran into what for any other system would be a gamebreaking bugbut not for this game.  once it's fully patched out this game will be amazing.
76561198184718621,Recommended,266170,24379033,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,the speedwagon,"kk so reason i liked the game was -- the ship building- the gear crafting- and the skills- basicly all the progression systems- i also like the ship combat-the player movment becomes insane once agility is leveledthe ""meh stuff -- the mano en mano combat-expected more from tamingand the bad stuff-it ♥♥♥♥s up the late game progression system-mid game ore grinding is boooring-the knife is better at digging and finding ores than the drill-and killing whales/ other big beasties doesnt give much profit :(- the big beasties are super strong vs ships but not so much vs poison knife buttrapeall in all i liked it and my review sucked so gg me10/10 would buttrape a whale using another whale again"
76561198072264793,Recommended,266170,24173437,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,oedipexgalaxy,"I don't know why people expected the moon from this or anygame as none are perfect to EVERYONE.This game has flaws. Most have some.This game is and always will be in my top 20 games of all times.Saying alot as I have played games since the 80's, Windforge is great.There is a good story. not the best mind you. The character moves like a puppet.You will die ALOT. And then there's some small bugs.After that said, I felt happy to spend four 40 hour work weeks livinginside Windforge.Beautiful ArtShips are awesome to fly and buildMany weaponsMany Ship partsA bunch of missionsHuge worldGreat battlesEpic whale encountersNothing like seeing a floating Island with alot of orein the early game and think "" I need that ore but it'll be hard to get it all""but later you return in your giant mining ship and devour the entireIsland.I love you and your many flaws Windforge.Would pay $100 for an even better sequel."
76561197983708313,Recommended,266170,17251635,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Ultimate Mayhem,Game is very cool..but is there a reward for winning the gamebecause i killed the king.. and then magicly I teleportedto my airship after killing him
76561197995720661,Recommended,266170,11223204,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Ch1ck3n_L0rd,"Such an Adventure. I'm disappointed the way games are going these days so i was so happy when i found this game!!So original, like contra meets minecraft/terrariaMet the creator at Pax a year ago, and hes a chill guy! would recomend it to anyone!!!you need this game!!seriously, why are you still reading this, hurry and start playing... ;p"
,Recommended,266170,9434603,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,The Moist,Love the gameplay and the concept. The story is not as catching as i would have hoped. The only problem I have is that the game seems to crash... alot. I am not sure if its my computer or the game has to bugs but i would definetly reccomend it to steampunk lovers if it gets fixed.
76561198105359608,Not Recommended,266170,9446931,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,loqi238,"Saves are broken, so you must start a new game if you exit out of the game. Also, the game randomly crashes every 5 - 30 minutes. I jokingly named my save crash1 before I learned of the broken saves, and when I try to load any save, the game crashes... It is apparently in early alpha, but the steam store didn't mark it as such. Either wait a while until at least the saves are fixed, or just take your money elsewhere. It is NOT worth the money they want for it."
76561198050752359,Recommended,266170,19149346,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Cthulhu,"This game is great! All they need to do is add multiplayer, then it would be even better. The thought of being able to create airships with friends and sail around killing people is just ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful!"
76561198159181406,Recommended,266170,19144502,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Lothar,"This game is realy great but has some flaws.1. The movment is relitivly wierd.2. There is a lot of clipping at high speeds.3. There is no quick travel so it is hard to go to other citys.Other then that it is a realy good game, just try not to understand the numbers to hard"
76561197978629966,Not Recommended,266170,9739156,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Robdillard,"I really wanted to like this game. But a myraid of bugs quickly halted my progress. The premise is fun most certainly. But the framework for that fun needs quite a bit of work. I do not think the game should have been available on steam as a released game. This really qualifies as an ""early access"" offering. At this point you would have more enjoyment playing games in this genre that offer multiplayer, this would offset your loss progress with a communal experience.Verdict: Not recommended. It simply does not feel ""finished"""
76561198094676137,Recommended,266170,32823112,Posted: 26 June,all,gaquwa,"I would recomend it to others because its so fun trying to build a battle ship thats very moblie and just trying to balance assault,defence and mobility.The only downside is that its not multiplayer or if it does its not very clear to me.This is a good game and its got a copious amount of fun challanges."
76561198115974160,Not Recommended,266170,9894342,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,minneerminneer,stupid game wont even work after i paid $15 for it i hope they can fix this bug were the screen is white and it crashes
76561198010271345,Recommended,266170,11695970,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Beta Ray Bill,"Dunno why the metacritic score for this game is so low. I've played Minecraft, Terraria, Starforge, and Edge of Space (and tons of other procedural games), so you could say I'm into these types of games, and Ive actually had my eyes on this one since the days when it first entered greenlight (i actually voted for it). Finally got my hands on it, and I gotta say, of all the games ive mentioned above, Windforge was the right-off-the-bat funnest game, and it also shows the most promise. Right now, its an early access experience like you might expect, but the ship mechanics are awesome, the dungeons are tons of fun, and the balance between grinding materials/buying from merchants/unlocking schematics is leagues ahead of the other procedural gen games familiar to this.If you like the genre, you're bored, and can spare $15, this game is worth it, if not now then at least for what it will be with sufficient backing and dev support.The current bad parts just really have to do with content and variety. All that is probably bound to change, but to name a few in case the devs are watching, more enemy ship types at all stages of the game, more towns (maybe scattered small villages? just for the merchants? or even friendly merchant ships?) and definitly more enemies.the biggest bug that's bothered me is randomly some items, after being crafted or purchased, wont move into my inventory, it will simply dissapear. That means the materials/dollars are gone. lost as much as 30k in one shot once. thats a lot for where i am in the game.Otherwise its a wonderful experience and i will definitly keep playing and having fun while the devs do their work.EDITMy hours have continued to rack up in this game. Got a lot of things on my mind but wanna keep it short. The biggest thing is content (theres too few of it). I mean, obviously its early access and the game isnt finished, but for those wondering whether it will be a ""complete experience"" if they purchase the game right now, well it really depends on their expectations.The fundamentals are there though. The ship-to-ship combat remains incredibly satisfying, theres tons of freedoms for modifying your ship (construction choices will seriously influence the way you explore/fight/survive), and after a little while the 2.5D graphics grow on you. At least they did for me. World seems to have a lot more detail and a bit of much needed depth. Yea, I guess construction can be a bit clunky, but personally I have adapted wonderfully. Its not perfect by no means, essentially if you want to have some precision, you wont be building anything fast. But destroying stuff with your jackhammer feels pretty good (especially with high strength), the grapling gun is just about the most amazing mechanic in any builder so far other than probably the ship mechanics. You can swing around, rappel, pull things, fly about basically like spiderman (after practice), with just one mouse button and WASD.But again, need more content. More dungeons, more towns, more enemy ships and more everything. The game world is huge, and there should be more content propelling you out there into the dangerous unknown. Do you know how cool it is engineering a combat/exploration-worthy vessel air-tight-ready for the Gas? Then only have to employ it a couple of times? Oh wait, that second bit aint cool at all. But its the reality right now.P.EDITI forgot to mention this, because my PC's pretty meaty, but even it dips significantly in framerate every once in a while in this game, but sometimes for persistant amounts of time. I've seen others complain they cant run this game on a laptop (which seems rediculous to me in this age of computing), so be forewarned."
,Not Recommended,266170,14539412,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Shirsh,"Don't ever try it. Just don't.There are sky in it, there are flying ships in it, there are real huge awesome skywhales in it, there are steam/dieselpunk in it, there are skypirates, merchants and sailors in it, there a liquid magma core and floating islands, there are wild layer with gliding wolfes, poisoned deadly layer with gigant krakens, civilized places with town and government, and there are ancient temples.Fully destructible world. Over 200 crafting recipes.Flying Ships. Whales. Temples. Secrets.Just no!If you ever want be a pirate don't even look at it. Cause probably you will fall in love.And only after that you will find that there are no AI, just pair of bad scripts; no plotline, just holes; awful animations for everything besides sky, propellers and animals.Characters are not characters, but poorly made mannequins.Real lack of graphic everywhere (like dozen types of armor, eh? they use one sprite, no difference, leather jacket and machinized diesel armor; two faces for 95% of population), okay, probably I'm too casual player for it.But no, even if graphics is nothing for you, it's really disappointing to see how bad some good ideas could be implemented. It will break your heart and you will be crying in corner of your bed.Again: no AI, no good story, no 'live' characters. Everything is bad.(Beside sky, whales and packed resources from 'big.file'. But last one doesn't implemented good)Or try, because it still damn beautiful, just don't fall in love too much, I have hard feelings about this game, that's tragedy that it stays so unfinished =("
,Recommended,266170,13279509,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","I cannot recommend this game enough, it's literal only flaw is the lack of multiplayer, it combines guns of icarus with terraria or starbound, there is no floor to the world so you have to be careful of freefalling to the core, if you get close to the core there is poisonus gas that will slowly invade your ship and kill you if you get any holes in your vessel, you can wrangle yourself a sky whale and ride it into battle or into the nearest island so you can kill it and use it for fuel and then turn the corpse into your own rotting sky shipthere is so much to this game and it is so perfect that it makes me cry that there is no multiplayer, you really get this amazing feeling of being an awesome andventurer who doesn't fear jumping out of his ship onto an enemy ship and removing the engines, only to barely manage to attatch his grapel hook back to his own ship before the enemy plummets to the firey core belowjust buy it"
76561197967223942,Recommended,266170,9764929,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,MVBlake,"Notice:  This is an interim review based on early impressions.  I can't say I've logged enough hours yet to really get into it.1)  My sound doesn't work.  This could be a hardware issue admittedly (unlikely, everything else works fine) but it doesn't.  However, I emailed the devs and recieved and helpful response very quickly so thumbs up!  I think I've found my own bug!  I hope they name it after me :)2)  The crafting system is strong and the game is helpful enough to tell you what you need (both a strength and a weakness, depends on what you like.  Hunting recipes isn't fun for everyone, but then using my psychic abilities to work out craft recipes ala minecraft isn't always the best either)3)  The flying is fun and being rammed by a flying whale is tremendous.4)  I would like more customisation for the character.  Changing his name is really about all you're allowed to do.That's it so far.  Hope it helps."
,Not Recommended,266170,9588617,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Zails,"Crashes when trying to start a new game, Crashes when trying to load a game, but the credits and FB buttons sure work."
,Not Recommended,266170,13987156,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Dark,"I  want to like Windforge and it has so many of the pieces in place but sadly something just does not click into place. The idea of the game is amazing and the exercution is for most part, perfect however its the little things which spoil the experience.-Shooting a target feels off somehow.-The graphics although good looking seem like they are not refreshing quick enough.-inventory is rubbish and pulls you out the game every time you want to select something.I could go on but all it is, is picking holes in what should be the best game on steam. I get the impression, one day the people behind it will start anew, get it right and be hailed as the new minecraft of the next decade.In short, wonderful ideas which are let down by the lack of a little polish. I would buy the game as you may get more out of it but only if you are hardcore into these sort of things."
76561198044187159,Recommended,266170,10020692,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,THE_ WALL,MAKE IT WORK ON WINDOWS 8
,Not Recommended,266170,9445462,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,HexStadium,"(I may change this review if the bugs are patched)A fantastic idea, that, if placed in the hands of a better funded or more experienced game developer may have skyrocketed, but so far the game sits like my airship with a broken balloon.Let me regale you with the tales of Buggy McBugstien.Once upon a time McBugstien set out on an adventure into a temple to recover some magical macguffin. This artifact must have had a lot of magic in it, because upon jumping into the air in excitement, Mr. McBugstien practically exploded and died instantly. Must have been too much for his heart. Next, after recovering the magical thingy and the temple collapsing around him, Buggy managed to escape into his airship just as the island exploded. Sadly, there must have still been some magic in the air as Buggy phased through the ship floor and fell to his death.Upon awakening at the crash site, McBugstien decided to make some repairs to his ship. He decided to make a venture into the mine to the west and after killing a Bat-Dog that, upon death, flew back with such force that it litterally evaporated 5-6 layers of solid rock, Buggy decided to decend deeper into the cavern, firing his grappling hook into the floor to make his slow decent. Sadly, Buggy must have shot himself in the foot, as he instantly died once again. Deciding that firing high powered grappling hooks near ones body is probably not the best thing, Buggy fired it into the cieling and decended down into the depths. After killing a Marauder (or at least thats what Buggy hoped it was) he jumped onto a ledge containing a copper vein. Little did Mr.Bugstien know, that the copper had been irradiated by whale blubber and procceeded to keel over and die once again. Thus ended the life of Mr.Bugstien at least until the world in which he lives becomes a little more stable"
,Not Recommended,266170,9599061,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Matthias Jaeger,"I love this game, but it's not finished. It was released in a beta-state that had many gamebreaking bugs that pretty much killed any chance of you enjoying it. As of this date, it still has manymanyglaring issues that any released game should never have.For being the only game this company has ever released, it's a failure. Not for the game design, but that it's not complete. Until it's been 100% fixed, which could be never, do not buy this game."
76561198013625110,Recommended,266170,11370723,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Meows,"Only Game I know  where you can use whiles to mine, and then ride them as your own, 10/10 would ride the while again."
,Recommended,266170,10500013,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Jelland,This game is fun. You can go around killing flying whales and then mine their flesh. You can also fly around killing other pilots and stealing their ships.
76561198039854173,Recommended,266170,9491700,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Moros,People seem to forget this game is still in early development and let this be the judge of their experience. It's a good game and has lots of potential.
,Not Recommended,266170,9486701,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Marco,"Windforge is a single player Terraria-like with a focus on creating and flying airships and turning into into mobile weapons.And it's absolutely awful.Art - It's passable. But you can really see the rough, unfinished spots. The monsters look hilariously clunky too.Controls - Your character is a sliding, greasy mess. Trying to slip through the many trapdoors in the game is an exercise in annoyance. Mining things somehow manages to be a gigantic, clunky pain... in a Terraria-like.Story - It's not exactly inspired, but it works.UI - Clunky. Hey it's that word again! The whole UI is clunky, unresponsive and in general a mess. Trying to find specific items to craft is bad right from the beginning and as soon as you start getting more recipes and materials it turns into a nightmare.So to summarize, I get the feeling the developer's creed when making this game was ""Is this barely passable? Maybe? Then great, let's move on to the next feature"". Buy at your own peril, because this game is crash happy and won't hesitate to mess with your save files."
,Recommended,266170,15236283,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Armchair_Tactician,"Built a warship in the shape of a giant drill and used it to dig the king's castle in half. King would've died if he wasn't immortal.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=42070101810,000/10-Would wreck castle again."
76561198054678192,Not Recommended,266170,9438079,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Schmell My Gadget,"If you haven't noticed, the steam store is being drowned out by early access games that ussually get their 10 cents and then the developers just let the game die. A lot of those games have potential and most of them are garbage. This game has potential and is not the latter. I just hope it isn't here just for money and they actually finish it.This game is a lot of fun but it has a lot of problems. The build system gets pretty frustrating sometimes such as when you are trying to put a vertical propeller on and it doesn't snap. The movement is not the greatest, especially when dealing with hatches. The game is also Very difficult. I will kill an enemy and wait for the next to come then I will loot their ships. Then another enemy comes and blows up my main ship while I am looting and I have to go spiderman on them, I sometimes just end up falling off the ship though which is not fun because you go through each load wall until you hit something and die.There are some performance issues I have noticed such as occassional temporary freezes and whenever you go to the temples or cities, that might just be my computer though.One of the big highlights of the game is the hunting of these floating whales. In order to harvest the whales they must be above a land mass when you kill them. This can be problematic because some areas don't spawn them. In the upper atmosphere are ""Space Whales"", these guys are really bad. They have more blubber but are almost impossible to harvest because they go in to anti gravity mode and just float away when they die. The whale carcasses also seem to attract a crapload of enemies making it even more difficult to harvest.This is an original game and it is pretty awesome. I really hope that all the problems get fixed before its official release. Expect a lot of bugs, performance issues, and frustration. I recommend this game because it is better than most early access games that come out these days. It is a lot of fun and it is still in its alpha stage.Edit: I have now gotten about 45 hours under my belt. I am adding this part to my review because I feel it is needed. I have gotten to around the end of the game and have encountered many bugs and glitches. Almost 9 of my saves have corrupted, therefore I have kept about 3 saves updated. Every time the quest tells me to meet with someone I go and meet with them and it doesn't complete the quest. This makes it so I can't beat the final boss. All in all, I don't think that this game is ready. It has loads of playability but you will be cringing through it due to frequent short term freezes due to enemies spawning in the area, and save corruption. This game was a lot of fun but I am going to wait until it gets patched a load more. I'll check it out again in a month."
76561198111271756,Recommended,266170,33623566,Posted: 17 July,all,FasteningFern,"I would recommend this game to anyone who has even a passing interest in airahips and skywhales, however do not purchase this if you are expecting a complete game they dropped development in 2015 after adding a data extractor.Despite its abandonment it is still a fun game overall but just know that you will not recieve any form of customer support if you consider trying."
76561198109780269,Recommended,266170,26481747,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,zans,how does this have mixed revies all i need to say is once i jumped off my ship to land on a flying wolf with a knife then i landed after i slayed the flying wolf in midair
76561198213586561,Recommended,266170,25048000,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,dalem85,need more story or places to loot but i loved it
,Recommended,266170,32945309,Posted: 28 June,all,birb,"Great idea, unfortunatley not executed well. I fell in love with the awesome whales and airships you can make, but there are glitches all over the place."
76561198096538044,Not Recommended,266170,18529459,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,tabitha.evelyn.fine,"This isn't a bad game from the little I was able to play it, but there were a lot of problems with the controls, not to mention having a hard time getting it to start up to begin with.  I had trouble with it crashing even after I upgraded my video card drivers.  I played a total of about two hours before the technical issues got to me and I asked for my money back.As to the game itself, what little I saw was very creative.  I personally like the visuals, and the flora and fauna are very creative.  However, controling the main character was too difficult.  I expected there to be some manuvering and a learning curve for directing the air ships, but the PC herself was flailing all about, over-shooting her mark and making it hard to avoid dying by landing wrong.I don't like the weird layout of the blocks.  In Terraria, the screen is completely 2-D, so wherever you point your mouse cursor is where your character digs.  Here, it's like they were trying to give a slight three-dimensionalness to it, but that made it hard to know just where I was aiming when I was trying to shoot or to dig.I really wanted to like this game - REALLY wanted to.  It's a fabulous idea, and as I said, the graphics are great.  I just can't get past the difficulties.If you're used to Terraria-style game play, I can't in good faith recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,266170,9592776,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Nik,"The game is fun, it would have been really good, but it was released as an alpha, some pathcn otes just prove it, even if just playing there are so many bugs and idiotic mecanics that you would have to bve blind to not notice.That's why I'm giving this game a negative review, because they released it unfinished, alpha staged, instead of sending it in early access as would have been proper.Just to cite one patch note:""Fixed a problem preventing certain temples from being generated, including the Cintrintas temple."".Yup the game has been released SO BUGGY, SO ALPHA STAGE that main quest line zone didn't even spawn in savegames created several weeks after release. However believe me, if I had to list all the bugs and obscene unfinished unpolished mechanics this game has I would need to write pages.And it it sad, becasue the game is fun, but I feel the devs didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on everyone.♥♥♥♥ them then."
,Recommended,266170,17065104,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,analbreaker,it would be amazing if it had multiplayer but the start i love it o3o
76561198067982521,Recommended,266170,9442396,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,ace_of_tennis,"From what ive seen its a lot of fun, only it crashes every five minutes or so. looking forward to being able to enjoy the full experience though"
76561198076060667,Recommended,266170,19831445,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,fitch2711,"This game has consumed my life! Despite the average review being mixed, the game just looked awesome! Despite the slight difficulty with building, and the microscopic block size,  the game pulled through. The sheer awesomeness of a steampunk-airship-floaty-island game that actually works is so cool!"
76561198138307338,Recommended,266170,17290200,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,winger.the.lizard,"fun but the bad guy, weather and repair mannuly suck evry time i try any thing sme thing goes wrong i had to stop and repair 50 times on the second temple 50 TIMES"
76561198055462479,Recommended,266170,12340731,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Celebrin,This kept me going for hours :) awesome sandbox with alot of building and crafting and exploring :) just my cup of tea
,Not Recommended,266170,24747237,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Soviet Woof,"I realy wish this was a good game, the concept is there and so are the machanics but nothing much else"
76561197988994736,Recommended,266170,10012434,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,thejoche,"Another Early Access game that was a winner in the early access crap shoot. Still needs a bit of work, but an outstanding game with great ideas that are away from the normal tropes of gaming.  Really enjoyed it. Still needs some work on the the bugs tho.  9/10."
,Not Recommended,266170,9560604,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,nectarq,"so much bugs...I just bought the game, and its crashes just as im trying to save. This problem is very popullar, and devs doing nothing to solve it.Im putting for refund.Have no idea how they wanna make money without working game."
76561198010786535,Recommended,266170,9588219,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,StrangerToCarnage,FLYING ♥♥♥♥ING WHALES!
,Not Recommended,266170,14592969,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Laziggy,"i thought ""OH YEAAAAH THIS IS GONNA BE AWESOME"" then i figured out that i cant open the game and i just wasted 14 dollars on it.i want my money and hardrive sspace back"
,Not Recommended,266170,9663578,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Ad0z,"There is a chance that when you purchase this game, it will only run for a few minutes before you receive an error relating to your graphics card. First the devs said they were prioritising fixing this error and have since said they are working on other errors leaving the game completely unplayable to many of its buyers. I recommend downloading a cracked version to test the game first."
76561198007110153,Recommended,266170,14942915,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Asmodai,This game is fantastic! When I first heard about it I thought it sounded awesome but then I started reading some of the reviews and they put me off. So much so that I almost didn't try this game. I am so glad that I didn't listen to the people saying that it was no good.
,Recommended,266170,9448909,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,GamingHybrid,"I saw this game on the store page, and thought, what the hell, i'll give it ago, and every moment i have played it has been enjoyable (and bloody hard at some points), there are a few problems and bugs, but hopefully they will get fixed. on that point aswell, in the temples, are enemies supposed to spawn in the room you were just in at a fast rate or even at some points spawn in the same room, just off camera, just saying its a bit annoying to clear a room move on to then be attacked from behinde."
76561198066687598,Recommended,266170,22135257,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,leerwhite,"Excellent game even though it was never finished, sadly. Yes it can be buggy and there are things missing, however it is still very pleasurable to play. It has elements of Terraria with Airships. I still hold out hope someone decides to pick up the reins and either finishes this game or starts over and recreate a game with similar aspects plus more. This game to me is worth the cost and I have almost 200 hours into it. If you are a person who only will play perfect polished games don't buy. If you give this game an honest go, you will not be disappointed."
76561198031769444,Recommended,266170,9461380,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Voidmaster05,"Despite its art style, this game is full of interesting and difficult challenges. Vine-infested temples, floating jungles, sky pirates, and Sky Whales abound. I would recommend practicing with the grappling hook, as you will find yourself accidentally falling from your ship fairly often.As I said, this game is surprisingly difficult, but do not let that hold you back. There is much adventure to be found if you're willing to find it."
,Not Recommended,266170,21490887,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Priest of Ballance,"It has much potential, and maybe I just suck at playing it but it is so hard to start off."
,Not Recommended,266170,26039964,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Gibberish Name,"DO.NOT.BUY. its like someone took a flash editor from newgrounds and tried to give it an open-world, linear storyline."
76561198098389641,Recommended,266170,9812492,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Necro-loli-con,"This is an exceptionally fun game. Nice story line so far and ship blowing up stuffs. Texture glitches, though, the floating island textures overlap on another and it looks ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Fix textures and add multiplayer. i have to say it looks like a beta game. They said the game was finished, yet it still looks like its in alpha. I do recommened this game becasue its really good and fun, but keep in min dthere are frame drops if you dont have a good graphics card or cpu"
,Recommended,266170,17059821,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ryanatorx,"Is this a Terraria clone? Yes. Does it do anything different? Also yes.I've played 36 hours of this game, most of which was progressing through the quests. I was overleveled and overgeared by the time I finished them, sure, but I never bothered much with making a neat skyship or building my own fortress. This game HAS a story, a distinct story that you are a character in. This makes it VERY different from other games in this genre, such as Starbound or Terraria. Starbound HAS a story, but it's a background story that has very little real affect on the game. Windforge has a story that drives the game forward.The grapling hook feels good, the combat is heavily based around dodging bullets, and you can tame and ride any of the beast enemies in the game.It's far from perfect, though. The AI isn't terribly bright. Most enemies can be beaten by closing a door before their bullets hit you, opening it to shoot, and closing it again. The final boss was a bit of a disappointment, but that may have been do to me being practically unkillable at that point. The leveling system is oddly implimented, requiring large sums of money in a Elder Scrolls training style of upgrading skills, or using dungeon drops to make potions. The game never really explains this, so you just have to figure it out. I wasted a bunch of my dungeon drops on health upgrades because I just didn't know. The airship combat is like the normal bullet-dodge combat, but if your ship loses it's balloon that can be it for you. Luckily, you very rarely have to actually use your ship to combat, and can normally board enemy vessels.Overall? It's still pretty good, despite it's flaws and bugs. 7/10 for not enough water."
76561198006866749,Recommended,266170,12661182,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,luke.wood01,Was following the development of this game from the start and.............Fantastic!!! The game I wanted all these years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198071471055,Recommended,266170,20302375,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sarindanvelor,fairly fun game never experienced any crashes/bugs personally but then again i never really tried fallowing the storyline i just kinda goofed off and attacked enemy airshipsp.s. the knife is the best tool you can use for mining
76561198071033208,Not Recommended,266170,20653034,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Deerlobe,I wish this game was good.But like many other games it just ended up in the boneyards of Early Access games
,Recommended,266170,9435567,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,nav,"meh.... a little disappointed, for a game that is completely released it is waaay too buggy. I definitely think Starboundor Edge of space will be much better. I am utterly dissapointed in this game and would like my money back.Edit: I will say however that the Dev's are very nice and aware of the bugs, so the game will be recieving patches, so we'll see what happens :)"
76561198101963252,Recommended,266170,21035385,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,-F00L-]V[eT@L-,Sky whales are coo
,Recommended,266170,26514076,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,123Nick,you can kill a sky whale and make its corpse ur new ship10/10
76561198138564405,Recommended,266170,13439515,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,RexRedd,it is cool
76561198010134705,Recommended,266170,14895959,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Selva,"Wow!Steampunk themed, Terraria style platformer with RPG elements (Yes actual, working NPCS!) and customisable airships!  No... customisable is not giving it enough credit.  The airships are buildable from scratch.  And, as if I haven't said enough about the airships, they actualy work.  You build them, then you fly them.Oh.  Unlike most 2D Minecraft types...  Gravity works."
76561198121500851,Not Recommended,266170,20138228,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,copley28,"dislike, two dimensions is challanging, building can be fun but challanging, too challanging... game can crash alot either by system or other problems... saves dont always work... got so frustrated i gave up and wish i had picked something else"
76561198068002363,Recommended,266170,15078859,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,The Banderbush,This game was really good. Dispite the bugs it was still fun.Don't drill use a knife!
,Not Recommended,266170,9613279,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Nox,"NOTE:  This review is old, and I haven't played the game in months.  It may have been updated since.There is a lot here that I like, however the game is intensely frustrating with some design choices that make it difficult to play.  The lack of multiplayer unfortunately resigns the title to being somewhat trivial.I will keep playing and modify this review as appropriate."
,Not Recommended,266170,14167040,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,kaeshiva,"WARNING - read the discussions forum before buying this game - a large quantity of players with a wide variety of video cards, operating systems, etc. are having issues where the game wont work -at all-, and no response from the Dev team.  Complete waste of money - game is non-functional and there is no support."
,Not Recommended,266170,26088921,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,a smooth Criminal,I can't play this game it's in an infant launching loop AAAAAAAAAAAAAA SO MAD
76561198155084520,Recommended,266170,30039775,Posted: 19 February,all,Mans Best freind,It Is Amazing you can build ships kill krakens/whales and overall the storyline is reilly good
76561197989449898,Recommended,266170,9435566,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,|OO| Ser Jorah,Oh wow! AWESOME!
76561198055490139,Recommended,266170,29469891,Posted: 24 January,all,Solaire,Noice
76561198055756611,Not Recommended,266170,25559837,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,miller713,maaaa its ok but not realy that fun
76561198092739401,Not Recommended,266170,25608724,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Whittie,the game is a riot of game brakeing glitchs
76561198025555471,Recommended,266170,14184642,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ghostlll1992,yes i do recommend this game but due to an exuse that all i see anyway but yes thanks to lazy devness  NOT FUNDS!!they the loving im sorry NOT loving dev's did not include multiplayer so yeah im a little peeved about that ♥♥♥♥ING IDIOTS!!!
76561198062895292,Not Recommended,266170,9424235,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Sir Jamy the Strangler,"this is a good idea, but it's terribly unpolished.it doesn't strive to exceed mediocrity.  that said, it's okay.  5 dollars maximum"
,Recommended,266170,26357310,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Spacegirl Roxy,Everything comes tumbling down
76561198080290002,Recommended,266170,29857400,Posted: 11 February,all,philcaudill,i have a lot of fun playing
76561198056488766,Recommended,266170,29813777,Posted: 9 February,all,Akita,Lots of fun!  Played through to the end.   Wish there was more!
76561198121118577,Recommended,266170,30397923,Posted: 8 March,all,low altitude assault transport,i like that you have to repair your ship when it crashes :)
,Recommended,266170,26470140,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,splashclaw,"worth every cent, this game is extremely fun!"
,Not Recommended,266170,26644920,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL,this game looked intresting however the lack of freedom and♥♥♥♥♥♥and repetetive tamples suck i wannted to see the golden leviathan the mammon kraken however im not patiant enough becouse the second tamples is just grossss
,Not Recommended,266170,23146762,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Imanukekaboom,"honestly, NOT A GREAT GAME.i was having so much fun, but i was so unprepared for METEORS!i died at least 6 times, and i got the game 20 minutes agoi wont delete it, because i think i will get better"
,Not Recommended,266170,29294327,Posted: 16 January,all,Dextro Dextrose | Krautistan,MehDon't buy the game.It's ded :(
76561198111438795,Not Recommended,266170,28322166,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,End Me,don't get this game the combat is so♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,266170,22918265,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,EariosRandomness,"All I have seen of this game when trying to play it is the menu and an unending loading screen.10/10 loading simulator, 0/10 sandbox game."
76561197974204516,Not Recommended,266170,23572521,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,[TGD:TÐ] Mr. Anderson,this game sucks
76561198294208950,Not Recommended,266170,34054251,Posted: 6 August,all,Big B0ss,Wouldn't launch properly
76561198025524091,Recommended,266170,9807540,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,thefallenwanderer,I bought this game on a whim because it was on sale and was not expecting a huge amount from. I have now logged a huge amount of time playing this game because it's just so dang fun! The developer has been hammering out updates to turn this game into a polished gem. Not to mention for a small development team they have really listened to the community and implemented as many ideas and improvements to the game as they could while maintaining the balance to the game.Granted there were some pretty annoying bugs when the game first released but they did not survive very long. And most of the people who have complained about bugs the loudest are the people who have done nothing to help the developer fix the bugs as in reporting bugs and sending in crash reports so that the developer can get them fixed. Because let's be honest people there are so many different ways to build a computer in so many different ways software can be configured not to mention different software that can conflict differently that no piece of software will ever be released that will not have some sort of bug of one kind or another.Overall I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a little world building as well as side scrolling adventures. I'm having a blast and probably will continue to for some time.
76561197990974298,Recommended,266170,9645826,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Kandor,"Alot of fun at the start, but gets stale with the lack of randomization in the world generation and the enemies spawning so close to you regularly. If you arent at a town then it will be trouble to do anything other than fight while on your ship.Lots of crafting and recipes to learn.Free roam is awesome and the lower half of the world is rediculusly dangerous but has the best metals and ship building supplies. Kraken are insane if they get to close or if they surprise you.The freedom to build your ship the way you want is very ice but still has some nasty limits. but that is going to be improved on i would assume.some more parts to move your ship (advanced parts i would say) something thats not a propeller.Idea: a ship based grappling hook/javelin to pull enemy ships closer. (That could be so much fun!!!!) also catching kraken and whales could be fun."
76561198061885694,Recommended,266170,9947496,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,SplinterBee,fun game! needs some polishing and some fixes here and there but its good. i just wish it told me how to craft turrets... 7.5/10
76561197990240426,Recommended,266170,9916123,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Dersh,"First the upfront answer, should you buy this game: Yes you should. At release it was a mess but since then the developer has remained committed to their product and hammered out most of the real larger issue show stopping bugs and greatly improved performance.The Positives.I really liked the core game-play of this game, I thought its concept is awesome, It's a lot of fun when the bugs and technical shortcomings do not get in the way.-Building and flying airships is fun, the concept of the game itself is fun.-The story is interesting.-Grappling hook action. Like grappling a dragon thing and riding around on it.-Lots of different armor, items, block and resource types, recipes to craft things, and weapons.-Mining resources, especially from the sky whales flying around in the environment.-Air combat is fun and satisfying, especially using artillery turrets on your foes.-Boss battles.-Hazards are fun. Meteorites in the upper layers, Acid rain in the lower areas. I would say the poison gas of the lower areas but that has a huge performance hit associated with it.-Ground combat is also pretty fun.The Negatives (starting with the most prominent to minor irritations).-Garbage performance of 5-10 fps in the cloudy (trade route) region, and all of the lower poisonous gas regions where the fog effect is used. Making combat in these areas very difficult and as such a poor gaming experience.-Crash to Desktop, general freezing (happens every 2-3 hours roughly)Crashes have been greatly reduced with patches.-Poor save game system. On release there was no date and time listed on saved games, there still isn't at the moment, however theyare now listed in order of date modified.-Enemy spawn rate is can be annoying.To the point where its hard to get anything done, like mining.They often spawn just off screen.-Forget building a base or an outpost. There is no way to designate safe areas outside of towns. Technically you could build a base, but enemies will continue to spawn inside it and wreak havoc.-No anchor/harpoon system. Airship constantly sinks regardless of how light or buoyant it is(Only on screen now, offscreen it stays put).Often you come back and your airship has sunk either out of reach, or fallen out the bottom of the current map into the next.Since the last update: Your airship is anchor (frozen) off screen, and when at port in a town.-Repairs can be tedious, most of your time managing structural integrity. During the beginning of the game this isn’t an issue because the lower tier materials take no time to repair but once you make it to latter in game with better materials with more hp, repair becomes a very tedious task and to make things worse there is only one repair tool rather than multiple tiers like all the other tools have. In combination with the enemy spawn rates, even with the best materials repairing is a huge chore.-Zoom in-game can be annoying, there is no actual ability to zoom in or out at will through something like the mouse scroll wheel, it all depends on how far away from your character the cursor is. The farther out you zoom, the greater the impact to performance, especially in any of the fog areas.-Some of the physics are glitchy and annoying. Like being killed by your own airships hull when standing it it after a creature pushing on the outside has caused it to jump wildly up or downwards a huge amount.this has been mostly if not completely fixed with patches.My current verdict on the game is 7.5/10 (considering its an indie game with a lower budget and fair price)-Game-play core: good-very good-Graphics: average-Sound Quality: good-Art Style: good-Performance: Good. Still has issues but the bugs now are fairly minor. Could have benefited greatly by early access and larger base of Quality and Assurance Testers.What would my score be without the performance issues and bugs? Around a 7.5-8/10I thinkwithout the performance issues and bugsyou would really enjoy this game.My System (Understanding performance in terms of hardware):CPU: I7 4960x 3.6 ghz hex coreRam: 16 GB Adata DDR 3 PC-19200HD (game also installed on besides OS) Adata SX900 256GB SSDGPU: EVGA 580GTX (performance in review with new 337.50 beta, and non-beta 335.23 drivers)OS: Windows 8.1 64bit"
76561197990855491,Recommended,266170,9904494,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Kurraak,"Its actually a pretty good game!  Yeah sure it needs some polishing, etc but aside from that its quite enjoyable.  I dont regret getting it."
76561197986812069,Recommended,266170,9463272,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Zel0t,It's fun until your save file gets whiped.
,Recommended,266170,9691006,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,OpCrystal,"9/10 This title was acually something I bought just on a whim, it reminded me a bit of starbound so I thought I'd give it a try. 40+ hours later I am still highly enjoying this game, it is still pretty buggy but there hasn't been too many issues. The only main issue I had was where my entire save file somhow wiped clean, in most games I probably would have shelved it there, but I actually found myself enjoying playing it though a second time, this time actually knowing what I'm doing.Just the fact that you can build any ship you want, out of anything you want, however you want, and do whatever you want with that ship is really the part that sells me. Do you want to build a ship specifically meant to ram into enemy ships, board the enemy ship and slaughter it's crew? Well then do it. Do you want to build a mining ship, flying by sky islands, grinding up the land as you go by? I'm not stopping you. Do you want to be a sky pirate flying around killing ship crews and stripping the ship for parts? I think you get it.The storyline is actually rather good, but I feel it just needs a bit more flavor. The storyline is pretty original and exiting, but its very linear at the moment, there is very little background story and all the npc's just say the same 10 ish flavor text over and over again. Also, without spoiling anything, the story ends rather abruptly and without very much closure, whether this was intentional to stir the imagination and/or leave room for expansion I don't know, but I suppose time will tell. Also the character progression seems a bit weird to me, there wasn't any guidelines as to the gear you should have at a certain point in time. For example when you a quest that tells you to go to the lower atmosphere, there isn't anything that tells you that you need to get a gas mask/ hazard suit, and there isn't a terribly simple way to get said items.Stats are also a little strange as well, there are only two ways to upgrade your stats, buying them from skyrim-esque trainers, or using elixers which you can craft using materials found in the end of every dungeon. There isn't any passive way to level your skills by using them, which I assume was intended, but is a little strange.The last point I would have to make is that this game is actually fairly early in development, and as a result the amount of content isn't astronomical, there is no multiplayer, the number of enemy ships types is fairly limited, and from what I hear the game isn't 100% optimised. I have noticed very little lag myself, but my computer is high end in terms of performence, so I can't comment too well in that regard.Overall I would recommend getting this game if this genre catches your fancy, very enjoyable."
76561197967876248,Recommended,266170,9460542,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Alexsrt10,This game is awsome! love airships
76561198101360669,Recommended,266170,9444643,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Sarnak III,"Edited 02/17/2015:After an extensive amount of time logged in this game, and conversations with peers, I can say that the game does work.The art, at first looks really nice, but you quickly realize how much deatail is lost with how far out the PoV is. This angle helps with being able to see the action as it happens, but their is very little veriation in the zoom.I can also say that the frame rate is poor to average, droping sharply in many plot-critical locations.Speaking of the plot, for much of the game it takes a back seat (if not stuffing itself into the trunk). While the charecter sets out with the noble goal of saving the world and socity as the world knows it, there is so little support by the in-game cast that one can forget the names of most characters, or that they even exist untill one has a quest to go talk to them. There are also so few quests that one can exsaust the side quests in an hour, and I will say that out of a 70+ hour play through, less than 6 hours were actual questing, of any kind at all. as such, one quickly devolves from an archeologist reaserching forbiden parts of the past and re-discovering world alering technolagy into an air pirate, plundering other ships to get the money for training, ammo, and other supplies, as well as ship components.Another complaint, their is no good dry-dock avalable. In-town, there's just not a lot of space to work with, and out of town, one has to deal with wildlife and other ships while trying to build.That said, I do enjoy game play. Being able to design, construct, and fly my own armed airship. I enjoy flying around, hunting down pieces of the past, trying to save the world. I love the effort that was put into this game. I love that onw has the freedom to go wherever and do whatever in this game. I even started a second play through to try and get the good toys earlier.I just still feel... I want to say disapointed, when I play this game. It feels like it could have become so much more, and for one reason or another, fell flat. It hurts even more when you can see how hard Snowed In tried on this. Its clear how much they wanted to do, and were unable to.But what is here is a joy to play. It is an example of how a game can explore a world with a compleatly different makeup than our own, and even a wonder of its genre. I would strongly recomend it, even with all its flaws.My Final Verdict: 5/10"
,Recommended,266170,16397187,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Stickboybob,"Tried to land at the port for the first time, crashed into the dock, blew out my engines, plummeted down to next area onto another ship which, though crippled, promptly blew me out of the sky, crash landed on a flying mountain, got lost in a cave, leapt off of the mountain onto a bandit ship, commandeered it, flew back to port, crashed into the dock, died on impact.All of the requests for  more stuff, more ships, more enemies, more quests, multiplay are totally valid. but only because this game is that much worth expanding. i could play this forever if there was a steady steam of content like terreria.i havent had that raw, incredible feeling of an epic unscripted event from a 2d game in longer than i can remember. escaping exploding spike filled temple only to find theres a dragon inside your getaway vehicle, and crashing a homemade airship into a whales face and then turning said whale into a new airship, are among the many ridiculous kinds of trouble you can get yourself into.so far the only cons ive found are that everythings too far away, the controls take a minute to adapt to, no minimap, and theres not enough developer updates anymore (though they did just add mod support so hopefully that will take off).11/10 would learn to park but its less fun that way."
76561197970384883,Recommended,266170,16081647,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,FHDA,"its a bit laggy and has long loading, but its an awesome game. 73%"
,Recommended,266170,15424484,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,The Raven,"This game is a great concept, the only problem is how it can lag you to death sometimes. The guns and gameplay are interesting, but difficult."
76561198047594042,Recommended,266170,15978435,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,lolman445,Playing this game is an amazing experience. I don't see the reason why people see this as a ripoff of terraria
76561197984526793,Not Recommended,266170,15802738,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,sum1confused,"In the earlier releases this game worked fine with no lag, later on the framerate just dies no matter what I do, it's not my specs and I've tried all the fixes google has found for me.  The game is fairly unplayable which is a shame as I rellay enjoyed it at first.  Quite ticked off as now I have an unplayable pile of rubbish."
,Not Recommended,266170,18368073,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,vvrockerdox,"granted, i couldn't stomach it after 40 minutes so take this for what it is, 40 minutes* quirky physics combined with too much jumpy jumpy* strange hit testing and animations for bullets (hits that pass through, hard to tell if you hit,...)* odd attempt at blocks which are 2D isometric visually* poor timings on autosave, what?some may like but for me i couldn't take the physics of jumpy jumpy... seems like the speed and distance characteristics are off (feel like you are moving too fast, jump distance based on speed doesn't make sense, ...)"
,Not Recommended,266170,18699388,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,lunaticFortune,"I really wish I could recommend this game. Even if it takes some time to get used to its peculiarities, like the odd ¾ side view, wonky physics bugs that make corpses or even entire ships dart off at missile-like speeds, and sometimes-questionable AI, it's still fun once you adapt, if you're one who enjoys 2D dig-em-up type games.So, why can't I give it the old thumbs up? Well, it's not finished.Don't get me wrong, it is feature complete, for the most part – the main questline is functional and the game itself is “winnable”, but there are still bugs and crashes for the player base, and no consensus on their frequency. To top it off, the game seems more or less dead in the water, if not abandoned. While it was actively being worked on, the developers were involved with the forums here, but it seems either they've been tied up with other projects or moved on to greener pastures – neither of which give a good impression.Windforge is certainly an interesting take on 2D builder platforming, but in its current state, I can't justify a purchase in good faith."
,Recommended,266170,11759901,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Torchbite,"WARNING: THIS IS A REVIEW COMPLETELY BASED ON IT'S CURRENT STATE, PROS AND CONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.I would recommend this game to anyone with the taste of being able to commandeer said made machines and roam an open world map full of quests, sidequests and lots of hidden secrets...PROS:-Beautiful music, fits all the different scenarios, like an intense battle with other privateers or arriving at a mysterious temple shrouded with fog and mystery-The crafting is impressive, and it takes EFFORT (not like the ""effort"" of recent video games with this sense of genre)and dedication to complete tasks, as such making said item for a NPC and such, and not to leave out the immense size of the crafting variety. And lastly a neat little tab system where different types of items would fit into, making the list of craftables a lot less intimidating.-The UI overall is great, if not a little under-res, the colours are fitting and it looks like a UI that had time put in it.-The stat system is great, it's compiled of agility, vitality, strength and wisdom and another couple. but the reason it's so good is that it is just that. a little bar that has a couple of milestones that come with awesome perks.-Lastly, the story system. I love it! it is very gripping and i enjoyed every encounter with a fellow NPC, and the idea of the game's origin and story is compelling and not seen elsewhere.CONS:-The MAJOR thing i wanted to point out is the performance coding. it is absolutely horrible; there i am, chugging along in my airship untill i hit a town, and during my visit my fps (averaging at 120fps) drops to about 15 and shoots back up as soon as i leave the VICINITY of any town. and this thing crashes at least 2 times on one of my average sessions.-The low resolution of the UI is a definite thorn on the rose. Get that tuned up.-The combat system lacks and feels very slow, whenever i'm in a gun fight the projectiles move so slowly i imagine i'm the guy from the matrix and i pretend to duck and jump over them... and the damage of both myself and the enemy (the humans that is) are just making it look like we were fighting with nerf guns-The crafting can be a bit intimidating if one takes a glance, and can sometimes be a bit TOO much effort, because either it's just me or the game because my greatest challenge so far is finding sand to make a glass bottle.-You should only be able to repair in a close proximity.Thanks for reading my review and i hope you all enjoy the game if you buy it now, but if you wait keep this game in the watch list, because it has great potential and its gonna have multiplayer! :) Have fun!"
,Recommended,266170,11927715,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Street Preacher,"Amazing game.  So very fun.  I got so much fun out of this game. I cannot wait for the next title from these devs..  I felt  so good about this title that I had to send an email to the developers thanking them for making it.Not only did it help me though a tough time, but it was a good story as well.   Fun engaging gameplay (think terraria + original bionic commando), creative and immersive storyline, and fun open world."
,Recommended,266170,12183004,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Greenfish,"Dove out of an exploding airship, landed on a skywhale. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,266170,11309817,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Bullet_Butler,"Game has been completely unplayable. Too many bugs at this time, have like an hour of time invested, all starting new game and 10 seconds in it crashes, over and over and over again. No fixes from developer, patches were useless. Looks like a fun game, but I wouldnt know."
76561198065323835,Recommended,266170,14998611,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,marr14,i wish this had coop it would make it even more fun
76561198109753973,Recommended,266170,14628127,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Mr.coolaid100,i love  the game but it dosent work i played it on my friends and it worked perfict but like i said it dosent work on my pc for some reson
76561198038952950,Recommended,266170,14231540,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Greger,"Recommended if you like Terraria-style games.The game has a nice story and setting, and it's awesome to be able to build an actual moving vehicle!And while I noticed some of the regular complaints, namely:- movement acceleration- unintuitive stash and crafting menu- 2.5D making it difficult to properly place and destroy specific blocksI did not find them that problematic. You get used to the movement acceleration, you soon figure out the stash and crafting, and destroying a few extra blocks and having to replace misplaced ones are not that big of a hassle.The game is a bit short, however, and you advance through to different tiers of materials quite quickly, but if you find it at a sale it could be worth buying.Hopefully they will have some success with this game and make a sequel with a longer story, more kinds of materials, weapons and enemies."
76561198215776944,Recommended,266170,21397403,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Nerdy Anarchist,"Out of all the games of this sidescrolling genre started popping up everywhere. From Starbound, signs of life, to Craft the World, and Terraria. This is the most unique and under estimated. This game when actually given a chance, really is fun. Being able to build a giant flying fortress is fun. Like Starbound this game follows a story and has missions. Tho it's not as apparent in Starbound, this one is. Honestly I love having the direction. The content and mechanics of this game make it a lot of fun. Having a grappling hook adds to the game in a very good way. There isn't really a solid ground persay, everything is floating islands with vicious pirates and creatures. I love it and I wouldn't want them to change the main mechanics of the game at all. It's inexpensive with a lot of longevity and creativity. Worthy of anyone's time who enjoys the genre.. I'm a very picky gamer, but this one is possibly the best of the genre."
,Recommended,266170,21383100,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Krado [QC],"Game is fun but as many said, it feel unfinished.  It is still a fun game with a interesting gameplay, so if you can get over the occasionnal glitch (nothing gamebreaking at least), I would reccomend getting it while it's on sale.As for the play value, you get a good amount of time our of it, and it is enjoyable for the most part.  I really liked boarding ennemy ships ;)  It is not a very hard if you learn to use the game mecanics to your advantage, but can still offer some mesure of challenge.I would really like to see a update that would finetune the game into a finished project.  Adding more gameplay would be a bonus."
,Recommended,266170,29782656,Posted: 8 February,all,Stille'fir Solae,"Alright, where do I start? First off, ever since i watched Avatar, the movie with the large blue creature tribe, I've always been fascinated with floating islands, always loved the concept, this game fulfills that fascination better than i imagined, the controls are great except for having to get used to the character sliding a little when changing direction at full speed, which is a bit more realistic than a certain other game that allows you to stop instantly when moving at over 50 mph on foot, and i do very much enjoy the graphics. Overall, the progression system is excellent as no material is ever scoffed at throughout the game, ie copper is used in wiring, iron for steel, etc.. Just a fantastic game in my opinion."
,Recommended,266170,22224477,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,RazzleDazzleDorito,an insanely fun game very well made very deep i hope the flush the world out more or maybe make more maps 9/10
76561198139482015,Recommended,266170,22034472,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Wata,"First of all, 10/10! Its very Fun and I almost cant stop playing it. However, through my story in the World, I cam apon some things. Well, Fire, is waaaayyyyy to Op. Second, for those who say the Bosses are Impossible without Ship Cannons, is a Lie. I killed the one in Temple of Vision with a Shotgun, and Some noobie Armor, the Secert is to 'DODGE'. Most Importantly, I fully recommend this game to those who can Dodge + Aim Right + Meh.P.S. : Dont [Beep] with the Whales without fast mobility."
76561198088672701,Recommended,266170,15143300,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Protodip,"Despite the mixed reviews (c'mon people, Terraria and Starbound aren't the only great 2D exploration games out there), I found this game to be both fun and aesthetically pleasing.  The excellent music and original setting were two of the best features that sold this to me.  The slightly clunky movement is easily overshadowed by the hilariously fun airship travel and combat system.  The procedural world of floating isles and the navigation system is also amazing.  If you are a fan of the steampunk genre, you will love this unique game.  Too bad it's only single-player (for now)."
,Recommended,266170,13990858,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Teirdalin,"Game could have been good, but unfortunately it suffers from a lack of any real development.   Not sure if devs died or something; but this game has been unfinished for a long time now and nothing is being fixed.Edit:Looking back over my review of this game, I think I really shouldn't un-recommend this game just due to that.   Infact I do recommend this game,  it's got some rediculously fun shinanigans that can happen in it.   The only major downsides are that the physics are a bit wonky, the bosses suffer from horrible AI at times and are all pretty much the same, and the majority of the universe feels-  boring.   If you want to simply pull off silly stunts all the time or make a rediculous atrocity of physics, then go ahead and play the game, if you expect an entertaining story-line and polished gameplay,  I suggest trying it, seeing how it makes you feel, and then probably playing something else."
76561198118046489,Recommended,266170,16262776,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,HoboGod,"A fun little game, pick it up on sale, don't buy it at full price.The perspective is a bit wonky, as you can see from the screenshots, it's at an angle, which can make building somewhat tedious."
76561197977820099,Recommended,266170,17560716,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Lizzard,"After playing this game a bit more since my initial review of it,. I had to go back and revisit some details. Let me get the bad out of the way first, since that seems to be a game-breaker for many:The game is dated - Not in the Atari 2600 kind of way, but in the sense that hardware and drivers and operating systems, have surpassed the game’s initial launch state. While other games get regular updates to keep abreast of these changes, Windforge has fallen by the wayside and, as a result, has become unstable and unplayable for many.Camera angle - It’s a confusing perspective, to say the least. It’s a 2d game platform, with a forced 3d view that simply doesn’t work for most situations. Mining is especially tough when you need to aim at certain areas, but simply can’t find the right angle.“Breakability” - Many areas have not been fleshed out in the game and can be easily broken. NPCs can drop off the face of the Earth… literally. Dockmasters, vendors, etc. can be crushed by ships, or sucked into engines and turned to a pink mist forever. Needless to say, each murdered NPC makes the game that much more unplayable.Direction - The story is rather well thought out, but there are gaps that leave you wondering where to go, or what to do. There are no reminders or clues, just a brief mention by an NPC and you’re off… somewhere… for something.I think those are the 4 main areas people have issues with. So let me tell you why you should get this game, despite that!It has… “charm” - Many aspects seem to date back to “simpler times”. Some of those issues people don’t like are actually part of its uniqueness in the genre; NPCs can be brutalized, the game can be broken and you can essentially “fail” the main mission. Physics can be quirky and casual situations while travelling can be downright comedic at times. And you can make stone ships fly….Chemistry - The story, graphics, movement and mechanics all work together flawlessly, to give a very satisfying experience at times.Open World - Even if it is by accident, the game has a very open-ended play style. You can explore any ruin. You can visit any town. You can talk to any vendor. You’re rarely limited by arbitrary boundaries. But… the flipside of this also adds to the issues with its direction.Now, a word of warning - This game has been admitted to no longer being actively developed. It’s been in that state for over a year now. This, however, does not take away from it’s appeal.You see, there were these things back in the day, call cartridges, that were sold in stores. There was no Internet. There were no updates. There was no DLC. There were no patches. There was no going back to fix mistakes. Developers had an “as is” policy towards making their games. What’s more, is that many of these games would cost $50 - $70 apiece.Now, take a game like this, or others on Steam that are “dead”. This game may be “dead”, but it’s as complete as games were back in the 80’s and 90’s and, unlike games back then, this only costs $10.So if you can get past compatibility issues, this game is definitely worth the price tag, or the amount of enjoyment you’ll receive."
76561198282021822,Recommended,266170,35032074,Posted: 17 September,all,AwesomeSauce55,"I really enjoy this game alot, all it needs is more content and I do wish when you kill a whale it whould float since it has all of the blubber, once you would mine up a little too much blubber and if you dont have anything attached to help keep it afloat, it would fall down. I also wish that there was more indepth tutorials, becuase it just tells you how to craft 2 things in the tutorial and how to control and repair your ship and a few of the basics but other than that it just throws you out there and says GL. I also wish there was a multiplayer so I could play online. But other than that it's a completly awesome game, I highly recommend getting it. ;D"
76561198028989010,Recommended,266170,34848276,Posted: 9 September,all,FireStillPlayz,"Great story, although the game itself needs work. I could see this working in a big multiplayer setting, but your always alone"
,Recommended,266170,29752737,Posted: 6 February,all,☭Bepis☭,"i really like the game the only issue i have with it is the view  and the devs left it to die, id like to think theyd come backbut i cant see that happening.but you have a grappling hook so its ok...............right."
