user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198000785358,Not Recommended,266130,14599458,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TheCombatWombat,"Solid little tactical strategy game.That said, gets repetitive FAST and, in my opinion, in no way justifies the price tag. Pick up on discount only.Also, if you're a completionist, don't pick up AT ALL. There are some achievements that are ridiculously grindy, requiring hundreds of hours of gameplay from a game with like 20 hours game MAX."
,Recommended,266130,9589577,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,novocain,"If you, like me, are a fan of the genre (tactical turn-based squad strategy games) then this is definitely a gem!Similar games: SWAT 2, Jagged Alliance, XCom-series, Deadline, Door Kickers, Arma TacticsHowever! In comparison to most of them, this game lacks alot of complexity, depth, the missions in this game are quite small. It is rather a small game focused on the encounters, plan your attack and execute it.The tutorial was very easy to understand, the game interface is simple and intuitive.The sheer amount of equipment available makes it interesting to replay missions, being able to try new tactics to finish them.Graphics are quite nice.Sound/music is good.Character customization feels adequate.Good weapon customizations.I understand that the game is converted from mobile, which seems like a good job, however some more hotkeys would be lovely.(Check my profile for screenshots)Reminds me in a good way of classics like SWAT 2.Finally someone who is able to revive the genre! This game coupled with Door Kickers are the only hope left."
76561198140257724,Recommended,266130,20790838,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mimer,"Recommended, but only if you really like the genre - turn based tactical. I do like the game, and I will probably get 10-20 hours of gameplay out of it, but I can already spot some problems.- Poor weapon variety. There's lots of AR-15 and M4 varieties, with similar stats, but no AK-47 (despite that you can play as spetznaz) or weapons of other origin than US/west Europe.- Poor gear variety. With a few exceptions, you can add something that adds a single value. For almost the same price, you can get a bonus of 5, 10 or 15. Why would anyone ever buy the +5 gear?- Poor mission variety. 35 SMALL maps. 3 different missions on each (hunt, defuse, extraction).- Bland AI. Nothing surprising about it's moves.- No sidearms, no magazine count, no reloads.- Poor use of grenades. If you want to use a flashbang, then use it on turn 1 and move into the room on turn 2. There's no way to tell your squad to wait until after the detonation before they move in. Which leads to the next point...- Poor ways to coordinate your movements. You can't tell op 1 to wait until op 2 arrives and then move together, unless you wait a full round. Which might hurt your score.- Poor damage model. Everyone always fight to the death. Injuries have no negative effect, armor only adds HP.None of this is game-breaking, but my impression is that they should have added more features and more complexity to the game, and definitely bigger/more maps. At the 15 euro pricetag, I recon you get your moneys' worth but only if you are really itching for this type of game."
,Recommended,266130,12197506,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mister Maf,"Breach & Clear is an interesting marriage of Frozen Synapse's hybrid turn-based/real-time style of tactics gameplay with XCOM: Enemy Unknown’s customizable class-based soldiers and carefully-constructed mission levels, then given a Counter-Strike terrorists-vs.-special-forces makeover - right down to the almighty flashbang grenade.Upon first starting up the game, the player will be greeted by a series of screens to set up their first squad.  They can choose from a variety of different special forces outfits from around the world, from the American Navy SEALS to the German Kommando Spezialkräfte, among others.The player can choose the faces, names, and soldier classes for each member of their 4-man squad.  Each of the six classes has a unique role to play with their special abilities and passive traits, and having to choose which to bring and which to forego should be carefully considered, as it will significantly affect how you approach different situations from that point on.Every mission starts by selecting which entry points to place the soldiers at before they storm the room, or otherwise enter the combat area.  Enemies inside rooms that have no open doors cannot be seen (conversely, every enemy in an outdoor area can be seen), meaning you will sometimes be storming a building blind.  As such, the player has to carefully survey the map layout, note cover near to every door, and account for every angle an enemy might be waiting at before breaching the entrance.  Sometimes it might even be favorable to split your team into two groups of two as opposed to keeping all four together.At the start of each turn, the player will issue orders to all four of their soldiers during a “planning phase” - where to move (and along what path - an option XCOM sorely neglected), what direction to face, what inventory equipment or special abilities to use.  When everything is set, all four men will simultaneously execute your orders in real-time during an “action phase”, as will the enemies act.  Some of the enemies’ actions are proactive, and some are reactionary - especially in response to any grenades you throw.  This is unlike Frozen Synapse, where the enemy soldiers will follow their turn’s orders to a T regardless of what yours do.This also leads to an important interesting factor introduced in Breach & Clear that XCOM notably fails to consider: noise.  Guns are loud, and if you hear a bunch going off in the next room, most militiamen would go check out what’s going on.  Every gun you give your soldiers and some modifications you can apply to said guns have a “noise” trait which affects how loud the weapon is.  The louder the guns in your squad, the more likely an unseen enemy in another room will come and investigate.  This can lead to some real “Oh shi-” panic moments if your men are caught flanked or out of cover when this happens, especially in areas with many closed doors and little cover - such as the living quarters on a cargo ship.  To account for this, the player must carefully position their soldiers to cover the squad’s flanks at all times, or trade in some lethality for low-profile, silenced guns.There is a half cover/full cover system similar to the one in XCOM: different objects in the environment will either provide moderate or significant protection to the soldier behind it, depending on the object’s size.  There is one notable difference to XCOM’s implementation, especially on the higher difficulties: barring sniper rifles, soldiers shooting at each other from cover to cover will often have a very hard time actually scoring hits.  This forces the player to use all of the tools at their disposal to outmaneuver the enemy and gain flanking shots, rather than simply relying on a boosted aim stat.  This really strengthens the tactical depth of an otherwise relatively simple set of mechanics, which is great - it makes the fundamentals easy to grasp, but achieving victory is a very deliberate process that rewards planning and smart execution.The soldier progression and customization system adds that XCOM-like personal attachment to your men.  As the player completes missions, they will unlock items for your men to use.  These items range from weapons and attachments to body armor and helmets to cosmetic-only elements like camouflage and sunglasses.  Each man can also be kitted out with two inventory items - typically a grenade of some kind or a medkit, or a revival defibrillator if your squad lacks a medic.Completing missions will also earn each soldier XP.  As they level up, they will unlock new class-specific passive bonuses and, eventually, a powerful special ability that can only be used once per mission (for example, a Fireteam Leader can provide a “morale boost” that grants a large stat bonus to the entire squad for one turn).Leveling up soldiers also allows the player to choose what stats to upgrade on a given soldier, whether it be how fast they can acquire targets, how far they can run in a turn, the effectiveness of their class bonus, etc.  This lets the player choose whether they want to make a squad of jacks-of-all-trades, or to specialize their soldiers to excel at certain things at the expense of others.  For example, Breachers (the grenade-tossing class that often leads the charge) might find specializing in health and target acquisition useful so that he can more effectively fight as he crosses open ground.With the variety of mission environments offered by the game’s numerous mini-campaigns, collecting a range of gear - sniper rifles, machine guns, loud and silenced weapons, fast-but-light and slow-but-sturdy body armor, etc. - is important to maintaining a flexible force, especially considering that every level can be played in three different scenarios with varying levels of enemy numbers and emphasis on speed.  Overall, the persistent soldier system and surprising amount of content offers a considerable amount of gameplay for such a small title.Despite all these features, Breach & Clear is not without its flaws.  The relative simplicity of the movement system compared to the one in Frozen Synapse - mainly the lack of an option to tell a soldier to wait a couple seconds before moving - can sometimes make synchronizing your soldiers’ actions difficult.  This is especially noticeable when attempting to follow a flashbang grenade into a room; it won’t stun your own soldiers, but it will give the enemy a moment to pepper your men with bullets as they enter before the grenade goes off.Additionally (and this was an enormous gripe that I had with XCOM: Enemy Unknown, too), all the voiceovers are in a standard American English dialect, regardless of which international commando outfit your soldiers belong to.  Not only, but the vast majority of weapons in the game are ones used by the United States and Canada, despite the wide international breadth of options for the men themselves.  This can likely be attributed to the game originally launching with only American and Canadian task groups, with the others being added only later.  Given the size of the team making the game (spoiler alert: it’s pretty small), this is somewhat understandable, but it's still disappointing that I can't arm my Spetsnaz team with the latest Kalash AK-12s and have them bark responses in their native tongue - or at least in a cheesy Russian accent.These blemishes, however, are relatively minor stumbles on what is, at its core, a very satisfying experience.  While the soldier progression system isn't quite as fleshed out as XCOM's, and the unit movement system not quite as intricate as Frozen Synapse's, the two fused together with the game’s own handful of unique features make a very fun and surprisingly deep tactics game that is both easy to pick up and complex to conquer.  For only $15, I would consider Breach & Clear worth checking out for any fan of tactics or small-scale strategy."
76561198044840179,Not Recommended,266130,32055681,Posted: 29 May,all,TCopel,"The first two campaigns are promising however after this the game quickly loses sight of it's own purpose. It pretty much devolves into Call of Duty with hordes of enemies tossed at your team killing any tactical aspect the game has to offer. Before I played all the way through the second campaign I planned to give this game a great review that criticized only a few basic things such as the clunky UI, occasional botched animation, and the in game market system (which frankly makes no sense considering the context of this game but whatever). But that all comes second to the game forgetting it's own identity approximately two hours in.However considering I bought it for two dollars I think this is a fine product. I however never pay full price for this."
76561197986370677,Not Recommended,266130,15918755,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Hyenaz,"2 out of 6 stars. Not recommended.The game just feels unfinished. It seems to have had a few good ideas that never got implemented or got abandoned later. It lacks a lot of essential features of a tactical combat game and some features (breaching charges, flashbangs, no reloading weapons) are implemented in a very sloppy, bad and pointless manner. The game is also short, missions lack variety.Overall the game feels rushed, sloppy and incomplete. I had to check back the store page to make sure its not an early access alpha game. This game had potential, but I'm very disappoint that the devs released it in its current state.If you want a tactical close combat game, go play good old SWAT3 or ""Door Kickers"" which is available on steam and a much better game on the same topic.For a more in-depth review, check the pros and cons list.Cons:- Worst of all, you cannot coordinate and time the moves of your squad mates with one another. You can forget about simultaneous entry into a room from two doors. You can forget about a SWAT-style ""throw in flashbang and then whole squad moves in once it goes off"". This is a real game killer which makes the game lose a lot of tactical depth.- The above point also makes a few weapons (like said flashbangs) useless. You will be using frag grenades 99% of the time. Things like door wedges that were vital in a game like SWAT3 when used properly? You have these here, but the maps are so small and simple and the action so fast and so straightforward that you will never really have a need to use them.The game has a lot of guns, but most of them are unbalanced or useless.- Short and repetitive. There are just 7 maps (Afghanistan, Turkey, China, Germany, Mexico, Russia, Colombia) and 5 missions in each, which gives 35 missions in total. It sounds like a lot, but it is not. Each mission takes just around 05.-3 minutes to beat. These are really very simple missions, forget about complex missions like SWAT3 had. There is also a bomb-difusal mode and a ""evacuate your squad from the site"" more, which sadly take place on the same mission maps as the regular mode.The maps are also uninspired and feel bland, no real mission briefing worth mentioning. No memorable locations.  I think only the china map feels any novel and that's because it takes place on a freighter. The maps just feel laz and unfinished, though the graphics are often pretty ok for a tactical game.- AI is forgettable. I have not seen it do anything outlandishly stupid, but it is static, lazy and fails to ever surprise anyone.- No snake camera or anything of this sort. Most of the time you just need to go into a room and ""spray&pray"".- No CS gas. The game has an option to buy gasmasks for the squad, but its decorative only. Seems like a feature the devs decided to abandon.- No formations. No prone stances, no crouching etc.- No hostage rescue missions.- No arrests or wounds. Opfor will always fight to the death.- No secondary handguns for your team. You just have your main assault rifle and that's that.- While weapons have a rate of fire, they do not have a magazine size and there are no reloads. Very unrealistic and sloppy. Again, this just makes the game feel very rushed.- The cover system (while it has a very clear and good UI) is very hit and miss as far as gameplay goes. Example: I have a wall behind my back, nothing in front between me and my opponent, but the game treats me as being in hard cover because of that wall BEHIND my back.- There are several SF units to choose from, including spetsnaz. But sadly these do not have accurate gearfor the most part and spetsnaz comes with no Russian weapons whatsoever (despite AI opfor sometimes using russian weapons). So yeah, again feels sloppy and unfinished.- Breaching charges are very poorly implemented, you can only use them on the initial entry door at the start of the mission, not for doors withing the buildings. Same with lockpicks, just usable on main door. That is just absurd.Pros:- I like the ""plan moves than have a few seconds go in real time"" mechanic. The game itself is played in turns. You plan your moves, then the actual action occurs which takes several seconds of real time. Then the action pauses, you can again plan moves, then the action real time segment continues etc.This allows for tactics, while the actual turn being played in real time does depict the chaos and ""split second"" nature of close quarters combat.- The whole option of customizing your weapon right down to scopes, grips etc is fun, but again feels unfinished."
,Recommended,266130,32910228,Posted: 27 June,all,The Emperor,"Breach isn't worth more then 2$ due to the limited content, and the gameplay is kinda repetitive, when it comes down to it, buy it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,266130,34594726,Posted: 29 August,all,TzaM,XCOM: Rainbow Six.
,Not Recommended,266130,9589857,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,MotherAce[NO],"As with all iOS games sold to the PC, the lack of actual complexity becomes a glaring issue quick. For what its worth, the game couldn't have been named more aptly. Its a good breach and clear simulator, but has barely any game worth mentioning outside of it. Which is a pity, for the combat is fun and functional, without ever feeling too micromanaging which is often a problem with turn based squad tactics.If devs would actually take a game like this, and flesh it out with an actual economy, politics, base-management, an overall objective or even an open-world perhaps. Basically anything resembling a game outside of the combat simulator, this would actually become a quite good. As with pretty much all games you can play with your thumb on a tablet, this is a waste for PC. Do not buy at full price."
,Recommended,266130,12634178,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Super Sand Lesbian,"10's across the board.I have to say I wasn't too sure about this game, it looked interesting but it seemed like I would get bored with it pretty quickly, I even considered pirating it first, but then bought it on impulse and omg was it worth it.It is so much fun, stacking up and breaching rooms honestly never gets old. If you're like me and are an avid Arma player, Tactical Shooter and Strategy Fan, this game is right down your alley. It reminds me a lot of the old Police Quest: SWAT games. I hope to see a Breach and Clear 2 someday with the ability to Rope down from a ceiling or helicopter, use a seperate sniper team as support, as well as the ability to use chagres on walls, and also stack up multiple times during a mission. That being said I still love this game and see a lot of potential for future titles.PS. The music is fantastic."
,Recommended,266130,9590188,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,More_Badass,"I write these impressions as someone who's played the game on IOS and now a little on PC. Perhaps the closest analog to Breach & Clear would be Frozen Synapse's asynchronous turn-based tactical combat, with a dash of XCOM's classes and SOCOM's aesthetic.Each mission places you in control of a small squad (each country has a small perk, i.e. SEALS have faster reactions). Your team consists of different classes, each with special abilities. For example the medic can heal a soldier or heal himself, the Fireteam Leader can draw all enemy fire to him, the Weapons Sergent can lay down suppressing fire, Intelligence can jam doors. As you level up, your troops unlock new abilities. Your weapons are equally customizable, from optics to grips to gas systems. Limited use gear like flash bangs and snake cams provide more strategic options.Gameplay wise, Breach and Clear is all about the tactics. Place waypoints, aim line of sights, move to cover, cover your angles. Since enemy placement is randomized, you can never rely on one tactic for each level, instead always playing smart and considering how best to approach a room without leaving a blind spot that could bite you in the ♥♥♥. Don't do that, don't plan well, and your men will die. Your missions will take you across the globe, from Afghanistan and Russia to China and Germany, from simply taking down enemies to defusing bombs and reaching extraction points. Each requires you to play a bit different. The tactics to breaching a room is different than setting up to defend an area while defusing an explosive or moving to the extraction area.While Frozen Synapse is certainly more complex, I actually prefer the realistic special ops aesthetic and the laser focus on close quarters combat and breaching compared to FS's sci-fi virtual style. And this isn't some crappy port either. The game runs silky smooth, the controls feel great, and the visuals have definitely gotten a nice upgrade. Setting up waypoints and firing angles feels even better with a mouse than touchscreen.Visually it's not Crysis or Battlefield, but neither was Frozen Synapse. And Breach & Clear makes up for its visuals with cool little touches such as your troopers realistically leaning around cover to fireI'd definitely recommend Breach & Clear if you enjoy tactical gameplay with a realistic edge.Edit: PC additions include new weapons and maps, improved visuals, a permadeath setting, and probably some other stuff I'm not aware ofWill update the review once I've played more, tried out permadeath"
76561198091211466,Not Recommended,266130,13312124,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Dragonxan,"Not bad, but it feels so unfinished, it pegs itself out to be a military training tool during the games intro sequence and it isn't, it's an unfinished game. Don't buy the DLC either, it sucks in every possible way, unless you like having green blobs and red blobs moving about a blue screen.The gameplay is entertaining enough, you can set field of view and there is a bit of a tactical element but you can't prioratize targets, you can't tell your men to throw a grenade then move in after it goes off (leading to several instances where one man has thrown a grenade and the other instead of waiting then moving has charged in and blown himself up) and you can't use any form of snake camera to peak through doors.Purchasing weapons is stupid. first you complete missions in the fastest time possible to unlock the 4 star rating, then you need several thousand £££ to buy the gun and the accessories like scope, suppresor, light ect. with the most expensive accessory being superior to the others in every way leading you to wonder why they included the possiblity you'd buy one of the ♥♥♥♥♥ier ones.The stats for the guns vary wildly, with the FN P90 being far far less accurate than a shotgun which is more accurate than the first few assault rifles you unlock and the TAR21 being as accurate as a sniper rifle.The AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and comes in one variety, so long as you set your field of view to point at them, even on the hardest difficulty, you will win relativley easily.The levels begin to all feel the same and use the same level design for all three modes of play. this is only broken up by the fact a harder difficulty means more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemies and enemy placement is slighlty random (you play the same level more than oce and you know there will be 2 enemies in that room somewhere but are they stood near the coffee table or that bookcase 4ft away) There are enough levels that this isn't a problem though.The tips that appear during loading screens sometimes seem to refer to elements of the game that don't even exist, stating their is a ranger training mode that all teams can participate in when thier isn't. When it doesn't gives these tips it provides out of date or incorrect ""facts"" about the military groups you  can play as.And to top it all off this game is no longer being developed so all these problems will remain, have fun getting used to them."
,Not Recommended,266130,13300071,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MacKaris,"First and foremost, I got this game for like 3,74€ or whatever, and for that price it's right on the mark. The normal price of 15€, however, is way, way out there for a product like this. That's why the thumb down.The female voice in the opening sequence is talking about how this is ""the most advanced tactical simulator which revolutionised the world of urban combat and is used throughout the world for training puposes in various military forces"" etc. Well that's just utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, like claiming Paranormal Activity is actually composed of real life footage. I would describe this piece of software as a ""silly little game"", rather than a tactical simulator, and if this is ""most advanced"" I really wouldn't want to see what the less advanced versions look like.Basically you have a team of four dudes (why is it always four? the SAS apparently assaulted the Iranian Embassy in London with some 30 soldiers, against six terrorists. The Russian military assaulted the Moscow theatre in 2002 with some 200 men if I remember correctly...), who you will use to clear rooms of enemies in scenarios which last about 2-15min of real time, and some 7-40 seconds of game time (talk about blitzkrieg! :D) There aren't any terribly complicated tactics or techniques involved, you can tell your men to walk from waypoint to waypoint, stay still, or throw a flashbang or a granade. Firing at enemies is automatic. You give commands to your men simultaneously while the game is paused, and then press OK and the gametime advances by some 5 seconds or so, during which you have no control over what happens. After the 5 secs it's another order-giving turn in pausemode, and so on. There is no command to wait for two seconds and go, which means that when you're about to assault a room you either throw in a flashbang first and wait until the next turn to go in, by which time the effect of the band has already worn away. Or, you can charge in right away with another soldier while another man is deploying the bang, which means that the guy assaulting the room has already dispatched all the baddies and maybe taken some damage himself by the time the flashbang goes off.Completing the missions give you experience which improves your soldiers, and money which you can use to buy new gear and weapons. Some of the gear is strictly cosmetic, and has no impact on gameplay, such as sunglasses or uniforms in funny camos. For some reason one of the bulletproof vests is by far the best, with a +145 bonus to health (or something like that), while all the others have something like +20 bonus to health. And the superarmour is not even the most expensive one, and it has no drawbacks... :D and yeah, in the true videogame fashion, the soldiers have a simple numerical value of health, which means that it doesn't matter how much lead they eat during a mission, if they finish with at least 1 health left they are ok in the next mission. Incredibly advanced and realistic.So yeah, all in all, it's a casual little tactics game, with hardly any real substance and very little flavour or immersion. Maybe the devs made the opening video first, and actually intended to make a realistic tactics simulator, but once they had the graphics somewhat ready they just thought ""f*ck it, anyone fancy a pint? Just wrap it up and publish it on Steam."" I'm glad I only paid that four Euros for it."
76561198032599146,Not Recommended,266130,31760632,Posted: 14 May,all,Black Handcraft,"I really really really wanted to enjoy this game and for the first five or so hours I really did.I never play games of this 'top down' style but this game stood out to me so much and it was fun while it lasted, but it didn't last very long.Pros-The game has a really good set of missions.There is a great character variety with full customisation over about 4/5 squads (based off real teams such as SAS and SEALS) including individualised stats for each character.There is an in game market to purchase gear/weapons/attachments/UAVs etc which is purchased through in game currency.The gameplay mechanics are easy to grasp and each mission can be carried out differently dependant on your weapon and stats selection.The game has a kind of personal feel to it, there's no real story line but each character (maybe due to the customisation) feels real, if one goes down it impacts you massively in the field.Cons (here we go) -The game is too short, I completed the set missions in almost no time at all.There's no massive replay ability factor in the game, there's plenty of items to buy from the marketplace but once the game is done you don't need them.No map variety, there's maybe 3 or 4 different game modes but they all use the same maps.Honestly if it's in the sale then I'd say give it a shot but maybe look at something else for the full price. Don't get me wrong I did enjoy this, it just didn't last long enough."
,Recommended,266130,32060229,Posted: 30 May,all,Aberration parametricism,"Enjoyable, easy, fast.Now at 90% sale.Pretty simple, but still fun to play tactic game for couple of evenings."
,Recommended,266130,29026606,Posted: 4 January,all,Raven800,"It's not bad, but it's not the best Strategy Game I've played.Graphics and animations are acceptable, nothing too fancy. Gameplay and mechanics are easy to pick up with a ""straight to the point"" tutorial that teaches you what you need to know for first time players, and the experience and customization systems are fairly decent.How does the game play?It's a ""Pre-Planning"" style strategy game that's broken up into ""Phases"", Similar UFO or Frozen Synopsy. Simply put, you start each Phase by giving your soldiers orders, either to move from one location to another, deploy a grenade or equipment, etc. Once you have a pre-planned set of actions and routes set, you hit the ""Breach"" or ""Exicute"" button to watch it play it. It's a fairly basic system and it works fairly well, but the only problem I find with it is that the game's intro boasts about how this is supposedly a ""Realistic Tactics Simulator"" but if your soldiers are suddenly engaged by a new threat, rather than react accordingly or like in UFO halt their last action and pause for you to give them a new order to finish their phase, they just continue to follow the path set out for them. so if you give a soldier or soldiers to breach and clear a room and there's a wall of enemies on the other side waiting, your soldiers are going to continue walking into the hailstorm of bullets and taking hits instead of doing the more ""realistic"" thing and withdrawing back to cover.Aside from that though, it's a decent game. Would I recommend it? Sure, I can definely say that if you like turn based tactic games, give it a try. Personally I think another game like ""Door Kickers"" is a bit more ""realistic"" in terms of CQC Tactics, but this game is decent enough on its own.Overall Personal rating: Fair/Average. Nothing Too special about it, but can't find much bad about it either."
,Not Recommended,266130,30842833,Posted: 30 March,all,SenorBeef,"Simplistic gameplay from a mobile port. If you like the concept, get doorkickers where it's done better."
,Not Recommended,266130,22579406,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,The Wizard,"This game tries to come across serious, but when you play it, it tries to be playful and funny. The game's intro tries to tell you that it could be used for special forces to practice their tactics but has an unlock system which allows you to unlock gold plated weapons that do more damage than the non-gold ones.The interface doesn't feel great and you can't string complex tactics together; for example you can't throw a flashbang and have the team wait for the flashbang to go off before moving.I also didn't have fun playing this game; I found it more frustrating than anything. I had a lot more fun playing 'Door Kickers'."
,Recommended,266130,17418203,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,AndGeo ~ChuChu~,"""Yes"", because there is no ""I don't know"".Breach and Clear is a tactical, turn based, isometric... I dunno, shooter? Can you put this into the strategy category? Who knows, let's go with thing. So it's a tactical turn based isometric thing, yeah got a nice ring to it. Now when going into the game I have to tell you, unless you are as excited about the prospect of breaking doors and killing people as I was, which pretty much sums up the game by the way, you won't be impressed. Graphics are... dated, soundtrack-- well I would comment on it by I was listening to my own music while playing so I really don't remember, I am sure it was alright. The options menu also was lack luster, it sure wouldn't impress TB much. But enough from the technical side of things, honestly there is not much to say about it anyway as you might have noticed.In B&C you start off by forming a squad, you can choose between one of 7 types of special forces from all around the world, and when I say all around the world I mean half of them are from the US/Canada. Anyway, you pick your special forces and create your teammates, each one of them can have different specialities like Breacher, Fireteam Leader etc. Note, that, depending on your type of Special Forces the stats of your soldiers will change.I have to say that when I started the game it was really fun, it felt quite cool to get your team through a mission, though I suppose that they weren't all too challenging in the first place. The game feels tactical, and as you progress through the missions the better your soldiers and your equipment gets, which allows for a different approach while breaching.But here is where the problem of this game lies, it's easy as hell, at least on normal difficulty with perma death. Why? I hear you ask, well first off, perma death doesn't mean anything since you can quit the mission if your soldier died, and oh hello, here he is again. But more importantly, the progression system of B&C is flawed, the higher the level of a solder, the stronger he gets, makes sense right? Think again, since a single mid to high level soldier could probably clear out levels alone without too much trouble. Another criticism I have is that I didn't care much about the soldiers, when I played XCOM: Enemy Unknown and a soldier died, I was devastated, maybe if perma death would work I wouldn't have that issue, but as it stands I do. Not that this is game breaking but it was something I felt was missing.So, what is my conclussion? Well, like I said, I don't know. This is a solid game that can be fun, however I think it got weaker as it went on especially since the two, secondary modes B&C has, Bomb Defusal and escape plan felt kinda boring compared to terrorist hunt(the ""kill everyone"" mode). Did I enjoy my time with Breach and Clear? Yeah, most of it at least. Is it a great tactical experience? Meh...TL;DRGraphics: DatedSound: Ok? No idea, wasn't listening.Options Menu: That don't impressa me much.Gameplay: Solid and simple gameplay, easy to graps. Good fun....Flaws: ....at first, then your soldiers get OP and it gets boring.Notes: Probably a good idea to turn down the volume a bit. Shots are loud.Verdict: Buy it onsale. Then you'll get your money's worth for sure.Price: 14,99€Devs: Mighty Rabbit Studios ,	Gun.Publishers: Gambitious Digital Entertainment, Devolver Digital, GambitiousFOLLOW MEEEEH:https://twitter.com/AndGeoGames@AndGeoGames"
76561197978826785,Not Recommended,266130,31831003,Posted: 18 May,all,Darkslide,"This is in no regard ""realistic"".The UI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ a lot of the things that you would expect from a game proclaiming to be ""A training tool for special forces"" are simply not an option in this.If the marketing for this would be honest then I would've never purchased it.The Intro alone is hilarious enough to soothe some of the regret of me spending money on this ""simulation game""Just buy Doorkickers"
,Recommended,266130,32076788,Posted: 30 May,all,Swift,This game is more than what you would expect. First off there are dozens of maps with 3 gamemodes for each one. All of the guns have a significant amount of customizability and they are unlockedat a really nice rate. This game is also great for playing in a short amount of time because each of the at least a hundred missions are 2-5 minutes in length. There is also a custom squad function implemented whih lets you customize each of the 4 soldiers in the squad from there name to their outfit. Overall Breach & Clear is an amazing top down scenario game.
76561198075849015,Recommended,266130,20670267,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,wespe___o=/;;;:*,"80/100Quite some value for the Money! Great!Sale-price is a Steal..>> scroll down for level-up guide and PRO/CON <<Some PRO´s:-first hours are already really fun-7 Campaigns (->35missions and 3 gamemodes)-6 different Classes (Breacher, Scout, FireteamLeader,... up to Medic)-2.5D isometric mix between Counterstrike and Rainbow Six-Casual SWAT teamplay, and therefore fun, because it´s not overcomplicated and you don´t loose if a teammember gets shot down ;)-There is even a Permadeath Mode-After first 3 Campaigns it gets harder-High Replay-Value-""Elite"" difficulty adds pepper, since enemies now camp you from behind door-corners^^-For the Boss Achievement you have to clear the map within 1 round ..good luck °_°-another Achievement needs you to take ZERO dmg during a level..haha.. takes a bita few CONs:-Trade/Upgrade-menu could be more comfortable^^-some minor UI shortcomings-some more sounds/ambience would be nice-some Weapons aren´t worth it.. others are OP when tuned- ..that´s it already ;)----------For Beginners, I put together some helpful adviceBasically you can eighter play a highly armored force and play tactical..or forget about armor and superb hitpoint-buffer.. and just RUSH aka Breach&Clear ;D>> scroll down for heavy-armored ""Crush&Kill"" Team -> very good for ""Bomb Defusal""-maps <<How to level up a ""Rush Team"":""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""Rush Team means.. be fast.. kill fast.. don´t get hit muchIf you follow these instructions you can beat many maps in 3turns or lessTactics:-make use of all(!) Entry Points (A/B/ ..sometimes even C/D)-don´t waste a turn to use ""slow"" Special moves unless really necessary (some of the first levels)-try to use cover whenever possible-click on your orange way and define additional waypoints and where to look at(!)Classes (I found those the most useful):-Breacher (only class that can throw genade and run/shot in the same(!) turn)-Intelligence (reveals enemies nearby^^)-Fireteam Leader (gives buff)-Weapons Sergeant (Suppression fire)--> best bet is to get one of each!!Stats:-first levels go for max Evasion (100/100)-next stat is Accuracy-..now it´s up to your choiceGear:-get the MBSS vest to walk faster(!)-use a Skullcap/Balaclava to get even more speedConsumables:-always have 2 Defibrillators ready on stock in case you have to revive a teammate(!)Weapons:-..forget Shotguns and Sniperrifles, go for many bullets (and many headshots^^)-first levels: go for Block II (and spec it with all adds, incl. ShortSuppressors)-around lvl 10: go for MK18 Mod1 (without Suppressors)-around Lvl 15/16 it´s time for additional weapons like CTAR 21 (all adds, incl Long Supressors)-just buy the best equipment of its class (no need to waste money- you need it)-switch weapons depending on mission or just go with MK18 Mod1 all the wayyou should have 150+ Stars by now.. and a quick (low noise) Rush Team(!).. enjoy the game ;D----------EDIT: For those of you loving Direct Action aka DukeNukem: the ""Crush&Kill"" Team***Warning: This team is really superb (to not use the word OP), but the playstyle might rob you of much fun with other more ""tactical"" Squads !!!***How to level up a ""Crush&Kill""-Team (aka ""Team PWNAGE"") :""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""-start off with russian ""Spetsnaz"" (bonus on Reaction/Hitpoints)-I suggest creating this as second team (change active SQUAD by clicking that team and click ""make activate squad"" button-that way you should have enough starting money and weaponry from the old Squad-use Block II if you start off, otherwise M18Mod1 or CTAR (+60accuracy bonus)-Reaction/HP 65 is enough-now raise accuracy to 100-next stat is evasion to max..Gear + Weapon:-get your hands on Spear RBA Vest (+175HP) and counter the speedloss a good bit with a Balaclava-PDW Sub Machine Gun (+adds: Optic/lights/GasSystem) --> now you have the most imbalanced weapon of the game, sending litterally 100bullets each round!!! (ROF 0.01 - just lol)Congratz, If you´re not doing totally stupid things you´re halfway to godhood.. each of your guys can take out 3-4 enemies alone(!) each round and compared to modded M18Mod1 (ROF 0.23) slightly faster resulting in getting hit less!This Team is VERY strong in ""Bomb Defusal"" (since enemies try to overrun your position when defusing) and ofc any other close(!)/middle range fighting. Enjoy. Enemies drop like flies now..----------->I´m very happy with the buy ;DEDIT: bought Frozen Synapse DLC - which is also great(!) - big levels and many(!) enemiesonly Drawback: it´s only 1 campaign (5missions)"
,Recommended,266130,32194271,Posted: 5 June,all,Chris Kyle,Good game to kill time with. Wait until it's on sale though.
76561198120632907,Recommended,266130,30232392,Posted: 27 February,all,Bob & Weave,"Breach & ClearPros:+ Nifty Gear+ Loads Of Maps+ Three Game Modes: Terrorist Hunt, Bomb Defusal, Escape Plan+ Has a smooth flow to the game.Cons:- Gets Old- Never was a huge fan of the top down or turn-based style in general.ReviewI have mixed feelings about this game. Breach & Clear is a tactical, top down, turn-based game which you take control of a four squad team. You buy their guns and all the attachments for their guns and the uniforms for them. You actually get really attached to your squad. Seeing them start out with all the same gun, all the guys had almost all the same skills and nothing really separates them from each other, and you are only able to win on easy. After sometime you are then able to buy each of them their own type of gun and special attachments to fit their style. Seeing them grow as a soldier and grow as a squad. It really hurts when one of them get shot down when your on permadeath mode. The game does get old once you have almost all the best gear and it kind of feels like grinding. If you are into these types of games I suggest buying it on sale.This was Curated for PC Beta Gaming if you would like to follow us the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/PC-BetaG#curationOnce we have a 100 followers on our group there will be a game giveaway, but only the followers have a chance to win.If you liked this review please give it a thumbs up. If you disliked the review leave comment and tell me why. Thank you for reading my review. If you would like to see more of my reviews the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120632907/recommended/?p=1"
,Recommended,266130,23450429,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MrMartenzo,"I really recommend this game, especially for the sale price. It is alot of fun and im not even done with it I just had to make a review for it as it is alot of fun. If you enjoy xcom, but you don't really like the aliens this is the game for you.You choose your squad type from a selection of real squads and you make 4 characters which you can choose different types for like Medic,Breacher,Fireteam leader, etc. and there are 3 gamemodes but my personal favourite is ""Terroris Hunt"" where you have to breach into a building and clear all the enemy's. This game has leveling for your troops and when they level you get to allocate points to stats and also at some certain levels you can unlock abilities for your troops.The loadout customisation is also very good as you go through missions and earn money that you can spend in the maketplace and buy item's like helmets,vest and weapons, as for weapons you can also but addons for weapons like silencers, sights, flashlights and more that all add stats to your chatacter.This game is definately alot of fun and especially for the sale price I really recommend that you get it. And if you do. enjoy :)"
,Recommended,266130,32841327,Posted: 26 June,all,GuiltyMutant,A pretty fun game that is a PC port of a mobile game.It is a bit on the expensive side so i would wait till its on sale first however if you enjoy strategy games you will enjoy this game too.It has a sur[rising amount of depth when it comes to the strategy and you have to take every move carefully or you risk losing your unit to a enemy.Even on easy one wrong move can be fatal and it becomes even more hazardous when you realize that the game features one of my personal favorite mechanics in strategy games.....permadeath.
,Recommended,266130,28024306,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[ACPL] Jon,"A solid tactical game, just overpriced by default. Good timekiller.Pros:+ it's fun, that's most important+ nice graphics & good sound design+ a lot of gun & operator customization+ operators gaining experience+ plenty of cool scenarios+ for 2-5 euros a really good value for moneyCons:- regular price is IMO a bad joke- can't change controls- few small errors"
76561198030952206,Not Recommended,266130,9917092,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,rolld,"If this game was in open alpha, I would surely have given it thumbs up. It features a plausible game mechanics, dated but nice  graphics; the missions are fast-paced and action-loaded. However, as with many games that try to avoid micro-management, the developers seemed to forget at times that the game is intended to be played by a human being. There is a ton of interface constraints which I cannot help but call stupid, like being able to throw grenades only at the beginning of the turn, excluding any movement for that soldier, or being unable to command soldiers to wait for a specific number of seconds to ensure simultaneous action. Another issue is balance. To name just one example, the UAV is like a legit cheat which shows all position and movements of all enemies throughout the mission, even inside buildings, which renders the recon class absolutely pointless.But the most glaring disadvantage is the lack of tactical possibilities. I mean, in a tactical strategy, where are the smoke grenades? Where are those nifty hi-tech gadgets like motion scanners? They would be a lot more fun to use than the aforementioned UAV. The scarcity of the tools offered to the player quickly makes the missions monotonous - Breach & Clear, Rinse & Repeat - making the game suitable to kill off half an hour from time to time, but not more.These are all correctable flaws, and it's a pity that the developers released Breach & Clear too quickly, without testing not only stability but also playability. The should have invested more effort into their product."
76561197989465423,Recommended,266130,13959686,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TakaK_JPN,"I've barely got my hands on the game, but absolutely love it so far. I found this game really suits me for cuople of reasons.One is that it's not overly complicated. You can easily learn and master the controls and fundamental gameplay in minutes after the tutorial. Each missions are not too long, just enough for my rather short concentration. Now, that does not mean this game is shallow. It will give you quite a bit of options you can take, as well as tactical challenges you will need to work around.Second is the Stats/Gear system. You can build your own squad with operators with different class, stats, and gear. Since there are 6 classes and only 4 operators can be in a single squad, you will need to adjust your strategy depending on what kind of operator is available.The third is the overall ""tacticoolness"". If you are firearms/military enthusiast, you will probably appeciriate this game. Most of gears and wepons dipicted in game is realistic, as well as appropriate. Authentic weapons and tactical gears from manufacturers such as Surefire, LaRue, First Spear, LBT, etc... are availble at your operators disposal and you can kit up your team of real-life global warfighters, ranging from 75th Ranger Reg., German KSK, Canadian JTF2, Russian Spetznaz, and everyones favorite, SEAL/DEVGRU. You can outfit Army SOF with BALCS and DCU, give the seals JPC and Airframe helmets. Sadly there are not too many variations at the moment. I hope the devs add more choice of weapons and gears.Some ways, this game really reminds me of Medal of Honor: Warfighter. Gameplay aside, you can feel that the creators of both gmaes defnitely put a lot of effort into military authenticity. However, the gameplay is enjoyable, but ordinally and really not outstanding.Overall, I reccomend this game to anyone looking for casual tactical game and like guns and operators operating operationally."
,Recommended,266130,12958808,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,OldSpiceland,"Breach & Clear is the kind of game that is easy to learn, but takes some serious skill to master. While you will spend a lot of time staring at the different locations to put your limited team, once you end the turn and the action starts it's over in a flash. Getting sub 15 second clear times on multiple room levels is one of the fuzziest feelings I've gotten playing a turn based game and the game does a good job of trying to teach you the idea of efficiency of movement.If you, like me, grew up playing the OLD Rainbow Six games, then this will feel very familiar, as you plan out the movements of your team every turn and then they rush to execute that plan. Play with Permadeath on, it adds an element of stress in the later levels when there's some very hard to handle corner and hall combinations that the enemy will easily take advantage of even on the easier AI settings. Great game, 9/10."
76561197967643963,Recommended,266130,25489661,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,K. Penney,"B&C is alot like XCom, a bit like Frozen Synapse, a bunch of squad based loadout marketplace and RPG elements and fairly quick missions. There is quite a bit of customization for your weapons, gear giving buffs and negatives to stats. The game also features a lot of real world high-end small arms.There is currently about dozen different level sets, all with unique tilesets and progressively varying terrain and baddies. several different difficulty settings, a lot of replay value I've also found thus far.Mission rewards are dependent on performance, basic indicators. Hardcore & Softcore character deaths are avialable- Die forever or just for the mission depending on how you want your squad to be.Several country SF are avialable for squad creation (more then one squad avialable at a time), each seem to get their countries rifle/basic eqp. of choice in the beginning, which is good attention to detail.If you really liked the core combat system of Xcom, and can for-go all the base building as well as Sci-Fi elements and go for just character customization and being in the current era. I do also recommend it if it goes on sale and any one likes a good RPG-TurnBased-SquadCombat game."
,Recommended,266130,22397372,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,鸭duck,"interesting game,worth buying when it's under 3$.will provide you with joy of 'bout 8hrs."
76561198049553521,Not Recommended,266130,13221402,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,BelayMyA$$,"this is a great game, for about the first couple hours; then quickly becomes a repetitive chore to grind through missions to unlock new weapons and gear, and even then after you unlock everything, theres nothing left to do besides play through levels with overly repetive mechanics. the developers promised to proivide steady updates to and improvements to the gaem as well as listen to community response for new ideas to implement, yet with nearly every idea shutdown or ""already in the works"", and month since a developers has responded to a comment, nothing has progressed besides a poorly implemented Spetnaz squad using incorrect weapons and a silly look to them. the developers dont care enough to continue to improve upon their game by adding new ideas and listening to the community, instead they seemed to just want to cash in on lofty goals that they never planned to meet."
76561198043997600,Not Recommended,266130,35117155,Posted: 21 September,all,zaysaki,"Door Kickers does the same thing, but better"
76561198093896037,Not Recommended,266130,9607137,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,sls7124,"Game content is not sufficient enough for any more than a few buks.  If it's on sale for 3-5 buck, I might pick it up.  It's not a bad game, but just seems like it's at the mobile level of play rather than PC.  Needs more content IMO."
,Recommended,266130,25736691,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,LootBadger,Grab this on sale if you can. Kept me entertained for a few fun hours but probably won't come back to it.If it's on sale grab it!
76561198060389126,Recommended,266130,19559285,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Giant Flying Sheep,"A simulator for strategicians. Maybe not the most strategy-heavy strategic game on the market, but with quick turn-based bouts of gunfire, micromanagement, and squad customization, Breach & Clear brings Special Operations squad control to an interesting and dynamic level."
,Not Recommended,266130,24156165,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Yoho_RU,"Pros:+ game process looks like fun+ acceptable visuals+ soldiers' customizations+ team customiztion+ variety of tactics+ Ctrl+Z!Contras:– Pre-cmbat interface– Combat Interface– Team abilities interface– Combat cameraNo, seriously! Interface looks like a direct port from mobile, without a single paradigm adapted to PC mouse and keyboard (except Ctrl+Z, that is): no RMB, camera rotates at fixed angles only, you can't edit given orders (you can only cancel them one by one starting with the last one), you give orders and you select soldirers with the same click (you can do it accidentally) etc...Interface is a real fun killer here. I battle with interface more than I battle with enemy.I would have recommended this game if not for its interface.Can't recommend it on PC, sorry."
76561198107563435,Recommended,266130,35144039,Posted: 22 September,all,swordmou10,Got it on sale for $1.69. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,266130,31328680,Posted: 23 April,all,Star SpekleZ,"Ok... Breach and Clear. First of all, is it worth $15? NO. NOT AT ALL. DO. NOT. PAY. FULL. PRICE. Get it on sale for like $5. The gameplay is good the gameplay is fun. There is alot of customization, but get it on sale."
,Recommended,266130,29494018,Posted: 25 January,all,M16Joe,I love this game if you haven't played a tactical strategy before this is a great start. Best to buy on sale for like 2 dollars makes it well worth the price.
76561198254486802,Recommended,266130,26757591,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Polski_Sentinal_,"This game is amazing. I first got it and became bored of it and hid from it for a couple years but now i absolutely love it. All it's about is tactically nuetralizing enemies, and not one second of it is bland or boring. 11/10"
,Not Recommended,266130,29757319,Posted: 7 February,all,I can't believe I'm not butter,"Clunky, underwhelming, feature-lacking interface that just makes me want to play Doorkickers again. There's no means to make soldiers wait to synchronise movements, you can't have them wait at a door before opening it, etc.Glad I only paid $1.50 for it, but it'll be worth it if it keeps someone else from wasting their money. Just go play Doorkickers."
,Recommended,266130,26100857,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Weeb Lad,"Positive:-Weapon variations, from PDW to sniper rifle-Character & weapon customization (it's not that great, but it's something)-3 different scenario to choose: Hunt, Bomb defusal & EscapeNegative:-Too much grind to get end-game golden weapons-Infinite ammo (devs too lazy to add reload mechanic/animation?)7/10 It's OK"
,Recommended,266130,26759928,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BlueOrange,"This is really quite good.  It rewards thinking, and just when you think you've got it under control, the difficulty spikes, and you have to reconsider what you were doing.I'd really like to be able to use the middle mouse button to drag the map around instead of the left; I'm constantly setting waypoints in places where I don't want to go.  An ability to change the order that your team uses for the inital breach would also be good - the only way I could find to stop my medic being first through the door was to create a whole new squad :(Annoyances aside, this is a less-stressful version of Doorkickers, with a reduced character count, which makes setting up your team just the way you like it more satisfying.  It's effectively turn based (plan 5 seconds, watch 5 seconds, repeat), and I find having a fixed duration turn more enjoyable than hovering my thumb over the space bar wondering whether I need to change plans or not.  The full price is fair, and on sale it's a great buy."
76561198014704153,Recommended,266130,20801306,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,WolfauraRose,"This a turn based tactical combat simulator.It gets repetitive and boring rather quickly. Get your 4 soldiers to clear out an area as quick as possible for the highest score.Your team is limited you can't switch around different classes in your team, you have to make a new team if you want to have play other classes. When you start the game you have to make a team right away, you can't change game options or anything else first.It's an ok game,  lacking depth. Good value though for 75% off, wouldn't pay full price for this game. It's very simplistic and easy to play a rather casual game. Worth getting on special as it's fun for a bit.6/10 ok."
,Recommended,266130,32051026,Posted: 29 May,all,Zeren,"It's pretty fun, but doesn't have a ton of replay value unless you are really into getting 4 stars on every level."
,Recommended,266130,13775672,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,riffscreamer,I never thought I'd be this into a game that is essentially a mobile game port. But I love it!Great game especially for fans of high speed low drag tactical ninjas.
,Not Recommended,266130,13273174,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,David,"Bearing in mind that I bought this game hoping it would be like XCOM...This game's novelty wears off quickly. There are a limited number of maps and the player's missteps can be corrected by repeating the stage. This turns the game into nothing more than an achievement grind once you've learned the maps.PROs:It is very satisfying to enter a room blind and clear everyone in it in one turn. This is done by way of choosing a path for each member to take as well as controlling the areas where they are to look.When your team members level up you can increase their stats. These stats can increase things like the distance moved, accuracy, speed of acquisition, as well as class based skills.CONs:Limited number of maps and enemy placement turns this game into rote memorization.Quickly boring.Neither PRO or CON:Rogue-like in that some equipment became available only after a certain number of stars are achieved. Said stars are awarded based on mission success rating: 1-5."
76561197970329460,Recommended,266130,9601045,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Aeneas2020,"Let's make this clear right away this is an IOS port. I played the game on the iphone and loved it and I still love it here. Is it the prettiest game ever? no. Is it the deepest game ever? no. What B&C does very well is simulate quick tactical battles which can be tackled in 5-10 mins with great aplomb. The campaign has been extent to several include several countries (each of which have 4-5 missions) and the wealth of customization options for your squads is embarassingly vast. Buy this game for what it is, a fun, fast paced, tactical romp with great customization. Don't come in expecting something with the depth of XCOM and you will love it. Hell even if you do come in expecting something that deep just love it for it's charm!8/10"
,Recommended,266130,9598281,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,WelshDrag0n,"A modern take on old style rainbow six/swat, having played door kickers (thats good too) this game right now feels better to play and smoother a solid tactical strategy game that you'll wanna keep playing to improve on completion times."
,Recommended,266130,21799585,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,DarK_St3alth,"Rank:7/10Recommendation(s):Be interested in tactics, understand you will be playing a turn based game.Major Theme:Fairly standard, easy, turn based, top down military shooter.Bought at Price:$4.25 (Steam Sale)I'm not really sure what to say with this review. It's going to be a lot shorter than my other ones.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=545858118Being able to fully describe the game in 4 words says a lot about the game. There's nothing special here, nothing to demand your attention, nothing to make this title a ""must play"".If you are interested in tactics, and have at least some understanding and knowledge of Canada's JTF2, UK's SAS, or even the US Army Rangers, you will enjoy this game. The gameplay is quite short, 5 hours seems ok. I personally couldn't see myself getting past 10 or more hours.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=544296411Once you have decided that this game is for you, you will find it rather simple and lacking at the same time. Within my 5 hours, I've unlocked every mission from hostage to escape plan. Certainly the variations on gamemodes are nice to see, but the maps feel plain, small, and uninteresting. The maps could have done with more dynamic elements besides having doors that open and close.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=544296374Speaking of which, the equipment is also quite lacking. Even though you can play as Russia's Spetnaz, you for some reason can't buy AK-47 rifles? I found that the rifles JTF2 have are quite good, and anything besides them don't really change anything. Sure there are sniper rifles and what not, but besides 2 missions I found myself not using them. Skills and classes seem to become more irrelevant further into the game you get.The UI is slightly different then what you see in the store screenshots, but all in all, the game is average."
76561198022187243,Recommended,266130,21262646,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Voodoo,Fun tactical shooter with lots of customization options.
,Recommended,266130,20956325,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Slavic Orange,"My elite SAS team made of veterans with specialized counter-terrorism and military training can't throw the flashbang at the wall so it bounces right at the enemy.11/10 buy it, but only on sale."
,Recommended,266130,29644520,Posted: 2 February,all,S4R1N,"Only cost $2 and at the time of writing already have over 2 hours played.Worth the money? ABSOLUTELYWould it be worth $20, prooobably not, it's a mobile port.  At least has WASD for the camera and a few PC graphical features, it is optimized perfectly well.  But it definitely feels clunky, not quite as in depth as Frozen Synapse but it's at least military so I dig that.The customisation is pretty average, lots of options that are very similar to each other, a bit surprised they didn't let loose and add heaps of models/skins/weapons for the PC version, hopefully there's mods out there that fix that.Good fun and feels incredibly satisfying when you pull off a perfect breach and clear without taking a hit.  Good game to pick up for the work PC or if you're travelling or even just bored on your main rig and want something a bit different."
,Recommended,266130,29492258,Posted: 25 January,all,Alphatherius Wolf,"Best turn-by-turn game I ever played. You are in another level of concentration when you play this game/simulator (not to realistic but gives an idea on how hard it can be), you are always looking for a way to kill the most enemies while keeping your soldiers out of harm, all, in one turn... This game is something else...Actually pretty easy to get used to the controls and understanding all that you can do (if you play the tutorial also...)Really nice graphics and a nice 3D, the top and in-perspective view are really well made.A nice difficulty on all levels, many types of teams to chose (JTF2, Navy Seals, SAS, etc), a nice variety of weapons, clothing, attachements, etc.3 game modes to satisfy everyone (Terrorist Hunt, Bomb defusal, Escape plan)I would recommand this game to anyone that like shooting games but is a bit tired of FPS in general. I would also recommand this to people that like ''Commander'' kind of games. I would not reommand this to people that dont understand weapons much (Like for the RoF, Dmg, Noise, etc), these factors directly influence how the mission will go, so be carefull...Recommandations: Take the JTF2 team to start, they have great stats for beginners, and later, maybe make another team with another type of background (yes, you can have many teams but not playing them at the same time)"
,Recommended,266130,28109839,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sinking Tinnies,"First of all let me say, I wouldn't pay the full price for this game.. But if you're a fan of turn-based tactical strategy games & it is on sale, this game is a must buy. I'd probably describe this game as a stripped down version of X-COM. Instead of killing aliens around the globe, you are put in ""raid"" type scenarios against terrorists. Unlike X-COM though, there is no real story, you just complete missions & earn a number of stars depending on your performance. As you gain stars you unlock more levels, gear, etc. You earn silver each time you complete a mission, which you can use to to buy the new gear. You can make more than one squad & you can chose what Branch they are, such as SAS, SEALs & Rangers, etc. You're men level up allowing you to allocate points to certain attributes & they gain perks relative to what they specialise in. At the end of the day, this game is a fun strategy game with a heap of levels & difficulties to play on. The graphics, sounds and controls are basic, but good & overall the game is a great time killer. So I would definitely recommend this game if its ON SALE. I would not recommend it at the full price of $15 which in my opinion is a joke."
,Recommended,266130,34256291,Posted: 15 August,all,A.M.A.Z.O.,"Not worth the full price, but if is on sale is a good buy. Simple to play, pretty fast and maps feels kinda small. Would be nice if you could bring more than 4 guys. I liked the Bomb missions kinda puts you into rush mode."
76561197965046644,Recommended,266130,35077481,Posted: 19 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,Expect to Breach and Clear a lot of rooms in this game.==The Good==1. Customization - You can pick your loadout for all your soldiers along with their class.==The Bad==1. Bugs - I had a few times where enemies wouldn't die or get stuck in furniture. I also had teammates just randomly die from nothing. Again there is a few bugs here and there but most of the time it works.2. Balancing - I found some missions extremely unbalanced. For example one mission has you start in the open taking on well armed and equiped enemies that also have numbers on their side. If your not really you can end up getting killed right off the bat. So expect a few missions where you need to run for cover right off the bat before doing anything else.3. A.I - I found the enemy A.I breaking a few times. A few times I had them rush for my team and just get destroyed by my forces and other times they just sit in a room waiting for the first guy to open the door and get blasted then sit there waiting for the grenade to kill them. Yeah it's strange==Overall==A fun tactical game to try out for those interested in commanding a 4 man team focusing mainly on Counter Terrorism.
76561197972774406,Recommended,266130,13842230,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Pariah3j,"Great game. Reminds me of the UFO series only turned based, set up your teams actions and let them go then hope for the best. I got it on sale and it is complete worth it, would have payed full price if I'd known how much fun this game was."
76561198126586693,Recommended,266130,29793197,Posted: 8 February,all,overxander,Fun game to get on sale. Good for when you have nothing else to do and like strategy games like xcom.
76561197984843637,Recommended,266130,34532306,Posted: 27 August,all,Alien Ado,"Its a amazing game, i cant stop playing, only need better graphics, and better real movement. GREAT GAME"
,Recommended,266130,13652092,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Blazingscout,"Quite a bit of fun, once you get the feel of how an operation is suppost to go, even the hardest missions become cake walks!"
76561198023130923,Not Recommended,266130,30541572,Posted: 16 March,all,Vonknauss72,"I was bored after four missions.. The only thing nice about this game is the price.. Outdated gfx, repetetive and not very rewarding. I'd rather play Police quest SWAT from 1995"
76561198005577371,Recommended,266130,14453693,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Warlord-616x,"the game is not the largest, and there are only a handful of maps, but it is intersting and hooks you in."
76561198083268876,Recommended,266130,18971969,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Senpai <3,A really fun simulator with a real world experience that shows those looking to go into the Special Weapons And Tactics division what exactly you do and how to do it. 10/10 really fun with tons of customability; would recommend strongly to others that like stratagy games or shooters
,Recommended,266130,22385800,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Mist3rT0asT,"Thoroughly enjoying this game so far. The game mechanics are great and a variety of load outs are available from the marketplace. The game also features various difficulty levels. Multiplayer would be a nice addition to this but not bad for a $20 game, 8/10.I would recommend this to people who enjoy turn based tactical games. I can see it getting a little repetitive after 50 hours or so of gameplay however."
76561197962973671,Recommended,266130,20800418,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Past0ri,"Squad-based breaching simulator where you use advanced tactics to eliminate multiple enemies in turns using the most elite warriors on earth. You create the 4-man squad using 6 different specialists (fireteam leader, breacher, medic, etc) and then take on 7 campaigns, (8 with dlc) each packed with 5 missions, in 3 different game modes. Terrorist hunt is pretty straightforward, bomb defusal comes with time limit, so it can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and in the escape plan you exfiltrate your squad. Each succesful mission grants you experience for your soldiers, money and silver stars to unlock new weapons and to create new squads. I enjoyed the game cause it has replayability value and comes with some challenge, but the weapons could be more optimized and there were some lame bugs to interfere with the gameplay."
76561198067851126,Recommended,266130,12235787,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Dread Baron Beardly,"This game really surprised me. I got it as a cheap, fun game to play on my not so good linux laptop when I am not at the house. It turned out to be a highly enjoyable tactical game. You get to build your own squad and customize their names, appearance, and gear. Then plan and exectute turn based tactical breaches played out in real time. The squad members level up and you get to distribute skills much like an RPG. Very enjoyable."
76561198014035904,Recommended,266130,14032422,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,West,"Breach and Clear is good for what it is, a squad level turn based strategy game(though it meshes real time mechanics into it). That's the short version.The long version is that this game does well to cover a market that really isn't thriving right now. For so long strategy games have been more about commanding large armies rather than smaller squad levels of highly specialized soldiers. The few that do attempt this are either outdated or poorly executed. Breach and Clear provides a breath of fresh air to a genre that seemed stuck for a long time.I will admit, the gameplay is rather simpe and somewhat repetitive, but still will suit true strategy/military genre fans out there. You are allowed to control 4 man squads of some of the world's best specialized combatants (American Special Forces, Army Rangers, Navy SEALs; German KSK; British S.A.S.; Russian Spetsnaz; Canadian JTF2). In this squad creation of whatever force you decided to pick(you cannot mix and match, if you pick Rangers, all four members of that squad are Rangers, but you can create multiple squads), you create four operators each with default skills and loadouts(the loadout is by default the M4A1 SOPMOD, the skills vary somewhat based on what kind of force you pick. Special Forces, for example, will have higher health stats by default). Upon creating a squad, each member of the team you create must be assigned a role, and depending on this role he will have special abilities and skills(the fireteam leader provides bonuses to his squad as well as being able to draw enemy fire, for example). As you complete missions, your soldiers will  earn experience, thus allowing them to upgrade certain stats, such as health, movement speed, accuracy, etc. Also, with each successful mission, you earn moeny to buy new gear and weapons for your operators(only qualm I have about the guns is that they are almost all American used weapons, most of which AR-15 derivatives, so there's not a whole lot of variation there).When you start a mission, you are given an aerial view of the area of operation(this is the main viewpoint for te entire game). This will allow you to examine the area before sending your guys in. Once content with what you see, you can select which entry points you want your guys to stack up on(most maps will have at least two entry points, though there are several that have just one). You can divide your team to tackle multiple entries and cover more ground, or you can keep your units together and lessen the risk of one of them going down. When you send the guys in, you have a movement stage, where you coordinate where you want your guys to go, what direction they cover, what actions they should do, etc. Once you got all that figured out, you can execute, and your guys will follow your orders to the best of their ability. Be mindful, when you activate this and they start moving, the enemy starts moving to, and will therefore react to your guys, this is where turn based strategy meshes with real time strategy. Assuming that your team is well equiped and your tactics are sound, you should be able to complete the missions without many casualties.So the gameplay, unfortunately, doesn't vary much. The same principle is applied over and over. But the gameplay is solid and once again those who enjoy this kind of commanding style will be pleased. Overall, I'd give it a solid B rating. Could be more varied in terms of gameplay mechanics, but what it does offer is well rounded and well executed."
76561198041736591,Recommended,266130,17211287,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,[EO] Onikenshin,"I was surprised.I hate turn based games with a passion. The way this hooked me is the turn happens and real time commences with that fraction of a second of what happens next as the next turn. Everything grinds to a stop with your soldiers still carrying out their prior orders until the next breach is activated and the time returns to normal.Each map has different approaches you need to take. You, the player, need to figure out the best tactics and weapons to bring to each fight for each one is drastically different. Do you want to go loud and draw them to a certain place and then come at them from behind with the rest of your team? Or do you want to be completely steathy taking out every single enemy without raising an alarm?It is a very fun game and it gets extremely hard. I have absolutely no idea how to counter some of these enemies in armor and with long range weapons."
,Recommended,266130,11356056,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Dr Tycoon,This game is a fun turn based strategy game with a very good soundtrack and lots of things to customize.
,Recommended,266130,22118615,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Bloodslayer122,"I find this game extremely addictive, as well as effective in the genre it tries to replicate. In the settings it allows you to set a ""Permadeath"" option where if your squad members die, they are gone forever. This allows players to get connected to their squad as they progress through their career. And the act of losing one in battle can not only effect players emotionally but also can effect the squad's dynamics as you lose the benifets that that experienced soldier had.I highly recommend this game to all who love hair-raising Turn-Based Stratagy games."
,Recommended,266130,11646738,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,A_Dimwitted_Tree,If you're looking for fast paced 1st person shooting stop reading now and look the other way. But if you're interested in a slower-paced game that is intensly focused on strategy in a turn by turn fashion with a modern CQB feel then I think I may know just the game for you!
76561198274455624,Recommended,266130,20732356,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,tuxianus,"PROS:It is a good proof of concept game. Realism is good. I felt like I am in combat and finished all missions of first game mode in one day.CONS:Native soldier models for each tactical force is missing as far as I see. It would be better if ""after mission report"" was one unanimated screen which can be skipped in one click. Additional game modes seemed as if they are waste of time to me (replaying same map).It would be good if this game is supported by new maps and scenarios for the first game mode.NOTE : Buy when it is discounted."
76561198142584755,Recommended,266130,20557715,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,thomasdrea,"My go to casual game as of late. Not too deep but that's what i really like about it. Fun overall experience, decent level of customization and maps variety make this a winner for me."
,Recommended,266130,21591454,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,BAKA Ruiner,"Remember shooting dudes?Remember making other dudes shoot dudes?This is making other dudes shoot dudes.The interface is pretty minimalistic, but gets the job done, there are a few weird, finnicky design choices like how you can either use a power thing or move or shoot, or you can move slower for some reason, I guess ot keep your aim going well, and you don't really have a good idea of how likely it is for your series of actions to proceed are, especially when you know your opponent is in a place, but those are just small games, overall this is solid for tactical, urban combat turn based strategy. And, it seems like a complete game, which is getting rare nowadays, so that's cool, go it.Really though, good game, pick it up and play it."
76561198293925538,Recommended,266130,25838137,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Fox,"Addicting, Can try different play throughs with different people and experiement with movements and determining what the AI might do."
,Recommended,266130,28087585,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Blackfang321,Probably oonly worth 5-10 depending on how much you like the genre.  I got it for 90% off or so and enjoyed it.  The controls need some polish.  So does the gear equip system.  But besides that you are going to get exactly what you expect.
,Recommended,266130,28022363,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Empire of the Rising Sun,This is one of the best simple strategy games I have played in a while. I have tried to get into RTS's like Rise of Natinos and couldn't really get into it. This really gives the best of both a squad strategy game and a good grand strategy planner. Would absolutely recommend.
,Recommended,266130,33110373,Posted: 1 July,all,x2_TailedFox_98,"I'd recommend the game if it's on sale for a couple bucks, but I'd definitely say it doesn't have a whole lot of replay value. Great game for what it is, though!"
76561198095516159,Recommended,266130,34874898,Posted: 10 September,all,Nova,Very fun game though it is a little expensive for the quality but really enjoyable.i do recommend this game but buy it when it is on sale
,Recommended,266130,24745619,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Safjac,"This is one of those games you play when you are just a little too smart for solitaire. While it is a fun game where missions only last a few minutes, it lacks the depth to make it one of those that keep you spellbound.PROS:Quick missions that are suited to filling small gaps of time.Semi-realistic in the urban-combat senario.Easy to get into without hassling about tutorials.CONS:The game becomes repetitive very quickly, so the boredom sets in sooner than with a really good game. The replayability factor is very low.Every person decides what entertainment is worth in a Dollar amount to them. Bear that in mind in figuring that you'll probably only play this about 3 days out of every year. If that often.To the uninitiated, this may seem a valuable training-aid in securing hostile urban territory. If that is what you think, it will be less painful to just shoot yourself. No 4-man team will ever insert to clear any but the smallest maps in this game.This is not the sparkling gem of all games, but it's not the worst out there either. Far more could have been done with the idea, but it seems almost like this game was developed by one guy during a couple of coffee-breaks. It could have been a lot better, though. I hadn't played this game for a couple of years, but I took two squads up to about L20, and now I'm done for the next few years. I also noticed that nothing new was done since I played last, so don't expect new content unless you build it yourself.While I would reccommend the game, I'd not do it at the $15.00 price tag. Personally, I don't think it should cost even a third of that price, but ultimately, you decide. I think $5.00 is a fair price, and the Frozen Synapse DLC should be thrown in free at that price. Just my $0.02."
76561198025514155,Recommended,266130,32749070,Posted: 24 June,all,S Reaper,Lots of fun at a very low price.  it takes the best elements of a game like frozen synapse and makes it more rewarding and less micro managy.
76561198053520218,Recommended,266130,9614366,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Blaze,"Pretty simple and pretty cool. Rainbow Six + XCOM for sure! A little bit ghetto with the graphics and customizing abilities (could make the guns look to awesome so easy, but as it is its actually very difficult to make a simple olive or tan color) but it is easy to look pass that. Over all great time killer for a decent prive!"
76561198090399453,Recommended,266130,19960220,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,CPTMillar5510,i wish there was a way to make your own maps and play on it it would way more cooler and it would i think expand the game and this so tacticool :)
,Recommended,266130,13285247,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,NightMorph,"-Highly Recommended Title-You breach, you clear, you get level ups, you get access to more weapons and gear - you breach and clear again.Picked up B&C on sale for $4.99 USD - and this game is one of the best for value for money.The tactical side of B&C is engaging - and rewarding, and I dont feel that this is at all like an ""arcade game"". It seems realistic enough for my tastes.It could do with a bit more polishing - but for the money - I no complain.B&C is similar to the old school S.W.A.T and the more modern xcom or frozen synapsis (of which there is a dlc for B&C)Visuals are of medium to good quality - as are the sounds.There is no real tutorial to speak of, but the game is fairly easy to pick up.There were a couple of things that I though could be improved, and those are:a) extending the in-game options to include screen resolution/graphics settings.b) once a character is directed to throw a grenade or flash bang, there was no ""cancel order"" - but by selecting another playable character - this seemed to cancel the throw.Thats about the worst I could find in this game.Pick up this game on sale or not, your choice - either way, it's alot of fun -you wont regret it. And it's the only title I have scored a 10/10 so far.Go forth and breach....then clear!Score: 10/10"
,Recommended,266130,9660660,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Termin8rSmurf,"If you like tactical action shooters, this is not for you. If you like Slow paced, tactical planning and preparation, you will enjoy this. The combat is clinical, because it is carefully planned. You pre-plan all your actions and then press an 'execute orders' button. Your troops follow your instructions, moving and clearing, and covering their targets.Methodical, clinical, precise. A good, all-round planning game.Something to fill in a half hour gap between Arma 3 sessions."
76561198028865912,Recommended,266130,19605978,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,sapper4u,Very fun game for the price.  Offers a lot of customization and some decent replay value with the different game modes.
,Recommended,266130,32060065,Posted: 30 May,all,chamot07,"Still one of the best games on Steam and the tactical element is still much better than Breach and Clear Deadline.  Controls are easy, you control the AI with the players abilities and the game is overall challenging.  If only there were mods!!"
,Recommended,266130,14168499,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,M0ntS4intM1chel,Straight and plain top-down-perspective tactical Special Operations Simulation.
,Recommended,266130,10226813,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Radical Astronautical,"Friendly interface, ok graphics, fun gameplay and a nice difficulty curve, challenging but possible if you learn from your mistakes.9.5 out of ten.:P"
,Not Recommended,266130,12237398,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Johau,It's only fun for a couple hours gets boring afterwards.
76561198262973117,Not Recommended,266130,23538436,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,bunnytickles,"> advertised as a military training program used by real operatives to simulate real situations> has a levelling up system, critical hits, and very limited movementI guess it's still worth 2 euros, and you can have some fun with it despite it becoming mind-numbingly boring after half an hour. Either way, I'm still unhappy that this was not the tactical simulator chess game I thought it would be. If you like X-COM more than SWAT/Rainbow Six, I'd say this game is for you, otherwise, don't bother."
76561198055419029,Not Recommended,266130,15317064,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,General Foxpenguin,"It starts off as an amazing game, a game style that I have actually searched for. It remains a good game until you unlock everything, all stars, all guns, which can be done in a little under 15 hours. With the recent release of Breach and Clear: Deadline, this game has been forgotten, and it will remain as it is at its current state. It is a high quality game, but do not purchase unless it is at a discounted price, it is not worth $14.99. If you look in the news about this game, all the news is about Deadline, not the game they should be releasing news about."
,Recommended,266130,9596708,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,BoDyBaG2224,"Buy this game if you like X-Com, but want something that takes way less time to play. The level of detail is low, the sounds aren't very good, but despite all of that I still find it fun. There are lot of upgrades you can get for your squad mates and despite the game being very, very simple, I find myself replaying levels and changing the difficulty to get a new experience each time. I don't feel like this is a game I would pay 15 dollars for band be happy, but for <$10 I think you'll get 10 dollars worth of fun from this. It's always nice to have a game that you can jump in quickly and jump out quickly for when you need to kill 10 or 15 minutes.Final: If the game is on sale for less than 10 bucks I think it is worth it, the game isn't going to win any awards but it is a fun way to kill some time and the level up upgardes and customization makes you want to replay it."
,Not Recommended,266130,10815887,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,palhanow,"A simple tactical game. Dont go beyond that. Does not come close to its competitor Frozen Synapse, but delivers what  promises in parts, getting impossible not to compare each one.Despite having a description on page extremely tempting, promising a highly tactical and complex game, is hardly so.Strategies and options are simple, basically limiting the positioning of soldiers and their handling in each phase. You simply enter the room and see the shooting happen. You can break down doors, throw tactical devices like grenades and flashbangs, and choose which way to look. Nothing else. The game is an infinite looping entering the room, get lucky for the soldiers first shoot the enemies and start all over again.A typical game for mobile phones that was poorly ported to PC. It is very clear looking at the layouts and menus of the game, very badly adapted.Some soldiers have certain specific skills for each class, such as locking doors and having improved reaction time but also by the structure of the game such skills make little difference in the time of action.The graphics are typically mobile. Few animations make the game boring (like terrorists falling in the same position) and the sound effects are amateurs.Despite being a mobile game badly ported to PC it's a little amusing. There are options to purchase equipment and a wide customization possibilities. Probably as the game grow with their development (giving more respect to the pc's users) it can become better.Briefly comparing the competitor, are almost two different games. The complexity and tactical strategy are much deeper in Frozen Synapse.I'm not recommending the game, I suggest you wait more to spend your hard earned money and go for Frozen Synapse.Give a score 06/10 with a certain twinge of conscience.I hope you enjoy my review, any questions just ask in my profile."
76561197965396869,Not Recommended,266130,9601304,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Macdallan,"Hmm... the best way to describe this one is probably my favourite way to describe mediocre games.  Meh.  It wants to be a strategy game but I find the gameplay to be very flat.  With the character the control structure, waypoint system that's pretty dull and whatever this mess decided to call ""gameplay"" it just falls short.  It's like that army recruit learning to use grenades that pulls the pin, counts to three then throws the pin.  This may appeal to extremely casual players, or people who don't play more interesting, graphically superior and more tactically sound strategy games - and I guess that makes sense since this is really a mobile game ported to PC.  Oh, well, at least I got it on sale.  Don't fall for it.  The reviews that mentioned it was like other strategy games - them folks is crazy.  Absolutely crazy.I'd say don't waste more than 2 bucks on this game, all it did for me was breach and clear my wallet..."
76561198011586288,Recommended,266130,11695959,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,J.Shaw,Fun game.
12359478947465564,Recommended,266130,13699749,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,KitKat,Lord Gaben demands that you buy this excellent game to please him.
,Recommended,266130,29689662,Posted: 4 February,all,udun9,Literally most deep tactical strategy simulation. Buy this game right now.
,Recommended,266130,24357479,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Thaddeus J. Spider,"TL;DRI invited my brother to try this game out one time, and he got a perfect score on his first try.Me:  ""Wow, not bad.""Him:  ""I just did what they taught me to do in Infantry School.""So I guess the game works pretty well.On to the ReviewBreach & Clearis probably the most fun I've ever had playing a strategy game, largely because its plan-the-next-few-seconds approach both allows the player take his/her time while planning the next move and provides the satisfaction of seeing a successful plan play out in real-time.Level design is nicely varied while still generally keeping the unwritten rules of play applicable (i.e. the lessons learned from successful/unsuccessful runs of previous missions will be useful in later missions).  I never did figure out exactly what the game used (other than completion speed) to determine the 1-4 star performance rating, but I almost always agreed with the rating it gave me.I do wish that the game would allow the player to change the order in which their squad stacks up on doors, so that my medic wouldn't be taking point all the time while my direct-action guy sits in the back, but otherwisethe movement and control of squad members is well-thought-out and intuitive.There is a ludicrously elaborate equipment customization system that I appreciate, and I also like that it unlocks more weapons based on the total number of stars you've acquired as mission ratings.  However, the number of stars required to unlock the guns, as well as the amount of money awarded for missions versus the amount that guns cost, is a bit unreasonable.  Even getting maximum ratings on all of the missions requires several runs through all of the missions in order to have enough stars to unlock the top-tier weapons, and even more runs to get the money to purchase them.  But again, this is a relatively minor complaint, and on the whole the system works well.In short, while it isn't perfect,Breach & Clearis a solid tactical strategy game with sound core mechanics and enough variety to keep it interesting.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,266130,17557329,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,SupniX,"I do recommend this game but with two stipulations.The first is that you pretty much have to be either a completionist, or like me, just cycle through your games. This game does have replayability (To a certain extent). The drawback is that it get's repetitive quickly, espescially when your trying to save up for new guns or attachments.The second is more of a recommendation, buy the game while it is on sale (Currently 2.99, definitely worth it). Because of it's existant but faltering replayability (And the fact that you earn everything you need for a good squad fairly quickly) it does get old quickly and doesn't feel very fleshed out.So, my synopsis? The game is fun, but in kind of a flash-gamey way. Don't expect this to be the next game you no-life for the next year, but to get you through brief patches of boredom on occasion it should do alright. (7/10)(P.S. Just a side note, with 7 hours in the game atm I have two fully geared squads that are carrying among the most powerful and expensive weaponry/armor I can currently buy [One squad has all CTARs, the other has all P90s, both have every slot filled with the best attachments]. This game may be repetitive in it's design, but not too horribly grindy.)"
,Recommended,266130,27125069,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ingty22,A really good tactical game. Would be better with a few tweaks here and there. But Totally worth the price. 1-2 $ (in sale)
76561198057225923,Recommended,266130,29704382,Posted: 4 February,all,Waffle Ninja,"This game is truly amazing, besides the graphics that is. With that said I would recommend this game to people who like XCOM or Doorkickers."
,Not Recommended,266130,29986329,Posted: 17 February,all,killkenny,"it's not bad as this type of games does not exist much on steam store.I down vote, because this title does not definitely deserve $14.99The completion is just not there. the animation is funky, and agonistic UI design.Has potential and could be improved in the later sequel if there would ever be one."
76561198004331759,Recommended,266130,34003191,Posted: 3 August,all,jake0123456789,"Overall this game is a quite positive experience.Pros+ Fully Customisable Soldiers+ Tricky missions+ Graphics were better than expectedCons- I have played 13.5 hours and almost completed every mission,- Lack of a real storylineIts a good game to get on a steam sale."
,Recommended,266130,34005984,Posted: 3 August,all,Reggie Barry,I was sold on being able to play as JTF2. Totally worth it.
,Recommended,266130,33942511,Posted: 31 July,all,RageKarizma,"Effective and Efficient 7/10Initially, the concept of a Turn Based Strategy, incorporated with tactical scenarios similar to modern urban combat.Very much piqued my interests.Breach and Clear was a Top Down, Strategy, Turn Based gameAnd to that extent, it did an exceptionally good job.With simple game mechanics that are condensed fluidly and an extensive plethora for customizationAlong with personalization within your own squads, equipment, and weaponry which gives off a very individualistic feeling to when you're executing a mission, a decent amount of strategy is needed, especially in Permanent Death Mode which raises the stakes and consequence to the game.Now that all good has been said...As you progress through, the game becomes gradually more repetitive. With you and your squad eliminating a set amount of hostile targets. And once you have fone through and completed all missions.There really is no Replay Factor.Something to bring you back to the gameGame itself is substantially short. With no real campaign/story to follow, and only being allowed the ability to replay a set amount of maps on various difficulties and gamemodesIn the end,The game becomes extremely repetitive, and with no anchored reason to replay.My positive experience while playing the game was shortlived.And soon became a game to sit in my steam library to only be played occasionally during the loading screen of MOWAS2But Hey...Nothing screams 'Tactical Fun' more than a Flashbang through a window, an explosive charge blowing down your door, and followed by a SWAT/Ranger/JTF2/SAS/KSK/Spetznav team who've come to 'Deadify' you"
76561197999589299,Recommended,266130,34039625,Posted: 5 August,all,Und3rDoc,"I'd almost forgotten I owned this game. I recently installed it on my Linux (Ubuntu Budgie 17.04) laptop with a 3060 CPU and 2gb of ram. It runs alright actually on 1366x768.I thought it was fun on the PC a couple of years ago and I really enjoyed it just recently. I like the tactical turn based element of the game preferring planning over gunning. I really miss these kind of game nowadays ...You can wank about it being a mobile game originally, but the controls are pretty good and functional and the graphics are still adequate for what the game set out to achieve.Overall, great tactical fun. Really recommended! Cheerz!"
76561198047378868,Recommended,266130,34365606,Posted: 19 August,all,promega,"Pretty good game. I definitely spent longer than 0.5hrs playing this... so not sure what went wrong there.Effective UX and controls, while it takes a little bit to learn it, you get the hang of it quick as its definitely intuitive enough.I'm not sure if its worth its standard price tag, but would recommend getting it on sale if you want a very well-done nice tactical turn-based action game that focuses on close-quarters ""Breach and clear"" style operations (hence the title :)).Though i haven't completed this game, and may never do, it was well worth a couple of hours of enjoyment. I could see myself coming back on a rainy day."
,Recommended,266130,25535335,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,!-[FE]★MorganDaSavage★-!,"""If you are a fan of the genre (tactical turn-based squad strategy games) then this is definitely a gem!"""
76561198073675308,Recommended,266130,25937288,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Custodian Terminator,"Fun game, but can you release a texture modding software? The CADPAT is painful to look at."
76561198035019351,Recommended,266130,25862496,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,conn44dm,Low Graphic's but great game. Love the tatics of the game.
76561198039751064,Recommended,266130,27882058,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spirit,"Nice tactic strategy, where you assume role of special unit forces and deal with terrorist threat.Game has several modes, each bringing new variety to gameplay - not just classic ""clean the enemy"", but a bit more. There is nice variety of weapons, even though one can imagine much more of those. Each weapon has different range, damage output, noise output ... add this to different roles for each team member and you can build quite a lot of loadouts.Your team can be chosen from many different, not just regular SWAT unit, but US Seals, russian Spetsnaz, JTF and much more. Possibility to camouflage them from several different variants, name them as you like (glory to my SG team :) ) and hooray to battle.I find the game quite funny and relaxing, you might even spend a lot hours in a row, especially when you will be hunting for ""perfect game"" (no injury, as fewest rounds as possible) and so on. People who like to try different loadouts will love the game, most of the people would enjoy it for a bit at least."
,Recommended,266130,28863100,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,✪ FTWJohnV,"Best Strategy game for military and turn based type loved it because its your choice how to approach or strategize per levels,"
,Recommended,266130,13227374,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Maяš,"This is a truly enjoyable game, its not just for those of you who master strategists, the difficulty settings are diverse enough that complete newbies can come and play, whilst still enjoying themselves and the challenge that 'easy' brings, however, the strategy masters are also catered for with the addition of the harder difficulties which pose immense challenges.This game is truly a gemstone,I've only played around 7 hours as of now, however i've enjoyed every part so far;from building my squad and upgrading them with better weapons and attachments to kicking in doors and picking locks before eliminating a room full of terrorists. Filled with plenty of different maps to play on, it provides hours of deep strategic gameplay.This game is unbelieveably good, I'd seriously recommend this game to anyone, regardless of whether you've played many turn based strategy games before or not. This caters for everyone.10/10, Would purchase again."
,Recommended,266130,13304869,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Bourgeoisie,"This game was absolutely fun.But i think, it needed some new maps on terrorist hunt, bring some new gears, and equipment.Overall 8.5/10 ."
,Recommended,266130,13361379,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,FaZe Cosby,"I love this game!It offers simple but intriguing controls which in later levels must be used with precisionThe graphics are pretty good and there are enough levels and gamemodes to keep you entertained for a whileEven though the maps can be a bit repetitive in how they are built they still vary the conditions in which you playCustomisation is huge with different guns and gear for different situationsBeing stuck on a level for a while and finally getting through it is a great feeling which this game achieves in the playersHighly recommend it to everyone who likes stategy games and those who do not want a game overly complicated(they should add multiplayer where one team plays as the terrorist and the other counter-terrorists, also a steam workshop community maps and wepons addon, that would be cool)"
76561198363805616,Recommended,266130,31476348,Posted: 30 April,all,grizzle,"This game was the perfect inbetween games game for me. I had never played a game like this, and was not sure what I was getting when I bought it on sale, however, I have gotten many hours of enjoyment out of it. It definitely offers a challenge at times, being such a strategy based game, but nothing that will make you throw your mouse."
,Recommended,266130,25986087,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Skittlefart,"When in doubt, use C4. - Jamie Hyneman"
,Recommended,266130,29597078,Posted: 30 January,all,our topfrag is global,"This game is one of the best games for the price, although I'd only get it on the sale as personally I dont think its worth 16$"
76561197965258653,Recommended,266130,29176100,Posted: 10 January,all,Ben (Mbweha),"Lots of fun for the price, but not much replayability. If you like turn-based tactical games you'll probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,266130,25858005,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,8GiG,"What is Breach & Clear?Breach & Clearis a tactical top-down squad-based stratergy game. The goal of the game is split into 3 Types! You have the (Lets call it) Terrorist Elimination where you have to clear each room and area of terrorists; Bomb Defusal, where you try find the bomb hidden in one of many rooms and when you do find the bomb, you have 25.00 seconds (5.00 seconds per phase) to defuse the bomb and/or defend the bomb whilst 1-3 other soldiers defuse it; Then you have Escape Plan, Terrorists have attacked the building your sqaud was in (why they were in there is a mystery) and your 4 squad members are spread around the buildings and have to fight their way to the extraction point.Why SHOULD you buy it?Its Quite a fun game that only hardcore RTS or Hardcore Stratergy fans would fully enjoy. If you aren't a hardcore RTS/S Gamer. THEN BREACH AND CLEAR IS NOT RECOMMENDED FOR YOU.What are the positives?Well, since the Mobile one is free and is tied down by in-app purchases. This is the best way to go. To get this game, it's most recommended to get it on sale. I've got a spare copy in my gift inventory just if the occasion arises to pull it out.It's also got cool unlockable weapons as you progress, Every campaign is just a certain amount of stars to unlock and not $1.99/£1.99 for single things.What are the negatives?Only the price, really. £10.99 may sound reasonable to a true hardcore fan but it's unreasonable since it's onsale almost all the time meaning that you should just pull out a stove, get your tent set and get camping. The game goes as low as £1.59 for most sales.The other ""drawback"" is that you have to think of how♥♥♥♥♥♥s gonna go down in the missions. One wrong step and you'll be raging or be mad due to the lack of skill you probably have or just how unlucky you are.Is Breach & Clear Collection worth it???Sorry, no. For one example, there is the price. For another example is how bad the other games are. And for the final example, the Original Breach and Clear is all you need as well as mod support.Random Banter: Why not add mod support?It'd be funny if we had mod support. Imagine this: BLEACH & CLEAR. The guy on the front would be replaced with a clorox bleach bottle. I mean c'mon! Who doesn't want to fight as Clorox Bleach and vs terrorist bleaches. That'd be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥epic. Or How about Warhammer crossing over. It'd be another fun game mod to see. I dunno if the game has mod support but I'm still waiting for the sequel ""BLEACH & CLEAR""."
,Recommended,266130,13768362,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Matsimus,"This game is a lot of fun! I really enjoy the movement of the guys.SLOW IS SMOOTH, SMOOTH IS FAST!!BREACH BANG AND CLEAR THIS B***H!!"
76561198159438439,Recommended,266130,31808040,Posted: 17 May,all,Crabbypants15,"This is a fun time passer. Wait for it to go on sale though, not worth full price."
,Recommended,266130,20144261,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Wales Grey,"Brief: Perhaps overly simplistic (and I'm a big fan of minimalist design), but fun.Long: Not a bad entry into the ""plan and go"" strategy market. It's got some dubious design decisions (e.x. the inclusion of free-to-play grind-for-gud) and has the mechanical/tactical depth of an iPhone game, along with some extremely unrefined cosmetic items and general unpolished wierdness, but it's a pretty fun game regardless.By far the game's most vulgar and cardinal flaw is its total lack of player-usable AKs.Verdict: Easily worth five U.S.A. Freedom Dollars, but the game isn't good enough to be worth purchasing at more than that."
,Recommended,266130,18229431,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Crimson Orange,"A fantastic game that reminds me of the ""Endless War"" flash games!"
,Recommended,266130,10029107,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Ecuilirum,"its a good game i would recommend, wished they released more maps for it"
76561198038466696,Not Recommended,266130,20345767,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Downright.,"Lame, a few minutes is more than enough for this old dog soldier....."
76561198064958559,Not Recommended,266130,34616833,Posted: 30 August,all,Sek510i,"This game has potential to be good, but mods are needed. Devs have abandoned it in favour of a zombie ''sequel'' game, and this game still feels like an early access beta version.The tactics are shallow and the controls are not always clear. Customisation is again promising but feels unfinished, and they could have done a lot more with it.If they added in mod support and let people make their own maps, customisation options, weapons and abilities, this could become a much better game. But for now it just seems like an unfinished mobile game."
,Not Recommended,266130,9613806,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Faceless,"Don't get me wrong the game is fun but there are problems as well. I will update my review if they update their game. The attachments for the weapons are really unbalanced there is one vest you can buy that give your men something like +175 health while the others for the same price will give them +5-10. I don't know if you had to pay for this vest in the phone version or what? Plus many more weird things. When I select a different trigger the picture doesn't show it on the gun. Silencers lower damage come on in Call of Duty that makes sense but this is a simulator. Many weird things with the attachments.Weapons are weird as well. You can only buy two weapons at the beginning and even after unlocking a third the gun your guys start with is better... So I'm not sure wny they would give you an option to buy a new crappier one?Tool tips would be nice. There are 6 classes but you can see the differences while lining them up at the door. It would be nice if you could tell this. There are a lot of places more tooltips would come in handy.If you your walk up to a door they open it. I wish there was a way for them to sit next to it without opening it. Not a huge deal you just after to remember this when telling them where to go.They also need to put a restart put in the game. If you lose a couple guys you have to either finish the map, kill your other guys, or get out of the game to restart. As soon as your are done with the map you can restart so its not like they don't let you replay the maps.Overall this is a fun game. But I think if I could go back in time I would have waited to see if they patch it first."
,Recommended,266130,19086495,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,doughboy97,"This a unique tacical game, when compaired to most its a very refreshing style of strategy gaming."
76561198006728109,Recommended,266130,9695950,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,const,Really awesome Strategy Game!Easy to understand and harder in the later levels
,Recommended,266130,13194278,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,[GWJ] Tamren,"I saw this game featured on the Autumn sale and seemed like a decent game for the 5$ asking price.The best way to describe the gameplay is a mix of Frozen Synapse Lite and XCOM. Units move along a path you designate and face in specific directions, engaging any enemy they see. Unlike Frozen Synapse your units can take cover behind objects and units in cover are much more durable as in XCOM. There is a major emphasis on flanking and use of grenades to flush out enemies. The game offers three game modes based around the same set of maps. The first one is straight up Seek and Destroy where you move through a level and clear it of enemies. The second involves getting to and defusing explosives. And in the third mode your units start in the middle of the level and must fight their way clear.The game is not without issues and lacks polish in many areas. The game's mobile origins are very clear in the setup of the interface and the level-based progression system. One point in it's favour is a detailed options menu for controlling sound and game resolution. Something which many games lack, especially mobile ports.When you first start the game up it immediately forces you to create a team of soldiers. First by picking the unit they come from (Navy Seals, JTF2 etc) and a class for each character of the 4-man team. However since you haven't even done the tutorial yet you will have no idea what stats do and what classes mix well together. Annoyingly each class has a set of perks you can't even see until you make a squad and examine a soldier's stat page.Every soldier starts with a set of basic equipment matched roughly to what they would use in real life. You can upgrade each soldier by unlocking and then purchasing new equipment. Progression is linear in that later more expensive equipment is better in every way. Weapons can also be upgraded with components such as a new trigger or gas system to modify the statistics. However these upgrades can easily produce weapons that break the game or weapons that deal no damage at all. In all honesty whatever assault rifle your men start with is perfectly adequate and most of the specialist weapons like the light machine gun or shotgun are useless.Soldiers can also wear various clothing and body armour, but this is another area where the lack of polish shows. Hats can clip through hair and beards. No matter what they are equipped with your soldiers have a tan coloured pistol belt that probably won't match the other things they wear.The third mission type is extremely silly. The premise of having your men escape the level is good, but the implementation is terrible. Your men start scattered around the level with each man in a mexican standoff with 1-3 gunmen standing not 10 feet away. 90% of the time all you have to do to win the level is to hit the end turn button, watch your men gun down everything and then spend a couple turns moving them to the exit. Personally I just pretend this part of the game doesn't exist and stick to the first two mission types.--All in all I would recommend this game for sale price only. There is fun to be had, but don't get into it expecting Rainbow Six. The developers are working on a new game called Breach and Clear: DEADLINE which promises to be an improved version of the game built with the PC in mind instead of the mobile platform. Sales of this game can only help them in that endeavor."
,Recommended,266130,9599664,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,GDav,"Very fun. Great design, great graphics, good AI and lots of customisation options. All in all a great game."
76561198077970380,Recommended,266130,9601966,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Propaganda Pat,I think it is a good breach and clear simulator. i wish there was more like base managemant or mabye even open world. the combat dosn't really take much micromanaging and it doesn't really get bland. overall i think it is a fun game. so i give it a 8/10
,Recommended,266130,13539403,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,JimmyDaButt,"*BOOM* I JUST KICKED IN YOUR MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING DOOR! NOW LETS SHOUT ABOUT A ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME GAME CALLED BREACH AND CLEAR! BRUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! CHECK IT, YOU CAN BE TONS OF COUNTER-TERRORIST UNITS FROM AROUND THE WORLD SO YOU CAN KILL TERRORISTS, DEFUSE THEIR BOMBS, AND ESCAPE MORE TERRORISTS BY KILLING THEM! ♥♥♥♥ING SWEET! ITS LIKE WAR BUT FROM BEHIND YOUR COMPUTER SO YOU DON'T GET SHOT! GODDAMN! BUT DON'T WORRY YOU WON'T MISS OUT ON THE HEART-POUNDING INTENSE FIREFIGHTS,THROWING GRENADES, SHOOTING VIRTUAL TERRORISTS AND WATCHING THEIR STUPID ♥♥♥♥♥ FACES EXPLODE AND... and losing a brother in combat. *sniff* ♥♥♥♥! I said I wouldn't cry. *sniff* You won't feel what real troopers feel, but you will see one brother die and the other brother get killed the next mission. It ♥♥♥♥ed up man. I feel horrible. Its over *sniff* this reviews over. 1000/1 *Warning if you took the last part seriously then you are a bad person. God bless our troops, And their fallen brothers. Merica'*"
76561198024701773,Recommended,266130,9592953,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,OneThirtyEight,"Love this game.  It has a little thing many similar games seem to forget with all their tactics and stats etc.  A little thing called fun.  No, it's not the most in depth, realistic tactical sim ever made, but who cares?  This one had me coming back, mission after mission.  And for the price, you can't really go wrong, can you?Two thumbs up"
76561198031075903,Recommended,266130,9601598,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,VonLuck,"It does what it says, and does it well... A very nice change from FPS' and RTS' like COH... Reminds me of the original Rainbow Six, without the FPS part...Would like to see some more options in the graphics... Really push it further then the android crap could handle..."
76561197970427239,Not Recommended,266130,9964810,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Ninja En Short,"I bought this game because I like X-COM a lot and thought this might have been a good alternative before a new ""real"" PC TBS game came out and for once there were more than US units and British SAS, including one of my personal favorite : the German Kommando Spezialkräfte or KSK for short.So I ""created"" my unit, I use the word very loosely as there are not a lot of physical customization available for your soldiers, still better than what BF4 of COD do though, I entered the game and blazed through 3 environment, about 15 missions, with barely a scratch on my men, starting to think ""Ok this is starting to stink badly..."", only to finally start getting some pretty serious opposition in the next environments to the point where I finally had to start thinking how not to get my me killed... even though calling the enemies ""mentally challenged"" would make the COD AIs look like rocket scientists.So the game does offer a fair deal of challenge in later stages.But what about ""The Gear"" ? Yes with upper cases because that's what gives an 8 year old playing COD wetdreams. One word defines my whole experience on that : ""disappointment"". To explain it better the customizations options for clothing and apparel is giving a decent choice but : the plate carriers and chest rigs all look the same and the arsenal  comes straight from your average US armory. Why is it a problem ? Well, because the armory is an AR-15 based orgy (seriously, you got more than 20 variation on the M4/M16) and a couple things more ""original"" live a 1st version TAR-21 and SCARs seen thousands of time before... where are the real guns like, I don't know, Aks, HK416/417, FAMAS, G3 or even the base gun all KSK use : the G36K (and I found that many people think only the C exist)... I have more variaty in my own armory.Also : where the hell are the side arms ?Also one might think given the realistish approach the gun stats may have reflected their actual use in real life, but in fact is a linear progression where the next gun is better only by virtue of being unlocked later.Graphics and animation are less than appealing but as stated in many other reviews the game was mainly built for mobiles devices but given the price tag on this game I seriously cannot excuse the lack of work put in textures that seemed to have just been stretched and ludicrous animation (special mention for the pathetic door kicking at initial rounds).This is not acceptable at all for a 15$ game !In the end I had some hopes for this game but fact is this game does not just fail to deliver, it is simply a money grabbing operation on TBS amateurs such as myself and all the Kikoolols thinking they could become SAS by snapping their fingers (thanks Modern Warfare...).To sum it up : you want a real TBS game, just type X-COM in the search bar and save yourself."
76561198043216172,Recommended,266130,10002095,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,jerkymeister,Kill terrorists and Mexicans
,Not Recommended,266130,13253286,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Zamug,"I haven't played too many turn-based strategy games, xcom, arma tactics, frozen synapse, skulls of the shogun... but I don't like this game better than any of the others. There is no background story around the various missions, the user interface isn't very polished, the movement system is limited, the character development not too interesting, the graphics just ok, and the maps quite small.This game is an interesting mix of various features found it other games, but that's the only thing I find likeable about the game. It's not a bad game if you really like turn-based strategy I guess, there is enough material to keep you busy for a while. But I wouldn't recommend this game to a friend."
,Recommended,266130,9590933,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Ghillie,You can make your guns bright pink. 10/10
76561197967918496,Recommended,266130,9591071,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,Very much a yes as far as buy. Nice time sink and fun. Surprising  number of options and course no microtransactions. Nice little tactical title that Im very much enjoying and certainly worth the 10.00.
,Recommended,266130,13249379,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,{4US} LoTuS,"Probably the best ""turn based"" tactical game ever made. I wish it had the depth of xcom because the actual combat is leagues above anything else IMO. worth the purchase for sure."
,Recommended,266130,13260984,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,rivs8,"Great game, I thought I would like it from the start, but I ended up playing and couldn't put it down. Think through every move, and prepare for what's on the other side of the door without even knowing, what's there. I especially enjoyed the way your reaction time and accuracy make all the difference when engaging targets. A+ on the combat engine in that respect."
,Recommended,266130,13276758,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Blast_Them,"If you have ever plaued the PC adaptation of Space Hulk, its like a Military version of that. It's brilliant and I'm having to fight hard not to procrastinate too much from University work!!"
,Recommended,266130,13279364,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,TechyWhite,Just want to say this game is amazing! have been playing it for hours now. Bought it on sale! Very fun! I feel heartbroken when I lose a guy i leveled up because of MY dumb choices haha. Then to be able to reflect on their memorials. Entertaining!
,Recommended,266130,13308863,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Kingdom,"Okay. First of all, this game is HIGHLY addictive, be warned.But, there's some major problems with this game I've found personally.After levelling up my whole squad to 35+ and unlocking most of the guns..the game lost my save files and causes me to start from square 1 with a whole new squad.I don't know if that is a common problem with other people, but this has happened 3 times to me. The first two I was only just into the game so was only slightly annoying, but when I lose 10+ hours of gameplay, it is infuriating.Secondly, many achievements do not unlock first time. Eg. achievement to finish a map under 5 seconds. It took me 8 attempts till it finally registered that I completed the achievement.Tl;dr - I would recommend to get the game. You will get addicted to it. You WILL get very annoyed. And you may possibly lose all your hours of progress and get even more annoyed."
76561198119514143,Recommended,266130,13659455,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Do I taste Vegetal?,Breach and clear is alot like♥♥♥♥♥♥ You enter to quick and you get burned for it. Pull out to soon and the fun is all over. You have to work to get it right.
76561198093396393,Recommended,266130,9707572,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,skeptology,"a good game overall and really makes you think, it includes options to really make the game harder ( like a permadeath option), however i recommend it for people who like stratagy games/ puzzle games"
76561198091384242,Recommended,266130,9792944,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,HOWLFOALX,Great game lots of stratagy I highly recommend this you like stragtagy games.
,Recommended,266130,13230951,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,GhostSmooch,"N.B. my recommendation for this game depends entirely on the the fact that I picked it up for 4$. If I had paid full price for this game, I would probably feel a little more lukewarm about this. Now that that's out of the way...This game really shines in its mechanics. There is a strong incentive to be careful, plan ahead, and make the right choices in terms of tactics and equipment. Moreover, there are multiple paths to success, and the variety of maps makes it difficult to confine yourself to a single strategy.As compared to other turn-based tactical games (I'm thinking X-Com: EU in particular), the action plays out in a very satisfying way. Simultaneous movement of your troops and enemies adds a lot of realism to the game. The ability to choose firing angles along your path, rather than picking targets with hit percentages, really gives you the sense that you're in control, not the RNG. The cover system is excellent, with flanking angles being the default rather than an option. Stealth is a viable option with suppressors and a welcome addition to the game.Unfortunately, this game does have some issues. Most glaring, and something that puts a bit of a damper on the strength of the gameplay, is that the AI isverybad at adapting to you. I've often seen the AI deliberately take a flanked position en lieu of something which offered full protection. Higher difficulties do not seem to increase intelligence but buff enemies. Alert states seem a bit off, since enemies only really react to seeing you, instead of, say, being alerted when the person in front of them is dropped by a gun with a silencer on it.The most glaring flaw of this game is customization and the menu system. For a game whose selling point is massive customization, the system feels far more shallow once you actually delve into it. There are clear winners in attachments and upgrades, so you end up sticking to those when you can afford them. The menu system for upgrades is by far the worst feature of this game. Having to unequip each upgrade and then confirm the unequip so that you can switch weapons and put those upgrades back on is clunky and slow. Doing it once is bad, doing it for each of your four soldiers (and then back again after a mission) is torturous. In addition, the cosmetic features of your soldiers reduce to face gear and camo patterns. X-Com may not have the depth of this game's tactical play, but I felt way more invested in my individual troops in that game.Aesthetically speaking, the game isn't much to look at. The graphics are sloppy, but since you're spending so much time zoomed out, it hardly matters. What you see conveys what you need to know, and that's fine. Less fine are the sounds. I get that they're sticking to realism, but none of the sound FX seem to have the necessary 'weight', if that makes sense.TL;DR if this game is on sale and you need a quick fix for realistic tactical combat, this is a game for you. It's loads of fun for a little while and outshines its contemporaries in its mechanics. There are some areas that seriously require polishing, but if you can overlook those, you'll have a ball."
,Recommended,266130,13244536,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,The kid that everyone hates,"picked this game up on a sale for £2.74 and i have to say it is a great game, simple controls make it more of a casual simulator but the AI could be a little harder 8/10"
,Recommended,266130,13259912,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Necessary Gassing,"I bought this game during the black weekend sale and bought it just for another game to play for a bit and didn't expect to enjoy it this much 13.7 hours in 3-4 days is quite alot for me and I still love. theres quite a few upgrades, quite a few ways to customize your characters differently I just wish there where more missions :/"
,Recommended,266130,13265493,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Flying Shisno,"This is a great Squad Tactics, turn based strategy. When you load up a game, it'll ask you to make a Squad. First you choose what kind of Special Forces you want your dudes to be: US Navy Seals, Germany's KSK, Canada’s JTF2, UK's SAS, and if you get the DLC, you can play as the Green Frozen Synapse guys too. After that, you choose each one of your 4 guys portrait/face, which is pretty limited, and their class, such as weapon expert, medic, direct assault, etc., which governs what kind of skills you can use in game and what kind of passives they have. You can name your squad too.Once you're in the game, you have your squad move through the level eliminating terrorists. If you've ever played Frozen Synapse, moving around and killing is like that, but less in-depth. Click where you want to move, and where you want him to face when he get's there. You can click along his path and have him look in a different direction when he get's there. You can also have them throw grenades and other equipment if you've purchased them(more on this in a bit). You do this with all 4 squad members, click 'breach', which starts the turn, and they'll all do their orders immediately, shooting at enemies that enter their line of site. A 'turn' is pretty much 5 seconds, and clicking Breach will have them carry out orders and shoot people for 5 seconds before time stops and you can issue another set of orders Some have skills and passives, like the Weapons Expert has 'Suppressive Fire', which does what it says. The Intelligence class can see all around them, a 360° range of vision for a fairly short distance, about 5 feet. Normally, a soldier has  the standard 40°-45° cone line of sight in front of them(no distance restrictions), simulating a person's eyesight. The Intelligence class has this stanard 45° cone, plus a much smaller 360° view, which extends maybe 10-ish feet. This is great for when an enemy is in a place you didn't expect. Normally a soldier will turn around by himself and shoot back at an enemy that shot him, but that's a precious few seconds of getting wailed on. The 360° view let's the Intelligence class immediately start to turn around the second he enters his range. You'll still get hit since you'll still have to turn around, but the chance of dying has been drastically lowered.After each mission you get money, experience, and a 1-4 Star rating depending on how well you did,  Experience will level up a soldier, and when he levels, you can put 5 points into one of their stats. Each class has some stats all on their own, like the Intelligence Class has a stat that increases his 360° view distance. All Classes have some similar stats though, like all have a 'Moving Speed(distance you can travel in one turn). 'Accuracy', 'Health', and 'Reaction', which is how long it takes for them to 'lock on' to the enemy and start shooting. All stats can be increased to 100, and each stat starts at around 45-55. The type of squad, such as US Seals/German KSK/UK SAS/etc, plays in here too. Each type has a beginning bonus to one of their stats. I believe either the US Rangers or Seals starts with their Accuracy at 75. Each squad type has a bonus, and that bonus can pretty much aid in your preferred play style.As for money, You get a $200-ish bonus for completing a mission for the first time, and I think $200 per Star(rating), at least on normal difficulty(4 modes). There are other bonuses and penalties that reward/subtract too. Anyway, in the main menu there's a Marketplace, where you can buy new clothes, armor, helmets, weapons, all sorts of weapon attachments, and consumable items. Most of these items will offer some sort stat boost, like scopes increasing accuracy and armor(vests) increasing health. This isn't Door Kickers btw, where buying the gun once unlocks it for free use with everyone else. If you want your 4 squad members to wield that shiny rifle, then you'll need to buy that shiny rifle 4 times. I wasn't  mocking Door Kickers btw. I love that game too. If you're short on cash, and there's a particular level you like, you can simply do that level a few times to earn money. Just keep in mind that you'll only really earn money for the amount of stars you get on that run(4 max). So at most, on normal difficulty at least, you can only get $800 max, and you'll probably have some of that subtracted due to taking damage or taking too long. The prices are not ridiculous btw. They're not expensive, but you won't be buying everything in the first hour(or week).There are a good number of missions to do, and lots of gear and weapons to get and play around with. I definitely recommend this game."
76561198006883043,Recommended,266130,13271899,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Trucker Judd,"If this is on sale, grab it. It's really good for turn based games these days."
,Recommended,266130,13313167,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,MASSAH DOOMGUY,"Really good- Permadeath is really perma- and you get your own ""Arlington."" Pretty cool."
76561198127835637,Recommended,266130,13463820,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Insignificantly Spicey,"It's like SWAT the movie, but good."
76561198069065697,Recommended,266130,13703424,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TurtleTax,"Not a bad adaptation of tacics and arcade. Game doesn't punish you too bad for using genuine tactics. My only complaint is the lack of clothing options, rule one for any operator is look cool."
,Recommended,266130,13328936,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,cantal0Pe,"First of all, this is my first review, so if I wrote it in the wrong way, tell me how to write a proper review.Breach and clear is a turn based strategy game in which you control 4 spec ops troops and either eliminate all terrorists in the map, defuse the bomb, or get to the extraction point. There will not be multiple objectives in one mission.Pros:High Customisation. in guns you can attach lights, IR systems, sights, different triggers, and gas systems and muzzle attachments, note that you can't customize all of them on all guns. You can change the kind of armor they wear, helmets, etc.Not too hard (but not too easy)EXTREMELY enjoyableGood graphicsCons:Gameplay gets kind of dull, since there is very little plot (what you get is something like :A small group of terrorists have taken over a small american buisness in afganistan. Clear out the building)Extremely cheap voice acting (all the different special forces all have the same voice acting, Spetsnaz speaking english like americans, that doesn't sound right does it? Where are the SAS's british accents?)Voice acting lines are few and dull, when one of your guys is getting killed, I excpect him to say something like; I need support! Or something like that, instead, they say nothing.No multiplayer at all, I hope the devs are working on it, I'd also like a level editor or something like that.Overall I would say 8/10"
,Not Recommended,266130,18977669,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Truck58,Just sloppy. No real tactial element to it just walk in a room and tell your guys where to look. Door Kickers is a much better game.
,Recommended,266130,29946721,Posted: 15 February,all,Eldin | Skinhub.com,"It don't have the best graphicsYou will see things like guns passing through wall or other people and things like thatGameplay is thing that makes this game best turn based strategy i've ever played7 countries with 5 locations in each of themThree game modes: Terrorist hunt, Boimb defusal and Escape planThat is 105 missions5 difficulty levels (Easy, Normal, Hard, Elite, Insane)You start playing on lower difficulty, level up your soldiers and their skills and buy better weapons and gear so you can win on higher difficultyOnce you start playing you can't stop untill you get all stars on every level on Insane difficulty"
,Recommended,266130,13463958,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lucario2470 (awpmeister),"Finish the game, replay the game, buy badass golden guns 10/10"
,Recommended,266130,9608880,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,LozZA,"With its highly realistic tactics this game is a good Tactical strategy game, those comparing it with X-Com really can't because its not on the same scale. Unfortunately all the maps for each game mode are the same but its good for a Mobile port. The Gun mechanics arent brilliant and alot are just different variants of the same looking M4 however, I have enjoyed playing this game. I really hope that the creators keep updating this with new content as they did with the mobile version."
,Recommended,266130,10049746,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,CanadianPenguin,Great game!
,Recommended,266130,9621582,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Gary,have it on all platforms and i couldnt wait to buy this game. and it was a good game with more and new things in this game it could make it even more better
76561198118958395,Recommended,266130,9991556,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,.ICE,Awesome.
,Recommended,266130,9603282,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Mr.B,Interesting for about 10 hours. After that you have unlocked everything.Note that there are no story. And there are a few bugs in the early game.6/10
76561197998934643,Recommended,266130,9936579,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Rusty and Clark Griswold,This is the gold nugget of games.  It is low key but terrific.  Buy it now.  I am totally hooked.  A simple but clever game that will keep challenging you at every turn.  A must buy.
,Recommended,266130,24100143,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,truthwarrior,"Plan your turn and hit execute. Customize your team with how they look, what they bring, and how they act. Nothing negative to say."
76561198059175402,Recommended,266130,9600327,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,M_Helder,"Finally, a quality-built tactical game for PC.Breach& Clear is a perfect blend of XCOM & classic Rainbow 6, so fans rejoice!Graphics 8/10.Gameplay 10/10 (outastanding!)Sound 8/10Variety 8/10My only gripe with it is that I've spent 9 hours straight playing through all the missions and I want MORE!Seriously though, in the current game market and for a price of 10$ this is a must-have."
,Recommended,266130,9597077,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Pillow Smeller,"I love it. Not only is it like Rainbow 6 and X-com it is also like Full Spectrum Warrior and X-com. Im a fan of such tactics on a micro scale to take me away from war strategy games such as Empire series, StarCraft Series, or Supreme Commander Series. I also like the RPG elements of leveling up your individual members and the arsenal of weapons and accessories."
76561198058216865,Recommended,266130,10051777,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Sev didn du noffin,100% of what the last MOH of honor should have been.
76561197993272889,Not Recommended,266130,32097430,Posted: 31 May,all,poltrojan,"Between this game and ""Door Kickers"" within 30 minutes; the alternative choice was much better than this game.  The individual team/shooters should progress itself with the game not selected leveling of choice."
76561198234947316,Recommended,266130,25792440,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ogrktalmtr,"Wow i've seen games that cost $60 that have less then this game does and I got it for less than $4. Graphics are below average, to be expected, but that's not why anyone is buying this game. They're buying it because it's an extremely fun, rewarding turn by turn strategy game that literally anybody can pick up and start playing. Great game"
76561197980860670,Recommended,266130,28823947,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dem19,"I played this game for a little bit and it's good.  Furthermore, for the price it can't be beat.  Pick it up, I like it better than Door Kickers."
,Recommended,266130,28121352,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,GameNinja,"Good, buy it only if it's on sale"
,Recommended,266130,29042054,Posted: 5 January,all,<(ASR)>Dauthi,Very detailed and indepth simulator only duped by its lack of options for customization and weapon selections.
76561198156616960,Recommended,266130,25778326,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Moccaflash,If you want to play turn- base game this is good choice.I think think game will develop to in the future.I'm wait for it.
76561197971583378,Recommended,266130,9620909,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Scoobz23,"Das Spiel ist eine gute Grundlage benötigt aber deutliche verbesserungen. Man kann auch sagen solide Basis, ausbaufähig. Im Grunde ist alles dabei was ein taktisches Spiel benötigt. Fangen wir mit dem offensichtlichen an:Grafik: Gemessen an den heutigen Grafikblendern mit bombastischen Effekten aber null Story kann das Spiel nicht mit halten. Die Frage ist jedoch ob es das überhaupt muss. Die Antwort ist nein. Das Spiel hat eine vollkommen ausreichende Grafik die natürlich auch vor dem Hintergrund betrachtet werden muss das das Spiel aus dem Mobile Umfeld geported wude. Sie ist recht schlicht aber dennoch vollkommen ausreichend um das nötige so darzustellen ohne das man gleich Augenschmerzen bekommt. Jedoch muss man sagen das es für Leute die nur auf aussehen Wert legen eine Fehlinvestition ist,Was sitzt neben den Augen? Richtig, die Ohren....Sound:Der Sound ist ebenso wie die Grafik recht simpel gehalten. Hier hätte ich mir einen etwas voluminöseren Sound gewünscht. Oft hören sich gerade die Waffen wie kleine Knallerbsen an. Die Umgebungsounds sind faktisch nicht vorhanden und auch sonst kommt nicht viel Abwechslung auf wenn man seine Operator durch die Level jagt. Um eine wirkliche immersion zu erschaffen und den Spieler eintauchen zu lassen in die Welt der SOF´s wäre eine tiefergehende Soundkulisse wünschenswert.Spielmechanik:Das Konzept dieses Spiels ist irgendwie rundenbasiertes point & click. Wer allerdings ein neues  JA erwartet wird wohl ein wenig entäuscht sein. Im Grunde hat man nicht allzu viele aktionen zur Auswahl. Der Vorteil darin liegt dann sicherlich das man recht schnell in das Spiel findet. Das Tutorial erklärt kurz, knackig ausreichend die Steuerung so das man nicht erst ein ewig langes Tutorial absolvieren muss um endlich loslegen zu können. Man merkt dem Spiel eben seine Herkunft an. Für den OC hätte man hier sicher noch einiges rausholen können. Z.B. kann man zu beginn eines Levels Zugangsladungen oder die Schrottflinte nutzen um Türen zu öffnen. Danach geht das nicht mehr, zumal auch alle Türen auf sind. Man hat zwar ein Dietrich aber keine Entry Tools wie das Haligan etc. Das Spiel wirkt dann oft ein wenig lieblos und gerade in Bezug auf den das Intro in dem es als das Trainingstool für Spezialeinheiten vorgstellt wird kommt man sich ein wenig veralbert vor. Das Ausrüsten der Operator ist manchmal ein wenig umständlich dafür kann man aber jeden Operator anders konfigurieren so das keiner aussieht wie der anderen usw. Jeder Charackter hat ein Levelsystem. Wenn man hoch Levelt bekommt man Fähigkeitspunkte mit denen man die Jungs trainieren kann. Zusätzlich werden alle paar Stufen spezielle Features freigeschaltetContent:Der Inhalt ist für den Preis vollkommen ok. Man hat eine gute Auswahl an Level und Ausrüstung. Alle Level kann man in 3 Modi spielen. Die Level sind in ""Kampangen"" verpackt die nach Ländern geordnet sind. Jedes Land hat 5 Level. Dabei sind u.a A-Stan, Deutschland, Mexiko, Komlumbien, China, Türkei. Die Level weisen verschiedene Schwierigkeitsgrade auf und haben unterschiedlich Ausmaße. Die Levelgröße hat auch Einfluss auf die Ausrüstung die Eingesetzt werden sollte Die Ausrüstung die man zur Verfügung hat unterteilt sich in Waffen, Waffenzubehör, Bekleidung, verbrauchbare Ausrüstung und Körperschutz. Hier gibt es dann auch nochmalige unterteilungen. Jedes Stück equipment kostet im Spiel verdientes Geld. Somit kann man mit der Zeit seine Chars immer bessere Ausrüstung kaufen usw. Die Operator kann man aus verschiedenen Gruppierungen nutzen. Jede Einheit hat ihre Vor- und Nachteile. Der Rest ist dann eben persönliche Vorliebe, Wie man sieht ist der Umfang durchaus angemessen für den Preis.Fazit:Das spiel ist für alle taktiker von interesse. Man sollte jedoch nicht zu viel erwarten denn es wird schnell eintönig da einfach zu wenig möglichkeiten bestehen. Vielleicht sehen wir im zweiten Teil, insofern es einen gibt, ein paar verbesserungen die hier eben noch fehlen. Noch wirkt das Spiel an vielen stellen zu steril und gleichmässig. Leider gibt es auch keine Informationen zwecks der Modbarkeit. Wir lassen uns überraschen.MFG"
,Recommended,266130,9602952,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Mondale,Lots of fun.  Lots of customization.  Nuff' said 10/10
76561198063316342,Recommended,266130,11021636,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Crumb,"This game is awesome and extremely addicting. If you don't feel compelled to max out your squad and play through each mission type, your doing it wrong. It's very satisfiying once you have your silent hit squad clearing rooms and making criminals second guess their choice of proffesion. Sadly it's too late for them."
,Recommended,266130,11313877,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,boilingwater,"I really like this game, pretty fun and the mechanics aren't too hard yet don't sacrifice the soldiers versitility. Also the soldier customization and squad building is pretty fun. That being said though, the difficulty spike in-game is very extreme once the campaign takes you to Germany. That being said the strategy component is fun and this game is worth the money"
,Recommended,266130,13213953,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Caviar,"game is really fun with bunch of upgrade, just wish there's more levels. worth the money at discounted price :D"
76561198046449895,Recommended,266130,13256061,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,YungThotter,You're not tactical enough for this. Go back to Planetside.
,Recommended,266130,13265001,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,linuxpunk,"In spite of this being ported from Ipad/android, it's a good game, more or less complex.+ Nice concurrent turn based close combat strategy (reminicent of Frozen Synapse)+ Nice looking graphics, still light enough to run in any system.+ Great tactical gameplay.- For game design reasons, you only use american guns, even when playing with german or russian squads. (No H&K, no Kalashnikov!!) This is built into the game, since guns are level-locked and unrealistically upgraded. Not a bad thing in itself, but game breaker if you are a gun nut like me.- It ""feels"" like a tablet game. Again, not necessarily a bad thing, but comes a little short in game mechanics compared to other PC tactical squad based games. (YES, I mean the old JA2)- Uninteresting, ""story"". Just same old ""kill the terrorist"" plot, no much background. Which isn't all that bad, but the combat mechanics are so fun, one can but wonder what a bigger game with similar combat will be like. EDIT: Wonder no more, breach and clear DEADLINE is out.8/10 will clear the room again."
76561198023507159,Recommended,266130,13023619,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,the.grognard,"This is a unique game covering specific skills with a refreshing game dynamic.Some people might not get it, but I love it."
76561197971261464,Recommended,266130,12747744,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,seraph144,"Excellent game. It starts off simple, but I found myself increasingly drawn in. The different game modes add a lot of replay value. Definitely worth the $15."
76561197981513624,Recommended,266130,13275488,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Hyper,If you were a fan of the old school SWAT games and like tactical turn based then you will love this game!!
76561197969436135,Recommended,266130,12128292,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,[eFz] Storm,"Simple mechanics but in-depth strategic gameplay. Reminiscent of Laser Squad from days of old. It also harks back to Rainbow 6 planning phases. You'll also like this if you liked Frozen Synapse, the DLC is a collaboration between the two developers. Great value for money."
,Recommended,266130,13072478,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,ReinBork,"10/10I loved the old Police Quest: Swat games, Jagged Alliance, XCOM, Door kickers, Dead State, Omerta, Shadowrun etc etc and I can say that by far this is my favorite plan-n-play style of game.The only thing that would make this game better in my eyes  would be the ability to pause anytime you want and change the tasked orders. (Like Door Kickers or Jagged Alliance 2 Back in Action) It's a bit more realistic when you can pause and give your squad new commands instead of watching them take 10 bullets in the back before dying because you forgot to set a squad member to check a corner or an enemy pops out of a door right after you pass it."
,Recommended,266130,11842226,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,iznotacat,Good Game.8/10
,Recommended,266130,12636383,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,[TZS] FALLEN,I have been playn this game for a little while now. Wish I would have started play'n it alot sooner. Its awesome IMO. The game is easy to pick up and learn. Its all about loadouts and team tactics in a SRT/BC format. The DLC is kinda what ever but it is a must if you are going for 100% achievements. The game is highly replayable and has some semi tough difficulty settings. Silver (the game currency) is a little hard to make a ton but once you getr your first team/squad to all rank 30 its not to bad. The game also features a hardcore mode so when you die ....well your dead I for one like this feature in alot of games. So if your looking for a diamond in the rough its safe to say pick this game up.
76561197971724802,Recommended,266130,23770642,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"I'm kinda torn on Breach & Clear. It does some things right, but it is also lacking in other ways. It manages to deliver a solid tactical experience against a backdrop of beautifully rendered (and diverse) hand-crafted maps.At the end of the day, however, I had fun playing Breach & Clear. It managed to genuinely entertain me. I'm just glad that didn't pay full price. I'd recommend you wait for a sale and do the same.THE GOOD- Challenging- Tons of maps in each mode- Customization optionsTHE BAD- Presentation- Lacks depth6/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE |OKAY| GOOD | GREAT | AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,266130,10787833,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mint Isobel,This game is amazing. Totaly worth your money. It has so much manuverability and so much to do. I highly recommened this game to anyone who wants a game thats tactical and modern military.10/10
,Recommended,266130,9590739,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Uthanar,"Great turn based tactial game!  You can create a number of squads from different real life special forces units.  You earn money thru doing missions, and as you complete more missions you unlock more weapons to use.  The teams are fully customizable, and the soldiers level up with an RPG element.  Overall a deep game with lots of replay value for $10!"
76561197994073969,Recommended,266130,9589419,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Captainslow,"I played the mobile version of this game because I couldn't wait for the PC version to come out.  Now that it has and I've played it, am I satisfied?  Oh yes.  Yes I am.This version is even better than the mobile one!Think of this as XCOM meets Rainbow 6.  You start by choosing your squad from amongst the world's best special forces.  Then you get to go into the missions, planning each stage, and then hitting a button to watch it all unfold in front of you.  Went by too fast?  Then just watch the instant replay.  The ability to improve the skills of your operators is also a nice touch.  Makes you really start to care about them and their welfare.Love the customization of weapons and armour, too.If anything, this game is priced too low.  Yes, I said too low.  I would have paid 30 bucks no problem.Well done, Mighty Rabbit!!"
76561198121975294,Recommended,266130,30267710,Posted: 1 March,all,erick,I enjoyed this game. I got it cheap however it was still fun. The game play is simple to get started but not so easy to be uninteresting. Other than that it is exactly as described.
,Recommended,266130,9590040,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Your Mother,This game made me hard
76561198085517079,Recommended,266130,14642067,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,thebestsewer_rat91,I am changing the reviews amount from 666 to 667 so its not the devils number.
,Recommended,266130,9598714,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Leonihtus,An amazing tactical game where thought of cover but also covered vision is a tough before going straight into a breach. Plus not to mention perks and such the longer a squad is together (considering you can toggle perma death to get more risk but more exp). A fun and worthy game to try out for those who love tactical thought of shootouts.
76561197963555405,Recommended,266130,9600434,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Allan,"If you love room clearing, you need to get this game - currently the most authentic one out there!"
76561198140882857,Not Recommended,266130,29732318,Posted: 5 February,all,MythBoy,"First off, graphics. Now I know graphics don't make a game great, or terrible, but the graphics here are the same on mobile. Don't expect anything super pretty.Onto the game itself, the gameplay is very addicting, satisfying, challenging, and fun, as you go through a variety of different situations in multiple locations. There are multiple CTU's to choose from like the JTF2 (thanks for adding that btw) and the SAS along with a bunch of American CTUs and the Spestnaz and some German one that I can't remember the name of.There are also multiple guns, attachments, and perks, with six different classes and various things to upgrade.Now my main problems with this game are the small bugs. I've had a few soldiers downed because the A.I shot a long range wall bang (one end of the map to the other, specifically happening in the Germany campaign) and also when a terrorist dies, the body of the terrorist sometimes goes through a wall, which for me, greatly breaks immersion. I've also seen bullets fly right through people without doing any damage. I've experience multiple crashes and lock ups, but I found out that apparently it had something to do with skype being open (but i had my game deleted twice because steam).I still can't really recommend this unless it's on sale, as I'm sure there are other games that have done this better, like door kickers, which I have yet to play (but from what I've seen it looks better, not just graphically, but gameplay-wise as well). If the dev team ever updates this again, maybe fix a few bugs and update the graphics so they look better than on mobile, or add steam workshop support for custom levels and gameplay and graphical tweaks.UpdateI havent had a problem with this in the earlier missions, but sometimes ur character will not do what you ordered them to do, usually resulting in the death of a teammate. I also found out that syncronizing moves (such as one squad member flashbangs a room and another then clears it out, cannot be done in an efficient way) isnt possible.Also pretty much all the guns are the same. There are assault rifles, a P90 sub machine gun, maybe one or two marksman rilfes (semi-automatics), three shotguns that are only affective in the right situation, ONE sniper rifle, and ONE machine gun available. everything else is an assualt rifle, WHICH ALL FEEL THE SAME. The other guns dont even matter once you get the TAR assault rifle as it pretty much wins u the game. Also the MG kinda sucks as it fires rapidly dealing maybe 5 damage if u even hit the person but then again the time for moving lasts like 10 seconds which isnt enough time to kill one guy, making it ulitmately unsatisfying."
,Recommended,266130,9595520,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Ungorn,Highly addictive and fun for a reasonable price.Now all im missing is the Swedish SOG and then its perfect!
76561197982484034,Recommended,266130,9596371,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,WarmongerNL,Supergame! It combines the old tactic planning from Rainbow Six games en the turnbased strategy from Jagged Alliance!A must have for every tactical gameplay lover!
,Not Recommended,266130,20674916,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,The Mother Fucking Major F R E T,"TL;DR get Doorkickers insteadFor five bucks more you could get Doorkickers which has better gameplay, way more unique levels+campaigns, more modes (hostage rescue, VIP escort, heists in addition to bomb defusal and just search and destroy), doesn't recycle maps nearly as much (to be fair Doorkickers does recycle some levels), an in game editor allowing you to create your own levels and mod support. This game is $4 on the Apple Store and the only difference (apart from it being on a PC rather than an Apple iPhone/Pad/whatever) it has in app purchases.Also, the developers have the guts to claim that real life Special Forces units use this as an educational tool for real life in the intro (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQjqhY6NPIQ). So your telling me that this game, which started life as an iOS game, is considered the 'Most Advanced Training Tool Avaliable', over Vitural Battlespace 1 or 2 (which was developed specifically for militaries to train soldiers), or even ARMA or just actually getting of your♥♥♥♥♥♥and doing actual training? I admit I have no back ground in the military but I'd bet my entire bank account that the claims made in the intro video is complete B U L L S H I T. If it wasn't for this claim, I would have probably just kept the game as I bought it on sale, but if the Devs want to lie to my face like that, I'm taking a refund."
,Recommended,266130,9591481,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Almighty1Samson,"I'm a really big fan of Full Spectrum Warrior games and found this pretty fun,  Way more basic from FSW but it is really fun and what I like about it, it is very replayable.  You can do each mission soo many different ways,  breach with all four of your team mates on one door or split them up on other door positions.  You can upgrade your loadout and change uniforms etc.  I really with FSW had this kind of option back in the day"
76561198049842394,Not Recommended,266130,13277598,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ju.keller86,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! I bought this with the Frozen Synapse DLC and I am not able to play. The very first shot to hit one of your team will cause the mission to freeze up. You have to go back to the main menu and restart and it all happens again once the first shot hits. I believe this is an issue with the DLC as I know someone with the game and not the DLC and they are not having the same issue.SAVE YOUR MONEY - this game does not work.
76561198058544253,Not Recommended,266130,14536829,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,mugwamp,"I thought this was a tactical squad combat game. To be a tactical squad combat game certain elements must be present. Such as the ability to change stance, from prone, to kneeling and standing, and receive modifiers to accuracy based on stance. Also select fire mode which also modifies accuracy versus rounds fired. This game has neither. Its very arcade. For those who played Brigade 7.62, or Jagged Alliance Back in Action, Soldiers at War, Soldiers of Anarchy, X com, Hired guns, Silent Storm etc... you will be disappointed. This is a 3D arcade game. Nothing more. My bad in a way for not researching more. But the pictures and vid files really make the game look detailed and tactical in a way similar to the games I listed above. But it is not, it only masquerades as a tactical 3rd person POV squad level game, oh did I mention it is very arcade?"
76561197970544858,Not Recommended,266130,14131097,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Shocks,"Dreadful, its like the first draft of a game. It does nothing new and what it does do is poorly implemented. Needs about twice as much content. There are much better games of this type out there."
76561198006773157,Not Recommended,266130,14633168,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,darwinian~nightmare,"Waste of Money. It was one of those impulse buyings, and one of those I deeply regret."
76561198028612886,Recommended,266130,17153915,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The_Crimson_King,"So I bought this game for $5. Played one full hour and am completely hooked! This game is Frozen Synapse with amazing graphics, in depth tactics, but minus the time manipulation.The weapon customization is very good. There is a large amount of weapons and attachments to buy with the in game money. Along with gear and camo.Your team members gain XP, and through leveling up you can customize each character to play as you wish under specific skills.All in all this is the best $5 I have spent on a game in a very long time, and I give this game a high reccomendation to those of you that enjoy a fast pace turn by turn strategy game."
,Recommended,266130,11288921,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Mutant_Dog,"Breach & Clear is an actual training manual for rifle-team leaders.  The scenarios are serious, realistic opportunities for you to learn how to set up a mission team, how to position them for maximum mutual cover, how to carry out a mission without loss of members of your team and a constant improvement of real-life skills from scenario to scenario.  I recommend this for SERIOUS military types who want to improve or develop abilities to lead and plan for real rifle-team missions.  A+ / 5*"
76561197961364104,Recommended,266130,11384984,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Thudler,"With twelve variants to choose from, Breach & Clear may just be the best M4 simulator out there right now."
,Recommended,266130,12243150,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,S_Blackheart,"finished 1hr of gameplay.  I would have to say   Y E S, this game is not only worth it but at a bargain!  Its fun, its robust, its quick.  Lots of options for customizing weapons, gear, and skill assignments.  This game has variety, personalization of colors as well as gear customization. If it had a multiplayer aspect to it, (as in someone plays the terrorists against you), then they could charge more for this game...  Just sayin  ;)"
76561197972176331,Not Recommended,266130,21134769,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Zlad,Epämukava pelattavuus. Nicht gut!
76561198034034637,Not Recommended,266130,13267554,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,greengrenades,"The very first mission will not start. If you google it, there are numerous post online complaining about the same thing. If you purchase a game then it should run, you shouldn't have to find any kind of work arounds. Don't waste your money."
76561198034780663,Not Recommended,266130,9792463,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,WaKa_WaKa_Penguin,Boring. Little to no strategy involved. Buggy. Was done playing after 30 minutes. Waste of money!
,Not Recommended,266130,15614614,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Watchtower,Whilst the gameplay is nice and smooth the lack of content quickly becomes apparent.A level generator or workshop compatability would greatly increase the games lifespan.I'd say get it on sale if you've still got a craving for fireteam tactics anyway.
76561198077449566,Not Recommended,266130,18040406,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,MrMeeseeks,"Fun but hollow turn-based tactics game which feels like a beta.Worth getting if it's discounted and you have a few hours to kill, but there's not enough here to mantain one's interest for long."
,Recommended,266130,14720693,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,XXVIIIbirthday WBS,"Going into this game I expected some random CoD cloning feautres. I was very wrong. This game is a very thinkful kind of game that requires startegy and logic. Its a very fun game, a very underrated game."
76561198008267302,Not Recommended,266130,13521085,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Zakus,"I don't understand why there is so much positive reviews, I can only explain this with fact that there is not much games like this, so people have very low expectations and happy to have any kind of game like this.This game has same problem, as all recent attempts to make remake of Jagged Alliance, or Brigade E5/7.62 High Calibre series game. Maybe even worse. Much worse.Dull models, dull art, dull animation, dull and ugly UI, non intuitive controls/UI. White standard fonts without outlining, in the dull gray boxes. Upon realizing mechanics of this game, that in fact it's very bad turn based game with square grid, and not smart pause planing game like previously mentioned - you will just hate it.My recommendation - if you want recent good game in this genre, you better go and get Doorkickers, they maybe be 2D, and look like some silly casual arcade/puzzle in a first glance, but in the end, it's much better looking game and playable game. It has its own flaws, but at least it's playable and fun game.If you want smart-pause tactical 3D game, get latest Jagged Aliance remake - it suck because performance issue, because it's sometimes unpredictable when things that happen are non-intuitive and not really realistic (acting not according to real life logic), and annoying in general, yet it's still better game, you can have at least some fun.If you want turn-based square grid tactical game, go and get - XCOM: Enemy Unknown (yeah, shame that this game is absolutely not even close by quality to XCOM, i would like XCOM quality game but more serious with little bit more realism, and without aliens, but about special forces... but no luck, this game is not like this).Now thinking, even Rainbow Six (the original one) would be a better game (you can plan your actions, and then just watch how everything goes), and even maybe more reasonable tactical simulation (wtf is with this intro, saying that this game is used by military to train? is this a joke?)"
76561198122329562,Not Recommended,266130,21804129,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Baiganx,"I really want to like this game. I absolutely do. On paper, it seems to have everything I loved from games such as Jagged Alliance 2. Turn-based, tactical, team building and more but..the game feels so dry. So utterly not fun. The battles feel almost a little too easy, without any real involvement. It doesn't draw me in, it doesn't feel like it impacts or changes. It just rolls through missions, the same music playing all the same time. No real sense of 'world'.I've felt a greater sense of fun from old NES games."
,Recommended,266130,9605746,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,falkowich,Really cool game..
,Recommended,266130,12182590,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,DMStewart,"I hate turn-based tactical games. But when they are done right (because most arent) they are great fun. Its a genre that requires special attention to many details. Breach and Clear does all of those details right...even in the weapons and gear customization sections; an entire section that I was happily pleased to find, use, and have it actually matter in the game.This was obtained for $6 on sale but I wouldnt be mad if I had paid full price. In conjunction with B&C I also purchased ""Recruits"", a aesthetically similar but substantially different game. I only mention that because I thought I was going to like Recruits much more than this. However, Breach and Clear is clearly winning right now. You dont have to love (or even like) turn-based tactical games to have fun with this. Highly recommended game that is from a genre I really dont like at all. Just to get me to play htis type of game is significant, let alone write a positive review!"
,Not Recommended,266130,13244328,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Pvt. Parts,when i go to start it up the screen is just black but i can hear the 1st video and then music.
,Recommended,266130,13223146,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Clinky,"Breach and Clear is not the kind of game you would expect it to be, walk into room, shoot things, kill things is what you would have expected to be doing with your time on Breach and Clear, but as soon as you begin the training mission it becomes very apararent that storm into a run guns blazing is not the only way to do things.You get to create a squad from seven different military forces (SAS, Seals, Spetznaz etc) and create the characters from scratch naming them and giving them a specific role within the team (medic, team leader, weapons sergeant etc) and as you play missions with them they earn XP and level up, you then earn points which you allocate to a specific skill tree on that character, relatively simple to anyone who has played a game about gear or character progression.The game is very user friendly, after playing the short 5 minute tutorial I felt like an expert, the key important features and commands you can issue to your squad are used repeatedly in the tutorial to get you used to them and the features that arne't reinforced are very easily and quickly learned, whether you want that soldier to go in that door or one soldier to throw a flashbang then the other storm the room and take out the hostiles, if you want to do it you can!Another feature that makes this game well worth the money (grab it for $3.50 now while you can) is the endless replayability, make new squads then replay each mission on the hardest difficulty experimenting with the different mechanics each time you play it!Overall Breach and Clear is quite frankly perfect, there is nothing wrong it in my eyes which earns it a10/10"
76561198054047504,Not Recommended,266130,16528974,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Masclins,"You have to create a squad from different classes of soldier. Sounds nice...They level up and that lets you customize even further your squad. Sounds even better...When a soldier dies you have to replace him for a Level 1 soldier, that totally breaks equilibria. Awuful.You can NEVER change your squad, except by forcing a soldier to die. Awufuler."
76561197991567851,Recommended,266130,9768718,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Fixxed,"A more challenging version of xcomm. Tactical strategy, ""once said then done"", based. It reminds me of dragon age with the whole order thing.So basicly, you tell your squad what to do, from the path they will take to the direction they will look and once commands have been given, you ""breach"" which is what your press to actually see your orders (and reactions) in motion.Strengths*challenging, since its real time after breach has been pressed.*interesting stats concept: noise, speed, reaction time, special (passive skill according to class) etc...*Extremely fluid and fast paced maps. This is definetly the most refreshing point when compared to xcomm.. (Enough of those 3-5 initial useless movement turns....)Weaknesses*alot of useless gear with no clear reason of why it is more expensive than the other.*developers seems to have a crush on special forces and focuses on delivering more cosmetic (look alike) items than actual gameplay. Btw, all my team, wears jeans and shirt... Dont give a #@#$ about looking like swat or w/e*Stats and %s could be shown more often and clearer.. Again it seems the focus is elsewere (clothing...)* no true reason to make money after 5 game hours... in otherwords, no true reason aside (ughh) cosmetic, for you to work on improving via gear, your characters."
,Recommended,266130,17166800,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Red Raven,
,Recommended,266130,19743879,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Squishmitten89,"Most complaints are the gameplay is too shallow, but all in all this is the perfect time waster if you're in the mood for something tactical. Missions rarely last more than a couple of minutes. Breaches require enough planning to be fun without being a pain. perma death if you are into that kind of thing. Or you can turn keep it off if you don't. All in All a fun game to pass the time."
,Recommended,266130,20126412,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Shadow©,Taking out Cartels as Spetsnaz using Mk18's is the best thing since German mercenaries in Vietnam.
,Recommended,266130,20473612,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Apollo,"A half decent game, mechanically speaking. Breach & Clear has a good turn based system in place that uses indirect RNG to determine the efficiency of your squad beyond your own choices.I play this muted, because the sounds and music are atrocious.I play it on the top-down setting, and still have issues with the camera.I play this using only a mouse because the game's controls are the clunkiest I've ever been subjected to.I play it very casually because it loses my attention within a half hour.This is definitely not worth the $16.99 it's listed at. It's just barely worth the $2.54 I paid for it. With polish, it would be a fantastic casual tactics game, but as it stands, it feels like the developers don't care very much about their product or its consumers.The positive review I'm giving this is generous on my part."
,Recommended,266130,19724768,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SwiggidyDiggity,"Lost my save data after 20 hours, happily re-started my profile. This is what a top-down tactical simulator should be. I'd like to see more games follow the critical thinking methods of Breach and Clear.10/10"
76561198048166558,Recommended,266130,20140288,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Wooha,Great game! It's a lot of fun to experiment with different team set ups and offers lots of gear customization.
,Recommended,266130,20202375,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kamikaze242,This game is addicting. I got it late this morning and I've played 5 hours virtually non-stop. It's so fun and really makes you feel like you're tactical af. Would recommend!
76561198024158262,Recommended,266130,28026670,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nick Stone,nice light duty game
,Not Recommended,266130,20026501,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ppincon,Simple advice: get Doorkickers instead. Much more depth and a superior experience.
,Recommended,266130,31900259,Posted: 22 May,all,SemiZeroGravity,"pretty good, wish mods where a thing"
76561198135463280,Recommended,266130,32170260,Posted: 4 June,all,Kobayashi✿（Pinkie♡π,"Already bought it on Iphone,here is a repurchase,i really love this game.12/10 best tactical game ever!"
76561198014517446,Recommended,266130,24114213,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Argentum,"It's something I start up every once in a while when I feel I don't have a lot of time. It starts up fast, the missions are short and it's good fun. Everytime I end up playing longer than anticipated and rarely do I regret it. The game isn't something I play consistently, but on an every-now-and-then-basis I enjoy it a lot. Definitely happy with the purchase. :)"
,Recommended,266130,13277783,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Sixty oz,"Its fun. Not very polished, but it really doesn't matter. It could use a little polish as far as selecting unit movements and where you want to face them/moving waypoints, but it is turn based, so it isn't the worst thing in the world.  Very highly recommend."
76561198095686578,Recommended,266130,12683818,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Not_Bruce_Wayne,This game at times can be a breeze but dont let that deter you from buying it. Many of the levels are very hard to get a perfect score on. it features four squad men and it is your job to take out the terorrist forces. easy enough. try it out yourself.
,Recommended,266130,11981770,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,N0MAD,"Bottom line is, that this is a fun game.The downside is that it lacks complexity and gets old pretty quickly.  Sure, it's fun going through the missions and leveling up your team in their respective specializations and getting them new gear - but then what?It's completely satisfying watching your team burst through a door and open up a can of whoopass on some unsuspecting misfits.One of my main complaints about the gameplay, which may be a bit strange, but here it is:  You can see almost everything.  The only thing I have to wonder about is where the enemies are standing and which direction they are facing.  Surely things could be more interesting if I had a kind of blueprint of the building, and some not-so-trustworthy intel about what objects and obstacles may be where.  There's no peeking through windows or tiny spy cameras to get a better idea of what's on the other side of a door - it's all just there and you know where everything is.I like the game, but I also want there to be more variables.  I know my team can breach and clear a room in seconds and shoot at anything that isn't themselves.  I want to make more decisions than stack order, and which door to open first."
,Recommended,266130,12126366,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Ahravi the waff,"Pretty fun game. I got it for 6 dollars but I'd definitely have paid the full 15 for it. The gear and gun customization is quite nice. Could be some more stuff to use but whatever. I like how the guys C-clamp their guns, they lean out and shoot from cover instead of stepping out, so there's proper tactics. Graphics aren't the best but the gameplay is there. Seems that sometimes my guys won't engage and sometimes die because of it, but I don't mind replaying the level to see what else I can do better anyway.For a mobile port (from what I've read), it's really good actually. I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,266130,12126243,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Rapid,"Frozen Synapse, just a little bit deeper, with infinite possibilities and with better graphics."
,Recommended,266130,12188776,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,SaeDus,"This is one hell of a game. 10/10. I love the strategy it takes to play this game; you can't just hand this game over to anybody and expect them to do great, there is a big learning curve that comes easily and will allow you to control every aspect of your characters. Not only do you tell your soldiers where to move, but also what path to take to get there, and what direction to face every step of the way. The character skills customization really allows you to get attached to your favorite characters and mourn when they die, permanently. The perma-death is an option though so you can choose how hard this game is for you and how strategic you have to force yourself to be. The controls are simple, but some of them you have to learn for yourself that the tutorial does not cover, like how not to open the door when you approach it and how to choose your path. Every mission earns you money and experience based on difficulty, speed, and overall skill and you spend that money equipping your squad with new weapons, attachments for your weapons, face masks, helmets, armor, clothing, and even the equipment they bring into the field. There are always multiple ways to complete a mission, and there is no set way of doing anything, you choose it all. I highly recommend this game to those looking for a great squad-based tactical game, to the fans of the XCOM and Shadowrun games, and anyone else who wants a game like this. If you want a typical FPS, control over just one character, or skill-less combat then I do not recommend this game to you."
,Not Recommended,266130,20738879,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,iamagiantcat,It's like door kickers but worse
,Recommended,266130,23538902,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ToRaBoRa,"Additive game, make me always play everyday and this game the only one war strategy game i understand."
,Recommended,266130,23797532,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,klklkl,Wow this is quite incredible. Blows X-Com and other TBS out of the water.
,Recommended,266130,10978143,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Speak Canto!,Pretty good strategy game
76561198020554800,Recommended,266130,19526361,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SizeDoesMatter,Great Game!! Needs more maps and more weapons and more customizing
76561198059643100,Recommended,266130,22524862,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,gorgoneion,"Recommended game that works well even if you don't have a top of the notch graphics card. As for now, one of the best purchases of 2015."
76561198021530025,Recommended,266130,28639094,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Grovmel,"It a ok game, a little above average in fun. It kinda gets old after some missions though and it feels kinda home made. This is one off the games that would get a 9 out off 10 if in the middle off the game something awesome happened. Like, suddenly a large army off wizards and trolls attacked our good earth. Something not expected and semi cheezy.6\10"
76561198136988873,Recommended,266130,22349255,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kalipsoh,Makes Russian Spetsnaz teamAll four soldiers have American Accents10/10
76561198304037248,Recommended,266130,26368231,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Jimbay,"Fun game, good value for the price"
76561198077172667,Recommended,266130,17573634,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,NoFaceSniper,"After playing 4 hours of this game, all I can say is that this is a good game, and I wish there were a couple more like this."
,Recommended,266130,19596667,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,อุอิ,Good Game
,Recommended,266130,16007925,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,KIMBOF1,"Breach and Clear is simple but great.Unlike Jagged Alliance, Breach and Clear is very simple but very effective at keeping your eyes glued to the screen.Kick that door down clear that room defuse that bomb and escape.Breach and clear provides you with a customizable Squad of 4, many different scenarios and a Store full of Guns, Armour, Cloths, Equipment and tactically advantages that you buy with money you collect from completing Scenarios.However if you do play this game consecutively you will eventually get bored, in order to prevent boredness play this game every other day to prolong your fun with this game.I really do recommend this game!!KIMBOF1's Score = 4.5/5"
,Recommended,266130,30311880,Posted: 4 March,all,Church,I had low expectations for this game.Its more enjoyable than most AAA games I've played the past few years.Keep up the great work devs an amazing game and alot of fun.
,Recommended,266130,17679633,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Fire Archer,It is very good when you get into it but you occasionally have all of your saves wiped clean and so you have to start again from the start which is not so good
76561197979961681,Not Recommended,266130,19398227,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,HexeR,"Boring, repetitive, and lacking any sort of depth or nuance.  Also, it forces you to grind repetitively to unlock basic gear."
,Recommended,266130,28440505,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Feels,"Fun game. It's not expensive either. You probably won't play it too long but it is fun. Kind of feel like playing it right now. It's far from Xcom's level, but it's still fun. The AI is pretty awful, and there's a lot of luck involved. It can be a really frustrating game sometimes. It has made me extremely mad becuase some levels are honestly just poorly designed. I play on the hardest difficulty and it is very unfair. I think the normal one is probably the most fun experience if you just want to have fun. I  like to kinda fight against games and see who is the stronger being.All in all, pretty fun game."
,Not Recommended,266130,21424522,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Reap,I dont think this game belongs on steam but it would make a pretty awesome mobile game.
,Recommended,266130,32516190,Posted: 17 June,all,IcyCyborg,Awesome game for those who like shooters but also a lot of strategy.
76561198378346310,Recommended,266130,32342540,Posted: 11 June,all,Shibe,9/10
,Recommended,266130,23443539,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,GrizzzlyWolff,Amazing realism and lots of decisions that could change your game.
76561198057216392,Recommended,266130,14957016,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,RadiantBoner,"Fun and entertaining! Usually i hate these mobile games, but it has good customization options for your soldiers and alot of content."
76561197989302342,Not Recommended,266130,20858103,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Andrei,"This feels like a port of a $1 mobile game, not sure where all the positive reviews are coming from."
76561198174453586,Recommended,266130,22835277,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,qwertyuiop,noot bad but could be better
,Recommended,266130,26752173,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ben,WATAFAK MOTAR THE THIS IS GOOD GAME
76561197967014774,Not Recommended,266130,26740320,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Butt Puppet,"I realize this is a port from a mobile game, but it just has no business being on Steam. ""Door Kickers"" is a much better experience if you want something similar to this. I got this on sale for $1.49 and I still feel like it was a waste of time. Disappointed. Was hoping for something similar to Door Kickers (I love that game) but was sorely disappointed by Breach & Clear. But maybe you'll enjoy it. Or just make the better choice and go with Door Kickers."
,Recommended,266130,20530992,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Pearls of Wisdom,Great game with vast weapons and clothing/armor options.
,Recommended,266130,20465103,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,mark.nau,Worth playing.
76561198067015085,Not Recommended,266130,20379803,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Siro,"Buy Door Kickers instead.The graphics are much less impressive than the screenshots.The controls are clunky and difficult to handle. The UX is really wierd and uncomfortable.It feels like a proof of concept more than a game.This is just not as fun or as creative as Door Kickers, and really not as engaging or pretty as X-COM."
,Not Recommended,266130,20650952,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MartinC,"All the excitement - awesome excitement - you'll get from this game will last 3 to 6 mission. Then it'll just get repetitive, boring and lame. It just seems unfinished. It has so much potential... but just that."
76561198139423931,Recommended,266130,20657065,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,generaljawbreaker96,"I bought this game on sale because it looked pretty interesting, and it turned out to be one of the best games i've gotten in months. I downloaded it around midnight and figured i'd play 15-20 minutes to see how it was, and it was 4AM before I knew it. The gameplay is turn based, but once you choose where you want your soldiers to go, it becomes almost real time until your soldiers and the enemy stop shooting. You can make 4 man squads from multiple different special forces from around the world. There's tons of weapon attachments to customize an almost equally large amount of weapons, along with gear, like clothing, vests, helmets, etc, and those give different stat boosts or penalties. It's a great game and I can't really find anything about this game I don't like. I would definitely recommend giving this a try."
76561197963664525,Recommended,266130,20665139,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Terkala,A good tactical swat game. Much smarter than other swat-type games.
,Not Recommended,266130,20339113,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Angry__Bull,Better on  mobil
76561198124534463,Recommended,266130,20429351,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Epsilon,"I gave that Breacher a shotgun, Breachers love shotguns."
76561197968128372,Recommended,266130,25065085,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,specter,"Simple and well done ""real time turn based game"" worth the price if you like tactical turn based games."
,Recommended,266130,12650704,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Semper Paratus,"Very well rounded game, fun to play very intense tactical play. I enjoyed every bit of it I have spent, though it needs a little more content and difficulty to unlocking items. It also seems to have low replayability with limited game modes and missions. But overall a good game."
76561198006612056,Recommended,266130,31755710,Posted: 14 May,all,frankjr_2,It's Very addicting and challenging yet not that difficult and fun to play.
76561198025423004,Not Recommended,266130,19425692,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,phil,"Kick in the doors, take the corners, cover all angles, repeat. Gets monotonous very fast."
76561198003651773,Recommended,266130,29733429,Posted: 5 February,all,-----------,Runs great.  No issues.For the current price it's a steal.
,Not Recommended,266130,31943852,Posted: 24 May,all,sxingxi,"This is not bad game, it's just nowhere near as good as Door Kickers. Door Kickers had me hooked from the first mission. Breach & Clear feels less polished, more tedious, overall less fun."
76561198121728839,Recommended,266130,21396906,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Communist milkman,Prosgreat featuresoutstanding soundtrack and audiogood customization aspectconsnot enough teams to choose frommissions are shortoverall 8.5\10
,Recommended,266130,35164817,Posted: 23 September,all,Woah Trippy,Get this game while it's a dollar! I haven't spent this little on a game before and felt this impressed.
,Not Recommended,266130,35192261,Posted: 24 September,all,Jonas,Got the game on a sale for about a dollar.The user interface and door-opening options made me uninstall after the tutorial and first missionI went back to Door Kickers
76561198115715795,Recommended,266130,22865260,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,i sell dank memes,Difficult but fun
76561198015450918,Not Recommended,266130,26231197,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kilik_CZ,Door Kickers are much better....for me...
76561198010934969,Not Recommended,266130,35231521,Posted: 26 September,all,504,"Complete garbage mobile port. Keyboard does not work and only 90% of controls work on mouse. Only paid a buck, and that is aobut all it is worth. Its a shame becuase I really liked this game on mobile. Buyer beware."
76561198046491083,Not Recommended,266130,17336883,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The Dark Lord,I bought this game during an X-Com phase. A big mistake.
76561197989224389,Recommended,266130,15443143,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Thundar,Easy to play and lots of fun!
,Recommended,266130,15455340,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,WaxHead Jed,This game is a fair bit of fun. I advise doing an Xcom and naming your squad members after people you know in real life.
76561197990312278,Recommended,266130,15767264,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Sapper,Good fun game to kill time.
,Recommended,266130,15795703,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,lonnieznewkirk,It's a great game...my only complaint is the constant screen repositioning when targeting.Reminds me of SWAT.
76561198115418286,Recommended,266130,15814249,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,The Führer Koala,Great game
76561198000917712,Not Recommended,266130,17526086,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,DarknessEyes,Rating: 1 of 10Maps are 2 VERY small and the gameplay is kinda basic.
76561198013724550,Recommended,266130,13818601,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,💊💉⠀+⠀👩👙⠀= 😍❤,"6 / 10TL:DR:You fight the so hated terrorists, muslims and extremists. A squad I created carry all islamic names.*ahem* joking aside... I didn't.It's OK. Makes fun at first but once you know the basics it will become boring over time, simply doing the same over and over again: Breach and clear.Pros:+ Create a Squad from a list of choices like the SAS, Spetznas, Seals..., which will have different bonuses on all 4 squad members alike.+ Create 4 individual special units in a squad, assign them their face, special role (Gunner, Leader, Medic, Intelligence...) which will gain again individual bonuses. Give them names in the end.+ Breach and Clear offers different tactics, which can suit any playstyle.+ As you progress through missions, your squad members gain experience points and level up. You can spend skill points for them to get better.+ 3 game modes: Breach and Clear, Bomb defusion, Escape plan+ Requires a good amount of thinking, planning and strategy.+ You can buy stuff from the marketplace to suit your squad members equipment with various attachments and stuff to gain more combat bonus.Cons:- The gameplay on itself becomes mediocre and simple --> boring.- So far I have unlocked a whole bunch of guns in the marketplace. Almost all of them are even {s h i t t i e r} in stats than the gun I started with in the beginning. I expected real rewards or at least sidegrades, not dropping downgrades."
,Recommended,266130,25857625,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,theBAILguy,1st Imprssions of the game...Really enjoyable and makes you think as well... Nice customization and upgrading of charactersFaily basic game but good funhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJabzaeugcY
,Not Recommended,266130,12148150,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,OL3,Too short gameplay without multiplayer3.5/10Buy Frozen Synapse Instead! 8/10
,Not Recommended,266130,26753032,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SoapyTarantula,"Like a simpler version of Doorkickers that uses turns instead of real-time. Unfortunately the amount of time a turn is, or what will happen during said turn, is never explained. As far as I can tell the turns end once all your characters are done moving.Its very much a weird mix of XCOM in the way your characters (or ""operators"" if you prefer) gain perks as they level up, and a weird mix of Doorkickers in regards to position and movement. The movement is controlled by the same button that moves the camera around, so prepare to accidentally swoosh the camera across the map instead of moving your unit a lot.The orders you can give your units are extremely simple. Move, move at this speed, look this direction, or use a perk/inventory item. That's all. There is no synching up actions to ""go-codes"" as in Doorkickers. I guess you could synch up actions by just doing them in the same turn but depending on the stats of your units things might not happen at the same time.Speaking of stats, you can slap all sorts of tacticool♥♥♥♥♥♥all over your units and their weapons. Each thing will affect the weapon or ""operator"" in someway, but it usually just ends up being ""+3 to Accuracy.""Probably my biggest gripe with this game is how hard it tries to be high-speed low-drag hooah operators operatin' operationally. From the intro cutscene to the voice lines to the unit photos it tries so hard to be gruff and tacticool that it just ends up coming off as comical, almost a parody. But I could only listen to what sounded like a teenager saying ""AREA SANITIZED"" so many times before it stopped being funny.This might be fun for an hour or so, I picked it up for 99% off. I couldn't see myself getting this for more than a few dollars."
76561198021177345,Not Recommended,266130,10190762,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,TumbleKy,"While probably worth the $4 on iOS, this game is certainly not worth the $15 on steam.  This is a second rate port of a mobile game.  The gameplay itself lacks depth, but tries to disguise it with a multitude of superficial weapon options.  Do not buy.  Frankly, it was more fun editing the game's text files than actually playing the game."
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,266130,14472701,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"I bought this game expecting something similar to old swat games. what a disappointment. this game had so much potential, but its so shallow...the squad building is pretty uninteresting and too quick, the missions are too straightforward and demand almost zero thinking ahead.The enemy AI is so dumb and so easy to kill all of them in every mission I played that tactical thinking is pretty much unnecessary. All the enemy ever does is get behind cover and stay there waiting for you to kill them or they run in front of you with gus blazing like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ madman.They dont try to flank you, dont try to counter-atack, nothing. And that, in a squad tactical turn game, should be the high point.so, if you would like a quick and dumb game, get this on sale. otherwise, stay clear."
76561198006048772,Recommended,266130,9593670,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Warr!or,Get this if you like XCOM
76561198061907645,Not Recommended,266130,13677568,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Arcade Wizard,ARCADE WIZARD'S REVIEWFUN: 3/5GRAPHICS: 3/5SHOULD YOU BUY IT?: NO
76561198011799526,Recommended,266130,12326675,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,TXReaper513,I really enjoy playing this game.
76561198106320034,Recommended,266130,9595306,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,wolfegang,love this game got it for my tablet first wouldnt mind if the table version got the aditional map pack and new wepons but still a great game.
76561198088631828,Recommended,266130,9607836,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,LandSurfer,"If you're an armchair general like me, then you'll enjoy this game.  It puts you in command of an elite group of spec ops soldiers where you make all the calls from selecting the team, equipping them, sending them into harms way, and then rewarding them (i.e. skills points, new/better loadouts, etc.) for successful missions. The game is simple and intuitive, but very unforgiving if you make a bad call."
76561198024813100,Not Recommended,266130,15841122,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Tone,"Well, this is a mobile port. For PC. Personally, I don't think those should exist.Controls are terrible, gameplay is interesting only for first 20 minutes, then it gets boring and repetitive."
76561198013361295,Not Recommended,266130,15933004,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,frechmax,"WTF ! YOU CAN'T EVEN CHANGE THE DEFAULT KEYBOARD CONTROLS IN THIS GAME !I have a foreign keyboard, thanks guys, game experience ruined ! Give me my money back !"
76561198072708858,Not Recommended,266130,22540468,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Laugenbrötchen,Worst XCOM Clone Ever
,Recommended,266130,27310953,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jacob ⚜,K.
76561198121144331,Not Recommended,266130,28276962,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,w0f000,Only has skeleton of a strategy game. No flesh or soul.
76561197999423205,Not Recommended,266130,31990314,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,Not really worth playing a second time.
76561198040020375,Recommended,266130,12681256,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,throbbinlove,"well worth the money,buy it"
76561198070328472,Recommended,266130,16269810,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Exocytosis,Fun game.
,Not Recommended,266130,24325506,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Hondamusprime,"Breach & Clear(AKA Waste of money)Let's get started:Notes:-This game is a mobile port to PC-Cheat Engine doesn't work on this-MicrotransactionsPros:-Can be addictingCons;-Guns are too easy to suppress-Graphics are poor-Music gets repetative-Not enough levels-Not enough variety in weapon types-Lack of customizability-OverpricedDo not buy this on PCOn phone the price is more ""fair""(Warning this game sacks your phone battery)"
76561198121015976,Not Recommended,266130,15564937,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,deathwing35,Worse game ever....it just crashes on me everytime.
76561198161427751,Not Recommended,266130,15682538,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,izuzu69,i hate how its a point and click game
76561198122248263,Not Recommended,266130,16067311,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,I AM THE LIQUOR,"This game IS fun, but it is plagued by many problems.First and foremost, in my 20+ hours I've found so many glitches, little things that aren't necessarily game-ruining, but are VERY annoying; especially if you're a perfectionist like me (I HAVE to get 4 stars on every mission). An example being my medic unable to ""stabilize"" downed teammates. That isn't game-breaking, but it gets on my nerves. Sometimes I find my team shooting in the wrong direction. For instance, if I send them to an area looking a certain way, and they happen to pass up an enemy, sometimes my guys would just shoot in a random direction, then turn back towards the enemy and shoot, then back forward. I'm not sure what the point of leveling up ""reaction"" when your team doesn't even react to certain enemies. There is no real-time changing of position or anything like that, the game plays in turns. This isn't bad, it can just be annoying considering the enemy can run/advance MUCH faster than any of your guys (unless you level up speed to 100). Another thing I noticed is once in a while one of my guys, despite me having set a path for him, does not move at all that turn.As other reviewers have stated, this game feels unfinished. It really bugs me when developers let known glitches (like the medic 'stabilize' glitch) persist within a game and then work on a DLC. I know that the medic glitch is known because I saw a Facebook post for the app version of the game with comments from the devs to a guy who had brought it up. This game could be AMAZING if more things had been added. I feel like ""Doorkickers"" nailed it with the real-time movement and the fact that you can switch tactics on the fly instead of being stuck with whatever plan you chose.As for the positive, the game has a lot of customization features, which I love. It almost feels like an RPG. You can name each member of your squad, choose their profile pic/appearance, then buy and customize ALL of their gear. It's really neat. I also love the star system (you get rated on your performance on a mission by stars--1-4 stars). It makes the game kind of addicting, and adds replay value. The mission locations are unique and on each game mode, you must change your tactics. The game modes are: Terrorist Hunt (basically just sweep a level until you've killed all the terrorists), Bomb Defusal (defuse a bomb within the time limit), and a mode where you escape the map out of an extraction zone (your men are placed in random parts of the map).The game is by no means easy (on higher difficulty levels at least). Sometimes my fully-leveled squad struggled to clear certain levels, which I like. Challenges are good and as stated before, add replay value. The main reason I dislike this game is because it has many unfixed glitches/bugs, and it just feels unfinished.Final Verdict: 6.5/10Buy this game on sale and you won't regret it. Don't pay $15 for an app."
,Recommended,266130,24496197,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,EnTeR,Good tactical Game :v
76561197991610654,Recommended,266130,9609101,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Aceritas,"More like a browser based game, than anything. Its fun, but it looks pretty cheap too."
76561197970820509,Recommended,266130,9611057,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Davross,"Outstanding game worth every penny.  If you like XCom style games, you will love it. 9/10"
76561198027422214,Recommended,266130,9612596,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,DorianGrayism,"It is a decent game for 7.99. I can see how it was a Iphone Game.Don't expect great graphics or amazing gameplay. It is just a turn by turn game.The good thing about it is that even if you play the same level again, your enemies will not be in the same positions. Plus, you can approach the same mission from multiple angles.I am not quite sure how someone could expect that it should be open world or etc."
76561198063476862,Recommended,266130,9614221,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Sand Moose,"Best Strategy game ive ever played, its different every time. Gets your heart racing when you neutralize 10 guys in 7.6 seconds across a 20m. area."
76561197991314704,Recommended,266130,9616340,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Sandwhich Style Sweet,"When I saw this on Steam I had mixed feelings. I bought the game for three or four dollars on my android in August. I ended up playing probably well over 20 hours in classes in my fall term. I did pay an additional four dollars for a Veteran support patches or two, and I got some sort of other micro transactions. Its good to see they have left this steam version and I hope they arent implemented. They also have the patches I mentioned missing so I would hope they add some of the seemingly missing cosmetics. I always would have liked a mechanic or atleast a way to link my android scores and content. The graphhics and frames are vastly improved compared to on my phone. The gameplay is still solid and very rewarding if you are in to tactics. Overall good game if its your kinda thing. All these negative reviews just don't realize 15$ is relatively cheap for a game ( yes im poor too whiners.)"
76561197996847938,Recommended,266130,9618316,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Mev,"An excellent ""Tactical Puzzle"" game,Not as complex as Frozen Synapse in terms of tactics that you can setup, but the presentation and customization is a lot better.Aware that this is on mobile, There are no microtransactions stuff, if there was on the mobile version it has been stripped out. All things are now purchased by an ingame currency you earn by playing35 Levels in total, all replayable in all 3 game modes.It is a complete game.Highly Recommended"
76561198007215808,Recommended,266130,9622106,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,wilky8771,great game hope more levels get added
,Recommended,266130,10803336,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TripleZer0,"Interesting game that is all about clearing a room or entire building, by covering all angles and making tactically sound decisions.The game is somewhat turnbased, each round has a planning phase where you give orders to your team which they then proceed to execute in real time.So far ive enjoyed it alot and you can certainly get alot of gametime out of it. And despite store page claims this game is not realistic, do not expect it to be.Dont expect anything more than this, apart from small tactical scenarios there is nothing else in the game.Noteworthy: You can completely customize your team's roles/equipment/clothing etc. which is quite nice.The game also has a great soundtrack with very epic tracks."
76561198042278666,Recommended,266130,9614276,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Feldwebel44,"One part Rainbow Six, one part X-COM, and one part Jagged Alliance! This game fills a very unique niche in the tactical genre. If you're tired of the ""Call of Duty"" style strategy games that keep popping up, this ones for you!"
,Recommended,266130,9614488,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,stryker1654,"As of now, there are two types of war game:Everything else, and Breach & Clear. A turn based strategy game that handles the turns swiftly enough to make it feel intense, Breach & Clear puts you through the ringer around every corner. After spending a day or more customising every single aspect of your squad (from face to name to clothes, weapons, armor, and more,) you won't ever experience more abject sadness as you will when one of your turns sees your guy get killed.  Featuring what they call ""Permadeath,"" when you lose a guy in this game, he stays down. Forever. His name, picture, and stats will be listed alongside all of your fallen warriors under the ""memorial"" tab of the main menu. Multiple locations and game modes, as well as different classes for your squad, see the replayability of this game stay extremely high. I would say 10 stars out of 5 if it worked like that. Since it doesn't, a definite 5 out of 5."
,Recommended,266130,9615298,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,CODENAME: SPASM,"Very simple, but challenging. I'm biased, though, because I'm a huge nerd for turn based military strategy games. I also like Xcom."
,Recommended,266130,9615324,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Yukigay,Fantastic so far. Lots of customization and missions to do.
76561198197491491,Not Recommended,266130,21682755,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,masterjedifritz,"games okay not for me tho.......look at my time played....if you think you can play for under 2 hours and get a refund, you are wrong................WARNING this company does not give refunds"
76561198033212961,Recommended,266130,9630761,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,CMDR Shepard,"I am loving this game.  Some of the attachments don't show as equiped in the inventory right now, but they are clearly assigned to the guns.  So far this is the only thing I've found wrong with it."
76561197997990303,Recommended,266130,9619034,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,-KGB-Calzone47,MAN SHOOT WHEN I BREACH A DOOR IN THE GAME I BREACH A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AT THE SAME TIME YOU DIG?
,Recommended,266130,9615046,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,やめて せんぱい ?!,"If you have money to spare, this is a good game to buy. its interesting, worth it with -35% promotion."
76561198006671939,Recommended,266130,9610689,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Alan-WOLVERINES!,This is /k/ approved. Buy it /k/omrades.
76561197967753432,Recommended,266130,9616370,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,r0ck1t,"Dude, this game. is. AWESOME!"
76561198072380091,Recommended,266130,14059633,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,whatdoesthisbuttondo?,"If you are looking for deep tactical gameplay (as this game is advertised), then stay away, you won't find that here.That said, the game still offers good casual entertainment, if you enjoy leveling up your guys and unlocking new equipment, give it a spin.Quick run-down of the gameplay if you need help deciding if it is for you:You first create a squad, you can decide between some well-known specops units like DEVGRU, SAS, KSK and so on. What unit you select decides the starter attributes of your guys, one will have their special ability trained up nice, other will have reaction time up, other accuracy etc.Then you run through the missions, and I really mean run, as once you discover the one tactic that works 100% of the time against the AI, you'll just breeze through. Not much depth here, and the occasional weird glitch with your guys running backwards or facing a wall for no good reason.Your guys gain experience, and you get money, so in-between you level up your guys (in the end, it doesnt matter much what squad you made, they'll all end up the same just look different), buy them some new weapons and gear.You can upgrade weapons to modify their stats, but here you'll end up again with all the same upgrades as there is one good combination.Sounds like not much, but it is a decent enough time-killer, pick it up when it is on sale.In case 3d is not that important to you, I'd suggest to take a look at 'Door Kickers', that one has tactical gameplay down to perfection."
76561198027727065,Not Recommended,266130,23637272,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,BlackSky,"Boring and repetetive, get door kickers instead."
,Recommended,266130,12081003,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Hyora,Great game but a bit too expensive for it
,Recommended,266130,29745631,Posted: 6 February,all,ENERGIA,nice
76561197994311164,Not Recommended,266130,13930242,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Battleseed,"It's a port from mobile. The enemy AI is kind of a joke and you have no way to tell your guys to hold fire. They spray lead at everything in their view instead of waiting to get in to a superior position. This often leads to them taking unnecessary damage and is tactically idiotic.Example: 4 tango with backs to entry point. Your team enters and opens fire as soon as they enter while moving to cover. They kill all 4 tangos but take damage in the exchange of gunfire. Had they held fire till in cover, they would be far less likey to take damage while maintaining their advantage of surprise and position.Game lacks ""go codes"" like Door Kickers does so well. In the planning stage, there is no time representation so you can't see how many seconds it will take to move someone to a position. No hold position/delay for X time command. No shoot at this target till threat is removed, then continue with plan. You can't pick which targets to shoot at so no way to prioritize targets. Therefore you can't tell your guys to focus the sniper standing in the open vs the shotguner in heavy cover who happends to be a bit closer.Another glaring problem is that every gun unlocked after the CTAR has not been an upgrade. Currently at 472 stars. Laughing at how many stars are required to unlock the later shotguns. Game is getting far too boring and repetitive to ever reach 1400 let alone the 2100 for the last rifle.From the Devs ""The higher star guns are more for 'prestige' than anything else. They were added as    a prize for fans who wanted something out of the ordinary, so they are camouflaged or Platinum/Gold versions of earlier guns.""Prestige in a single player game? Umm OK.No way to tell what is required to reach 4 stars on any given map. Every map and scenario has different requirements, but game fails to tell you what you are aiming for.  Use an item on one map, ok. Use the same item on another and lose a star but won't tell you are being deducted. Did I get 3 stars on my last try because I didn't make time or due to using an item? No Fn idea. Huge fail IMO.Not enough variety of weapons. One assault rifle after another. Outside of the of the P90, game lacks submachine guns like a variant of the MP5, MP7A1 or UMP. Guess this is due to the squads being military and not law enforcement. These are guns I would expect to find in the arsenal of a game that focuses on CQB regadless of the operators.Game is more arcade'ish than tactically sound. Glad I picked this up at 75% off."
,Not Recommended,266130,20464447,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Grounder,"Breach and Clear offers up a SWAT simulator that doesn't seem to bring anything clever, unique, or even charming to the genre.In my play-time, I felt I had already seem everything the game had to offer, and no clever level design decisions were going to overcome the stagnant gameplay. Get your squad to move up, always make sure they face corners. That's the whole game.I could see this being a viable Mobile title, but it just doesn't have enough value to justify the price tag. It's not awful, it's generic and overpriced."
,Recommended,266130,25053104,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Stellar,"Pretty neat little tactical game, there are however some ""little"" things that bother me, like no way to sychronize doings, I think it is pretty basic requirement in SWAT to do when attacking a room that have multiple entry points. Other thing is replay, it would be so much better with possibility to view replays from each character and also possibility to slow time and even maybe save replays. Also some gear lacking features and generally lack of them, like different camo's could have somekind of camo bonus if used in correct enviroment, and no sidearms/reloading, it could have been so much more! Anyway I can recommend this game for anyone who like their tactical games like SWAT, Rogue Spear and Jagged Alliances."
76561198264268158,Recommended,266130,22982971,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Laobi,First look at Breach & Clear with a free Ubisoft rant:https://youtu.be/pHW9SYu3jNc
,Recommended,266130,23692567,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Puddin',"I like the game, simply because it keeps me occupied. You get to be the team leader and guide your team through missions, you don't have to be able to use a gun for this, you just need good planning skills. I like it."
76561198079769509,Recommended,266130,23560705,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Hawk 754,"This game is REALLY cool! It's short fun and easy to play. Squads look great and the gameplay is solid and very replayable. B&E is like the board game version of CS:GO, except you always play CT. The squads are diverse enough to varry game play, but share the same basics to keep strategy similar on the same levels. Game is easily worth 10 or more hours of play and should is definately worth the sale price!"
,Recommended,266130,23631874,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,extreme midget,"A great Strategy simulation, love the fact that I can change the guns name to whit i want, for examply a pump shotgun to big blasta. 10/10 would play again.Points to improoove:a leader board would be appreciated or some sort of mutiplayer would really add some replay value to the game.But don't get me wrong the singleplayer missions are great  and can be replayed at different angles but it does get a bit boring plying by muself."
76561198006756264,Recommended,266130,9632146,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Edgewalker,"I have a blast with this game playing it at school, at work and at home to late night hours. It's nice to get something really smart, fun and challenging in the flood of overhyped easy-mode boring titles."
76561197970318466,Not Recommended,266130,32180693,Posted: 4 June,all,MooseRoom,"I should have listened to people. I got this game when it was less than $2, and yet, here I am feeling compelled to warn anyone who will listen.I've put in less than an hour in this game. Why? Because it is so badly designed that I can't even bring myself to boot it again. Let me give you one basic example: When you start the game, you are required to set up a squad. Before you even get to the menu. You have to pick people, roles, and loadouts before you've even touched the tutorial. So what, you may ask? Make a  test squad and when you figure out the game, you can revise.NO. You cannot change squads or edit them. And it costs you in-game resources to add new squads!What a ♥♥♥♥ing JOKE of a game that has that set up from the start. Why would ANYONE think that is a good idea?I regret spending $2 on this schlock. The developers deserve NOTHING for this piece of garbage. SCAM SCAM SCAM."
,Recommended,266130,9588978,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Irish Reactance HeadcrabRommel,"With the breif play I had, it was pretty fun. The tutorial could use some more work and add something for every type of action and breach. If you like turned base games but like to dictate what each person does while on the move, this is for you. I am an avid FPS fan and this got my attention."
76561198080345074,Not Recommended,266130,22816449,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DontGoJohnson,"Impressions of this game so far are not great.Controls seem more than a bit clunky and cumbersome. Graphics aren't great, it looks pretty brutal (for modern gaming standards) in my opinion. Similar games like Doorkickers use minimal artstyles and graphics but they definitely looked and felt a whole lot better/polished than Breach & Clear; Breach & Clear seems to try to look good, but doesn't really pull it off.Worse of all, I found myself bored within the first few minutes of opening the game. That doesn't necessarily mean that all of it will be, but I definitely don't feel invested the same way I was with Doorkickers.I bought this game because of the positve reviews and because I LOVED Doorkickers. This definitely is in the same exact vein, but so far hasn't excited me. I'm not going to count it out yet, but first impressions aren't great so far.I guess the gist of my review could be as follows:If you're interested in this game but haven't played Doorkickers, go buy/play Doorkickers.If you're still interested in this game and own/have played Doorkickers, you're likely better off to go back to playing Doorkickers..."
76561198147304817,Recommended,266130,23423891,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,BoosterNRG,"Not worth the price, so get it while it´s on sale."
,Not Recommended,266130,29767466,Posted: 7 February,all,Alex Potterson,"I found this game and was like ""oh, cool, XCOM-like tactics thing, i like that"". Bought that game, launched it up only to see one of the worst menus and UIs in history, quickly created a team of four (exactly same looking) Adolf Hitlers, completed the tutorial, realised this game is ugly as hell, got to main menu and for some reason achieved ""Star Player"" achievement (complete all missions with4 stars). Apparently,~65%of the players got it. And I only played it for 11 minutes. Good god."
76561198130514798,Not Recommended,266130,12123764,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"Yet another game where Linux support is buggy. Achievements are broken. As such, if you use Linux, I can't recommend this game until it's fixed."
,Recommended,266130,32087436,Posted: 31 May,all,XNyst,Great Game!
76561198014519063,Not Recommended,266130,34075559,Posted: 6 August,all,dantedamean,Really needs some work. For the best spec. ops. guys in the world they really need to learn how to aim.
,Not Recommended,266130,22309466,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,armjets,i would recomnend whiping with poison ivy before playing this game
,Recommended,266130,20787235,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NoodlePoodle,Great game. buy it... now!
76561198148436600,Recommended,266130,29591381,Posted: 30 January,all,Pleb (Raptor),extrimely operator and sometimes operator type glichy
76561198159977254,Recommended,266130,12619414,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,SPC-Hotski,"I really like the game! I would like it to be more like the mobile version though, the extras and ability to get more silver. Anyways, great game!"
76561197991932924,Recommended,266130,9615283,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Mr.One Shot Wonder,Great game Love it to death!!!
76561198026699383,Not Recommended,266130,33835268,Posted: 27 July,all,dheim,"a mobile port with awful graphics and a pisspoor UI. once the bad guys appear everything happens ridiculously fast, so ""action"" is confused and not the least rewarding.  if you've ever played to ANY turn based tactical game (X-Com style) you've already played to a better game, even if the choice of breech tactics and soldier skills could have made for an  interesting, realistic gameplay.the first mission lasts little more than 2 minutes, and grows old in less than 1.this is seriously one of the few games i uninstalled after ONE failed attempt at having any fun or interest. so mediocre and uninspiring that it hurts."
,Recommended,266130,10971373,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Cap,Barbie Game and Gunporn. Love it.
,Not Recommended,266130,9590854,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Vanguard,"Skip. No depth, clunky interface, not tactical."
76561198222733672,Not Recommended,266130,26191193,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,LOLguy123,this game was fun for about 2 hours there is not un of content. if you want a decent breach and clear game check out door kickers. my rating 4/10
76561198170075918,Recommended,266130,28890304,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Desert Ranger,Really fun.
76561198061913716,Recommended,266130,32181599,Posted: 4 June,all,Brett Changed your name,amazing
,Not Recommended,266130,17865599,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Professor Cupcake,"It's like Door Kickers but not as good.I'd recommend this if you can't afford Door Kickers. Otherwise, just play Door Kickers instead."
,Recommended,266130,9620127,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Corrosion,Good game. Really cool!
,Recommended,266130,12131891,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Nasa,spetnaz are baular as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,266130,17914906,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ZungleIF,"Bought this in steam sales, now I'm totally regreting what I did.The graphics of this game look like it has stopped developing from some point.Not worth buying at the price of $14.99.I thought this game is something like SOCOM : Tactical Strike but nah.idk why this game is rated ""very positive""."
,Recommended,266130,26103490,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Look At Me![TH],.
76561198309601956,Not Recommended,266130,25953086,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Storm,Definitley not very entertaining. It was on sale and i bought it but still the graphics are terrible and the gameplay doesnt really feel like you need to be tactical about things just click and your soldier does everything else how boring. gonna get a refund on it if i can
,Recommended,266130,29661515,Posted: 2 February,all,Dave Mustaine,Great.
,Recommended,266130,29710936,Posted: 4 February,all,Anime Squishy Oppai,2Tactical4Me3Strategic5Me4GG6Me
,Recommended,266130,9616363,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Bungd-up,"Just bought the game, REALLY enjoy it. Hopefully releasing onto PC means that you'll be supporting mods and adding more content for PC users. That said, as glad as I am that I bought it, it looks like it'll dry out pretty quick in the current state. Even starting with small things like expanding the marketplace content would go a long way. There aren't that many guns, and once you unlock all the weapons there's not much motivation to keep playing missions for the mission credits to buy things for your squads. As well, things like Multiplayer, a Level/Mission Editor and custom Campaign planner, Workshop Support, to name a few things, would all be very welcome additions. And probably necessary ones, before too long.Otherwise, this is a solid foundation from which to work. Definitely worth the $10.00 I spent on the sale price, though I wouldn't recommend paying the full tab for it. Not -yet-, anyway.Also, just on the side, please fix the CADPAT pattern. It looks more like AOR2 than CADPAT TW. I have my set hanging in the closet right next to me and there are none of those big off-white splotches you guys have textured it with."
76561198044540462,Not Recommended,266130,23662805,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Wolf,not as good as door kicker and did not look like pic on store pag and had a stupid tutorial that was so boring and long wood not buy agian
76561198035193852,Recommended,266130,33050457,Posted: 30 June,all,JakeQuon,Fun
76561197975291280,Recommended,266130,29642803,Posted: 1 February,all,ColMustard,fun and simple
,Not Recommended,266130,25712889,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Poofie Love bird,"This game has been abandoned, and is UN-finished."
,Not Recommended,266130,22243184,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Microsoft Excel,"Shoves US military propaganda down your throat. I just wanted a SWAT-like game, not something that goes to fill the military budget even more. Sickening"
76561198032554693,Not Recommended,266130,17530088,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Daemonin,No nationality - you can choose any nationality and get same equipment and guns. I dont like such inaccuracy.
,Not Recommended,266130,29596819,Posted: 30 January,all,Rhed,"Horrible port of a mobile game. Unweildy controls, horrible AI, annoying soundtrack. you're better off huffing paint, because at least you'll be too high to want to kill yourself because of this game.Not even worth the $1.50."
,Not Recommended,266130,23762800,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,reason,"wanted to buy doorkickers, unexplanable confusion resulted in acquiring this title. mistake"
76561198098515425,Recommended,266130,32058180,Posted: 30 May,all,Hobbly,^_^
,Not Recommended,266130,35116854,Posted: 21 September,all,Mechy,"so the game its self looks very rushed and low budget. animations are unrealistic, the game play is very easy, ofter getting one upgrade for all my guys i easly beat 2 chapters in less than an hour, the game is bugy in some places all enimes hold ak47s yet they sound like shotguns sometimes,and the voice acting sound like your genric soilder man. plus a lot more it feels like a ripoff of xcom that is aimed towards thier causle adeince."
,Not Recommended,266130,13205317,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Proto-Chicken,This game is the same as X-Com
76561198087996378,Not Recommended,266130,35116945,Posted: 21 September,all,Seal Team 6.5,I was excited when I started playing this game.... until It crashed every time I finished a mission. It's broken and don't waste your money on this since the developers apparently thought turning a good idea into a zombie spinoff was a good idea.
,Not Recommended,266130,29637443,Posted: 1 February,all,Dracgnar,"It isn't worth it, even at 90% off"
,Not Recommended,266130,35159475,Posted: 23 September,all,fr33k,meh
76561197970695212,Not Recommended,266130,13114217,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,DarkMirage,Buy DoorKickers. This game is a huge disapointment even more so due to the price.
,Recommended,266130,31877249,Posted: 21 May,all,Hydrus BlaZe,Breach & Clear. Umm no thank you. Im going to put a shotgun in my mouth instead. Good by gaming 2073.
76561197993388602,Not Recommended,266130,29410323,Posted: 21 January,all,shigbert,Not good.
76561198358645468,Not Recommended,266130,33685753,Posted: 20 July,all,firealpha5,the game isnt great purchased this by accident not fun
,Recommended,266130,31519653,Posted: 3 May,all,Jonttunen,I don't even know what this game is.
,Recommended,266130,26691582,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mclane,it's like x-com but instead of invading aliens you have to defeat invading muslims and pakis! breach their corner shops and kill everyone!
,Recommended,266130,19152547,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Red210g,Badass tactical sim rts style.
76561198031075215,Recommended,266130,19139402,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,superheronation,Highly recommended.
,Recommended,266130,19133190,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Paban,Very fun and addictive!
,Recommended,266130,19207562,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Nacho,Want a 3D door kickers with more vanila customization options and no annoying enemy armor?Look no further
76561198059059017,Recommended,266130,18879265,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Snuffy,simple stupid fun.  Great game to mess with when you don't have time to play much.
76561198063417827,Recommended,266130,18980664,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Conscript900,"In memory of teary, Level 10 spetznaz breacher.Yeah go buy the game quit searching reviews!"
,Not Recommended,266130,16303472,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,mrmcmo,Its a fun and challanging game. Unfortunatly I finished it in under 6 hours.If you want two afternoons worth of fun this is your game. If you want something you can play for a longer time then I suggest you look for something else.I wouldnt buy it again. Unfortunalty I cant get a refund anymore because I played six hours......
76561198084211887,Recommended,266130,18914641,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,INS SWD Ghost,"A tactical gaming must have!!! Plain and simple.Having originally started out on Doorkickers as my top-down squad based tactical game, I can safely say that Breach and Clear is a top quality game. The customization abilities for tactical and appearance benefit are the hallmarks to B&C. The idea of ungradable skills based on mission performance is a nice touch, making you really think your moves before you breach a door (pardon the pun!!).  I could keep rabbiting on about B&C, but I think you'd be much better off getting the game and seeing it for yourself."
76561198063127952,Recommended,266130,17919651,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,swiftriverred,"Fun game but a little rough around the edges.  It feels like a beta test version, not the polished final version of the game.  However, it is enjoyable.  Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,266130,19256953,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Nobistik,This is my mindless fun go to game right now. Defintely worth the couple of bucks I paid for it but don't expect much out of it (Got it at 75% off and would pay full price).
76561198199508413,Recommended,266130,19420170,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Demon99,This game really makes a person think about what actions should be done before entering a room and making sure your team makes it out alive. Its like watching a movie that but with better actions being done.
76561198098989483,Recommended,266130,19215689,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,tims4given,"It's not a 10 of 10, but it's definitely worth playing. The upgradeable weapons and flexible outfitting are DEFINITELY an attractive feature."
,Recommended,266130,19193984,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Athested,Super tahovka. Na to ze tento zanr me nebavi tak tahle hra me neskutecne chytla.
76561197970681453,Recommended,266130,19333290,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tintron,I own this game on vita thus few hours on steam but i have had experience with this game and let me tell you it is good. For the content i would say wait for a sale unless you are really itching to play a good game cause it is a bit small
,Recommended,266130,19448879,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,havocsupremecy209,Brilliant
76561198011513677,Recommended,266130,19431420,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Southiesox,"Love this game.  Had it on my phone but lost all the progress when I changed phones.  Plan, then see how it turns out.  Watch your corners and angles.  Really nails small unit tactics.I also bought the Deadline addition.  Having never played it I was not sure what to expect.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The ability to stop and start action by pressing the space bar is smart.  Good game and well worth the price."
,Recommended,266130,9656525,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Task Force 131,It is cool game . if you like the strategy tactical games this one in one of the best .graphic 8/10sound 9/10AI 7/10developer team works 6/10
,Recommended,266130,10364057,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,SkiesofFire,"I recommend the game HOWEVER it needs a balance patch. PDW or the P90 is too easy to use, just add a -0.2 gas system and you get the fastest rate of fire in the game which is 0.01 ROF. I mean who cares about the -30 accuracy when you can just spray like a noob =) and steamroll room after room. Also, snipers are WAY too underpowered, low dmg when it hits, low accuracy at long ranges. stats should be increased twicefold to like 150 ACC and 200 DMG(around 2 hits long range and crits close range?) which makes this the lowest DPS in the game and hense the worst gun in the game. If you are only going to get it for supression on the germany maps, i mean theres no point since in 5-6 moves my team will probably finish the game by then. Shotguns should also have their dmg increased since they are also rather weak due to low ROF. you should remove the birdshot feature(cone dmg to room) and go with buckshot. perhaps like a high dmg close range to justify the worth but i guess overall right now its usable.(perhaps intended feature for clearing crowded rooms? useless when shooting on the move and turning a corner, able to get one shot off before enemy takes him down.) Anyways looking aside these recommends, a good game!"
76561198074794154,Recommended,266130,10364609,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Guns up,not bad at all 7/10
76561197985308363,Recommended,266130,9785484,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,lelouch spitfire,pretty good and around the time of this review still getting updates which is nice and refreshing from games that are just released not alphaed or anything definitally worth the money
,Recommended,266130,9639476,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,WireNut223,"Awesome game, not too in depth but it's not supposed to be."
76561198069469951,Recommended,266130,9629636,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Chicken_Salad,I enjoyed this game quite a lot.
,Recommended,266130,9630266,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Comrade Kemosabe,This game takes me back to the old school Rainbow 6 where you planned your teams entry and movement through a level. Highly recommended if you miss that type of gameplay!
76561198060221512,Recommended,266130,9631476,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Duke,Very entertaining turn-based game that feels like a mix between X-COM and TCs Rainbow Six.
76561198009822229,Recommended,266130,9633105,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Angel '84,"Love at first sight!!! BUY IT!!!! If you are a fan of turn based games and you like the ""swat"" feel buy it now!!! Tutorial was fast and easy to understand, game is simple to grasp aswell and tons of fun!! Would'nt mind if they released alot of expansions with new maps and game types...Need to tweak the over all gun balancing and add some more items :-) but def worth the buy..."
76561198087827722,Recommended,266130,9877626,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Danny Devito,I like it because you name the soldiers after your friends.  I'd do that if I had any it seems like a lot of fun.  If anyone wants to play with me should text me at 201-819-0901
,Recommended,266130,9939963,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Liam_mtg,"Pretty Cool game.  Its the tactical side of tom clancy's rogue spear or frozen synapse.simple system, not too hard to place waypoints. advanced enough to have fun and not get bored.graphics are good enough but not going to wow you.soldiers level up and can assign skill points in different areas.you earn cash to buy weapons, gun attachments & body armor.changable difficulty, put it on easy and you can just throw all your men into one room for rambo firefight and come out on top with a few flesh wounds.play it on hard to get the most amount of cash & xp.try and execute the perfect plan in the least amount of turns for 5 star rating.not bad for a tablet game.   insnt going to entertain you for 6 months though"
76561198116786626,Recommended,266130,10070187,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Digital Dragoon,"Breach & Clear sounds complicated but I can assure you it is not. The game is a simple tactical game based on movement and angle of sight. Levelling up your soldiers makes the game enjoyable. However the game does feel it is missing more content, like more mission or even more perks for your soldiers. There is plenty of gear to purchase using you well rewarded in-game cash. There is also a large range of mods for your chosen guns.The graphics are simple with only little bit of detail but enough for the game to look good.The sound effects are very simple specially the environmental tracks while playing the missions.The gun shot effects are again simple but effective.Controls with the mouse can get a little annoying at times. When you try to move the camera around you will regularly place a move node for one of you soldiers.I do recommend this game because it is fun and enjoyable to play but the game does feel cheaper the its current price tag of £10.99p."
76561198115883984,Recommended,266130,10026307,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,acowboy914,Game is aswome started playing on my iphone then heard they where making it for the pc i got it quick i do wish there where more options on color for vest helments and clothes some more guns would be awsome defently and maybe like a joint taskforce where u can take two squads and play a mission with them but please keep up the good work its is awsome thank you
76561198017498128,Recommended,266130,9865403,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,NIGHTSTALKER,"Awesome game, recommend to all"
,Recommended,266130,9893080,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Abe's Tailor,"While not without its rough edges, Breach & Clear delivers solid, addictive fun.  Form squad, tweak their abilities/roles, stack 'em up, and kick in some doors!"
76561197995215844,Not Recommended,266130,9916874,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,TEORIDUCOMPLO,Doesn't worth the price at all. I played it half an hour and I'm now bored.
76561198043912822,Recommended,266130,9821699,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,ElCincoDiablo,"Great for learning the basics of CQB, MOUT, and fireteam tactics.   Permadeath option is killer, no pun intended.... Easy way to pass a few hours and hone your battle skills with a fairly realistic simulator."
,Recommended,266130,9776401,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Frog Hat,"I feel like this is the game Arma Tactics was trying to be and failed to be. Here you get great turn by turn gameplay and your soldiers level up with point distribution. There is also a ""marketplace"" but thankfully it's only in-game money which you earn at a reasonable pace to equip your soldiers with numerous weapons and attachments. The interface is also pretty easy to use and nothing better than seeing your plan turn out just the way you hoped."
76561198007217051,Recommended,266130,9779682,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Sabretooth,glad i got this
,Recommended,266130,9659392,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,A Sparrow,"True and fairly pure turn-based strategy with a military flavor.  I have yet to have a dull moment with this one, though i'm only a few hours in.  I'm hoping theres a random mission generator or the limited amount of mission could get old fairly quickly."
,Not Recommended,266130,9709360,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Oathed,"Good concept. Poor execution. XCOMEU has a more involved feel and less UI clutter, more in-the-action immersiveness, in case there's anyone left besides me that cares. It's a good game, I'll give it that. But the extraneous UI elements, added clutter, added ""game-ification"" floating indicators and general poor-quality animations makes this a non-recommendation. Soldier movement and phases/turns are not half as smoothly done as XCOMEU.Sorry. Could've been great. They've got the makings of something really special here. But not enough budget and polish and developer support from experienced leads and publishers."
76561197961993619,Recommended,266130,9711831,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Trooper1182,"This game is by far one of the best Militay Tactical games I've ever played, I have it on my PC, iPhone and iPad, can't get enough of it.  The ability to ""Own every corner"" is not just a saying, this game actually plays to that saying. You miss checking a corner and one of your squad members m ight just eat it.  There is alot of game here with 7 different locations over 3 completely different game modes.  If your a military gamer of any sort, its not that you should want this game, you Need this game."
76561197966164461,Recommended,266130,9686329,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,BugOutBob,"Yes, as some others have said the game is a little simplistic.  Small maps and almost no permanence from engagement to engagement, aside from your squad's skills.  It is still wildly fun and engaging.  Despite their small size, some of the maps offer complex challenges, if you want to maximize your score.  The loadout options are widly varied, as are the specialties and skill allocations.  Is it XCOM or Jagged Alliance?  No.  But it is still a lot of fun, when you want a moderately deep, engaging, turn-based shooter conveniently delivered in bite-sized (<10min per mission) chunks."
,Recommended,266130,9727982,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Buccura Seifert,"Not the deepest turn based strategy game around, save for the rediculous number of ways to customize the guns and equiment, but still fun for when you just want a quick strategy fix."
76561198056877790,Recommended,266130,9623669,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Mique2Dope,Is there anyway to change the resoltuion outside the game? PLEASE HELP!
,Recommended,266130,9636782,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Viper123_SWE,"Really fun tactical, turn-based, game!Despite it being a port from the iPad the devs have done a surprsingly good job getting it fit for the PC platform.Sure, there are bugs here and there but the developers are constantly adding stuff, like more spec-ops units and guns for example.The game itself is pretty solid, graphics-wise there's alot to wish for but other than that the game fluids well.Breach and Clear features some basic customization like choosing headgear, facegear, vests and clothing/uniform.You can also recolor the guns to fit the environment etc.Gun customization ranges from scopes/sights to IR gear, silencers, triggers and gas systems.(I might've forgot one or two things, point is that you can really make modify a gun to be all ~tier1~.)The turn system and waypoint system works well, it actually feels like cover gives your soldiers (and the enemies) realistic protection from bullets (on a basic scale though).Also, the soundtracks in this game is really good, really adds to that intense feeling when you're planning the perfect endgame move at the end of a hard mission!All in all i seriously recommend this if you want some hours of fun, definietly worth the low cost."
76561197998355179,Recommended,266130,9638416,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,StS73,"A great round-based strategy game - lots of detail to take care of, challenging missions and a great quantity of equipment."
,Recommended,266130,30440194,Posted: 10 March,all,matthewblew,"Really good game, can spend a lot of time on it and the idea was executed really well. Sometimes doesn't run that smoothly but most of the time is a good game."
,Not Recommended,266130,25203126,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[GIGN] Project153,"tl;dr Just buy Door Kickers instead. If you really want this game, buy it on mobile, its cheaper and easier to play. Seriously, buy DK or buy the mobile version, this version is flipping $16.99 full price while the mobile version was something in-between $0.99-$3.99 (pretty sure it was $1.99 when I bought it).This is a port of the mobile version which I also own. I've played the mobile version for countless hours. If there is one thing I dislike about a lot of mobile games is not implementing some form of cloud save. It'd be great if they did and it allowed you to transfer mobile progress over to the Steam version but nah, that doesn't exist and even if it did, screw you, play through the entire game again, luckily on the Steam version there is cloudsave. The game is basically a 3Dish version of Door Kickers (which I absolutely love btw) but with less freedom in terms of movement, controls, actions, and planning. Its not too bad IMO but its not as great as DK. I think I rated the mobile version as 4 star. Steam version is 2.5 star max. Seriously, don't spend $10.99 on this game. Either get it on sale or buy it on the App Store.Pros:- Various Special Forces to choose from all with different stats.- Weapon customization (at some point during initial release of the mobile version the customization was really good but after a few updates that wasn't really the case).- You get to choose body armor/uniform. Basically character customization on a fairly basic level.- Characters Level up individually (i guess that's a good thing?) which allows you to put points into whatever stats you choose for each individual.- You get to choose what role your characters are (Breacher, Fireteam Leader, etc.)- The cool top-down to sorta top-down camera switching feature.- When you watch a replay of your last move you can watch it from the Operator's perspective via over-the-shoulder camera.-Mobile version requires you to pay real money for ""premium"" headgear/face accessories. Steam version? Only in-game cash is required.-CLOUDSAVE! Mobile version doesn't have such a high tech fancy feature. I know first hand.Cons:- If you played the mobile version, well obviously no cloud save/transfer as expect so RIP progress.- Not as much freedom during planning stages- Something about the character movement doesn't look right to me- Attachments from initial release (on mobile) have been removed- Controls aren't that amazing since this is a port of the mobile version.- THE PRICE! Steam version is flippin' $16.99, meanwhile on mobile it was either $0.99, $1.99, or $3.99. Either way, its cheaper to buy it on mobile.- It uses a stage-based system if that makes any sense. In DK you can fly through the mission in one swift plan or plan on the go. B&C you get to move a certain distance, and within that distance you plan everything. Once planned, you press the ""breach"" button and your guys carry on with it. Once they've all moved, you go back to the planning stage and repeat process.- The amount of ""steps"" you can take is fairly limited and when you have heavier body armor on, it gets limited even further.- Once you've chosen a class/role for a character, can't switch. I guess that's a bad thing? It is realistic in the sense that you're trained in that role and that is exclusive to you. You decide weather that's bad or good.All honesty the game isn't that bad but the Steam version at most is a 2.5 star in my books. Mobile version IMO is 3.5-4 star."
,Recommended,266130,16969744,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,BeastlyAdvocate,"Love the game, but achievements are not showing up, and i paid for the dlc, it says its installed but it is not showing up in game, how do i fix this issue"
,Recommended,266130,17291226,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Rittenhouse4,"Great game for fans of a high stakes strategy game, not knowing where people are really makes planning a key part of the game. Being able to change your squad and gradually upgrade it over time really gives you a sense of your squad really stepping up in the ranks. The moment i got the game i loved everything about it, my favorite part has to be the great gameplay. I hope they make a third one like this but not like the second disappointing one in the series. If they do make a third game i hope i becomes a SWAT game with negotiations and once again more strategy in the game. Overall definently worth the price and a great game i highly recommend."
,Recommended,266130,17300132,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,SuperFly,A good strategy for breaching and kill some bad guys game ... :D
76561198057067564,Not Recommended,266130,17303051,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,The Open Window Diddler of 2017,"Is the game good? Yes, very. Is it fun? Very. Can I play this game forever? No.This game is very repetitive and gets boring in 3hrs. If this game offered Steam Workshop than it would be a masterpiece, but it doesn't. This game is not worth $15, anything under $10 would be acceptable."
,Not Recommended,266130,17263105,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,aaron.,"Looks like garbage, difficult to click on what you want. I didn't even learn how to gorilla warfare."
,Not Recommended,266130,17250331,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,CougarProwl,"Time Played: 7 hours as of this review.I caught this game while it was on sale for 5$  And that was about all I'd spend on this game.Graphically; the game uses rather dated graphics made worse by missing textures from some of it's enemies, the first few levels are the worst in that regard. Also, lacking polish in regards to the little things, one of the most clawing is the AWP sniper rifle ejecting multiple brass casings when it fires.So, graphics aren't a deal breaker nowadays, so what's the tactical gameplay like? Basic. The game features cover, breaching tactics, and grenades, All were great in X-com: Enemy Unknown, but here they feel very contrived. I have yet to find a good position for my sniper, and enemy snipers start in very good positions. Starting positions in later levels are very impractical, leaving your squad open during the most critical entry moments.Furthermore, any feature involving doors (any breaching methods, and the ability to wedge doors closed) are not even present in many missions because they take place outside, with no other 'breaching' methods to replace them. I figured outside grenades could serve as a breaching method, but many of the maps are designed in such a way that you cannot throw grenades directly out the doorway to clear yourself an opening.Which brings me to enemy placement, which is randomized. Don't get me wrong, randomization brings replayability, but unless you want to spend a fifth of your mission earnings on UAVs for each mission, then you are left with no way of knowing where even basic enemies directly at your starting position are. This turns most missions into a bloody slug-fest as you pray your soldiers can even make it in the door without dying. Especially when mexican cartel snipers are far better shots than your special forces sniper with max accuracy and loaded with high-tech targeting devices.At the end of the day, the game uses many of the tired and cheap methods of increasing difficulty that I thought we left behind in the 90s, and for me, that makes this game a far cry shy of being worth 15$."
76561198013020221,Recommended,266130,17254441,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Kjas,Fun
76561198091181706,Recommended,266130,17169028,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,austinflores0873,Surprisingly fun.
,Recommended,266130,17197260,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MasterDouche98,"Loved this game, it's fun to play, has good mechanics and actually does give life to what could be swat tactics. Only problem would be the graphics i'd say, they could be better"
76561198180990350,Recommended,266130,16731208,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,airtroopthreeninetwo,"Linear at times, and repetitive, with not much room for improvement, but I played this game for almost 6 months on my tablet. Maybe that's just me getting bored of this game, but at least the tablet version didn't cost this much for basically the same game, albeit with visual improvements on PC. However, I will concede that it's a fun little game that's great to just pick up and play. Tactical gameplay is really fun, and it's a great feeling when you're able to outsmart the AI with flashbangs, carefully placed grenades, and well positioned soldiers. In the end, I would reccommend this game."
76561198008673294,Recommended,266130,18328321,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Virtual Angel,"I like the game, but I finished all the maps in under 6 hours. Needs more maps and missions. It coulld also use a multiplayer option."
,Recommended,266130,20322413,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Silentstrike46,"Overall, I did enjoy it. There are a few annoying bugs, such as kicking open the door, and it opens the wrong way, but otherwise, a solid game."
,Recommended,266130,20335325,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,TyranidHunter,"If Jesus made a game, this probably wouldn't be it.Turn based strategy where all the moves are played out at once. Quicker than the combat in XCom, but easier too.Games can easily be played in quick 5 minute bursts with a just another one approach.Super fun."
,Recommended,266130,19609716,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,TyForMel-CFC,Well this is something I play whilst on the go with my laptop. This game is fun and entertaining.
,Recommended,266130,19578301,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Uterus,"The game is about tactics, thats the type of game I like!"
76561198116581375,Recommended,266130,20020392,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,finaltrap22,"amazing game, even on slower computers because it makes the computer pick out all the moves before any animation is played, which increases framerate because the computer isn't focusing it's RAM to the visuals right away. also amazingly tactical"
,Recommended,266130,20112697,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,HuffingtonPants,"It's fine and all, fills a niche, but it's stale and lacks obvious features. It's a bit like a 3D version of Doorkickers (worth checking out if you're considering this).The combat is turn based, let's say you were storming a room with two entrances and lined up 2 guys outside each entrance. You might conceivably want them to storm the room at the same time, but alas, no, the only way to tell if that's going to happen is with a timeline style thing which runs across the characters move path. So on the floor on the otherside of the door might say 2 seconds. Well, on that 2 second mark you might want your other team to storm in. Unbelievably, there's no way to synchronise those events, by say, telling the other guy to pause for a second before proceeding. You could get him to run in circles before going through the door I guess, but then you hardly feel like a SWAT team. Another similarly stupid mechanic is that you cant order someone to go stand where someone else is stood, even if they're going to be 4 seconds down the hall before the other guy gets there. I think the real fun stems from the customisation and the content around that. Lots of maps, lots of guns, and a combat system that is just competent enough to be fun."
,Recommended,266130,9960271,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Fortzah seven,great game love making a special forces team with all my friends
76561198253910034,Recommended,266130,19147002,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,grntfrazier,This is really fun and insightful. I have learned a lot just by playing this game. It uses real tactics and realistic scenarios to push you and teach you about special forces room clearing tactics. Highly recommend.
76561197972823757,Recommended,266130,19124207,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Bazookatooth,"Entertaining game, easy to pick up and fun to play."
,Recommended,266130,19117228,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Prestd,"Highly recommend this game. Very fun, especially for those of you who have an interest in the military/military tactics. Weapon custimisation and skill points add a slight RPG element to the game."
,Recommended,266130,18603375,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Devonicus,"Very fun game!  Incredibly simple.  The single missions don't take long, so you don't need to spend an incredible amount of hours invested.  Just be smart and learn as you play."
76561198123511321,Recommended,266130,18560065,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,thewar2014,fun game works well 10?10
,Recommended,266130,18578381,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Plan B only,"a little bit expensive for a small sized game,but it's still enjoyable"
,Recommended,266130,9775110,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,BVCxArmy,Very good game!
,Recommended,266130,9667213,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Maximum Banana Sonic,"The game is fantastic, just like I expected. I personally don't have an iOS or Android device, so I wasn't able to play the game prior to its PC release.This game simulates rapid close quarter engagements from a top down view. You as the player controls a squad of elite counter-terrorist forces. Using careful movement and tactics, your goal is to move throughout a building complex and eliminate all hostiles as fast as possible.The different factions you can play as gives me a really nice immersive feel when I give my men orders. It's not just an aesthetic thing either, every faction has a different stat bonus. For example, the British SAS specializes in Evasion.If you're looking for a good top-down tactical shooter (or disappointed with Black Ops II's Strike Force missions), this is most definitely for you. Do not jump into this game thinking you can force your men in rooms like supermen and expect them to go gun blazing, killing terrorists.My only gripe with this game is that the game freezes up my computer during the after action reports, forcing me to use task manager to close the game. Devs, get this nuisance out of the way, periodically update it with new content, and you have yourself a AAA quality indie game."
,Recommended,266130,9670996,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Chuck the Patriot,It's like Special Forces Chess. Also has a fun variety of unlockables and equips
,Recommended,266130,9671013,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,FlatRook,"Great game, a lot of fun."
,Recommended,266130,9673589,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Zeus_CST,"The first time I played Breach & Clear (B&C) was on iOS, I was a bit dubious as it was a turn based game as these are not to my style, but I tired it and was instantly hooked from the first mission.I’d also recommend this if you were a fan of games like Swat 4 and Older Rainbow Six games where it was about planning your moves to get the best result, as it will take some skill to get a 4 Star rating on the B&C missions.But if you were thinking I’ve got the iOS version so why would I need to buy it again?Well, it’s bigger than the iOS with more mission and gear as standard plus panning the camera and planning is made easier with mouse and keyboard support.So Stack Up, Breach & Clear…"
76561198007075700,Recommended,266130,10158259,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NatsuGG,Game is okay :)
76561197964547916,Not Recommended,266130,13274237,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,RavenousTurd,"cant get the game to load past the first load screen, cant find any answers as to why...but im learning alot through the load screen about modern military...so thats nice."
,Recommended,266130,13287766,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Raster,"Awesome game, wish they had workshop support would make it even better."
,Recommended,266130,13287946,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Squashbuckler,"I put about 10 hours into this game and really enjoyed it. Reminded me of swat 2 from back in the days! great for a bargain, not much replay value."
,Recommended,266130,12662385,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BoGFRoG,One of my favorite games in recent memory9/10 would recommend
76561197994729886,Recommended,266130,11816183,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,AiDec,Very fine game!
76561198041296643,Recommended,266130,11789747,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,greyhoundfd,"The gameplay is rather good, although the sound could use a bit of a boost quality-wise, and there should be a larger variety of weapons and equipment.It's worth it for a free game, so I'd check it out."
,Recommended,266130,9646756,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,StaticHunter,"This is a great game in my opinion. The game play is turn based, just issue orders to the men, and they take care of the rest. The weapons in the game can be modified by changing the gas system, the trigger, and also add on other things such as custom grips, sights, supressors, or flashlights."
,Recommended,266130,11596191,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Johnny Spaceboots,"Build your own squad of room-clearing SpecOps guys.  Huge customization, with a focus on SRPG elements in a real-world setting.  Very cool; very unique."
76561197991106714,Recommended,266130,11108377,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,RS-RandyDaytona,"Nice little tactical game.  Not very hardcore, but a good lightweight diversion to play when you want a quick game."
76561197973551618,Recommended,266130,11213190,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,=T$ECore= FredericMA45,"Good game, especially if you had liked ""Police quest SWAT 2""."
,Recommended,266130,11863035,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,sam98,"I very much enjoyed this game, which is interesting because I haven't seen an RTS done in this way before. The combat was very good and provided room to run different strategies many times on the same level. Personally I found that the difficulty of the levels varied significantly. For example, for the Germany missions, I had to use 5 defibrilators and had to replay the previous missions to purchase the sniper rifle to be able to complete them on EASY. Whereas with the subsequent Russia missions, it was basically the Afghanistan missions with more enemies. I liked that you have a variety of teams to choose from (Even though the majority are American), and I hope that they add more operators in the future. One thing I  did not like was that there is very little variety in the weapons. Every unit other than JTF2 gets an M4 SOPMOD as their original weapon (Including the SAS, KSK and Spetznaz), and then, when you choose to upgrade your weapons, almost all of the weapons are SCAR, M1014 or AR15 based weapons. The ONLY exceptions are the pump action shotguns, the AWP, the LaRue OBR 7.62, the MK48 and the P90. Not a single AK, L85 or G36 based weapon in sight. Honestly, the lack of accuracy with weapons bugged me a lot more than it would probably bug other people. All in all, its a solid game but it could use or could have used some work in my opinion. 6.5-10"
,Recommended,266130,10963017,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,My Cat's Name is Doofy,One of my favorite games <3
76561198001684839,Recommended,266130,10963928,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,karnageguy,"Fun for fans of Rainbow Six games who want a more casual, quick time killer. Not a lot of replayability, but does offer good customization of weapons and gear. Snipers not as useful as they should be and mechanics of breaching is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a bit, but otherwise entertaining."
,Recommended,266130,10428849,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,You're Welcome,"There's a lot of mixed reviews about this game, mainly people with high expectations. Be modest in what you expect, and the core gameplay and customizable features makes this game really good. Expect high octane high adrenaline gameplay and you will be dissapointed. This is a casual game more than other genres, remember that."
,Recommended,266130,10908052,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LocoGravy,"This for me is one of the more interesting tactical games. It reminds me of the original Tom Clancy Rainbow 6 games. In those games you had to plan your teams movements before assualting a target building or area. Breach & Clear is that gameplay, expanded to become the entire game. You design your team, their equipment and weapons, even down to their uniforms. Then you get put into situations around the globe against different enemies and enviroments.Great game in my opinion, enough said."
,Not Recommended,266130,14066048,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,JamesRGB,"A great arcade-strategy version of the classic Rainbox Six style game. Ultimately let down by small team sizes, small mission sizes and a shallow implementation of a persistent campaign.Fun for an afternoon but feel like it missed some easy wins in the design department."
76561198027184617,Not Recommended,266130,14020521,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ekows,Go for door kickers or frozen synapsis before you go for this. Its ok but not that good.
,Recommended,266130,13992832,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Direkin,"Breach & Clear is a tactical turn based strategy game similar in execution to XCOM. You take command of a special forces squad of your choosing, and plan your attack on objective based missions (terrorist hunt, bomb defusal or extraction). You have a reasonably wide selection of weapons available, though weapons used by some special forces are absent from the game. Enemy engagements are always lethal, as there is no option to simply incapacitate. The inability to set timings is also detrimental to tactics.Overall the game is entertaining enough to keep you playing for hours, but it lacks scope and depth in comparison to tactical predecessors such as Deadline (1996, Millennium Interactive). The graphics and audio are good, but I'd like to see some destructability, and a greater range of weapons and consumables (no smoke grenades or CS gas?).7/10 - Still playing it."
76561198006668383,Not Recommended,266130,13841286,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Iniyari,"Whilst the concept of B&C seems cool, the controls feel clunky, and the PC options are practically non-existent--who ever heard of a legitimate military simulator that wouldn't allow you to invert the camera rotation? I'm a fan of the tactical turn-based system (e.g. XCOM, Shadowrun Returns), and having a ""realistic"" tactical sim for modern military squads promised to be highly appealing, but the interface needs an overhaul for me to recommend this game to any but the hard-core military devotee. As I am not, I cannot recommend B&C--XCOM gives me as much ""realistic"" military as I desire. Plus side: I bought it on sale."
76561198107377987,Recommended,266130,13932672,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Cole_Train,"Let me begin by saying that this game is alright. There isn't anything seriously bad about it, but there isn't much that is great either.I bought this game during a sale for less than $5.00 and I don't think I would have paid more for it.It's fun little game, but it feels just a step above a java game that you could play on your browser. It's pretty addicting just like some of those simple games are as well.I haven't played a game like this before, but I hear that there are similar ones with more depth.--WHO THIS GAME IS FOR--Someone who is just interested in some casual tactical gaming. Pleased enough with moderate strategy gaming.The Good:++Levels aren't dreadfully long (about 6 minutes) but there are 7 countries to visit, each with 5 levels to play in. Also 3 game modes (Terrorist Hunt, Bomb Defusal, and Escape Plan) using same maps, This may not seem like alot but it manages to have just enough variety++There are a lot of options with costomization and I've found myself really thinking about my purchases for guns.--However, there is a problem with costomization that I will get into later++Option to play with Permanent death of squad members to earn extra XP (You get a replacement if one dies but you have to rank them back up) You keep the dead members expensive weapon equipment, which is good.++Upgrading skills for your soldiers is pretty solid with the variety of options (Responce, Accuracy, Health, Speed, Evation and an Skill that goes with the soldier's role; Like Squad Leader gets leadership skill you can upgrade). Not too easy to upgrade but not too hard.++I like that you can assign roles to your 4 person squad (Leader, Medic, Breach, ect) and that they get perks unlocked as you level up.The Bad:I'm going to begine with the costomization options++There are MANY different guns (some same price and same specs though)On the guns you can pack them with Optics, Lasers, Grips, Flashlights, Supressors, Gas System, and TriggersThe problem is that There are only a handful of attatchments in each category and it's easy to max out on the Optics, Lasers, Grips, Flashlights. There are no tactical thinking involved in these options because they only improve accuracy and have no negatives, so you don't weigh your options. -It's pretty mindless--The good thing is that Suppressors, Gas Systems,  and Triggers provide certain pros and cons that make you consider what perks you want and the expense of something.There are vests and other things but to buy that are important, but there are many items like clothing, goggles and facepaint that provide NO perks.++The Main Menu is slow and kinda laggy and brings a bad first impression when you put your mouse over a button and it takes 3 seconds for it to light up. The response when you select it is absolutely normal. But makes the game seem cheap.++The strategy is pretty basic. I've only felt trapped and in trouble a few times. The gameplay is mostly all about keeping your guys near cover and know how to split up your guys (which isn't challenging)If you 4 star all the maps as you progress Like I do and not jump ahead two counties (with harder soldiers) it doesn't stay very challenging. (I went two counties ahead and within two moves I was surounded and lost a guy right when he got shot at) -RIP Brett Breachers++I'm playing the levels in Germany, (which is the 4th country) and the environment is pretty static. Only a few levels actually had 1-3 of the soldiers walking around in real time as you plan out your strategy.THE UGLY++The ugly part isn't in the gameplay. It is with selecting items in the market and selecting the items when you choose a new gun or add attatchments.+The interface with the Market and costomization is terrible.+When I purchase a new gun I have to make sure to detatch everything on the previous gun, and there isn't any fast/easy way to do it (Such as putting a small 'x' in the corner). I have to select the icon individually for Lasers, Optics, Grips ect. THEN select to 'unequip' this gets very Tedious when there are 7 attachment types.+The interface only shows you the picture of what items are attached to your gun with no name of them or what their specs are.+You have to go to unequip it and then mouse over it to view its specs.+Another problem is that it doesn't tell you the name of what gun your soldier is equiped with. You have to memorize its shape and look in the market so you can compare it to a new weapon.+When you want to compare weapons in the market you can't do it side by side. You have to click the gun, then scoll down/up the list to view the next one. That is teious as well.CONCLUSION:I give the game a 6.5/10 -Would not pay $15.00, wait for a sale of less than $7 if you aren't sure about this. Addicting to play but almost too simple to call it a strategy game.+It needs improvements to make the game more interesting and needs its interface to be changed.+Would be interesting to add multiplayer of terrorists vs Spec Ops. Where each team has to make their moves and then it plays out.+Another request would be to add new scenarios (This might be later in the maps, IDK yet) with a less static environment and enemies. Like Helicopter, or enemies driving in the stronghold with vehicles."
76561198049555060,Recommended,266130,13985437,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,poignant_panda,"good fun fast pasted, my bad grammer what more do u need"
,Recommended,266130,13972656,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Tyrannous,Fantastic game for strategy bit ragey if you squad all die but thats just me. Very awesome game!!!
76561198040560627,Recommended,266130,13946563,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Hvapsen,It's alright...ok ok...1 to 10? I'll give it a solid 5. :)
76561198045234063,Recommended,266130,13918668,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,shublyshagnasty,"This is a decent game, simple, but decent. It's a top down tactical room clearing (mostly) point and wait. While you can customize your team, and individual weapons, the variety is varied. Lots of armor options(stats seem wonky), but clothing is cut and dry outside of camo patterns. Weapon customization is good (if you like accessorizing AR pattern rifles), but there is a lack of rifle selections. Sure Mk. 18's and Hecklemykochs are there, but no AK? In the words of Dugan Ashley: When I hold an Ak in my hand...I get the feels that I don't understand, Man.Buy it on sale or don't buy it at all."
76561197993381255,Recommended,266130,14045774,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,MrHarold,"Great game.  I quite enjoy it and it really rewards good tactics. It's not perfect, and there are some things that I would change if I could (like including timed go codes for instance) but otherwise it's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,266130,14080479,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,cyph,"Love this game. Nice and tactical, yet endlessly interesting with the different weapon combinations available to use, as well as recruiting different squad makeups.If you want a nice small game to play that will take up surprisingly a lot of time when you are trying to get 4 stars on every mission... this is it!"
,Recommended,266130,25723620,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,JackAttackJRMV,"Amazing Game To Pick Up On SaleI couldn't put it down untill I beat a large chunk of the game, not to say its laking content!"
,Recommended,266130,25410236,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Yui Kashī,This game is just great. Months have passed and I still play it once in a while. Haven't got bored.
,Recommended,266130,27252617,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lordholnapult,"Breach and Clear is very simple to play but someway funny.You can create many teams from the major military forces, equp them with a good number of gadges and throw everything on the field.There are a good numbers of situations but IA will react sometimes poorly, defending their position until the end.I would have appreciated bigger maps and a briefing...Swat4 remains my best as well as vegas 2.Good game in any case.Lord Hol Napult's experience: 6.5/10"
,Recommended,266130,26723755,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BillyHearn,its a cheap xcom (in a good way lol)
,Recommended,266130,26447414,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sgt. Terry Jeffords,great map layout.great weapons.great game.8/10
,Recommended,266130,17985217,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,DewzDrop,"One of the best strategic breaching games online. The layout and format of the game is fantatstic to  interact with. The squad stats and customization is every junkies dream. Gives you three game types for hours of gameplay. I orginally saw it on my mobile phone and saw it could be bought here. It is one of my favorite games that I can't put down. I personally did not purchase the Frozen Syn. DLC out of not liking the look. Regardless, I can only imagine how much more the game could grow if they made more content/DLC's."
,Recommended,266130,26804352,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,12Dent,Just.. the beest
,Recommended,266130,26833971,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tex G.,I bought this with the extra bit for 5 USD. Its fun! reminds me of SOCOM but table top version. The audio and visuals are classic. If its on sale I highly recomend it. One thing is the names and stats for weapons are such that someone who actually knows what they are seem a bit watered down. It would be awesome if it were multiplayer for a team or team vs team multiplayer.
,Recommended,266130,26817532,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Matthew,"Great game, could do with some new content but otherwise solid!"
76561198299147684,Recommended,266130,26257426,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ghost41967378,10/10 gameruns on 60fps all time although your pc is potato because the game is originally meant for mobile phones
76561198033908119,Recommended,266130,26722080,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Xero Spectre,"Really Great Game, The User Interface could use a little work but overall a good game"
,Recommended,266130,26710768,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Yuri The Remover,"Breach and clear is really addicting game, I sat there for like 5 hours and played this fantastic tactics game. Just awesome how they made that boring plan ahead tactic shooter into frikin fun plan ahead tactic shooter :). You have variety of guns and equipment like flashlits that incrase acuracy, silencers, optics etc... You can create your squad (SAS, USMC, Spetsnaz...), upgrade and customize your characters. And just buy it it's worth it! Great game for hours of fun!"
76561198038997325,Recommended,266130,26930778,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bperk725,Love the smooth mechanics of this simple strategy game I just wish there were more options
,Recommended,266130,25824653,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mentalmanja,Really enjoyed this game. You get to build your team of special forces soldiers and deploy them.It is wesome to watch your fully specced team wipe out 20 enemies in a span of 2 seconds.
,Recommended,266130,25435984,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,CarlPole,"I bought the game at 3pm and played non-stop till 6am.>Bought it for a price of a 4 pack on sale (or less).>Played it for ages.>Got close to finishing the campaign.>Realised there's like 2/3 more mode campaigns with the same levels, but completely different objectives.Rainbow Six Siege/SWAT4 combined with X-Com, with average graphics and simplistic yet surprisingly fun gameplay. After playing it, I think it's worth a tener. (I guess the graphics could be easily better though. But hey at least it doesn't run at 15 FPS)"
,Recommended,266130,23478574,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,steveb2186,"I picked this game up on steam sale for less than $3. and for that price, i can definitely deal with the small graphic issues and technical glitches. This game is a lot of fun and worth the money. i only wish you could rename the squads you create.. and id like for the grenade throws to act as a priority so your teammates dont rush into the same room a grenade was just thrown in.. other than those 2 issues right off the bat, its an incredibly fun game.. great customization and level design."
76561198023630517,Recommended,266130,27436199,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DNLH,"It's really simple, still has some bugs that you need to walk around (like stiff hands for some uniforms for some units), the variety is not really satisfying nor is that great. The game could be better with some, at first glance, easy and simple life improvements and, imo, that's the only thing that you'll actually notice while playing - cause all the bugs, lack of decals and whatnot will be just white noise in the background once you're leading your men in thick of action - the tingling sensation that this could be absolutely great PC game, but ended just as acceptable one.But damn, if you catch it on a sale, then you get yourself a solid ~20 hours of game straight away for a couple of euros. Or bucks. Or lira. You know, currency. I'm pretty sure I just found myself another game I'll sink few hours into every few months I'll get reminded about it and decide to reinstall."
,Recommended,266130,24785554,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,MiniDude,"Score8 / 10I LOVED this game, if you like Turn-Based Strategy then you MUST play this game. Sure it's got its flaws but you will forget that, and like me (hopefully) care about your units.I dare say that even Rainbow Six fans would enjoy this game for some reason."
76561198015204670,Recommended,266130,24761861,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,VXtremist971,Exellent mini game play in Hard mode to make the game more longer.
76561198053613238,Recommended,266130,25025053,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,tacomaster571,"This is a very well put together turn based strategy game, I've had a lot of fun playing through the game. the levels are fun to play the enemies, interesting to fight. I can only see two bad things, after a point the game thinks ""more health means tougher"" and in a way its right. The game also gets very repedative after a while. This si a good game however, maybe not worth $15, but it is very fun."
76561198057325484,Recommended,266130,13570888,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,elpresidante91,"It is pretty good, but the content is a little light. It would be better if there were more levels. Dosen't have much replay value."
76561198029069836,Recommended,266130,13644182,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Crassias,Outstanding.  Haven't enjoyed a game this much since Rainbow Six first came out.
,Recommended,266130,13463905,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kaiser Thurston,"Great game, plays very much like XCOM."
76561198013747535,Recommended,266130,13528998,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ignito,"Breach & Clear is a tactical strategy game that puts you under the command of a squad of soldiers from various forces from around the world, such as the SAS or Army Rangers. (Note that there is a Frozen Synapse DLC, which adds a squad, a new location and few missions from what i know, but i don't own it so i can't say much about it.)TL:DR - Skip to ConclusionREVIEW:There are 3 modes, a Terrorist Hunt (where you hunt down and kill all enemies in the area), Bomb Defusal (pretty straight forward), and Escape Plan (you're surrounded by enemies and you have get your men out of there and to the marked exit). There are a total of around 6 locations from around the world, and there are 5 missions for each location, for each mode. It works in ""phases"", or turns, where you can plan your squad's actions, from where they move and face, to throwing a flashbang in a room while the rest of the team storms in. Early in the game in the first three or so locations, the game is relatively easy, and having two men with suppressors enter a room first to not alert everyone, then bring in the other two when the sh-t hits the fan. There is, on occasion, situations in the Escape Plan mode where a soldier or two will be put in situations surrounded by 3+ enemies making it impossible to escape with them, it's fixable by exiting to the menu, and restarting the mission, but it can be a hassle sometimes. Missions tend to get repetitive.At the time of writing this, I have only reached the fourth location and it's become tougher than the first three, so it can provide a decent challenge, at least on higher difficulties, as i only play on normal. The game includes different roles for your squad members (The names of each role escapes me, i apologise) which can help in different situations, and  you can level them up using XP from completed missions, and you can give them bonus stats to the Accuracy, or the amount of Health they have. Oh, and there's a perma-death option which grants bonus XP. The game also offers customisation, allowing you to change your squad's clothing, camo, armour, and weapons. You can do this with the in-game money you earn from completing missions. The weapons all have available attachments which you can customise to give bonuses, like Accuracy +9001, for example. Despite this, there's a balance, where body armour which gives Health +35 will be balanced by making your movement speed go down. When breaching into rooms you have options for different entry points and different methods of breaching; Kicking the door, shotgun, breaching charge, and lock pick. Each offers an advantage and disadvantage, but i'd recommend just kicking the door open instead.The graphics, animation, and game design are pretty well done for what it is, considering it was also originally made for iOS, with Android somewhere down the line. The game offers two viewing angles while planning, a Top-down view, and an Isometric view, personally i like the top-down view better when planning because its easier to see where you moving your men. After you've finished planning and started the phase, you can view an over-the-shoulder cam of either of your soldiers, which is pretty neat, although sometimes when behind cover you wont see anything. It's there that you'll also notice how the graphics aren't as great as the would be when you're planning in t-d or iso view. There are some neat effects, and slow motion queues, which i can't say look amazing but it's tolerable. Additionally, the animations arent too great, especially when breaching and using a lock pick, as the soldier will be picking at the air or the middle of the door, as well as having their gun floating in front of them whilst doing so.CONCLUSION:Gameplay:+Multiple game modes+Different locations+Stealthable missions (for some)+/- Mission difficulty-Escape Plan mode-Repetitive missionsVisuals:+Decent textures+Effects+Different camera angles-AnimationsOverall it's a good game, with decent visuals, good gameplay, more than one game mode, etc. Coming from a more casual standpoint, for a tactical, strategy based game, it's definitely worth a buy, and if you can get it on sale even better. If you're a more ""hardcore strategist"" or prefer more robust strategy games, then it may not be worth it to you."
,Recommended,266130,13604947,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DEVASTATE,Pros1. Thinking strategic game +12. Realistic close quarter combat feel +13. Let you choose variety of real life weapon and equipment4. Let you choose real life special force5. Let you choose where your gun should point at while you're moving6. U.I is clean and not complicated7. Bomb defusal mapCon1. No multiplayer2. No mission creator (should let people create a challenging mission for others)3. Graphic should have a little tweek and smoothingI recommned this game ! get this game when its 75%+ off!The gameplay is totally worth it!
,Recommended,266130,13607966,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Tom,Easy to get into and fun to play. The early levels are fairly easy thinking you are a tactical god but it ramps up with plenty of re-playability. A fun little game
,Recommended,266130,13456633,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"This game is actually very interesting. It allows you to step into the roll of many special forces units around the world. Honestly, the only down side that I have found with this game is that I feel that it does not offer a large enough selection of military units to choose from. Aside from that, I find that this game is actually very accurate in attempting to safely show a simulation of room clearing tactics. I would give this game a 7.5/10."
76561198001845253,Recommended,266130,13421979,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Eartheater,gameplay is limited but it was worth the 3 dollers i paid for it
76561198007302032,Recommended,266130,14876273,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,SilverShadow32,This is a very addictive game! I really enjoyed playing this game!
76561198095421602,Recommended,266130,14673277,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Psychopathic Trans Loli,"Recreated the main characters of COD4, cried when everyone except Captain Price died."
76561197972370366,Recommended,266130,14264210,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,mdesparo30,"Without a doubt one of the best tactical shooters I have ever played. This game will appeal to anyone who is a fan of turn bassed tactical combat. Fans of such games such as X-COM, and the like. Easy to play, quick missions and highly addictive."
,Recommended,266130,14363158,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Etheras,"7/10Plenty of fun, but about as deep as a thimble.The Good--- Tons of fun. Extremely satisfying to clear a level of badguys in like 14 seconds of ""real time""--- Just like the old Rainbow Six before they dumbed it down, (minus the Rainbow Six first-person mode)--- Passable graphics and sound. Good enough for what it is.--- Randomly generated enemy locations thwart attempts at replaying with prescience.--- Flanking seems to remove the need for dice rolls. I hate dice rolls. Strategy games should win or lose on strategy, not dice rolls.--- Levels can be replayed in a variety of different modes: Terrorist Hunt (standard), Defuse the Bomb (capture and hold), and Escape. These add a lot of really awesome replayability--- Heavily moddable equipment, but I kinda wish it were more moddable, and that there were some way to save loadouts--- Enemy AI isn't totally dumb. Uncoordinated, perhaps - but its how I would expect them to act in the face of marines kicking down the door. (Dive for cover, unload magazine at doorway)THE BAD--- Clunky User Interface, with some frustratingly annoying problems.--- No story, plot, or characters. Just a series of, what are essentially just ""puzzles"". Puzzles solved with guns and grenades, true... but the puzzle is always: ""Get all the Marines to flank all the terrorists as quickly as possible"", just with new environments each level.--- Guns are pay-to-win, which is a bit silly for a game touting its realism. I would expect realistic prices, not having guns that ""unlock"" when your navy seals reach a certain level, and like super-sci-fi versions from some of the company's other games--- Gameplay mechanics are more reminiscent of tabletop than real tactics. Cover can't be thwarted (except with grenades), so its all about getting baddies in a crossfire. I suppose there's nothing strictly -wrong- about this, except that (once again) it flies in the face of the vaunted realism--- A lot of the equipment is a bit silly. You might get a gas assist system that increases damage by 3 but increases noise by 3, then add a silencer that decreases noise by 3 but also decreases damage by 3. Somehow I feel that the net benefit of something should be greater, not just even-out--- Soldier customization is rather bad. You may find yourself doing the same thing over and over. Like if you want to switch out for close range for a particular level and then switch back afterward, you need to go back and replace every single item. There are no preset or savable loadouts. Depending on your level of customization, this can be quite tedious. For example: all my soldiers have helmets and armor painted black (paint applied separately), and guns with 6 unique enhancements. The guns and all the enhancements also have to be painted black (etc).IN CONCLUSIONFun, but not perfect. I really wish they'd add a plot like Splinter Cell or something. Something in-line with what they're trying to do, but make it more interesting. UI and the market/loadout could really use a lot of work. Otherwise pretty solid!"
,Recommended,266130,13542182,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,celestialteapot,"'Breach & Clear' is a very enjoyable game, easily filling the gap between the more RTS focused 'Door Kickers' and the much missed 'SWAT' series. The tactical planning feels a little clumsy but once you get used to the it and figure out how to use the squad placements, it's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,266130,11224453,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Phatcat,Simple fun tactical strategy game!
76561198006446341,Recommended,266130,12273497,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,NSA,"It's the best thing out there for a room clearing CQB sim right now (at least until Door Kickers comes out).  The mechanics and engines are tight.  The character classes, skill development and kit building keep the gameplay interesting.  Each campaign has a distinct art style, and later campaigns introduce increasingly tricky scenarios including armored enemies, outdoor terrain, and entrenched marksmen.The main downside is that I wish there was a narrative to it.  Each campaign is really just a set of five maps with the same art style.  You unlock campaigns as you go, and can bounce around as you please.  It's nothing like Frozen Synapse where the missions are plot driven.As for other wishlist items, I'm sure destructable terrain would have been a pain to implement, but could have really changed gamplay.  There's also no multiplayer mode (like you'd even be able to find players for such a niche game?)  It's kinda strange you can't break-up or shuffle team-members short of getting somebody killed.  Having to build and separately level full teams is a grindy proposition should the player want to go that route.For those unfamiliar with room-clearing, a more theory based tutorial might be better.  The devs designed the game to reward actual room-clearing tactics.  In room-clearing, the objective is to stay on the attack while not getting shot in th back.  If you're constantly camping behind cover, (like every-other game with a cover-dynamic encourages), you're not getting it.  Get away from the fatal funnel, stay agile, and learn how to sweep geometries.  If a room looks scary, toss grenade/flashbang before you breach.  Unlike the old Rainbow Six or the SWAT series, there's no incentive for restraint in this game (RoE, neutrals, civilians, surrendering enemies), so let the grenades fly.All in all, it's good little single-player indie tactics game.  It's worth you time if you'd dig a fairly authentic room-clearing sim."
76561198030978104,Recommended,266130,11459999,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Tylermcd93,"This game is a very good, lite verson of strategy games like XCOM or something of the Civ combat variety. It's also really in depth behind military strategies, guns, branches, and history. It's a nice, casual addition to my steam library and I would recommend this, for it is worth the 15 dollars."
,Recommended,266130,11486647,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Midnight™,"Very fun military strategy game. It has pretty solid gameplay with enough variety to keep it interesting. It plays a lot like Frozen Synapse but has a greater focus on the units themselves (vests, weapons, attachments, skills, perks, etc.) than the timing and coordination of movements. It's always fun seeing a tricked-out squad blast through a stage and mow everyone down in two moves as well!"
76561198123289373,Recommended,266130,12194419,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,PEACEKEEPER_32,"Pretty good game, the only one suggestion I would give is have a multiplayer where a player can face off with another player's squad who is almost the same or just a bit above your level. Otherwise great game deffinitely one to get."
76561198078475660,Recommended,266130,12178204,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,ColeSlawZ,Great turn based tactical game.
76561198133524125,Recommended,266130,12181665,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Demoro,Very cool game. It took me already plenty of time playing it.
,Recommended,266130,12119181,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Moncho,"It's a fun squad tactical game ported from iOS.The graphics felt a bit crappy at start but I quickly got used to them and they feel fine.It has a lot of maps on different countries and each map can be played on different modes (kill, defuse bomb, etc).You create squads from different factions, pick 4 members with different roles and abilities and proceed to level them up and buy weapons and stuff as you get more money.The gameplay is fine, it's easy at start it's now getting harder and less forgiving.Overall, at $15 is way too expensive, but if you can get it discounted (I got it at $6) then it's worth the money."
76561198042996035,Recommended,266130,12238603,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Riles,"While not the most indepth, it is done well."
76561198017204916,Recommended,266130,12242101,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,SlamSlayer,"Its more or less X-Com: Rainbow Six. That sums it up perfectly. Pick your special forces unit (Such as British SAS, US Marines, German Gign) to determine your starting stat buffs, hand pick 4 soldiers and customize them to look like (and be named after) you and your friends (or not) and select a class for them from a handful to determine a second stat boost and special abilities.Level them up, equip them (and customize said equipment) how your want, take out terrorists and cry when you lose one to a poor decision with perma-death turned on."
,Recommended,266130,12152247,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Bangladesh,"Very well made TBS. You like it if you are fond of Jagged Alliance, X-Com and Counter Strike.Each mission is quite a fast paced (not more than 10 turns) tactical puzzle. However, levels become gradually harder, so you will be able to use every bit of your team skills. Squad management also seem to be promising, but I cannot say any details for now.Supported this game since it was put on Greenlight and no regrets so far."
76561198015968558,Recommended,266130,12234770,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Takeda,"Well this has proven to be great fun. Despite a somewhat pompous intro, the game itself does a lot of things right. It plays like XCom or Jagged Alliance with the turn based stop and go action and each character having their own allotted movement pool; however, unlike other games, it doesn't restrict your shooting. My SAS team moves to the limits of their allowance and leaves a trail of bodies behind them. I don't sacrifice movement to be able to shoot. Possibly i should really have to consider reloading enroute (it would be more realistic) but the great limiter is whether you push too far and find yourself in a firefight with a crowd (or simply shot by some swine standing behind a door). The more you restrict the length of movement the more the team moves together and 'owns every angle' (not entirely sure i'm comfortable witht that phrase yet).Your team levels individually, with XP discrepency based on their own number of kills and you have stats you can spend points into. Most are stats they all have but specialists have one unique skill each - medic with healing for example. You also earn money for completed missions with which you buy gear. Gear upgrades are very like Call of Duty or Payday - new triggers, foregrips, armour pieces etc, each adding or subtracting from important stats (max health, noise, accuracy, movement speed etc). You also get to buy your guys sunglasses or facepaint which has no value other than to make you the most fashion concious special forces team.After only 5 or 6 games i found myself investing in gear and going back to the starter missions to improve the speed of the assault and to up the difficulty levels - completely loving it :)"
76561198003796466,Recommended,266130,12175594,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Jimbo,"Quite fun, the UX when it comes to control your units are somewhat painfull and badly made tho."
,Recommended,266130,11344094,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Pwnicus,"Highly addictive, if you like deep strategy and customization like... Rainbow Six meets a sort of Final Fantasy Tactics! Sounds insane? Watch some gameplay footage :D"
,Recommended,266130,11319231,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Apollogiess,"Awesome Game , Endless Fun !!!"
,Recommended,266130,11370943,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Gameboydude,"Breach and Clear is a game that I wouldn't expect to be awesome. The simple yet expansive ideas it brings to the table makes it the best (if not one of the best) games I've ever spent $5-10 on.Pros:+Artwork is really nice.+Seemingly endless customization. You pick a spec op group (I think there's 5). You pick out a pre-made face for that person. You pick out each individual person for your 4 person squad. Each spec op class has specific duties. There are more than 4 different classes, so it forces you to be creative with your team.+ Each person carries weapons, apparel, and equipment that you personally customize for them. You can buy and sell all of these at the marketplace.+If you want to earn money you can grind on any particular mission. Also, these missions have slightly radomized locations for your targets.+There are 3 different mission types and each type has 7 locations and 5 missions per location.+You can create and switch between multiple squads.+Great tutorialCons:-I almost went insane trying to get 4 stars in some levels due to the slightly randomized target location.-Some of the guns don't get the stats they deserve. Primarily in range and damage.9.75/10"
76561198131815230,Recommended,266130,12821318,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Uni Steelflex,Great game that takes a lot of thought and planning. The permadeath system is awesome and the fact that you can choose your special force and the gear they use really changes things up.
76561198009685299,Recommended,266130,23441827,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Fadest,best game in my library
76561198057266649,Recommended,266130,23509757,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,LordBenBen,Surprisingly fun game.  Hasseveral fast pced moments that make the game feel awesome. Especially when you wipe out a large group of enemies in one turn. ery good and would recommend it to anyone.
,Recommended,266130,23484488,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,:. : :: ::.,Very tactical game! One of a kind i think.
,Recommended,266130,23142341,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,ajace,Really good game.I recommend it.
76561198256914289,Recommended,266130,24009617,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Multatuli,The name says everything. With great determination all levels can be cleared
,Recommended,266130,24078802,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Geekrider,"Breach and Clear is a slow, turn based CQB game involving strategic gameplay and excellent execution of level design and enemy placement. The game sets you in charge of a four-man fireteam tasked with various close-quarter missions of sweeping and killing, bomb defusal, and self-extraction. There are different classes (total 6) for your team members including 'Team Leader', 'Weapons Sergeant', 'Medic', 'Intelligence' etc. and each plays a specialized role. You can always create multiple squads with different classes so there is always a little variety in gameplay. Each class also has a starting perk and gains special abilities as you level up.Checking, clearing corners and finding cover is an integral part of the game. You can even control what I believe is called the ""sector of fire"" for each character while they are breaching. So there's a lot of nuance. The game has a pretty nice design throughout.  The levels are excellently designed in terms of flow and playability, and also have a good look and feel in terms of graphics.  The menus all look fine, the character design is acceptable and allows for customization, and the weapons themselves are customizable with special functions and color choices.If you're tired of the regular turn based RPG, this game provides a different spin on the genre. Give it a try. Breach and Clear is a solid title worth playing."
76561197963494442,Recommended,266130,24052826,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,R3C0NXD45,I don't write a ton of reviews but WOW this game is amazing.Feels very polished and is very addictive. Control scheme just about couldn't be better.This is a great deal but even more so with the sale.
,Recommended,266130,24037742,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Foxy Ned Hanlon,"Surprisingly good game. I got it on sale with somewhat low expectations but this game is surprisingly entertaining. The methods of setting your tactics are easy to use, and its fun to play. It's never too easy but also never TOO difficult. 8/10 senselessly killing countless terrorists."
76561198280597553,Recommended,266130,22420523,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Sarroth,"Compact ""swat"" game!Better support / development would be good."
76561198005971335,Recommended,266130,22709226,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Axelrad,"Basically a casual Frozen Synapse, it offers a disappointingly clumsy and imprecise system for squad control and a tedious amount of grind for stats and items (being a port of a F2P mobile game), but at the end of the day, it's suprisingly fun casual entertainment. Just don't expect it to be a tactical simulator like it oh-so-optimistically markets itself as."
,Recommended,266130,22753562,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,GiffoROCKS,"Like X-Com but special forces vs terrorists.Turn based combat, multiple entry points, perks, abilities, upgrades to weapons and armour, different classes, unlockable special abilities, new weapons, multiple difficulty settings... lots of features.Its a little less complex, upgrading the odd weapon with an IR or scope, applying a couple of XP to your operators abilities and grinding the levels to unlock weapons and earn money for new enhancements - to weapons and gear.No base, no story... but different locations and additional modes such as bomb disarming and escape.Okay for an indie game, especially if its on sale on Steam."
,Recommended,266130,22778530,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Freddy K,"What I find most fun about this game;--Setting up unique teams for particular combat preferences - p90 team is luls.--Making the most efficient runs - that 4 star score baby!--Leveling up characters is enjoyable.--Interesting maps/variable sizes and/or locale'--Great if you like a bit of strategy - door planning is great.--I found some particular levels challenging, needing optimal configurations for team members.--Randomised unit spawn, it's not always the same :').Dislikes:Kind of want more maps :') [thoug hthere are enough for soe decent entertainment].Suggest:Add in community ability to make fresh maps :D"
,Recommended,266130,20935264,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Capitalist Janitor,9/10 Noveske Afgan Again :-)
76561198101702049,Recommended,266130,20931411,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,stahlerh,This is a great turn-based game.  There are tons of levels so you never get bored.  Leveling your characters helps you build the perfect squad.  Awesome game
,Recommended,266130,20907413,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,BrownKidC,Amazing game and great rewards system.
,Recommended,266130,20900137,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Gotmilk,lov it
,Recommended,266130,20870830,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Pepper,A fun Tactical special forces strategy game which can give quite a challenge if you are looking for one.It was however brought over from mobile and this deas heavily impact the graphics and occasional input lag.i would still recommend this if you dont mind the graphics as it is still very enjoyable
,Recommended,266130,11241861,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Nillers,"It's a very addicting, 5-second interval, customizable game. 9/10."
,Recommended,266130,27547095,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KosikCZ,Best mobile port ever....
,Recommended,266130,23547550,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Bладккума,"This game reminds me of a game named Mordern Tactics. I'd say Breach And Clear is more difficult, and of course, more fun at the same time.I'd rate it 10/10, worth buying and excellent"
76561198002045168,Recommended,266130,23525212,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,homeunt,"Linux version has many bugs, including no sound bug.It's a good game overall, but there are glitchy parts to it."
76561198071627106,Recommended,266130,23540261,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,AlALucas,"Good game, fun, once or twice saw a bug."
,Recommended,266130,24105094,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,cryhai,"It's your average turn-based, military strategy game. Pretty addictive and fun."
,Recommended,266130,17818876,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Dareon,"Solid tactical shootymans action, playable on old and underpowered hardware.  Design is tight and levels are short, if it took less time to load and exit I'd call it a coffee-break game. If you played X-COM Enemy Unknown/Within and thought the battles needed to be shorter and tighter, give this one a shot.The main draw for most people is probably going to be gun porn, there are dozens of gun and gear options, most of which only require the money you get from clearing missions.  Additional guns, however, are unlocked by scoring well on those missions.  It's a cumulative thing, so if you do horribly on 10-20 missions, you get the same gun as if you did great on five missions.  And of course you can replay the missions to get better rankings.Sound design is nothing to write home about. Guns go bang (or more of a clank when suppressed), terrorists go ow, your soldiers deliver canned soundbites, music is the generic vaguely patriotic military score.  It doesn't interfere with the experience."
,Recommended,266130,17656522,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Skitteh,"Really enjoyable and rewarding SWATing simulator.Would recommend as a game to pick up and put down whenever, but not really one to get to involved with.Achievements are a little buggy so watch out for that."
76561198163480812,Recommended,266130,17529968,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,LAQUANDA THE PAKI,jolly good fun
76561197994855401,Recommended,266130,17561362,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Ishan451,"While I wouldn't necessarily compare the game to X-Com, neither new nor old, it is hard not to draw some parallels, considering both are Turnbased Tactics games. Breach & Clear has more in common with Frozen Synapse than it does have in common with X-Com though.The gameplay is rather simple. Enemies are randomly seeded into a map, where they will do their terroristy things like inspecting the carpet in an otherwise empty room, and you are tasked with clearing the bad guys, finding a hostage/bomb or escaping to an exfil location. The random seeding of the enemy gives the game quite a bit of replay-ability.Each level has one or more entry points and you as the player are tasked with dividing your 4 people team among the entry points and then go from there. You plan each move in its entirety and then once you have planned it, you execute said plan. Covering all the angels, trying to use cover to your advantage or throw flashbangs or regular grenades into an area to deal with the enemy.The game's simplicity is also its strength. Nobody ever said that chess was a boring game because it had a bunch of simple rules and Breach & Clear is like that as well. You do have a couple tactical options but for the most part its simple facing, facing and positioning, that wins the day.Graphically the game isn't impressive, but being a spiritual successor to Frozen Synapse it is still a step up from a blue backdrop and green and red enemies. Also I can't quite put my finger on it, why I am liking this game more than I did Frozen Synapse, but I also couldn't name any real difference between the two other than Breach & Clear having the more appealing aesthetic.Breach & Clear also offers a class and level system, with your team getting more experienced and unlocking more abilities. And there is a shop allowing you to buy new unlocked weapons, equipment and cosmetic items.All in all a solid game with, at the very least, the early missions taking about 10 to 15 minutes tops."
,Recommended,266130,17566457,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Who am I?,"One of the best tactical RTS games I've bought for $3 CAD.The game does get repetative after a while (I am 1.5hrs into and already getting a bit repetative), and the graphics are a bit dated. Also, the gun shots will scare you - make sure to turn your volume down...However, the soundtrack is pretty good; customazition of your squad is fairly deep; the game is easy to grasp; simple gameplay, and it doesn't try anything too complicated.TL;DRIf this game is on sale, get it. If not, wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,266130,17572513,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,The Black Bitch,tis gud
,Recommended,266130,17575325,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Zombie Lenin,"A somewhat simpler, real life Frozen Synapse.You can see it's a mobile game from some textures, but not too bad. Worth 3-5€, gonna finish it."
,Recommended,266130,17576690,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,GabrielTheGreat,"Really enjoy this game, would recommend. Its like Xcom except more team oriented."
76561198035414045,Recommended,266130,17557255,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Source4man,"Interesting game, first time I've played a strategy game of its type. That said, I've already pretty much run through the game, and although there is absolutely several hours more replayability, I really want some more DLC levels or something."
76561198006061781,Recommended,266130,17558593,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Juggernut,"The reason why i bought it the 80% off but I must say I am very impressed by this rather small game.It is turned based and resembles the XCOM franchise but with a some big differences. Instead of being limited to one action each round every soldier can take out as many enemy soldiers they spott on their route. The time limit makes you wanna repeat the different missions to beat you previous time. Earn money and buy new gear. Gain XP and lvl your team up, Try different tactics and refine your squad line up. All is possible in the pursuit of killing bandits.Straight forward instructions and easy to learn.Very fine balance between tactics and fast game play.So if you enjoy the XCOM franchise pick this game up.Rating: 4.5/5"
,Recommended,266130,17560715,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,caluyadiver,"Strangely addictive tactical SimulationBreach & Clear is a small squad based tactical simulation.You manage a Squad of 4 soldiers to fulfill different technical scenarios.- Terrorist hunt (clear all hostiles),- Bomb Squad (Find and defuse one or multiple Bombs)- Escape Plan (where your Squad is separated all over the map and has to reunite and find a way out alive.- One scenario takes around 2-10 min.- You can go loud (breach the doors with explosives) our stealth.- RPG elements, your squad has ability progression. like accuracy, reaction, health etc..- 6 different classes, every class has some specialties (Healing, 360 shoot, 2 Grenades etc.). they do not really matter until you start playing on higher difficulty. if you try to master the game on insane, your class choice and composition of your squad will differ from scenario to scenario type.- in-game marketplace with a decent amount of different weapons and equipment to personalize your squadOverall it is strangely addictive, I do highly recommend the game.The game has a high re-playability I come back to it over and over again. if you like tactical games, military scenarios and turn-based gameplay and you are looking for an entertaining game which does not absorb you for days, that's the game you are looking for. especially if it is on sale, grab it! you will have fun for at least 10hours. some achievements are a bit grindy, if you wanne go for 100% completion you will need at least 60h+."
76561198111578725,Recommended,266130,17470556,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Formor Grand Wizard Of The KKK,Good Game but repetative
76561198132906430,Recommended,266130,17421752,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,caleblimb,"Great strategy game. While I cant say its worth $15, it is a solid tactical strategy 'game'. Some of the aspects are not nearly realistic enough to make it a simulator or training tool. Some graphical glitches are really annoying but I managed to get rid of most of them them by turning the graphics down so meh. The game may lack content and variety which is why the price tag isn't very justifiable but if its on sale then it might be worth a purchase."
76561198124175343,Recommended,266130,16483949,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[J.A.M.]SLICK,"Amazing tactical game. It's in depth, but very easy to get a handle on. The tactics are very realistic and the gameplay is as fast paced as you make it. Lots and lots of levels and game modes with varying difficulty modes. Lots of customization of squads and squad members. Lots of factions to choose from. Overall, an awesome tactical shooter game that everyone who likes military or action or strategy games, should play. Well worth the price and more."
76561198104297357,Recommended,266130,16491297,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,isetyawan,"Pros:+ Realistic take on CQB action.+ WEGO format, giving both the satisfying action of CQB and the chance to contemplate and plan tactics for your troops.+ Typical scenario is short enough to be played as a quick, yet satisfying, lunchbreak distraction.Cons:- No complete replay feature (a la Doorkickers), you can only view replay the last turn.- Graphics is spartan. Even the program icon (at least in the Mac version) is low-res and looks ugly compared to other icons.- Different special forces options doesn't seem to offer much difference in gameplay.Bottomline:This is a perfect game for those of us who wished to relive the glory days of realistic FPS (e.g. the original Rainbow Six) but who no longer have either the time, reflexes nor sufficient computing power to play the current batch of FPS."
,Recommended,266130,28586764,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BFG4_ScrmE,Best half dollar i have ever spent. simple as that.
76561198064627722,Recommended,266130,28514111,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MajorRE,"Simple concept, great turn-based tactical combat"
76561198050240944,Recommended,266130,28337934,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,GhostKeeper,A very very fun game! You actually have to think about what your doing before you follow through. You can't just go in guns blazing. Very good game! I would recommend this to any and all of my friends that enjoy tactical games!
76561198096742032,Recommended,266130,27079314,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,senkiasenswe,I paid 1.50 for the game because of a sale. I will recommend it for that price. I will not recommend it for more than 2.50. I got almost 5 hours of gameplay out of it. So take it for what its worth.
,Recommended,266130,27599906,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dwatch,Swat + Xcom=B&C
,Recommended,266130,27759407,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,US Marine Hyde,"Good top-down tactical shooter that (at higher difficulties) needs the player to think ahead and strategize to succeed. I have found that bomb defusal and terrorist hunt are the most fun gamemodes and my only con of this game is the escape gamemode (it's a really stupid gamemode the devs added in to add more hours of playability) It is a game I recommend and you can easily get at least 30 hours out of it, or more if you decide to max out your squad."
76561198116186772,Recommended,266130,27766394,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JieTee,"Awesome little game for the Price , The Game is ""like"" a 3D version of ""Door Kickers"" with a Turn Based system.Many Hours of Fun Enjoyable Gameplay (single Player)."
76561198343959609,Recommended,266130,27535518,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ramlok0,"Great fun, tactical game, similar to UFO or Jagged alliance with nice graphics."
,Recommended,266130,33315267,Posted: 6 July,all,dewbertb,"I usually wait until I finish a game to review it, but this one has earned a thumbs up from me already! I got this game at a great price during the Summer Sale (90% off!) - but could see having some misgivings if I had paid full price. I have been really grooving on turn-based strategy games recently and this game scratches my itch well!! It's a bit like Rainbow Six in that you can choose between SEALs, SAS, Spetsnaz, etc. You can also customize the weapon (including optics, IR, grip, trigger) and equipment on each squad member. I like the variety of mission locations, multiple modes for each location (Terrorist Hunt, Bomb Defusal, and Escape Plan), that each mission takes 5 minutes or less to complete, and that difficulty & breaching technique can be changed. I found this game to offer plenty of replayability to try different tactics or attempt to improve ratings.I recommend this game to any turn-based strategy fans... just maybe wait until it's on sale!!"
,Recommended,266130,33331093,Posted: 6 July,all,Fr0sty | Dragon Caliber,> Play mobile Version> Buy on PC during Summer Sale> Strip Down ranger team> Four star every map on elite> Play the Escape mode thing> Dies on Spawn> Goes back to defusewould rage again 10/10
,Recommended,266130,33402243,Posted: 9 July,all,CloudBreaker,"As someone who really doesn't like turn based games, I have to say this is without a doubt one of my favorite games in my library. If you're looking for some hardcore FPS then go elsewhere. But if you want something to just chill and kill time with then this is the game for you. The graphics and sound are both up to par, and the character customization while it may not be that of some other games is pretty good. Loadout options are amazing, and weapon customization is simple but effective. Definitely reccomend this game."
,Recommended,266130,33570849,Posted: 15 July,all,so sweet I kill diabetics,"This game is awesome. I like Door Kickers more because it is more fluid. I like Breach & Clear more because it has better graphics, replays, loadouts and situations. I like this more in general, but I wish it had breach mechanics like Door Kickers because I really don't like to sit around and think about it after breaching as much as this game wants me to."
76561198032345390,Recommended,266130,33549251,Posted: 14 July,all,Nyet Diem,"Great game, lots of hours in enjoyment."
,Recommended,266130,32231308,Posted: 6 June,all,Milkman,*Clearing rooms  intensifies*
76561198027069676,Recommended,266130,32262193,Posted: 7 June,all,FlameJet,"This is a completionist game. Military turn based strategy. if you need more story than strategy, probably wont have much fun. You can manage a small squad through a skirmish / map, and control several variables inside of that. Trying different squad combinations (all shotgun crew, or 2 snipes and 2 heavy guners, etc), skill tree / talents, and with those you can get really invested into your team, IF you want to. if you just want to beat the game, it wont take long. If you want to get highest score in each campain, you'll have fun.typical turn:setup - chose your team and their equipment, such as drones, medpacks, etc. chose your starting point for each soldier. you can chose all 4 to burst into one door, or 2 teams of 2, however you like.  (if applicable in the game type. some, you start spread out on the map and try to escape).turn planning - you pick one of your troops. you have a movement distance, so you chose where you want him to go. you chose how: sprinting, walking, etc. you chose WHERE HE LOOKS during that movement. you can get really specific with this, as in, take to steps, look left down that hall, take 2 more steps, look straight, last 2 steps, look right. i havent played another game that allows this, and it's smooth transitions between focal points. try to put your guy's head on a swivel, and he'll probably see nothing, but have him cover a direction, walk with a squadmate that covers the other direction. you chose where you want to toss a grenade, or who you want to use the medpack on an injured comrade. once you got your turn planned, you execute itexecution - you click the go button, and watch your plan unfold, did you have your guy looking the wrong way? did you have 1 soldier toss a flashbang while another walked right past him into the blast radius? did you sneak past the sniper without taking a shot in the face? could you have got that 1 bad guy hiding in the corner without losing a solider if you had come in a different entrance?If you enjoy trying to get the best possible outcome with different setups of teams, using different styles of play, you'll have fun. If you need to know why the shotgunner carries a shotgun, or if you need backstory on the captian of the barge you're clearing out, you probably wont. It's a Turn-Based military strategy game from a commanders view, and not much more."
76561198055309796,Recommended,266130,32199190,Posted: 5 June,all,WinterSplinterM.II,"I got in on sale for 1 euro and I have to admit that I am so far really loving this game.As someone who has been in the military in real life I can say that this actually feels pretty realistic. I used the same tactis that I learned in the military and I can see that it works pretty well.It makes you feel like a total badass which is very nice and there is plenty of customization options be it guns and armor or just general gadgets and small amount of character customization.The game is very short but if you get it for 1 euro like me, then it doesn't really matter all that much.The graphics can be outdated but since you are playing mostly in bird-eye view, it is hardly unnoticable.Buy this game if it is on sale"
,Recommended,266130,31776568,Posted: 15 May,all,Tom | g2a.com,"love this game! sadly it only has around 7 hours of gameplay before you complete it, would love to see more content added."
76561198035054121,Recommended,266130,32462092,Posted: 15 June,all,Viking,"I must admit I didn't know what I'd think of this game when I bought it, I went in with an open mind! However I can now say I'm really enjoying it. It's simple and easy to play. So far, so good - I've lost two of my first squad members and the replacements are having to fill big boots!"
,Recommended,266130,32688029,Posted: 23 June,all,namiuo,"At first, I loved the idea of this game. However, I was expecting something a little more along the lines of XCOM when I first began. I was disillusioned quickly and realized this game is about something other than firesquad tactics. It is more about taking advantage of surprise and making that perfect setup for a perfect entry and clear opposed to just loading in and blowing everything up with grenades. Tactical sense rating for this game in my opinion is about an 8. There doesnt seem to be much room left tactically than whats here. Gameplay wise, I only spent about 4 hours playing this game so clearly I did not master nor beat it but I would give gameplay about a 6 or 7. It wasnt enough for me personally to remain enthralled, but I am sure others will find it quite fun and a matter of pride setting up for perfection. Great game!"
,Recommended,266130,28698763,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kozak,A Seriously Good TBS!!
,Recommended,266130,29759434,Posted: 7 February,all,Lumnuon,"---Important: Game was bought in a sale---Pros:-Pretty motivating progression System with a lot of gear selection and stat editing-Gameplay is fun and offers enough gameplay depth-Graphics are decent considering the game is already a few years oldCons:-Walls do not become see-through when necessary which causes issues from time to time-Controlls (especially the menus) feel clunky-Compared the Doorkickers the game offers not as much gameplay depth (no breach options after the first door, less actions that can be ordered for a move, etc.)Overall the game is fun and I don´t regret buying it in a !sale!, I wouldn´t buy it for the current full price though. Gameplay wise I think Doorkickers is superior because it offers more options to complete a mission. On the other hand ""Breach & Clear"" offers a better character modification and the soldiers act more realistically (lean around corners, etc.). The same is true for the graphics which I prefer over ""Doorkickers"" comic look."
,Recommended,266130,27791085,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,si,p90 rush b
,Recommended,266130,30349225,Posted: 5 March,all,Killer Microphone,It's a great game... But they could've add more thing's so then the gameplay will be more fun and less repetitive.
,Recommended,266130,33644375,Posted: 18 July,all,Left To Kill,"This game isn't completely meant to be fun. Not even sure if its meant to be a game. It is tactical, and its the most realistic a  simulator is going to get. If you want to simulate yourself being a commanding officer guiding 4 operatives through a nest of terrorists, this is the game for you. (Who wouldn't want to simulate that?)"
76561198254008407,Recommended,266130,19089839,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,HonorWolfGaming,"This game is  a great tactical squad based strategy game, however based on the total playability time it is only worth buying whilst on sale. 7/10"
76561198228941028,Recommended,266130,34657753,Posted: 1 September,all,casual_gamer_guy,"It's quite entertaining, but can get tedious after several hours, partly due to lack of real storyline. In some combination of maps and game modes, you can have relatively large mob of enemies just rushing your squad (or being placed around individual members of your squad at beginning of a level). This greatly reduces the tactlcal ""feel"" of the game. On a more minor note, the inventory system could be improved to make it easier to buy or equip stuff between missions. The game is not ""bad"" per se, and I bought it at a sale, so considering the price I paid I'll still give it a thumbs up. Suggest waiting for a significant discount."
,Recommended,266130,35217280,Posted: 26 September,all,lieven,"Very cool game if you like XCOM and Rainbox Six. Unfortunately, there's not much depth in the game and after a few hours I lost focus. If you can buy it into a sale for a few $/€, don't hesitate. You'll have good fun!"
,Recommended,266130,35230033,Posted: 26 September,all,Tyrole Smoochie-Wallace,"The first tactical turn-based strategy I played was Valkyria Chronicles, which is amazing if you're into anime-looking♥♥♥♥♥♥and also like the genre. I picked this little game up for a buck fifty and have been super addicted for awhile. It's a much smaller game than XCOM so it doesn't feel like a huge committment to get into. Haven't seen any bugs yet. Definitely keeping me interested in the replay value since your squad's stats and weapons are constantly improving. Really a nice little game. 10/10."
,Recommended,266130,35221612,Posted: 26 September,all,Galiean,"The perfect ""quick"" game for when I have a few moments to kill.  You can scale the difficulty from absurdly easy to punishingly brutal - and let's face it - it's a fun concept.  This game is like the Rainbow Six of the XCOM-style genre of games."
76561198001949527,Recommended,266130,35268607,Posted: 28 September,all,tjknight83,"It's pretty fun, but in spite of the devs, not because of them.Unintuitive controls, inexplicable game control decisions (you throw a flashbang but you can't have your team wait for it to go off before entering), sometimes appalling AI. Nevertheless, sweeping through rooms and tactically clearing them out is really satisfying.I got it when it was 75% off. Don't spend more than that."
