user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,266210,12691044,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Blood Flowers,"It is hard to sum up One Way Heroics into just a few words, so let me give you a couple paragraphs. (If you're the sort that likes to go ""tl;dr"" then just scroll to the bottom, but I mean, then why are you even reading reviews to begin with?)I picked this game up for <$0.60 when it was sale during the summer. I have to say, those were the best $0.60 I have ever spent. One Way Heroics doesn't appeal to you with stunning graphics, rich storytelling, or intricate gameplay. Instead, it is more retro gaming, silly short tales, and an easy to pick-up set of controls. Now you might be wondering, why would I want something like that? Arguably everything but simplicity of the controls could be considered negative or at least niche.  One Way Heroics doesn't offer high spec gaming while emptying your wallet - what you're buying is meaningless fun and entertainment.When I first opened this game and started an adventure, I found myself with my silly little 2D character talking to a ""Naughty King Victor"" about the darkness at the left of my screen that would attempt to eat me until I killed the Demon Lord. Yes, clearly the storyline could use some work, but as I struggled to kill weak mobs and then stronger demons I found myself falling for this game. Everything was fairly straightforward and the desire to complete achievements, ""save the world,"" and become a true hero compels you to play over and over again. It doesn't take several hours to do a run through like a quest in some RPG, just 30 minutes or so if you're short on time. Yet, you can play longer sessions that go for tens of hours depending completely on what you want to do and how much time you have - and those hours? They were some fun hours.I won't try to tell you that you'll be so entranced with One Way Heroics that you'll spend thousands of hours playing it - you probably won't. But it's easy to lose 10, 20, maybe even 100 hours of your life having fun by sending your hero towards the right of your screen. Was that worth my 60 cents while it was on sale? Definitely. Is it worth the full $3.49? Absolutely. Most of us play games to have fun - and One Way Heroics delivers.tl;dr?If you're a hardcore gamer looking for a game with brilliant graphics and intricate/competitive gameplay to drop thousands of hours on, I think you're better off somewhere else.If you're someone looking to spend 10-100 hours having fun in your spare time? Buy One Way Heroics."
,Recommended,266210,15583232,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,(◕ ◡ ◕)つRefia™,"One of the more overlooked games on Steam (probably because it was made in Wolf RPG Editor), this game was actually made by the creator of Wolf RPG Editor. In this game, you have to battle against the screen scrolling basically. If you get scrolled off the screen, you die. There are lots of interesting RPG elements at play here, such as different classes, leveling, skills, weapons, partners, and more. You can also save some items from your failed runs to use for the next run. The game is procedurally generated, and you can play worlds other people played by entering their world's seed. The game will also show you who was/is online on the same map you are. There are daily maps to explore and this game has a ton of depth you might not expect just looking at it. The expanded version is out on Playism and coming to Steam in the near future, but this version is well worth playing on its own."
,Recommended,266210,11102796,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Drakii,"Being a big fan of Anime, turn based RPG's and rogue-like games, I was very curious with One Way Heroics, having an accessible price, I decided to risk buying it and check it out, truth be told I would never thought I'd love this game so much as I do, it completely caught me by surprise.The mechanics are quite simple, you're forced to go eastwards in an 8 character string world (that is randomly generated each play-through) in order to avoid a mysterious mist that is covering the planet.Each decision you take being a dialogue option, attacking, defending, healing, equipping and so on, will be counted as a turn, each turn you do the mist will also do his in parallel so you'll have to make sure to not fall behind or your play-through will be over, so you'll have to have special attention to which decisions or paths you should take, sometimes you'll feel compelled to explore a dungeon and find new items but the mist can prove to be too risky since you'll always have that constant threat looming next to you.You have different ways of ending one play-through depending of the difficulty and the game mode you're playing, you can achieve victory by killing the demon king, by reaching the end of the world, by killing a secret boss and so on, in order to spice it up the developers decided to make some random events, cities and quests to make the game more interesting and more unique in each play-through.The game UI is quite simple and it does well its job, the game soundtracks are fun and memorable but they can get a bit repetitive after a while, the art style ain't phenomenal by any means but overall it has an interesting and unique presentation to it.The game is very affordable and full of content, it has great replay value, so I'd like to recommend to all of you who is thinking about getting this underrated gem, you'll love it!"
76561197995854304,Recommended,266210,17745124,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Yawning soldier,"So, after finally clearing the game and seeing 95% of what it has to offer, I figured I could give my two cents to people considering wether to buy this game.Simple version? Buy it. Longer version:PlotThe setting itself is quite simple. You are the hero, saving the world from darkness that's devouring everything. And to do that you have to kill Demon Lord, who's somewhere over there ------>That's basically it, but there is so much more, if you care to search for it. Game is filled with alternative endings, hidden classes, party members... Well, you get the point. It actually makes me really sad that only 4,6% of players have invested time to complete the game in some other way, than beating the Demon Lord, as they are missing out on great plot, that's just hidden within seemingly generic RPG storyline.GameplayAs you embark to find the Demon Lord somewhere over that ------> way in randomly generated world, the said darkness is chasing you, destroying villages, killing the monsters and, most important of all, keeping you from stopping.  On your way you'll encounter multitude of different terrain types, villages, dungeons, enemies, merchants, friends, (friendly) ghosts of other players and so on. The further you go, the harder game becomes.Combat is very much in retro RPG style. You act ---> your party members act ----> enemies act. Extra agility can get you (or enemies) multiple moves in a row. There are status ailments, buffs, critical hits and plenty other things involved as well.DifficultyThe game lets you pick the difficulty setting from Walk in a park, Afternoon Stroll, Grueling Campaign or Inhumane odysseu, but even the Walk in a park isn't exactly a cakewalk for newcomer, while Inhumane Odysseu often catches even experienced players by surprise. You also choose your class, perks, and wether you'd like to start with some items from your previous misadventures, so game lets you have very much control over the level of difficulty.OverallI enjoyed this game immensely. When i got it for around 0,60€, I felt like I was robbing the developer, because this game is a rare gem that has great potential. So I was just happy to pay the 5-ish € for the new DLC, as I felt I had finally paid him back.The game is addictive (albeit a bit repetitive), and easily triggers the ""ONE MORE RUN"" -feeling, that made me waste many evenings while trying to overcome hardest ordeals the game had to throw at me."
,Recommended,266210,32409054,Posted: 14 June,all,gameandbox,"The enjoyment and fun I have had playing this game is beyond most other games. Turn based battling has never been this thrilling because tense moments of danger pop up frequently and force the player to make hard strategic decisions! The story and nods to comedy in the character's banter was very surprising. Sad moments pop up too and there are oh so happy endings after completing a playthrough. A game such as this is definitely one of my top faves plus the replayability is such that you can spend hours with the secrets and varied difficulties. Also, you can power up gear between characters. The game is a true gem. *PaNtY ShOt* ^_^"
76561198011368292,Recommended,266210,9295105,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Vynik21,"Just started playing it not too long ago, but so far, you can't argue with the quality of the game for the price.It's obscenely replayable, a lot of fun, and a great coffee break roguelike, especially with mid play saves available.  There seem to be absolute tons of classes and perks, with a lot of strategy being offered after runs with ""Hero Points"" which allow you to expand your Dimensional Vault (to transfer powerful items between characters), unlock perks, and unlock classes.It's certainly worth its price, almost no question about it.  There are a few small problems with the game, such as there being no mouse support whatsoever.  You can't click on anything, so you have to scroll using the keyboard.It plays much more fluidly with a controller, so do yourself a favor and hook one up before starting the game.  I guarantee you you'll have more fun that way.It's only 3 bucks right now and 3.50 at full price!  Go pick it up!  Play it!  Defeat the Demon Lord, hero!UPDATE:  Lately, I've been having a lot of crashing issues with the game, which is frustrating.  I'm not sure if it's a change in my system or just a bug that presents itself a couple hours into the game.  I'd likely say it's due to changes in my system, since I've seen no similar complaints in other reviews.However, I just want to mention it just in case."
76561198129635075,Recommended,266210,19326059,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Copehill077,"Sold everything I had to a poor merchant for silvers, made him get mauled by a bear, took the stuff he dropped, walked away with 50,000 silvers and all my stuff and extra, rinsed and repeated with every town I come upon. Got 999.999 silvers and became the richest man in the world where money doesn't matter anymore because everyone is dying. put on a bracelet that bloody merchant lying on the ground had, sacrificing half my stats but getting 3x experience, after 10 days I rose to level 649 and became an all powerful God. One-hit killed everyone I came across by punching it in the face. True story.Actual Review of the Game:Totally worth the price when it goes on sale like the Steam Summer Sale and the Winter Exploration Sale where it gets to less than a buck. There's 8 classes (only a couple in the beginning), but 24 sprites to choose fun. The worlds are randomly generated and filled with a lot of content that take a long time to go through, finding almost a new thing everytime. After a long time, my brother and I went through every NPC, companion, items, and weapons you could go through, but it never got boring because it's so different (yet the same) every time! I just recently got the DLC One Way Heroics Plus and it has about 3x the content now comparing it to the original, much more aesthetics and features that got me into it again. The music that is seen throughout the different biomes, towns, and bosses is also really good enough that I put them on my phone because you can find them online for free. Its just awesome overall.I r8 8/8 m8 no h8, it gr8"
,Recommended,266210,13275578,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Lord Whirlin,"To be perfectly honest, I didn't expect that much for the $3.50 full price of the game.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The number of hours of gameplay to price has proven to be a solid purchase.I do not wish to oversell.  This is a solid game.  It has both pros and cons.  However, at this price point, it's a very high return on price.The Pros are that it's a 2d sidescrolling, roguelike, fantasy style game that contains elements of progression post rogue-like death.  The unique aspect of the game is that the world is constantly scrolling to the right, and that if the hero is trapped on the far left of the screen, it's game over.  The game offers a few classes, with more unlocked as you continue to play through, and the ability to carry forward items (how many items can be expanded as well).  It's a typical 2d fantasy style throwback game.The Cons of this game is the seemingly random difficulty at times.  Experiencing impossible creatures right outside the starting castle, and random event demons that you can't avoid.  This can be painful if you're trying to clear with a particular class and have dedicated some game clearing items towards your hero!  As mentioned in other reviews, there's also random map loading, which can hurt continuity of the game, but is overall relatively minor.With all of this in mind, I believe buyers will experience a good playtime/cost ratio with this game."
,Recommended,266210,16788479,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,👾 🅼 🅰❎ツ,"It's like a mix of old final fantasy games and a little bit of half minute hero. There is limited time to be in one place, because the darkness is moving from the left side. It's funny because you need to slowly move to the right. There are many perks to unlock, new classes and other things. Gameplay is not that bad and the further you get the more exciting it is. The worlds are random generated so don't need to worry if you forget where have you been last time. This game is good for one or two shots from time to time otherwise it may be boring."
76561197996668062,Recommended,266210,13513090,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tally,"By this point, we all know what a roguelike is, even if the exact distinctions have become muddled. Perhaps many of you play roguelikes fanatically. I am not talking games like Binding of Isaac or FTL. I am talking ADOM, Nethack, Dungeon Crawl, those sorts.Those of you who do play those games may feel at times that their greatest strengths, their vast complexity and length, can often become overbearing and intimidating. By the end of any roguelike, the game becomes exhaustive. You've been at that game for days just for that one playthrough. And how many times did you have to die just to learn every special situation, and figure out every monster along the way to victory? These games require a lot of cognitive overhead and rote memorization.Doesn't it seem counterintuitive that I write a gripe about roguelikes in a recommendation for a roguelike? Yes, sure, but this is exactly what One Way Heroics tries to shy away from. It is a true roguelike, but it shies away from the issues I stated before. It plays fast and simple. You could expect to complete a full game within a few hours, and it provides enough of a challenge that it isn't a pushover for it. The wall of death to your left also rids you of the tedium of stashes and grinding.Your perspective of the game may be different from mine, but this is the most important aspect to me. This is how I sum up the game and why I play it.I play roguelikes for their nuanced and complex gameplay.I play One Way Heroics for its simplicity and short length per playthrough."
,Recommended,266210,10767066,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kyoko ♛,"Alright listen closely. This game is really, REALLY good. Especially for it's price! It's literally a steal! You may be thinking from the screenshots ""Oh no. Another RPG Maker game."" It isn't! This guy used his own engine that was sorta inspired off of RPG maker I believe. So lets get down to what the game actually is.You are the hero. Or at least lets hope so! You can choose your class and perks and your gender. There are over 5 classes with their own set of weapons and skills and passive ability and you will be playing the game differently with each one. The game has an online element per sey. You can see in your top left corner who has died in the world you are in. As in players. So if you tell a friend the world you generated, the name of then they can play in the same world and you can see when they die or stuff.You cannot see them in your game. Just see their status and their stats at the top left appearing every now and then.In the game you will be running to the right a lot of the time from darkness. If it gets too close to you then you get swallowed by it and killed! Game over! You need to keep running in this randomly generated world to meet and defeat the demon lord! Get as good equipment as possible! Befriend everyone you can!I personally think this game is 100% worth it's money. It's a great rogue-lite and if you are fond of those then you will love this."
,Recommended,266210,15613430,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Alex[UA],"Fairy-tale with references to JRPG & Dragon Quest in particular.This is 'indie' at it's finest-not for the sake of following someone's example,or lack of artistic skills.It is (nearly) perfect as it isDeveloper of this little gem is sure passionate about his creation,and it shows.Music is what changes this from simple roguelike into captivating magical journey.Even through all of it is free sound tracks from the net-every piece fits perfectly into the game.Art,humour,lots of secrets-also add to the charm.Even failing and failing and failing again,I,personally never felt irritated or tired.It's magic,I tell you.It's like one NeverEnding Story.I may be a hopeless romantic and even more hopeless nerd,but really,this game needs no analysis nor ratings.It's just very bright,simple(for a roguelike,that is)and fun.What else do you need from games?"
,Recommended,266210,13084174,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,darksiren,"Roguelikes are my favorite type of game. Since the old days of Rogue and Hack, indie developers from all over have taken the basic ideas of roguelike games (procedurally developed worlds, blistering difficulty and permadeath, for example) and ran with it.One Way Heroics literally ""runs with it"" by providing a game that forces you to keep running forward until you reach your destination: your final battle with the Demon Lord threatening the world. The parts of the world you leave behind are gradually consumed by a darkness that will devour you, too, if you wait too long or try to backtrack. So, in order to survive your encounter with the Demon Lord, you have to prepare yourself by gathering items and equipment and gaining levels on the way.Replayability is high due to the fact you can use Hero Points gained from a previous playthrough to help your next incarnation succeed better or faster than before. There's the Dimensional Vault, where you can leave your best items behind for the next play-through. You can also unlock new advantages or even new classes, for greater variety and strategy. You may also choose to run through the same world next time, rather than generating a new one, meaning that you can remember where towns, dungeons, merchants and particularly dangerous enemies are on the map, and approach or flee from them accordingly.The game itself is a short one, which is good for those of us busy folks who want gaming in small bites. You can sit and finish a play-through in less than an hour. But there are multiple worlds (including multiplayer ones hosted online) and modes if you get bored of the standard game. I suspect there is more depth and content in this game than I have begun to scratch the surface of, because it requires many playthroughs to get to.Would definitely play again (and again)!"
76561198035591734,Recommended,266210,10827827,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Inkborne,"I picked this up on sale for like 87 cents, but this is one of those games where I wish I'd paid more.  It's a great game, the devs deserved more money.  BUY IT.  PLAY IT."
,Recommended,266210,16822358,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,"「Sir Rinzelton III, Esq.」","I use Zenura Weave, sacrificing my clothing for power.I go into a town and people judged me, the one that's saving them all, for not wearing anything.I run into the Demon Lord, who is a lonely reject hellbent on killing everyone in the world.Since we both weren't accepted, we ultimately joined forces and ran across the entire world together, allowing everyone of those townsfolk to suffer from the darkness.All in all, this game is a beautiful story about discrimination, friendship, streaking, punching cute animals, and acceptance."
,Recommended,266210,16538023,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[T.I.] Zexion,"I bought One Way Heroics due to the plethora of positive reviews I saw...and because it was .69 cents in the steam summer sale. ;D However, I must say it has been the BEST .69 cents I have ever spent. I have put in over 10 hours of addictive gameplay, wondrous music, and hilarious and/or close-call moments in less than a week; all of which is wrapped up into one simple--but nothing less than amazing--game.I can not emphasize enough how much I recommend that others get this game. It is not difficult to play, but can be hard to master, especially on harder difficulties. Finally, it is user-friendly and truly allows the player to challenge themselves or take it easy (whatever they feel like at the time they play). Great for all ages as long as they like the genres and style of gameplay this game has to offer."
,Recommended,266210,13014193,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Impulse Manslaughter,"Great little game.  I have no idea what I am doing, and I suck at it, but I keep playing.  Really nice.It's a fast paced RPG type game.  You have to keep traveling to the right because ""Darkness"" is moving in that direction.  If the darkness catches up to you, the game is over.  You have to keep building up your character by leveling up and gaining better equipment.  This is complicated by having to face enemies and fighting.  All the while the ""Darkness"" keeps approaching.  This is all leading up to the battle with the final boss.  You gain points that you can use to unlock more classes and perks.  The game is quick and you can play several times within an hour.  Great little time killer and really well done."
76561198125816349,Recommended,266210,12560276,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,xbladeist,"This game. This game has a lot of fun things to do. It's a simplistic but still very hard game.YOU WILL DIE! But it won't be that bad since you can keep the stuff you like and then go on and use it on the next character...or not. You could keep leveling that piece of equipment to the best there is so that you can beat the big bad dude.This game also has an interesting plot that isn't shoehorned in your face. You have to find it, and to do some you must* Goes on to ramble about how long it might take one to find and also why* But after that it's smooth sailing.The classes are very varied. I mean yeah you could change them to your will sure but their core mechanics is one thing you can't remove thus it (The game) reccomends you to play with that class strengths.It's a simplistic yet very fun game."
,Recommended,266210,33261316,Posted: 4 July,all,Bem Pls,"Saw some summer sale dorks posting lousy, unfair reviews on this and had to write a counter.It's a roguelike with a very solid premise in that you have to run away from a constantly moving darkness on the left side of the screen. If you are consumed by the darkness your run immediately ends, resulting in a forced sidescroller type game. It's actually quite intuitive, and the game teaches you to adapt very quickly. Expect to fail a lot in the beginning.The system is subtlely brilliant in that it requires you to play in a number of different ways. Even if you make mistakes or a bad situation RNGs itself upon you, you can use your resources to play your way out. And if you do make a mistake that is actually fatal, it will definitely feel deserved. ""Bad luck"" is more often the result of ill preparation and poor management.To make the game more interesting, there are various objectives and classes to choose from that vary the play experience. Additionally, you can choose from different 'perks' in order to build your character how you choose, or to even make the game more difficult for yourself.Each of the ally NPCs in the game are charming to look at and have their own unique personalities and dialogue. I won't spoil any of it, but the bonding process and backstory of the game that slowly comes to light through them is a delightful experience that adds a lot of color to the game. The art is handdrawn from the looks of it, and is pretty refreshing to be honest. Sprites are mostly what you'd see in RPG maker games, seeing as how the original engine is based off of Wolf.I won't say it's impossible to get random'd (darn teleport pills), but the decision making in the long run is what makes the experience. If you want a challenge, try tougher win conditions on harder difficulties! There are many ways to customize your run, so you can adjust the edge as much as you like.The least satisfying thing about the game is probably the content. This is remedied quite a bit with the Plus Edition DLC, which I STRONGLY recommend for the sake of balance and expansion. If you are playing vanilla and you don't think it's enough, I definitely think Plus is the way the game is meant to be played. Of course, this means shilling out more $$$ for a more complete game. However, purchasing Plus not only supports the localization, but the original developer of the game as well.This is a really quick RPG roguelike experience with an easy to understand system, but it comes with a surprising amount of depth that's fun to explore. Daily worlds make completionist goals much easier, and adds a bit of fun to the game by comparing your runs with other participants in Online mode.At the very least, I would recommend giving this indie classic a fair try. If you can get your hands on Plus, the game is priceless."
,Recommended,266210,9418458,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,x2Madda,"My favorite Rogue-Like of 2014The game is very simple but very fun. You play an adventurer because excuse plot and you need to save the world, just like in Half-Life 3.Darkness is coming from the left and so the only thing you can do is go right.It's a 2D Final Fantasy 13 in that sense but the graphics and plot development here is waaay better.Square Enix really needs to take lessons from Sony and make another Final Fantasy X Sonic game.Pick up loot, kill wild monsters, avoid getting trapped against walls or else it will be game over.If you don't play rogue games often however expect to die, a lot! Hunger will cripple you, monsters will one shot kill you, walls and other obstacles will always seem to get in the way at the worst possible time, and thieves will spawn while you are already holding on for dear life.Despite the above however the game isnotabout cheap deaths! This is refreshing because Rogue like games usually go the 'uber hard' route by killing you for trivial stuff. You know the kind, you didn't drink enough water so died. You didn't see the hidden pit of instant death so you fell in it and died. This game has none of those, if you died, it was your fault and you can learn something from every death. This means the game is more about learning than it is about gruelling difficulty which is what makes it so much fun.Enjoy the game and watch out for those treasure chests in dungeons, they'll get you killed.Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews"
,Recommended,266210,11273665,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Pakkidis,"Rating 9/10What is it?This is a turn based rogue game that has an isometric perspective. You have to constantly keep moving to the right because a darkness keeps creeping in from the left.The Good+ 8 Classes to fit your play style. Knight, sword master, hunter etc.  Obviously each one has their own unique strengths and weakness  along with their own stat growth rate.+ Different modes offer players interesting new dynamics to the world. I.e Better weapons but harder enemies+Different levels of difficulty. The easiest difficulty level stops at a certain distance, however the later difficulties can be much longer.+ Lots of secrets to find out, giving the game a lot more depth than it appears to+ Randomized LevelsThe Bad- The game can be frustrating, especially if you get a bad world generated.ConclusionThis game is surprisingly addicting. At first it doesn't look like much but the more you play it the more it grows on you. You quickly realize that strategy is involved depending on the class your playing. The fact that you are forced to keep moving means you are going to have to make some tough decisions. Given the price point, this is probably one of the better deals you will find."
,Recommended,266210,17342566,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,leblanc,Has more content than EA games
,Recommended,266210,14818386,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Hawksider,"One Way Heroics is a AMAZING RPG!While theres not much o a story, One Way Heroics still is great in another aspects, from the fact that each level is randomly generated which gives you hard deciscions you have to make  in a way of a Telltale game. You start off talking to the Queen after creating your character, now first off playing it, there are instructions on how to control, but theres still no sense of starting & learning to make your way, it just drops you in without much to know, which is quite a minus for starting out. But prior to my last sentence, once you learn, it gets better, a lot better. After you learning the controls, first thing i did was die, why was that? i pondered for the few seconds til i made another game, then i understood, the game keeps scrolling to the right, everytime you do something, & it only stops when you use an ability which makes it stop for 3 turns, which unless you are fighting, or as it suggest when to use it, breaking through walls for which i will cover later, its not always that useful, less a emergency. (it also increases damage during this period)As i said before, it scrolls constantly every turn, & thus this is were the hard choices come in. Your inventory weight is limited, meaning you can only carry so much, & at the start its not that big of an inventory, its allright, but you need to increase it early on by giving up your Levels at a goddess statue in a dungeon, there are several statues, but not in all dungeons, this idea right here is also very interesting, also at the statue you can increase specific skills (Strength, Intelligence, Agility Etc.), which once again, is very interesting & cool. But then theres ""Where to go"", as you roam there are towns you can pass by which of course you can buy equipment at, & at the same time, in towns (where scrolling does not stop, still gotta keep moving) & outside of towns, there a items you can find, there are a lotta good items you can get, but the problem where in lies with inventory space, if you don't have enough, then ya can't carry, or ya gotta trade it for something else. With limited amount of moves it can be hard to get through, or get to towns & dungeons, which can have major items, but depending on your previous moves, you may not be able to get through, but alas, there is hope. Breaking walls, literally you can beak through while hopped on coolade & 'splore dem dungeons or to get through the towns. (sorry you can't actually be hopped up on coolade) the last thing to mention, past all the things i said, this game can be long, & i mean long, do not expect a short game, the goal is to get to a certain distance & fight a appearing boss, but the distance to get to the boss, can be long, because it is randomized, & even if its at like, 250 distance, getting through 200 is long enough, & it doesn't end there, everytime you start a new quest is randomized, making it different everytime, thus far longer! You either have the decision to play a random generated world, on normal, or hard (Normals hard & long enough) or there are also different modes to playthrough, which i haven't even covered cause of the main game, damn its long!One Way Heroics, is a constantly moving, tough decision making, level sacraficing, long tough RPG, & if you like those kind of games, its the right kind for you.But alas here are the plus & minuses of it.PLUSES+Long, with several different modes & the normal game is randomly generated.+Challenging, its really tough with the screen scrolling, & random hard enemys can pop up to kill ya instantly if your not prepared.+Its an RPG, cmon, whoz dusn' like rpgs.+Classes & traits, several different classes & traits to choose from & unlock as you slowly play through.+Randomly Generated Worlds+Several other different modes besides the story to play through+Records Your Run, after making a run, it records the entire thing, which you can save & show others.+A Universal Inventory, basically if yur current character dies, but you found such a cool item & ya wanna keep it, you can unlock universal inventory spaces, which can hold items for your next character.MINUS-Really doesn't teach you how to play, or whats happening so much at the beggining-Customization, while its not a big deal, there would be a bit more if you could customize your character besides there being just a gender & class choice."
,Recommended,266210,32633112,Posted: 21 June,all,Chad,"This game is quick, simple in concept, but deep in gameplay. ""Beating"" the game is quite easy, but the experience doesn't end there. Challenges in new and creative seeds being posted, beating it in a different way each time (hint, there is more than one way to win! Try to be creative, really pay attention to some quotes from people!).There is a lot of potential for fun to be had with this game, though a lot of it depends on your motivation to try and challenge yourself to all the possibilities it has to offer."
,Recommended,266210,22542582,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TheVulpineHero1,"I'm no expert on roguelikes. But this game at base price costs about as much as a cup of coffee from a mid-market coffee chain. I've played it for twenty hours, and it still feels like I'm scratching the surface; after each run, I feel like I learned something about how the game works, about what it wants from me and how to succeed. It's a good feeling. The game is fair but challenging, and for those of us for whom that isn't enough, offers a highly modular difficulty system (base difficulty plus class plus perks, all of different usefulness) to challenge yourself with. There's incremental progress and upgrades to unlock if you'd rather have a barometer of progress other than your own growing skill at the game, which is difficult to quantify, but grinding for these things isn't really an issue -- classes and perks are pretty cheap, at least for the useful ones, and everything else is bonus stuff.If you buy the expansion, you're basically getting a game that has double or triple the content of the base game, and also includes a whole bunch of quality of life UI upgrades and balance changes. A lot of the things added are very simple and unobtrusive but satisfying -- things like turning to face the enemies automatically, a little screen to track all of the things you've achieved as each class, more dimensions to facilitate the psuedo-multiplayer. Other additions are bigger -- new classes, new allies, new npcs, new bosses and objectives and missions. While the price of the dlc is triple that of the base game, it's absolutely worth it -- even more so if you can get it on sale. The hours of gameplay/$ ratio is excellent.It's also in the class of games that are easy to play while doing something else, like holding a skype conversation or queuing for a match in some other game. It takes very little processor power, deals with tab switching quite agreeably, and time stops while you aren't moving.All in all, I think it's a great way to spend an hour or two between doing other things, and ends up being quite moreish once you've wrapped your head around the basic steps to survival. Then, it's all about the rng and your own wits. Recommended."
,Recommended,266210,28866622,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sweep,"About One Way HeroicsOne-Way Heroics combines turn-based combat, side scrolling arcade style gameplay, limited saves, and a hearty dose of classic RPG nostalgia. It also ranks in difficulty with the likes of Mega-Man, Ninja Gaiden, and Castlevania.The foundation of Heroics would make it seem like two things that should never go together.On the left side of the screen, the world fades into a Darkness that consumes men, women, children, small animals, dungeon bosses, buildings, eveything. It is your job to find out what is causing the darkness by travelling to the ends of the earth and defeating the source (oh, and the final boss has finally attained some common sense, and will randomly spawn in an effort to kill you before you get enough power and equipment to wreck his world.) It would start to sound as if it's an infinite runner (akin to Temple Run and Flappy Bird).And then there are the RPG elements.Randomly generated worlds, item upgrades, exploration, looting, unlockable perks and classes, the element of permadeath between save points (random enemy drops and treasures will not be the same after continuing from a save file), and the random enemy attributes lead one to question their sanity.Each playthrough is different. You have the option to create a new random world every time that you start a new game, but you can also play through the same world as different classes.There are 8 different classes in total, (Only the Knight and Swordmaster are available at the start, but with additional playthroughs, the roster expands with Hunter, Pirate, Bard, Adventurer, Force User, and Hero) with very different play styles. Swordmasters are tough, but it comes at a cost to stamina and carrying capacity. Hunters, however, are better suited to stealth, ranged weapons, and have a special ability that allows them to see off-screen enemies before they encounter them.All in all, it's got great addictive gameplay, the sprite animations are charming, the music is fantastic.8/10 From MeSweep"
,Recommended,266210,19860578,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Plant Waifu is Best Waifu,"So, I bought this game a long time ago thinking it was going to be a game where I ran in one direction trying to stay alive.I was not disappointed in the slightest.One-way Heroics offers some of the dumbest, funniest, and rediculous gameplay I have ever seen from a rouge-like game.*Slight spoilers below, you have been warned*-Hey, I know you're new, but you're supposed to save the world from the left side of the screen since this is sidescrolling and all, and for some reason the left side of the screen is eating everything. GOOD LUCK!So begins your slow and painful descent into hell.At the 1st gate of hell you pick your class, name, and perks (assuming you even have any). At first you'll wonder why you only get two classes, and thats because without any foundation the others will either be♥♥♥♥♥♥easy to play (IM LOOKING AT YOU PIRATE <3) or even harder to get going than your beginner classes (coughForceUsercough).At the 2nd circle of hell you wander around on ""Walk in the Park"" mode (easy mode) and you get the gist of the game....while simultaneously wondering why the fabled final boss meets you at a predetermined point or why they even want to kill you (I still dont remember signing up for this ***....Was I Voluntold?). You also realize multiplayer is a lie, as ghosts of people who may have died in that world you signed up to plop into dont seriously help when you're being swarmed by Zubats when night falls on the open plains.At the 3rd circle of hell you die because an imp threw a rock too hard at your skull....or a skeleton was spawned in and one shot you with its nifty sword....or you got trapped in the damn DESERT and harpies ended up swarming your soon-to-be carcass. You die, get a crappy score, get some really lame advice and useless critiques from Navi the Fairy, maybe even some halfway tips, and you start over because you refuse to take your beating lying down.At the 4th circle of hell you beat the game once and get an ending that leaves too many things open. So you start again, probably on a higher difficulty because you havent learned your lesson from being nearly incinerated and eaten by wild dingos. This was a mistake, as now you have to deal with your old AND new♥♥♥♥♥♥being torn asunder because enemies are hitting like speeding bullet trains and you just left the Shire.At the 5th circle of hell you start getting more endings because you keep beating the game, but now with some of those elusive bonus companions at your side. You meet Elodie after you beat Long Live the Queen (she clearly took nothing but combat classes this time), Azir-Finally here-Emperor Pigeon, Alphonse Elric, an edgy Male Gunner from DFO, a defenseless Loli, a nurse that's crying because you chewed her out for being a dog girl instead of a cat girl, and money grubbing panty mercenary who doesnt actually care about panties. Their endings flesh out their characters, but you still dont know what the hell is going on (or why the left side of the screen continues to devour the game like its stocking up for hibernation every time you start the game again).At the 6th circle of hell you decide to just ignore the final boss and journey until the game makes you stop. This results in many a death and many late nights wondering why the ♥♥♥♥ you bought this game. Eventually you reach the end of the world (cause the world really is flat guys, school lied to you) and you finally understand that this game is just dicking with you over and over until you get it right.At the 7th circle of hell you attempt to fix the left side of the screen, only to be eaten and or incinerated by it......now everything becomes clear to you and you know what you need to do.At the 8th circle of hell you get some Cheesy Puffs, some Dew, and prepare your quad-anuses (btw you should have a minimum of 4 now) for tons of save scumming because of all of the save crystals you hoarded in your Dimensional Vault between worlds; clears or deaths. You finally beat the game and you throw yourself into the next circle of hell because nothing matters anymore.At the 9th circle of hell you melt your computer because now you have to buy the DLC and experiance being Anakin Skywalker, Naruto, and some random tourist to Disney World to get all the achievements in the game.Time and time again you are going to want to chuck your keyboard/laptop wondering what new ways the game can come up with to cheapshot you and why you just took 600 damage because a bear decided to ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up. This game (on higher difficulties) will tear you a new one and laugh as you try to tape your♥♥♥♥♥♥back together. On lower difficulties.....itll only happen 1 or 2 times because you'll pick up enough situational awareness to not get your eyes torn out of their sockets while you were exploring or trying to reach that one item tucked inbetween 30 tiles of mountain when all you know how to do is dash around like Sanic the ♥♥♥♥ing Hedgehog, trying to figure out how many items you can get before the left side of the screen eats you again.. Eventually you realize that you spent over 60 hours on a game where all you do is go right and try to survive when you suddenly dont get any food for 700 kms, or you get 4 consecutive corrupted lands and the ♥♥♥♥ing wolfmen and dragonkin swarm your position after all your weapons snap in half from all the fighting, or you blow up because you got set on fire and forgot to chuck that Elzite bomb you got 2 minutes into a run.As you enter the Nth Circle of hell you realize that this was all only worth it if you can somehow make and achieve some sort of goal. You didnt, and you laugh as you realize this game has seared your soul and you will never be the same again.10/10 would auto-pilot into a lava tile again."
,Recommended,266210,9394677,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,✞TSH✞ Proto Cat,For a 2D game is sure is ONE DIRECTIONAL.Get it?GET IT?10/10It's actually pretty fun.
,Recommended,266210,23514179,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,apprenticebard,"You start out in a castle. The darkness is to the left of the castle. Every time you move, the darkness engulfs more of the screen, forcing you to move right. The people in the castle do not move right. Their screams will spur you onward as you look for a way to end the destruction of the world, and will remind you of the price of failure. (They respawn when you do, of course, so don't mourn them too long. The darkness waits for no one!)As you move further and further right, you collect items, kill enemies, gain levels, and fight evil wizards by pelting them with rocks. You die a lot--sometimes from enemies, and sometimes because you landed on the wrong side of a wall or a mountain range while out of time stops. You have to start over each time, but you get to carry over some of your best items to your next life, so it's not that annoying.It's not earth-shattering, but it's a fun little roguelike for only $3.50. If you like the genre, you won't feel like you wasted your money."
76561198074565543,Recommended,266210,24917562,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Filthy Pegasus,"This game is fantastic.  both the basic version and the plus version are amazing.I got this game for 99 cents when it was on sale and subsequently forgot to play it.  A few months later I opened up the game and was absoluted infuriated by it at first.  On your first run its pretty easy to mess up and die.  Now I have over 100 hours on this game and I've done many heroic deeds.  I have also done many very questionable deeds as well.I have1. beat the game by playing a nude character that ran around an punching things to death.2. dragged royalty along as I massacred bears by throwing armor at them3. accidentally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off PETA by killing defensless animals4. accidentally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the world cause I killed the revenge soldiers PETA sent after me5. purposfully let a young girl's father die so i could have her as a follower instead of earning money for returning her safe and sound6. threw a pill at the demon lord and somehow made her nice for a bit7. walked to the end of the world (yeah school was wrong and so was columbus)8. accidentally made the previosly mentioned royalty fall for the previously mentioned nude berserker9. accused a girl on the brink of death of making suspicious drugs10. created a team consisting of a sword wielding undead queen, a loli who makes brain washing drugs that I dont find suspicious, a merc who named himself Panty just to mess with his enemies, and a bard that did not really do anything (me).11. got seduced by a succubus so badly I couldnt walk straight12. killed a polar bear by throwing the dead carcass of another polar bear at it.13. put the one punch man theme on in the back ground while i ran around punching everything that moved.and a hell of a lot morePersonnally I would advise buying the normal version first and the plus afterwards if you like it and only after getting the hang of the game.  while it is not needed, i spent my first 50 some odd hours soley playing the normal mode and if I had gotten plus off the start I would have missed out on alot of fun that can only be done in basic.  then again there is alot more fun that can only be done in plus.  Anyway buys this game! its good!basic game: 10/10 would get such a high bounty that even the dark brotherhood does not want to let me in again.plus version: 20/10 would spend 10 hours making an arsenal of ultimate confusion weapons just to watch my enemies attack eachother again."
76561198046400653,Recommended,266210,30767251,Posted: 26 March,all,Kensidan,"Pretty damn epic... I've beat it with every class on easy and I intend to beat it with every class on higher difficulties. It's immensly fun. After each playthrough you earn points which you can use to expand a cross playthrough bank, the possibilites for your characters get amazing. It's great. I haven't had this much fun with a low budget game since ""Tales of Maj'Eyal"". I'd reccomend it to anyone and if they said they didn't like it I'd think they were on crack..."
76561198044019849,Recommended,266210,24355997,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,AsuraWaves,"Very interesting game mechanics. Unlockable character classes, perks, and difficulty modes keeps things fresh for a while. The art can be a little rough but the music is nice and the game is cheap, especially on sale."
,Recommended,266210,12214329,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Above,"Bought this game on a whim when it costed less than a euro during a steam sale. Had I known it was this good, I'd have bought the game at full price on release. One Way Heroics is a roguelike in a more traditional sense of the phrase, while taking massive hints from FTL's style of one-way travel and resource managment.What's especially surprising is how addictive and fun the online elements of this game are, as there is an option to join a world with multiple people already in it. The special seeded levels that rotate on a daily basis add some serious life to the game as well."
,Recommended,266210,9345984,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,fax,"it's fushigi no dungeon (shiren the wanderer, pokemon mystery dungeon, tower of druaga) meets elona meets a sidescroller. japanese-style roguelike with item retention vault, a decent amount of classes w/ different core playstyles, and enough perks to make this game an excellent, cheap timewaster."
,Recommended,266210,28407379,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,S S Absolution,"Walk in a straight line, attack what-ever you want, die. Wash, rinse repeat. That is how the general gist of this game progresses. There isn't a whole lot of depth to the game, there aren't many weapons, aren't many variations of enemies, no characters you really connect with, the map areas are general generic type fanatasy locales, and no real story line (other than to stop The Darkness) which is stated in the opening 3 seconds of the game. However this game has something going for it... charm.If that sounds silly just run with it for a moment. There is very little to do, or really unlock that can't be done easily. Unlike the game that drew me to this (Faster Than Light) you can unlock everything in nearly 5 hours, the remainder of the time will be playing with these unlocks. However the goofy commentary from the few NPC's you do find are enough to distract momentarily from the humdrum of walking to your right. That is where this game gets its charm from. The constant breaks in the basic mechanics of the game for a fun, light hearted gab between pixelated characters.Finding all the secret endings and characters endings will be what make you come back to this. The small morsels of charm that you get are what will make you enjoy coming back to it. However, don't expect to be able to play this for long periods of time. I found that the game is best when played a few run throughs at a time. Any longer than that and the charm kinda wears off and the simplistic nature of the game robs from its potential.Additional peripheries were pretty decent as well. The music is fun to listen to but after prolonged time periods begins to grate at your ears. The graphics are simple enough and give it a classic RPG feel that allows me to relive the days of early Final Fantasy's. Mechanics are simple and will be picked up with one minute of playing.Feeling in a good mood today so let's give this game an eeked out 7/10"
,Recommended,266210,10765881,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Celgaming,Really addictive and fun game with a neat idea and I didn't even pay a full euro for it and that's why I bought 10 copies which I'm going to give away on my live stream of this game to get it more attention.
76561198043268946,Recommended,266210,12945168,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Gemini Leo,"This game is worth the price. It has a good application of turn-based combat that can still go by fast enough to feel like an action game. The plot is simple but engaging enough to keep you interested in it.The game can challenging in the beginning but wanes in difficulty once you get the hang of it, unlock perks, and make use of the dimensional vault."
,Recommended,266210,9302299,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,kiseruyoru,"Oh dude, this is just so damn cool!Great for quick sessions, surprising depth of play, multiple classes, a cool unlock system based on Hero Points for each run, rogue-like (perma-death), a vault for item transfer between plays, cool boss battle, and not too hard for newies to the type to get into. Seriously, A+ and an absolute STEAL at the price."
76561198042864023,Recommended,266210,12730525,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Nightblair,"Charming little cofee-break roguelike with a lot of depth and replayability.Game sets nice atmosphere with music and visuals (if you don't mind the style) and pays homage to older jrpgs. No grinding though as darkness always lurks on the left side. Prepare for lots of suprises and interesting characters on the way.Can only reccomend, you get A LOT for the price."
76561198001807171,Recommended,266210,9337424,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Starner,"One Way Heroics is a series of infinite rougelike adventures. In the game you play as various classes and as you get farther in randomized worlds you can unlock new classes to play in future runs.The screen constantly scrolls to the left and if you do not move to the right you are killed instantly. As you run to the right you kill enemies to level up while picking up better gear. Once in a while you encounter a town where you can spend money on new items or food, and sometimes you encounter dungeons with great loot.An interesting mechanic that helps the game last longer are the perks you can unlock with points you get after an adventure is complete. Before you start a game you can select up to 5 perks (after you unlock the 5 slots) that can help you on your run and you can even carry over items you've obtained to use later.Overall One Way Heroics is worth the $2.00 asking price and is deserving of any casual-hardcore gamer."
,Recommended,266210,10559636,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Eagle,This is no doubt one of the hidden gems of steam store.Original concept with fast and fluid combat.Singe player game with multiplayer element consisting same kind of ghost thing as Dark Souls does and difficulty range from easy to maximum balls hard.Not to mention the game's so cheap it should be illegal for something this good.
76561198073976613,Recommended,266210,9393756,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Genetics,"I find that the game is worth far more than what I paid for it, AND NOT BECAUSE IT WAS ON SALE. I've already put in 20 hours and it does not seem like that will be the end of it. It is a fun rogue-like (not too sure what that means) and I'm glad that a friend of mine showed it to me one day. It takes a few trys to catch on and you'll find that you will still be learning more and more each time you play. For the most part the game tells you the essentials and then respects your intelegence as to how to aproach problems presented to you. Tips: diagonal movement > horizontal and vertical movement, play on easy for however long you wish, be mindful of the terain."
,Recommended,266210,9711798,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,General StarBurner,"This game has to rank amongst one of my top most favorite rogue-like RPGS. With the first difficulty already being hard and the other difficulties and scenarios much harder than the previous one, this game makes you carefully plan your decisions (through movements, skills, choosing appropiate stats, and watching your three bars closely) in order to even get close to killing the final boss. All of the classes have a completely different playstyle (besides that most of them require you to use basic attacks to damage) to even get past the 100m mark. And although you start fresh everytime you begin a new character, the game rewards you by allowing you to keep a limit of items from past runs to aid your next. All of these elements combine to create a satisfacting experience that can be enjoyed by any RPG player and can consume time faster than you consume a bucket of KFC chicken. The soundtrack is worth a mention as well, fitting and worthy of rocking your head to the beat at the speed of the tempo. I would highly recommend this game to all RPG fans looking for a fair amount of difficulty, and recommend all casual players to give it a go as well. It's more than well worth its price of $3.49, so try this amazing masterpiece of a turn-based slightly pixelated RPG."
76561197993234170,Recommended,266210,9347309,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Frankomatic,Buff King Victor gives it 10 out of 10.
,Recommended,266210,10812931,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Proboscis,"Do I recommend this game? Yes. Do I want more people to buy it both before and after the sale, which by the way is a ridiculously small price to pay for such a deep and interesting game? Absolutely 100% yes. I first saw this game on Greenlight a few months back, and I honestly thought it looked like crap. Seeing that it went on sale for eighty-seven cents, I figured I'd sell a few cards off and buy it, which turned out to be probably the best idea I've had throughout the whole summer sale.I really honestly love roguelikes, and this is about as good as it gets for me. Tough enemies? Check. General time constraints? You bet. Omnipresent instant-death wall that constantly follows you and kills the NPCs you pass by? Oh, yes. There's so much to love about this game, and that's just with the gameplay. The story is honestly one of the best I've seen in a game so seemingly small and shallow (though, that was only on the surface). What starts as a quest to kill a Demon Lord over and over turns into so much more, but I won't spoil anything here. There's so much rich backstory to get around to, and close to (or I think exactly?) a dozen endings to unlock. The endings may be short, but they're very, very sweet. The wordplay is a bit awkward, at times, but most of the endings managed to evoke the emotions I feel they were meant to.This game caught me so far off-guard, that I ended up 100%ing it, getting every epilogue, and every achievement, in just twenty-two hours of gameplay. That may not seem like much, but I went super hard and no-life'd it. Not because I wanted to get it done as quickly as possible, but because I wanted to challenge myself to completely finishing it in as little time as I could. Would I do it all again, casually? Yes, and I plan to play it now and then when I get bored, trying new character builds and strategies, and getting the highest heroics scores I can manage.I'd absolutely recommend this game, again. Buy it. It's cheap (as of writing this review) AND it's cheap in general, at only $3.50. Buy it. You (probably) won't regret it. If you like roguelikes, that is. If you don't care for dying lots and in lots of sometimes funny or dumb ways, then don't buy it. I love this game."
,Recommended,266210,9298334,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,The Shameless One,"Elona: Prepare to die edition.It's a refreshing as ♥♥♥♥ game, looks and plays better than the screenshots. (I almost passed it by because I thought it was an RPG maker title...) and challenging without being unfairly so.The ""small"" class list works to it's favor as you can mix and match stats, perks and traits to make them into other specialties. IE: Swordmaster with all wrestler perks will do fist of the north star style combo punching. You can turn a adventurer into other things besides a rogue-ish class. Etc."
,Recommended,266210,9783926,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Ye,"Yeah it's pretty good, but if you take out all the good stuff, it's pretty bad."
76561198007144108,Recommended,266210,9372713,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Refuse/Resist,"This game is a masterpiece. Simple yet complex. Old-school 16bit style graphics. Roguelike permadeath. Beautiful anime art. The story is sparse and not very detailed, but what is there is excellent and really inspires imagination. It's cheap too, so I encourage you to give it a try!"
,Recommended,266210,9383950,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Evilnut,"It's a roguelike with pressure ever looming to the left side of the screen, in the form of a shadow engulfing the world. You must travel to the east, hopefully getting stronger along the way, because to the far east, the Demon Lord, who summoned the darkness, awaits.Key features:- JRPG look and feel- No location transition; everything happens on the overworld map- Shadow pressing you to move on vs stick around longer to explore more of this town/dungeon- Turn-based- JRPG style menu system- Running non-stop, your hero still require sustenance- Items have limited durability- With each death (or victory) you gain hero points, which can be used to purchase more options (and thus more freedom) in future games- Item vault to transfer items to your next characters. Item vault size is expanded by using hero points- Unlockable classes- Unlockable perks- Randomly generated world with a short text-based random seed- Many features in the world which you can explore. (I found some high-end merchants hidden inside a mountain once. Was too slow to get back out).- You can replay a world by entering the seed- Fast paced. You can easily win a game in one sitting- Online events everyday. There are worlds with special rules which you can play in- Multiple difficulty levels can be unlocked- Great attention to details that will make you smile- Steam cards and achievementsThis $2.69 will be the best $2.69 you've ever spent."
,Recommended,266210,9364306,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Gurgle Burgler,Awesome.
,Recommended,266210,9374275,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Manaricelle,"One Way Heroics plays like your typical mystery dungeon game, but this time, it's a bit different. Your dungeon is a randomly generated overworld that scrolls in one direction, dotted with enemies, dungeons, towns, and treasure. What I love most about the game is that at the conclusion of a runthrough, you're rated based on your actions and progress which in turn rewards you with points used to unlock new classes, new perks, or expand our dimensional vault(a storage that allows you to bring over items from a previous gameplay).The game is a great price, only three dollars and it has alot of replay value. Even if you beat normal and hard modes, there are other modes that are updated and added into the mix every so often that challenges you with a new way to play.If you enjoy Japanese RPG, or mystery dungeons(Shiren the Wanderer, Izuna: The Unemployed Ninja, Pokemon Mystery Dungeon) you have got to get this game, especially since it's super cheap! No reason why anyone shouldn't have it!"
76561197963533456,Recommended,266210,9365511,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Mixxn,"This game is just fantastic, the replay value is utterly amazing, got this on sale for 3 bucks and for that price hell even 15 bucks i couldnt recommend it enough ;)"
76561198042102752,Recommended,266210,9349427,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Tree,"In all honesty, this game is just outright fun, and an absolute steal for the price, fairly fun rogue-like with some nice, calming music, and enough depth that you can plan out your character build, and if you liked a procedurely generated world, you can just revisit it with the Dimension Code they give you. This game also made me feel...things man. Some of the endings you can get are outright depressing and sad, others are heartwarming to see, and once you get the hang of the game, clearing it on the daily challenge variety maps is a cakewalk. Get this game if ya like yourself some good 'ol JRPG rougelike action.Oh, and don't ever go left. Left is bad."
76561198045648963,Recommended,266210,10726302,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vicccious,"Rogue-like slasher with rpg elements. Nice quick convenient ""die and build up"" your character aspect. Essentially every time you die in trying to beat the game, you get better and better equips you can store in your ""dimensional"" storage which allows you to use it for the next play-through. The catch is that every time you replace previous items you can only use items from that particular play-through. This in turn gets you to use unique classes specifically to collect up amazing gear way later and then die off, use that gear from the beginning and in turn collect up better gear. Eventually you'll get so epic with unlocked perks and such that the game will be a breeze. It's a fun challenge. 5 hour marker beat it but there is harder modes to play and some replay value involved with different classes and whatnot. :)Update:I have played it a good bit more and there is in total, three ways to beat the game. The first is the most obvious, the other two.. quite a bit of a challenge. More game-play to it than I thought. more than 15 hours in, and still not quite to those other two endings yet :P"
76561198035525662,Recommended,266210,11865622,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,ShirowMasamune,"25 hours on this game, is a very long time. You can get through sooo many runs with in this game, and expierence soo much, And once you start really getting indepth, you will be surprised just how intense and interesting, And just compelling this game is,I am 22 male gaming since i was 3, Usually serious about everything, This game makes me fangirl so hard, More than i have over any game,""UPDATE!""  I have been playing this for a total of 91 hours now, no idea how, it feels like so much longer.  Thanks to one way heroics plus, even though i have completed a ton of quests. i still have more to do, still finding new things sometimes.  and still loving this game so much ^_^ DOSEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Another update. 99 hours in total now.  Just beat the main boss of the expansion, And If you are thinking about the dlc being higher cost than the game. Don't think of it as Dlc. It is a huge expansion and well worth any extra money.  Holy christ just getting set up to face the end is difficult enough "" trying to avoid spoilers"" once you become dedicated to trying to make something happen. Every step makes your heart race. as usually "" in my case"" a pack of 5 ultimate dragon knights come around the corner,  And then demon lord spawns and then i get ambushed by bandits.   A single unintresting easily beaten increased difficulty quest run, turned in to an epic quest, gaining allies. Finding Sacred weapons. fighting hordes of demons, because the spawn rate hated me. and eventually truly once and for all saving the world.My last play through has left me wanting soo much more one way heroics"
76561198054496580,Recommended,266210,9314509,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,blueleaf,"This game absolutley took my breath away. Easy to learn, but hard to master this game can be a fantastic two-hour romp for the casual or a twenty hour treck for the completionist. A throwback to old-school dungeon crawlers execpt each dungeon-world is randomly generated.The objective of this game is simply to go on a sidescrolling adventure without being caught by the ""darkness"" (which you will always have to out-run.) and defeat the ""demon lord"", a powerful foe who will infrequently visit you for short periods of time where you can either attempt to run away from him defeat him. And as you make your way through this world, you will encounter grottos, towns, and all sorts of surprises. You may even find an extra party member or two, who each have thier own side story and indivdual abilities.  You first start a game with only two classes, which grasually expands to a nice collection. The music that plays along your Journey is also cathey, and never gets all.All in all - espicially considering its price - I would not hesitate to give this game a 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,266210,9342159,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Coy,awesome game thats kinda addictive :x good replay value n overall nice simple rpg game.
,Recommended,266210,9386561,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ZazMan117,A little complicated at the start but overall very fun! If you are going to have a quick RPG gaming session this WILL satisfy your needs. 3 bucks as well for a game (i hope) will bring me many hours of fun. 7-8.5/10
,Recommended,266210,9383041,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Morphyum,Great Game for a few Minutes to spare. Combines RPGs with Roquelikes! Lot's of stuff to unlock and very high replay value.
,Recommended,266210,10701975,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Crud Bonemeal,"I paid 86 cents for this on sale, and it's one of the best damn games I've played all year. The concept is clever, and the execution is basically flawless. OWH has more polish and apparent effort put in than a lot of games from big studios. You can pick it up and play without too much investment, but there's more depth than is initially obvious. Repeat plays are encouraged with daily worlds, higher unlockable difficulties, new classes/perks, and lots of secrets and extra endgame content. The graphics, music and translation/humor are also spot on. UUUUUUGH JUST BUY IT"
,Recommended,266210,9326289,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Ermine,Best $3 I've ever spentStill worth the money
76561198115693900,Recommended,266210,9300056,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,TMちんぽ,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!Imagine Final Fantasy (art style), Binding of Isaac (replay value), and Spelunky (random generated world) all mix in one game!Extremely addictive and tons of replay value.It's totally worth the price and I totally recommend it to any old school gamer."
,Recommended,266210,25123541,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Diamond Corgi,"This game is such a nice refreshing take on the roguelike formula. The extra dimensions added to the game of having to avoid being gobbled up by the sweeping darkness that is constantly moving closer and closer makes for an exciting and (at times) extremely tense run. Add onto that the ""dark lord"" timer that's perpetually ticking away, which will launch you into a boss battle well before you're prepared, forcing some incredibly tense moments which make the escape and later victory that much more satisfying. Besides those unique twists, the rest of the game is pretty standard and is what you'd expect from a graphical roguelike such as this one. There's a really nifty multiplayer-like integration into the game, wherein the progress, accomplishments and eventual downfalls of the people playing on the same seed as you are periodically popping up as you play, and you can even run into the ghosts of dead players, receiving some minor benefit. The soundtrack for the game is great, really good old school rpg nostalgia quality to it. I have some small gripes about the interface and the way the menus are done, but it doesn't detract from the game in any major way. Overall, I think this is a fun game that's well worth picking up, especially on sale as it's already pretty cheap."
,Recommended,266210,29449759,Posted: 23 January,all,Xanth752,"Easy to play, difficult to master.It is like crossing a narrow strait of water: not far to go, but the waters conceal dangerous currents and unfathomable depths.You *can* beat it under half-an-hour... eventually....Buy at a discount, and play with a controller."
,Recommended,266210,9344659,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Wonhan,It's pretty neat.
,Recommended,266210,13138571,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dragstyl,"I've thrown my clothes at the Demon Lord and killed him with that as a Swordmaster maid.10/10, this is a masterpiece"
,Recommended,266210,9334057,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,☆★,"A fun little rogue-like. Challenging with many different unlockable classes. Many people would think it's ""just another RPG Maker title"", but this game brings a whole new concept. The world is being engulfed in darkness on the left side so you must travel right to get to and defeat the demon lord. Overall a very fun game from what I've played with unlimited replay value."
76561198057222704,Recommended,266210,9368652,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,KimJongUnuked,"Though the idea of a ""time-limited RPG"" threw me off at first, I quickly realized that this game has such huge potential, and is a very fun game.If you can get past the first few playthroughs without wanting to hit a cheatcode button for every monster that chases you, then you have a very playable and fun game. The game is set in the style of an old Japanese RPG but with the twist of the Darkness coming from the left side of the screen, essentially moving roughly 1/3 - 5/12 of a block every turn. You have to continue running to the right and beating off monsters that hunt you down like a wild animal. There are multiple difficulty levels in this game, starting with a Walk in the Park difficulty, which is where the End-Boss appears at 400 km and you get npcs to help you when he appears (basically easy mode).There are multiple choices of class in this game, each with it's own Steam achievement, and each with it's own unique skill set/passive stats. The 8 different classes are Swordmaster, Knight, Hunter, Pirate, Bard, Adventurer, Force User (Mage), and Hero. Some of the classes are rather overpowered, where they can one hit anything with a sword or axe that has at least 10-15 Attack power, and some of them are very weak, requiring you to play like a coward and run until you can get a Holy item or find equipment that makes you super powered. Although there is a lack of creativity in the active skills of each class (basically just Awakening, and some skill you learn at level 1), the uniques are nice to play around with. For example, the pirate has a maxed out Swimming unique, where he uses only 1 turn to swim instead of 5. In terms of playability with the classes, you essentially master one, usually the Hero class, and run through the whole thing playing strategically.There is an element of playability where you can transfer over items that you really like or want to use on a different playthrough called the Dimensional Vault. After you die or beat the game, you can place items, up to a limit, in the Vault and access it through your next character. This was a nice idea, but I feel like instead of having a NPC that you have to talk to in order to access it, there should be an option to ask you if you want to access your vault at the very beginning of the game, after you've already started. Another thing the developers added were perks. There is a very limited number of perks, and it's a nice addition. Lastly, there is the Heroics leve ratings, where you get rated from F - SS on how well you did in the criteria of Levels, Battles, Chests looted, and Distance. This was really sweet, and there is also the bonus points that you get for certain actions, like killing no friendly characters. This portion makes you want to play again until you get it right, and I loved it. It could definitely be expanded upon.I really enjoyed the dimensions, but it feels very plain when using ""Create random dimension"". When you create a random dimension, it's just a normal dimension with everything placed around differently, no bonuses to equipment, unique NPCs that can join you, or any of that sort. It's just a map with the areas randomized. However, every day, the game updates a few special campaign dimension, about 3-4, and they have unique differences. Some have stronger monsters for more experience, others have a special NPC that you can recruit. Those are nice, but they only change once a day, and though it's a nice catch to get people to play every day, when you beat the game a couple times, it gets very boring and you lose interest of even looking at the list.That being said, the time you do spend playing this game would be worth it, especially for a low price. It's super cheap, fun for a good amount of time, and you can replay through the campaigns as much as you want. The perks are very limited however, and I do hope they update it to have a comprehensive list of unique skills, and possibly vary the classes more to feel more balanced."
76561198060168590,Recommended,266210,9373165,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,boblett420,ballin
76561197980795527,Recommended,266210,9393951,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Atolibus,"I spent a whopping 3 dollars on this game a few days ago and I've had more fun with it than most 60$ triple-A studio titles. It seems like more and more roguelikes are hitting the market these days and while some of them are 'meh', this one most certainly isn't. Not only does it provide a very nice retro console-RPG feel, it has enough content and trophies to go after to keep anyone busy. At first I thought I was getting my hands on something that would be fun for an afternoon and little else... less than a week later and more than thirty hours in and I can't put the friggin thing down. HIGHLY recommended to anyone who likes roguelikes, RPGs or games that will steal your life in general. :)"
76561198036161333,Recommended,266210,9435289,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,mobley75757,this game is for hardcore rpg gamers that are looking for challenges or maybe if you just wanna screw around with it. But overall it is a fun game with a permadeath type sequence and a hero point system that is addicting and unlimited. the option to carry on things from one character to another just makes you wanna play it more and the more time you play it the more you get addicted to it with new challenges every day and different adventures and items. I give this game a kudos for a low budget production and i hope i get more challenging games like this one.
76561197969544001,Recommended,266210,9338088,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,T0DdL3RT1CkL3R,This game is fantastic! What a breath of fresh air and at such a great price. Rogue-like must have.
,Recommended,266210,9338707,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Caramel Thunda,Darkness is always in the persuit! good fast paced game for people who like to die alot
,Recommended,266210,9345653,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,guubear,"This game is unexpectely fun. Initially I was like ""why is the screen keeps moving?"" and then I was like ""WTF I died?!"" From there, I just kept playing. Huge replay value. This game is more fun than the average $20 games out there."
76561198018011709,Recommended,266210,9347323,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Bazilicus,"An excellent game, able to be played in short bursts or over long periods it offers a good mix of challenge and ease of entry. It has several classes most of which play differently enough to feel like you are actually playing different classes rather than just the same class reskinned twenty times. A surprising variety of enemy types also help to keep the combat fresh and the looming threat of both the demon lord and the darkness keeps things tense as you try to make the best use of what resources and time you have.To top it off the random maps mean that while you can have the same adventure over and over if you want to there's always something fresh to do."
,Recommended,266210,9349165,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Trollhawke,"Worth noting:+It's only like £2, and for that price you get a pretty expansive rouge like.+Randomly generated areas combined with ticking down clock for boss appearences makes it fun to replay after a while away+It's got a good gimmick - you have to keep moving right or die, which means movements should be careful.+Can grab a dimension name from a friend in order to play their experiences, so you can organize group races easily+Really nice looking GUI, so you don't need a tileset unless you want to mix it up or hate 2d for some reason-As of right now, there's only like 7 or so classes in the game and about as many perks (excluding stat upgrades), so-Monster appearence, even on afternoon stroll (normal difficulty) is kinda limited, but I've only just started...-Offer small dungeons and towns, but the constant eating of the left side of the screen offers little time to reap their benefitsI've not logged as many hours as I'd like into this game, so I may put up a second critique later. But if you've got £2 to spare and want to get started in the rougelike genre, this game is practically a steal. I'd really recommend getting it."
,Recommended,266210,9323276,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Teeryx,Epic
,Recommended,266210,9401559,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Dece,"This game completely exceeded any expectation I had.  I thought it might be worth a few bucks for an hour of play or so, just to kill some time.  What I got was not a time waster, but a well-made product that provides a ton of replay value.  The reviews can say whatever they want, but do yourself a favor and give One Way Heroics a shot."
76561198019094689,Recommended,266210,9337638,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,WingedDante,"This is a fantastic game that's got a lot of replayability, once you get the hang of how basic exploring and decision making needs to be made, it becomes addicting.  This 3 dollar game is going to consume a lot of my time.  I like how each class isn't limited to weapons and armor, and how you can carry over items with the Dimensional Vault.  The items losing durability over time without a solid avenue to keep them repaired just makes you push harder to find new weapons and armor to slay the Demon Lord! A++++ For a unique well put together game."
76561198037198292,Recommended,266210,9337994,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Misma,"I really like this game it's a lot more fun that I was expecting and for the price it was most definately worth it. Also apperently you can buy it for $2 onhttp://playism-games.combut I don't know much about that.Just adding to this review because looking back on it, it's not very informative and probably still isn't going to be. The gameplay itself is interesting. The part that got me liking the game so much is that it feels like it keeps expanding. Alternate endings and alternate worlds the game can be simple but really fun at the same time. Just getting better at the game feels good. You can repeat the worlds you have been on and see if you can get extremely far or just keep shifting though worlds and explore what the game has to offer."
76561198006572946,Recommended,266210,9369694,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Socraz6,"Wasn't expecting much when I fired this up, but the game a variety of really good systems and mechanics working for it.  I definitely got my money's worth at a $3 price.   This game is a testimate to how far a good idea can take a developer, even on a small budget."
,Recommended,266210,9379422,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Eternallity,Game is awesome.
,Recommended,266210,9367961,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,BloodShed Redd,Good Game
76561198030694729,Recommended,266210,9369197,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,bluezdragon5,Super fun game
,Recommended,266210,9377953,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Gankula,This game is very deep and gets more complicated the longer you play.
,Recommended,266210,9394210,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Jenna,"One Way Heroics is a lot of fun.  It has four difficulties (plus an added setting to make things even harder,) three main endings, as well as several epilogues based on the allies that you manage to recruit along the way, and limitless replay value, thanks to short playtimes, unlockables, and the ability to transfer a limited number of items from one playthrough to the next.  The world is ending, and unlike every other rpg ever made, the threat is very obvious and imminent.  As you run, behind you the world is being devoured by the darkness, and you along with it if you dally.  You have to find the best equipment you can, upgrade it, level up, and recruit any allies that might be willing to help, and stop the Darkness from destroying the world by any means necessary.Edit:  One Way Heroics Plus only adds even more reason to play."
,Recommended,266210,9752607,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Citricsaurus,"Coffee break rogue-like. You can pick up this game very fast and gameplay is straight forward. You can easily beat the easiest mode and unlock all classes and perks that affects how your stats and character in the game. Higher difficulty will take more time to beat it but overall enjoyable simple game.Only minor complaint I have is BGM. Don't get me wrong, I like it, but when you go into different places, the BGM change is very forced and abrupt. Bit rudimentary. (May change in future. This is written April 2014)Overall, definitely worth it."
,Recommended,266210,9332935,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Kom,"Roguelikes too complex?  RPGs too lengthy?  Well this game has the good traits of both and eliminates many of the bad qualities of either.  A bunch of short sessions over time give you more and more background behind the world and ways of playing, so there's usually something new even if you beat the initial game quickly."
,Recommended,266210,10897198,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Deburjurak-Sempai,"1600 hours:Hmmm I don't think i've played enough of this game to fully rate this game, but its good so far.2000 hours:I think I might be starting to understand how the game works and could have a final decision on if I recommend the game or not soon.4000 hours:Okay guys i've been staring at the screen for a long time now, I have no idea what i'm doing.10000 hours:I've finally done it, i've learned how to play. Now my review can be completed, it's been a long journey but it comes to an end. This is a great game that will keep you entertained for literally over 10000 hours (thats over an entire year of straight gameplay) real good game for sure."
,Recommended,266210,9348634,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Dream of Mystery,"Nice game , worth up your time to play it . Might be hard for the beginner , but then it went more easier later in time . It also has many character to play with ."
,Recommended,266210,9318181,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,두달만에도타함,"Recommend.Fun , Little bit Addictive."
,Recommended,266210,9348442,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Apoapsis,"Such a simple but fun game. The controls took a little bit getting used to but other than that it's been a lot of fun. The constant creep of the Darkness from the leftside of the screen keeps you constantly glancing at the mini-map and wondering if you can risk delving in to that dungeon real quick - will you be able to find an exit? If not, will you be able to hack your way out in time?  I't definitely worth the 3 bucks I threw at this game."
,Recommended,266210,9349062,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,[Japan],Good game :(
76561198025903125,Recommended,266210,9339612,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Squished Pear,"One Way Heroics has a straightforward but great concept. I was just about to overlook this game and not buy it but brought myself to anyway. Did I regret it? Definitely not. Why? A small price to pay for several hours of game gameplay and replayability. Was it worth it? I don't know about you but if I followed the concept of ""$1 = 1 hour gameplay"" then this is definitely worth lots more than what it's priced at.-Overviews and stuff- (if you just want the opinion go straight to it)You play as the ""almighty"" hero and continue travelling right to take down the demon lord who is slowly consuming the world in darkness. This darkness will continue following you throughout your travels. The game will also happily remind you that the very left side of your screen is death and despair and you don't want to be caught in it otherwise it'll eviscerate you......or something along those lines.There are several dimensions and special ones every now and then. This means you may share a dimension with friends (though you won't see them, you'll see how they did).In case you don't know what rogue-likes are, they are basically games that start you at level 1 and if you end up at the game over screen you have to start the game all over again, at level 1. Games like these however will allow you to carry certain 'things' over to your next playthrough. In this case, you'll be allowed to carry a limited amount of items you found across your previous travels (the limit of items can be increased as well).With One Way Heroics, you'll want to explore as much of an area as you can because you cannot stick around for long, and this is the part I liked best about this game. Exploring dungeons is risky because walls end up being an obstacle (and possibly sandwich you with the darkness if you can't get out). Don't stick around towns for too long as you'll want to do what you need to do then get out so then they can die and you'll continue on your journey.There's quite a number of items you can obtain in-game, dungeons to explore and as you finish your playthrough, you'll see your ""Heroic rating"". Depending on your rating, you'll earn certain amounts of Heroic points to use to unlock perks, classes and the cap limit of your dimensional vault. What you do affects your rating (challenging yourself can be rewarding as well).Perks are upgrades to your hero and you may change them to however you like. Extra perks are unlockable if you earn enough points for them.As for classes, you may either use your points on buying them OR you can unlock them for free by doing the objective for them.Dimensional vaults can be used to carry items from your last playthroughs and into your new game. The cap limit can be increased with heroic points and become more costly the more space you have.-Opinion(s)-There's a lot to why I find this game enjoyable but I'll tell you the main ones.1. The concept is pretty simple, and when it comes to concepts, I usually prefer simple ones. It's how you execute the concept is what appeals to me the most. This game actually did a great job at it and you'll be reminded very 'clearly' as well. I personally liked it and of course, this is basically my opinion of it. It'll either be a hit or a miss. Definitely a hit for me.2. Usually when it comes to RPG, I tend to think that there will be a lot of items that aren't neccessary but are there anyway for the quanitity. Most cases I prefer quality over quantity and in this case, it was the right amount for either two. You won't find many things necessary but they are useful items so it is completely up to you how you want to play and you'll have a variety of items to venture with.3. The gameplay mechanics are simple but for this top-down it also features diagonals (yes, very strange for a top-down to certain people but this added more of a challenge and I enjoyed it). I enjoy playing with a controller and I'm glad I don't have to actually use my mouse or keyboard at all to play this game.4. Music. Why? It was great to listen to when I played the game and never thought about turning it off.5. After you die or finish the game, you get to choose a variety of messages to tell others how you died or survived the struggle in dimensions. Even if the game ends, I'll be left satisfied with these messages (and unlocking more stuff).6. Bread crusts. You'll understand once you play the game and meet the chefs.Overall, I was very close to missing out this amazing game. I usually don't play top-downs, rogue-likes and what not but this game, whether you play games like this or not, I recommend you at least give it a go. It's not a grindfest and it's not too hard to pick up as well. It's also a cheap game, whether you get it on sale or not. This game was worth buying for just a few bucks."
,Recommended,266210,9314019,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,PsychoCandy,"Don't spend too long hanging around and eating the chef's delicious bread crusts - the world is quickly being covered in darkness and it is your job to head east and slay the Demon Lord. This is a neat game. It respects your time and your wallet. Perfect for those bitesized roguelike cravings but surprisingly rich with content for what it is. During online play you may encounter the helpful ghosts of other players à la Dark Souls who died by the unforgiving hands of roaming monsters. They will give you some experience and ask you to kill the Demon Lord for them. All in all it's fun and it's cheap, so why the heck not."
76561198037384445,Recommended,266210,9312344,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sojourgnostic,"By far the best 3.00 investment I've made in a long time. A fourth the price of other games, and already more hours logged."
,Recommended,266210,9312410,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Kyrandis,"This game is indeed an RPG, it has difficulty, a lot of things to learn about, everything I expected in an RPG, there are many classes to explore, many different campaigns to check out, the concept of the game is it's sidescroller SORT of turnbased, every action you do will scroll the screen more to the right, the darkness engulfs the left. If you get engulfed it's gameover.Oh and there's a Demon Lord that chases your♥♥♥♥♥with a timer clock that indicates when he comes and how long he stays. Also a day and night cycle. NPCs, Dungeons, various monsters. Skill effects, magicks, weapon skills, defense, tactics.I've played this for 30 minutes and am convinced if you like RPGs you should try this. for 3$, or even 10$ definitely worth it.The soundtrack is also ear candy.Only problem is that the resolution is fixed to 640x480, you can stretch it to fullscreen but here's hoping in future updates it'll support larger screen resolutions.update: hit 22 hours in and am still surprised there's things to discover, also daily campaigns are cool and differ from random generation and you get to gauge with other players online(due to you all being in the same dimension) and meet their ghosts if they met their demise on their way to escape the darkness or to fell the Demon Lord, or perhaps even a greater foe?"
76561198073329949,Recommended,266210,9312805,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,csnephi,"Pretty sweet game.Rather challanging with a nice diversity of characters to choose from and for the price I say its worth it, double so if its on sale.So far I've played several times, died a ton, and beat the demon lord once using a force user I unlocked as a class.The game machanics seem pretty easy to get the hang of.Graphics well you can see them in the picts for the game, kind of a nice old school style that I personally like with the occassional handdrawn looking stuff that is pretty sweet.Good bit of stuff to unlock it seems, some classes and I don't know how many perks.All in all a nice game that I recommend if you like this sort of thing."
76561198067085604,Recommended,266210,10734585,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Keny,"Was checking games on steam summer sale, found this game for like a dollar (probably less), have to be honest, bought it just for steam trading cards, started playing just to see whats up and after few hours i am logging off because i need to eat.My point is, this game is AMAZING!10/10 worth way more than i paid for."
,Recommended,266210,23502649,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Chipolla,"I spent 56 hours on this game?? How???It's awesome. It's never really the same experience because sometimes you get screwed the instant you step out of the castle, and sometimes it's easy for the first 600km. DLC is a must buy. I just cleared the dimensional passageway and it was great. A great challenge."
76561198063133451,Recommended,266210,9396606,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,(Gk) Erasels,"So, you may ask, ""Is this worth 3$/€/§?"" and the answer is yes, if you like rougelikes this game is worth even more.It's easy to learn, but hard to master and the RNG can totaly♥♥♥♥♥♥you over, but I had extremly good runs and extremly poor ones.Other than that, it has a pretty deep item system, lots of items and weapon and not to mention a nice progression system.Ofc, content wise this game get's pretty repetetive, but the terrain changes with every seed so it never really gets old.All in all, this game is a steal at it's price, I've played it for 12 hours (whilst writing this) and it's been a blast."
,Recommended,266210,22737527,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,S_Katana,Just got this game from the anime sale for less than a dollar. Was just looking for cheap games on the sale and I saw this and it had a great price and good reviews so I decided to give it a try. I would say it is an extremely fun game for those who just want to have a quick and fun game to play for a while. I finished the game probably within 2 hoursish but there is a lot of classes I still have to try out. 10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,266210,9490061,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Flash~Step,"fantastic OST, fantastic idea, simple yet smooth, addicting and humorous, just pure fun. play this awesome game."
76561197990192653,Recommended,266210,9298948,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Araara,"Lots of depth, replayability. Theres quite the amount of strategy you can think of in this."
,Recommended,266210,9326956,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,fancy portion,"A roguelike-like with no permadeath? It's true! You can load your save!Plays are a bit quicker than the Binding of Isaac, even if you get all the way to the end and win, but slower than Spelunky.Hunters OP."
,Recommended,266210,9365654,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,kmyc89,"Random world. Random enemies. Random checkpoints. Random dead...Run from the dark and be quick in all things you do.(Played with XBOX-controller, but uses keyboard-keys)Make/choose your character and they ""no time to explain*"".*A another nice game from GreenLight."
,Recommended,266210,9350062,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Professional Feeder,"Game presents itself as a cheap trash casual game without any story or even decent mechanics but with a single fun idea. I played it expecting to find just that. It lied to me. Though not perfect, there are many good mechanics with great replayability. After a few runs, you find secrets. They hid the plot! They even hid the boss! And when you figure out that a huge chunk of the game is hidden, you'll start digging like I did.It's not an amazing 60 dollar game but it's worth at least around 10 dollars. It's a great game and for 3 dollars, it's beyond perfect."
,Recommended,266210,11072967,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Nomine,"Oh look, it's another RPGm-No. I know that most of you out there hate the ""usual"" RPGmaker games, but i'd just like to say that this game is not a RPGmaker game, and yet - some of you just don't appreciate the hard work and decide to judge the game based on store page screenshots.That only begs for a more important question -  Why can't you love One Way Heroics?Library, New start, gameplay and the end. The cycle of a steam game and the end of playtime. Though we mostly have unplayed games in our library, we want to give each and every one of them at least a try. It is in such desperate times we find ourselves caught between playing League of Legends or playing a few minutes on Steam, as we don't have enough time for all the games we own. However, this one is a very important game you must try.Although One Way Heroics is like a piece of artwork, even the most popular one might not be suited for everyone. It's for that I spend so much time writing these great reviews.  Despite how much we bare ourselves, no matter the cost, no matter the repercussions, there is always something more to say about a good game... but sometimes it is best to not say anything and just let the game communicate it's strengths and weaknesses, and take the gameplay over reviews.This is one of those unique games. I highly recommend it even if it is sometimes very unforgiving (example: playing force user and not finding a single energy item for 800 turns).9.5/10"
,Recommended,266210,18590720,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Oh my oh my, why I have I passed this up so many times before in the weekly bargain bin - there is a darn good reason this hasoverwhelminglypositive reviews.This is such a wonderful mix of rogueLIKE (turn-based combat), andFinal Fantasy, without the menu-based combat. Metric tons of meta-game unlockables, which I totally love. So much game here, its a shame how underpriced it is.Don't let the JRPG/RPG-Maker graphics turn you off, this is not some weekend project - it is very well crafted and totally original.Pros:+Totally addicting roguelike game+Tons of gameplay to be had - and I haven't even touched the multiplayer/online map portion, which looks super fun+I love the meta-game unlockables; they remind me alot ofRogue Legacy+There is also an item vault similar to inToME+Price is stupid low+Definately alot to learn a laBoIstyle - knowledge is definately rewarded here+I really appreciate games that only use the keyboard - allows for easy laptop play, but I must add that controller support is great here too+Music is totally good classic RPG style balladsCons:-The graphics and JRPG structure will certainly turn alot of people off at first glance - it did for me - but it shouldn't!-Some wonky resolution options on the bigscreen, but I did find a fix that I still need to try-With complexity, there always comes a medium- to fairly steep learning curveTotally worth the money, hands down."
,Recommended,266210,9301799,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Tomato,Quick Bitesize Fun!Unique in the fact that you can reaccess specific randomly generated level over and over again.Turnbased but you won't feel it unless you are making a tough decisionThe Darkness makes every action count.Its so cheap that there is no excuse for not trying it!!
76561198071108814,Recommended,266210,12300412,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,TheGreasedUpDeafGuy,"An amazing game, where to start...You choose your hero, and start in one of the many maps. Embarking on your own epic adventure to escape the never ending darkness that pursues yourself. Mistakes will be made, tough decision lay at every town and dungeon in this race against time. Will you Defeat the demon lord? or will you just keep on running?For its prices its a steal, a unique take on classic rpg genre. With plenty of replay value, it will keep you coming back to this causle game to unlock every character, characted skin and perks.10/10"
,Recommended,266210,9418648,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,baja gaijin,"Take (a kinder version of) Rogue Legacy's ""death gains you currency to improve all future runs"" mechanic, put it in a more traditional turn-based, top-down roguelike format, and remove the ability to head left without risking death massively. Congratulations: you've got One-Way Heroics down relatively well. Add in the concept of daily challenge worlds a la Spelunky HD, and you have a killer combo - every day, random custom worlds show up for everyone to play in, and the deaths of others can benefit you directly. Find someone's corpse and gain XP/items from it... but be careful, god only knows if what killed them is going to come out for you as a result.It's a solid roguelike with interesting mechanics and ""permadeath"" that still gains you progress. Plus it is CHEAP AS HELL. If you aren't interested by this description, dodge it, but I really can't add more to this without going stupidly in-depth on mechanics and I think you should be able to pick out your choice from here."
76561197960344344,Recommended,266210,24523776,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,coltos,"The visuals are lacking, but the mechanics make up for it. It is a really fun game to play!"
,Recommended,266210,9829000,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Spacemarine9,i punched a dog to death and levelled up
76561198095061579,Recommended,266210,33146168,Posted: 2 July,all,[SFW]WAGAHAI-KUN,A really fun game that has more content than most expensive game. While the main goal which is to defeat the demon lord can be accomplished easily after some time and effort there are a lot of side quests which is worth exploring.
,Recommended,266210,11972693,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,MightyHonk,"A naked woman with green hair and huge♥♥♥♥♥battle axe breaks through city wall to buy lunch boxes. You can defeat demonic lords naked, but you sure as hell can't  when you're hungry.11/10 autistic RNG simulator with the pricetag of one cs:go weapon crate. And unlike most other rogue-likes you don't get much butthurt, it's all rather comfy and relaxing."
76561198098607985,Recommended,266210,31984732,Posted: 26 May,all,Kristy Blackclaw,Awesome dungeon crawler with nice challenge multi difficulty and a lot to unlock.Secret story and ending.It roguelike but pattern come back often without knowing what is ahead.dimension look often the same but with different bonus.You can be unlucky have strong ennemies at the wrong moment or do dump mistake.Easy to play but take time understand master the survival trick.Wall never been that dangerous.Got enough varied equipement and class for various play style.Cleary Worth it and the Dlc seem add alot new quest it a great expansion.But Don't buy the second they mess the gameplay with lot issue. ( I just read the bad review)Mystery Chronicle: except better graphic seem a flop.
,Recommended,266210,9347180,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Sorgrim,"SUCH ADDICTIVEVERY DEPTHSO VARIETYMUCH HEROICWOWSorry about that*. Anyway, if you want, like, this roguelike RPG thingy unlike any other, do check this one out. I bought it on a whim, knowing absolutely nothing about it, and I've rarely been so pleasantly surprised. This is worth so much more than they ask for it. If, say, Atlus released it as a full-priced 3DS title, I'd be right on it.Don't let the Japanese stylings put you off!(*They ARE all accurate adjectives, though.)"
,Recommended,266210,32921935,Posted: 28 June,all,Kiroiha,"This game is very enjoyable and has a high replay value. All you do is go right, fight, and explore."
,Not Recommended,266210,21679181,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,EternaTea,"TLDR:  Only buy this game if you get it WITH the expansion, and preferably on sale.  The reason I don't recommend it is because One Way Heroics is still an incomplete game, with the expansion and all.The review:After 70 hours playtime, I can't recommend One Way Heroics.  Without the expansion (One Way Heroics Plus, $6.49), this game is borderline unplayable.  The expansion brings in much needed UI updates, gameplay tweaks, more items and more characters.  And a ton of bug fixes.Problem is, most of that stuff should have been patched in to the base game.  Or, more realistically, put in to the game before it ever released.  Especially since, even with all that, it still feels like a beta version.  Very late in the beta process, but still not quite ready for release.  Somewhere in the polishing phase.  Bugs are still being squashed to this day, and I experienced plenty in my time with the game.Once you take all the things from OWH+, and subtract them out since they should have been included in the main game prior to release, you're left with just the new classes and the castle expansions.  And they aren't worth $6.49 by themselves.  The classes are easy to gloss over, and none of the castle expansions have a huge impact on your game.  You can easily do without both.With a bit of a shallow story, one that was also poorly translated, the gameplay is what keeps you coming back.  And it's (almost) all there... so long as you make sure to pick up OWH+ as well."
76561197968656529,Recommended,266210,9337622,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Jools,"What I really love about this game is even though it's a ""roguelike"" you don't lose absolutely everything after a death.  I don't have time to sink hours into a game only to lose everything because random chance didn't favor me.  It may not be a large amount, but having that little bit of carry over to make the game fresh (but not much easier) makes all the time spent much easier to justify.  Highly enjoyable game."
,Recommended,266210,9619213,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Tolain,"For being so cheap, this game was an amazing fun surprise. It's a fairly simple roguelike that's really quick (1-2 hours) and rewarding, has a lot of different classes to play, four difficulties, multiple endings, and has different maps and challenges every day.Every adventure earns you hero points, which you can use to buy new perks or shared bank space (to hand down items to new characters) after you die or win.There are multiplayer feeds that show what other players are doing at the same time, and you'll often encounter helpful ghosts of players who died in that dimension. At the end of each adventure you can get a scrolling credit-roll of all the heroes who won.Great simple and fun game, and highly replayable."
,Recommended,266210,9308175,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Ginger!!!!,"This game is awesome. Rogue-Like, adventure RPG.  Play for 5 minutes or more then an hour.  Just a warning, If you leave the online options active the game will crash every other run. SO turn the online options off and enjoy the game."
76561198064988789,Recommended,266210,9311438,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Reathenlash,While the game is rather unique I was able to beat it in 45 minutes on my seconed playthrough.I still reccomend picking it while it is on sale as it is a pretty good time waster.  (You may not be able to beat the game as quickly as I did unless you have played similar games such as TOME)
,Recommended,266210,9375145,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Asferot De Voll,"It is really good. Rogue-like/lite at its finest with added cool stuff.The random worlds and online challanges are fun to do.Definately a game to buy, especially for a price so low."
,Recommended,266210,9334577,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Noontide,"One of the most fun and addicting games I've ever played. I just can't stop playing it! Japanese RPG roguelike, what's not to like?"
76561197990395265,Recommended,266210,18403840,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Chimera,Nice game to quench that 16-bit era nostalgia.If you grew up during the 90's I totally recommend this little gem to you.
76561198045184141,Recommended,266210,9365004,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Wulfbrir,I'll admit my first half hour with this game was a bit frustrating but once you get used to the gameplay it becomes extremely addicting. With each playthrough the game becomes more and more interesting with several classes and perks to unlock. Also the ability to save with multiple save files for different characters is nice. The dimensional vault feature of this game allows you to put in items after you are killed or are victorious and use them on a new character to make your adventure a bit easier. For the negligible price that you could probably find in your couch you can acquire a game that will you keep you occupied for at least a couple of hours. If you are looking for some good ol' rogue-like rpg style gaming then this might be right up your alley.
,Recommended,266210,9361098,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Nekoko,worth it :3
,Recommended,266210,9444270,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,-Syfle-,"A very straight forward game. I love it with it's rouge-like play style. Everything is randomly generated, so you never have the same adventure (except if you choose the same map). Its controls a very easy to understand, and you can get the hang of the game after several tries. Beat the dark lord already, and got the 2 started classes above the 50th ranking score. You just to make sure to always leave behind something that helped you out in your previous play, and dont forget to use your skills.I definatley recommend this game, and for this price I was amazed."
,Recommended,266210,9314093,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,craigman1211,"A greata value for the cost, I am getting plenty of enjoyment from this game. Its a highly replayable game which requires learning and strategy to get to the later and more difficult areas. It rolls over loot and allows you to unlock abilities for new starting characters. I say, worth the price. Kudos"
,Recommended,266210,9319798,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Stealthygolem,"A great game, at least for its price. I'd definitely pay 15€ for this gem.Veru much a ""one-more-game"" kind of feeling. As close to the SNES artstyle you can get with indie-development today.A roguelike game where you unlock more and more stuff to help you on your journey. If you're a fan og rogueliked, snes rpgs and some tactical input, pick this up!"
,Recommended,266210,13819717,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Zhorast,"nice game with great BGM, recommended for people who like old RPG type."
76561198037070834,Recommended,266210,9336843,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Jimbos,"Addicting as heck, and massive fun. With such a low price tag it's almost impossible to not get this game and drop a few hours on it. If you like rogue-likes and want to do some quick runs through an awesome pixel world you need to get this. Hell, if you like rogue-likes period pick this up, it costs next to nothing, and you'll be playing for hours before you even realize it."
,Recommended,266210,9352418,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Shine,"One of the single best games I've ever played. It's simple and games are short, with LOTS of replay value, as is with many modern roguelike games.Despite it's appearance, not a common JRPG, but features styles and themes from JRPG games. The gameplay is more of a traditional roguelike game.Only downside to the game is slightly suffering visuals. It's an indie game and the quality shows in terms of art sadly."
,Recommended,266210,9326951,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Vandermillion,For three bucks USD this is worth your money as it is a good fun time sink. Sure there is a lot that could be worked on but for now this is pretty nice as is.
,Recommended,266210,9390630,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,playonlinux,"This game is tons of fun. It's not very expensive, so I'd recommend it. I played about 15 hours of it so far, which is more than my moneys worth in my opinion. :DI hope they have more content someday!"
76561198054959782,Recommended,266210,9393912,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,sango213,"Pretty incredible game for 3 dollars. But...it's cheapness does kinda rear it's ugly head. Generally, the most interesting part of it is that it pretty seemlessly goes from a side-scrolling adventure to a strategic battle field...of sorts (as discussed below)In no paricular order:Let's start with the classes.To start with, you've got 2 classes available, and up to...6 (?) other classes if you unlock them.They all are kinda balanced, aside from the fact that bows are incredibly overpowered, because all but two enemy types, that I've encountered in my various runs through this game, lack any sort of ranged attack...and the sword master is really kinda underpowered. Dies too easily, and starts with a poor selection of gear.CUSTOMIZATIONVisually, you can choose from male and female of each class you unlocked, and when you beat the game with it, you can play as a special visual version of it. These have no non-cosmetic effects, as far as I've noticed.To start with, you can assign up to 3 perk slots, but eventually unlock more. I'm not sure how, I think by beating the evil wizard boss thing.And, to start with, you can select from all the stat+ perks, which boost said stat, and give minor side-bonuses, like Str+ gives bonus carrying capacity, and Endurance+ gives bonus damage reduction. You also start off with one specialist perk: Survivalist, which gives a large bonus to health, but nothing else. (Generally, I going full Str+ on all the perks seems to be the most efficient option, as you will probably then kill everything in one shot with proper gear.)Again, you can unlock more, like a pet, or other specialist perks, like + to carrying capacity, or other things.ENEMIESHonestly the weakest point of this game. There is so little enemy variety. There's an imp, dogs, harpies, bats, orc-looking things, lizard men, Druid, skeleton, skeleton champions (they use shields), and the boss. OK, that's actually not too bad, but what was dissapointing was that they all seem to do the exact same thing: walk up to you and hit you with their stick. There is nothing very interesting about the enemies. It's like they are all just reskins of the same creature. And this is most appearant when it shows at the death screen what they used to kill you (pretty much always basic attack).Now, the imp, and Druid, they have ranged attacks. the imp throws stones. and the Druid launches a level 300 something lightning bolt at you. Thankfully, you only aggro druids if you had killed innocent creatures (which give you stat bonuses), and you can run away with just 1 or 2 uses of your awakening (the game's ""oh sh*t"" button)Unfortunately, the boss is basically like the basic monsters, except he is immune to the first 15 hits you land on him, including your pets' hits.ART STYLElook at the damned screen shots. I kinda like the style they went with.COMBATKind of falls into the same trap that the enemies did. You've got 3 equipment slots: weapon, armor, and accessory. Generally, you have swords(basic melee), spears/lances(melee to 2 squares), axes(melee, focused on wall/chest destruction), and bows for weapons. And that's really about itDepending on the class you selected, you might have an active ability, but they are rarely all that useful, save for the knight's ironwall, which heals her and protects from damage...it's kinda insane. So, it's kinda like combat in D&D 3.5 ""I hit him with my stick!"" Over...and over...and over again. Thankfully, battles don't tend to last long, if you have a lot of strength...and if you don't, they still won't last long because you'll die.You can throw objects from your inventory, but unless it's specialized for throwing...like rocks(???) or acid... it's not going to do much. Not to mention, acid does damage over time, giving the enemy that time to kill you. Best just to attack it.You can beat down walls, so, you can create your own pathing, if you get stuck, or if the side of the building with the door is surrounded by mountains... It's neat.LOOTAs discussed in the above, there aren't many weapons, but the other types of items you can collect and sell is quite expansive. If you're doing well, you're going to be carrying a sack of gold and goods heavier than an african elephant...mostly for food, and occassionally healing(maybe)...and throwing....if you want. But, although you have tons of gold, you can rarely find upgrades from merchants, it seems. So, you go fighting the boss, letting a couple hundred thousand gold coins weigh you down, after weeks of no sleep. (Sounds like a perfect storm.)YOU KNOW?I can't really think of anything to really say this is actually a GOOD game...but it was fun for the first 2 or 3 hours, even if I'm never going to touch it again. And for the price, it was quite worth while."
,Recommended,266210,9395069,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ShakaUVM,"It's FTL the roleplaying game. It's fun, it's cheap, it's fairly deep. It's fairly forgiving on some of its roguelike traits, energy (the fuel equivalent in FTL) is pretty easy to replenish in most games. But other elements, like repairing your gear, is rare to the point of nonexistence, making it very frustrating when you have all the top tier stuff, but can't actually use it because they'll break. The graphics and font are also pretty terrible - it was clearly made for a tablet.Well worth your time, though."
76561198062899091,Recommended,266210,9406033,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,ByKe,"I remember pushing this game up on GreenLight and it sure was worth it!For the price, you get a randomly generated environment with a lot to offer for strategy and RPG fans. Every class has their ups and downs and the way you have to get away from pinch moments is where it's at!It has some bugs now and then, but it didn't prevent me from playing over and over until I had defeated the demon lord several times in a walk in the park!Give it a try, you'll surely enjoy!"
,Recommended,266210,9414898,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,MrGareBear,"What to say about One Way Heroics? Well, it is an amazing game where the darkness is devouring half of the world and every action/move you make decides the fate of your hero, its people, and the world. One Way Heroics, is a turn base rpg similar to FF tatics (to me) with a new experience with every game play. Some gameplays may be similar than others but with the random drops, enemies, and companions each run. It is a different run each game play. There are multiple different endings in the game and you do get to encounter other players in the muti-dimension worlds as ghosts. The ghosts are fallen players that give half a level and a random item they had on them (sometimes something really good).With each play through, you are rewarded with Heroic points at the end of the game. Even if you died you are rewarded from your progress. The points can be used for Perks (examples swimming lvl 1, having a pet to fight along side you), the dimensional vault (will explain what this is next), and other classes (the other classes can be unlocked for free by just completing the requirement for the class). The dimensional vault is a place to store your epic equipment, loot, and reward items at the end from each run. You can reuse them in the next play through to start off stronger then you did at first. If you take an item out of the vault, make sure to return it or you will lose that item.I would recommend One Way Heroics for the price they are offering for it. The game itself has a lot of growth in it and if you like the old school tatical rpg type of games. I am pretty sure you will love this game and get hooked on it."
,Recommended,266210,23109518,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Foggy Dreamer,"""One Way Heroics"" is a great roguelike where you play as a hero who tries to stop the darkness from swallowing the world - literally. You are forced to travel to the right in your quest as the darkness destroys everything from the left. Each world you save unlocks more classes, perks and other bonuses that bring you closer to solving the mystery behind the threat that engulfs endless worlds.The gameplay is quite well balanced, allowing for different playstyles. The variety of difficulties, campaign types and options encourage players of all skill levels to continue moving forward. While the art could use some improvement, the music is decent and the story is quite interesting and well-written.""One Way Heroics"" brings the excitement of permanent death while giving players many reasons to keep trying again. I highly recommend the game to both roguelike veterans and those new to the genre. Do consider buying the DLC - ""One Way Heroic Plus"", as it adds even more content, features and replay value"
76561198288347016,Recommended,266210,23217538,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,poison_heart,I have had so much fun just choosing classes going into randomized generated worlds and seeing how far my perks and class can take me. I sometimes wish there was a survival mode just keep going to see how far you can get.I love the simplistic feel and nostalgic feel of the gameplay and graphics.There are unlockable classes.Its got great replay value.Exploring class and perks with each adventure gives you the power to challenge your self.
,Recommended,266210,12107841,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Duffie#9164 [Discord],"Saw a friend of mine got this game, and I noticed it was on sale for $1...  So, I thought I'd grab myself a copy; I was very much satisfied. :owforce:One Way Heroics, being a rogue-like on the run, is quite a fun experience.  I was afraid it would be extremely time limit based, which I despise, but I was thankfully proven wrong.  While you do always have to be on the run from the shadowy darkness from the left, you can play a pretty much infinite game...  Just, be aware things will get stronger, and that the Demon Lord will continuously hunt your butt down.While I extremely enjoy this game, the friend I saw buy this, did not.  This game is not for everyone, but to give you an idea of the games I like, you could say this game is similar, but on a certain degree, to...  FTL: Faster Than Light and Dungeons of Dredmor.If you're still not quite sure, and if $3.49 is still a bit much for you, I highly suggest picking up a copy when it goes on sale, even one as low as 25% off. :3"
76561197995928059,Recommended,266210,9327459,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Chicory Blue,"One Way Heroics is a fine example of a miniature Roguelike done right. Character building isn't tremendously deep, and the randomly-generated environments are never fiercely different from one another, but the constant pressure from its unique side-scrolling progression affords precious little time to test the boundaries as you press on, resulting in an experience that always feels satisfyingly complex despite its lighthearted presentation.The premise and gameplay are dually summed up with this statement: The world is being swallowed up by a deadly shadow ever creeping from the west, and your only means of surviving long enough to undo this cataclysm is to travel east with the shadow ever at your heels. You pick your character's name, class, gender, a handful of flavorful perk, and prepare to go right a whole lot.One Way Heroics likes to keep things light. Classes are differentiated by variations in starting stats, plus one or two spells to break out when the going gets rough. Maps are relatively linear, with occasional obstacle mazes to keep players light on their feet and miniature dungeons and towns to venture into when there are a few extra turns to burn. Not that there often are, of course, as every turn scrolls the screen a bit more to the left, and getting swallowed up by the left side of the screen is fatal. The decision to enter a stone dungeon isn't one to be taken lightly, though neither is anything else. Using an item, equipping a weapon, or speaking to an NPC is just as dangerous as any other action that isn't stepping to the right, but as the monsters grow fiercer the further east you go, deviating from the main path to grab extra equipment or visit a merchant is often prudent.One would think laying this mechanic on top of an otherwise traditional roguelike would make the experience drastically more difficult, yet surprisingly, One Way Heroics is not that bloodthirsty a game. Actual victory is a completely attainable goal, and not neccesarily all that challenging a task (unless you want it to be). Your character will only last the length of one run, but ""horrible, horrible death"" isn't necessarily going to be the reason for their retirement. It's a nice feeling.With comparatively few options for character development, streamlined combat, and limited variety to be found even in the mix-and-match biomes of the extremely linear maps, One Way Heroics doesn't run quite as deep as the games it seeks to emulate, yet unlike many mass-production Roguelikes it still manages to capture pretty much all of the fundamental qualities that make the genre great, all while introducing unique and memorable mechanics to set itself apart from the crowd.Whether you're a newcomer to the genre seeking something unintimidating but satisfying or a long-time Roguelike fan looking for something simple and unique, One Way Heroics is worth a fortune more than its humble price tag, and should be investigated as soon as possible."
76561198075649066,Recommended,266210,9327082,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,arthurthehuman,"Warning: Not to be underestimated.One-Way Heroics combines turn-based combat, side scrolling arcade style gameplay, limited saves, and a hearty dose of classic RPG nostalgia. It also ranks in difficulty with the likes of Mega-Man, Ninja Gaiden, and Castlevania.The foundation of Heroics would make it seem like two things that should never go together.On the left side of the screen, the world fades into a Darkness that consumes men, women,  children, small animals, dungeon bosses, buildings, eveything. It is your job to find out what is causing the darkness by travelling to the ends of the earth and defeating the source (oh, and the final boss has finally attained some common sense, and will randomly spawn in an effort to kill you before you get enough power and equipment to wreck his world.)  It would start to sound as if it's an infinite runner (akin to Temple Run and Flappy Bird).And then there are the RPG elements.Randomly generated worlds, item upgrades, exploration, looting, unlockable perks and classes, the element of permadeath between save points (random enemy drops and treasures will not be the same after continuing from a save file), and the random enemy attributes lead one to question their sanity.Each playthrough is different. You have the option to create a new random world every time that you start a new game, but you can also play through the same world as different classes.There are 8 different classes in total, (Only the Knight and Swordmaster are available at the start, but with additional playthroughs, the roster expands with Hunter, Pirate, Bard, Adventurer, Force User, and Hero) with very different play styles. Swordmasters are tough, but it comes at a cost to stamina and carrying capacity. Hunters, however, are better suited to stealth, ranged weapons, and have a special ability that allows them to see off-screen enemies before they encounter them.All in all, it's got great addictive gameplay, the sprite animations are charming, the music is fantastic , and I would give this an 8-8.5"
,Recommended,266210,9326153,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Davin,"Lots of value here for the price. Great way to waste a weekend, and it has a wide variety of good music reminescent of the 16-bit era. (it's not often that I'm reminded of Lagoon)The game presents itself as simple, but conceals a great deal of depth. There are two ways to beat the game other than the one you're presented with, and there are some sharp story twists if you're willing to dig for them."
,Recommended,266210,9320762,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,north.aj,"I am very impressed with this game. It is at heart a roguelike RPG, but there is much more to it than simply that. Being in that cross-categorical genre does require a certain amount of luck with each playthrough, but with this title a level of strategic thinking is also necessary. The ever present ""Darkness"" coming at your character from the lefthand side of the screen forces you to make difficult decisions - should I visit that town in the North or the dungeon in the South? There isn't time to do both.With a multitude of unlockables (character classes, starting perks, slots in the ""shared stash""), there is a tremendous amount of replayability here.I highly recommend this title."
76561198028440209,Recommended,266210,9325081,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Milk`Man,"This game is amazing! You won't get a game this good for just 3 dollars. There's vast amount of contents in the game, and the replayability is very high. Lots of classes, lots of items, new maps with new stuff etc."
,Recommended,266210,9326820,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,jutetrea,"Wow.  Surprising.   Fun, interesting quick little game.   Each game takes around 20-40 min, but you can die gruesomely early or extend a game quite a bit.   Very basic, but it also has a nice quantity of wrinkles that keeps it interesting.I've put ~10 hrs into it so far, almost have everything basic unlocked although there are  hints of some other things to strive for.Quite fun, and for less than $5 definitely worth it."
,Recommended,266210,22969685,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,ChibiNinja20,"Iris is qt3.14Seriously though, this is a cute little time-killer sidescrolling roguelite with a mechanic that forces you to move forward or be swallowed by the encroaching darkness coming from the left side of the screen. Simple mechanic, but effective (should I risk racing for that chest I just spotted near the left or move on?) Very lighthearded, doesn't take itself seriously at all. Pretty satisfying, with solid turn-based grid gameplay and plenty of fun classes and skills to unlock."
76561198029054889,Recommended,266210,9353502,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,desperatemeasur,super cheap and fun game that has you constantly running to the right! There is a lot more depth than I had originally thought there would be. It is pretty much rogue legacy except turn based and probably harder
,Recommended,266210,9366210,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Fognar,"With its roguelike elements and JRPG-style combat, this little game is way more fun and addictive than it has any right to be."
,Recommended,266210,9378753,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Durst,
,Recommended,266210,9365247,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,XDem,Really fun little game. Worth every penny!
,Recommended,266210,9367565,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Negative.,This game is very fun. A tried-and-true rougelike with a surprisingly well working twist creates one of the best games i have ever played. The soundtrack is pretty good too.
,Recommended,266210,21817583,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,upd🌀g,"If The NeverEnding Story and a turn-based JRPG took a sloppy, unprotected ride on the bone train in the bathroom of a Bon Jovi concert, and then the resulting baby was given up for adoption to be raised by a kind-hearted foster family of addictive indie Rogue-Lites, this is what that child would look like.If you're a nihilist or a spooky Tim Burton fan, you can repeatedly run into the cold arms of the dark abyss slowly consuming all of reality and celebrate the futility of your existence to your heart's content!! Also there's a dog girl if you're into that♥♥♥♥♥♥15 and a half rapples."
,Recommended,266210,22031686,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,-wv- Spσσkч Nyantα,"Taking One Way Heroics to a new level, Plus adds almost double the content with new classes, enemies, features and more. Defeat the Demon Lord in a whole different dimension with this unmissable addition.Literlly the DLC and the Whole entire game in a nutshellIf you are a fan of Rouge like Dungeons / Openworlds like Minecraft - Binding Of Issac series, and Cyrpt of the Necrodancer. Then this game is also a must in your inventory of wonderous games.I personally would like to say I spent countless hours offline and online on this game. Trust me, it may look low now. But I spent 100+ of hours playing this... Why? I had worlds to explore. I maybe explored over 1000+ worlds and yet have to save not even 40% of them yet.You get to choose your class and you are already set to go on a journey of a everlasting battle of darkness. Not only that,the darkness is actually a dragon!is also a very impending doom of your very world you travel and  saving!Fear not, you have time on your hand. No joke, time is of the essance and so is key placement, fighting, item usage and your weapon durability. May I also say you have a day/night cycle? Vision ? More over that you have Bonuses and debuffs? Even more so you can find allies! Even if you're willing to sacrifice some of your levels,A bard and hero is more sufficient in creating a co-op NPC!you can obtain some Cooperating Enemies or other misc!.The content of the first game is already a great stand alone game. But the expansion far over gives it more power and bang for your buck. Even at a sale price, the game is fantastic. The updates are nearly weekly and they are on the clock * LOL PUNS* constantly checking for bugs and patching new campaigns.The classes are easy to understand, the game mechanics simply easy to use, and if delt well , very useful to master. As time, placements, and generally the whole landscape. You too can already learn the many ways of becoming heroic.There is also a _Afterdeath_ Screen where you can save, trade, expend, repair, and increase your items you collected in your traveling of the worlds. Hell you can even gain items you can't get in certain campaings. But if you complete it , you gain special other perks, even endings you can get if you finally get them!Game has perks in it... PERKS! Even Debuffs that make your heroic level skyrocket, but not for the faint of heart. As the Debuffs increase levels, yes, but make your game FAR more Harder and more time pinching then the other easy pickings. Even if you think you got a nice going class you like and you unlock another and gain them the right set for them. You want to try to get more classes.The DLC does that for you, it adds 4 more classes, ON TOP with more perks, settings, increase in more items, drops, enemies. Even more campaigns you can do in yourCastle Renavations and also other main / side quests!More toys to find. Even going beyond the limit. The world never ends.The ProsRouge Like - Infinite PossiblitiesLow PriceTrading CardsRetro Gameplay with innovative tactics.Weekly Updates / New CampaignsGreat for Game Stuffers and Collectors!Great storyline - Mini Campaigns with Plots and EventsGreat Quick Game for short players - Walk in the Park if you have a break in your schedule!The ConsTime Waster - Somewhat good too.Slightly challenging to a new RPG Player if not prepared -Be Fairly Warned - If going for harder campaigns and doing it for cheevies, I suggest trying to use Hero / Knight Classes to survive if not, Bet your heroic tush goodbye! [spoiler/]No Multiplayer Base - But What you expect? I said *Co-op* but it's your Allies you make in game.Options and HUD UI a bit ... Cluttered but I let it slide as it trying to keep all your info in the game as you travel without the need of constant back tracking.All in All A very great game, I love it, I play it, I am Addictted to it.In my score I give it 9.2 / 10 Review9.5/10 - Gameplay9.0/10 - Music / OST9.0/10 - Graphics8.5/10 - Storyline10/10  - Creativity and Originality"
,Recommended,266210,9323323,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Simmering,"One Way Heroics is not your typical rpg game. You are constantly pursued with darkness making you go only one way, east. There is lots of customization for your character, such as class, perks, stats, and looks. Although this game is perma death, you will acquire hero points based on how well you did your previous run, these points can be used for customizations for your character. I highly recommend this game. Also has a online feature where you can see what others players are doing in the same dimension as you. Has good humor and comedy in it to ^^."
,Recommended,266210,10721509,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vergilius,Addictive and beautifully designed game. Offers much more than its price.
76561198115719777,Recommended,266210,25379185,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,L_o_f_t_u_s,"A fun game that is definitely worth it's price tag. (Currently £2.29) I picked this up on sale for less than a pound and have since put just shy of 30 hours into it, completing all of the achievements in the process.It manages to be different to more traditional rogue-likes and has a real quaint feel to both the art and music. The gameplay is rather simplistic but it manages to be enjoyable. I'd say towards the end of my play-time as i aimed to finish the last of the achievements things began to get a little repetitive, as you'll be encountering the same layouts and enemies routinely, but for the first handful of playthroughs i definitely discovered something completely new each time.If you enjoy rogue-likes or story-light RPGs, pick this one up. It's definitely worth it."
,Recommended,266210,13969278,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Hodou,"Very charming and entertaining roguelike that delivers fully on a great concept. Manages to be simple and fun to play while still having tons of depth. It can get a little too easy at times for veterans of the genre (I've already had two successful runs, and look at my playtime!) but it's a lot of fun regardless and has plenty of reasons to keep playing. I did not expect to love this game anywhere near as much as I did."
,Recommended,266210,19837164,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,LukeDIP,"Welcome to the world of One Way Heroics.You can play as multiple characters while you travel to the right side of the map at all times for a great darkness follows and swallows the world behind you. Do you have what it takes to manage the up coming challenges and escape the creeping death while facing the dangers ahead?Starting off the king sends you upon a journey to escape the darkness and find the truth of what is happening to the world, you take the challenge before you and must move and leave behind the castle. Once on the move you must use cunning and skill in a semi turned based, rogue-like, RPG full of challenges. Bosses await your arrival at certain intervals, the randomly generated map will keep you on your toes. Decisions will have you staring at your screen for minutes at a time. Should you use that ability to save your life or keep pushing yourself to the limit for the slim chance of victory.I expect to be placing alot more time into this gem. It has an excellent amount of difficulty and a very unique type of gameplay with the grid system, in-depth attributes, weapon enchanting, and item management.I highly recommend this game, thanks for reading."
,Recommended,266210,12017581,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Interesting and challenging concept; felt like a fresh breath in the RPG genre\+ Every move and item selection has to be calculated, as you're always on the clock+ Random world generation, unlockable classes, game-modes, and various ways to beat the game add a good deal of replayability+ Simple, aesthetically pleasing UI+ Excellent controller support+ Controls and battle/item systems are all very simple and easy to pick up, especially for an RPG+ Charming, enjoyable retro sountrack- Inordinately difficult for new players- No tutorialLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,266210,13829257,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,sakuredu,best damn roguelike game since FTL
,Recommended,266210,13564507,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Schopenhauer,"Great game with good gameplay and music. Tiles look almost borderline default rpg maker but it is made up for in almost every other department.You basically move east across the map while escaping impending doom via darkness from the west, while attacking monsters, finding chests and completing ""micro-dungeons"". It has many features that will suprise you, plus the minimal social feature somehow makes it not feel so lonely.  The game has 44 achievements and a couple steam card drops which should really be standard. At such a low price it would be stupid for rougelike fans to not at least try it, especially at sale prices."
,Recommended,266210,10926334,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,EJCash,"This is a fantastic game. It's quick addicting and fun. With it's attractive graphics, smart stats, awesome randomly generated world, cool ff-like music, and LOADS of replay value, I can say for eighty cents (during this sale at least) this is WAY more than worth it."
,Recommended,266210,9543662,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,kizakami,"Game was awsome, i love this one :D."
,Recommended,266210,23753075,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Toasty484,"If the hefty price tag of $3.50 scared you off, worry no longer with the steam summer sale. 87 cents is perfect to round off any change you have with an interesting and addicting RPG maker game that, unlike most of the RPG maker backlog, is actually an RPG. Worth grabbing the DLC too, if you're the kind of aristocrat that bathes in tubs of dollar bills."
76561198125175834,Recommended,266210,16497894,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ami Futami,"In addition to the Steam version, I've also logged another 50 hours on One Way Heroics Plus.  Even at full price, it's totally worth it, if you're even tangentially into procedurally generated roguelikes.PROS:Three dollars at full price, and constantly going on sale.Several ways to beat the game.Nearly infinite replay value.OWH+ has already been released on playism, and adds even more depth to the game.Nobody is immune to anything.  If it says it works, it will work.  No more pesky ""Poison only works on player, but not bosses"" nonsense.CONS:dated graphicsWeapons are hard to keep forever (Not that you need them, but you grow attached).Poor scaling for super long runs.  There's no setting between ""You slaughter this guy"" and ""You die in one hit"""
,Recommended,266210,16487620,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Vashzaron,"So much damn content and fun to be had for it's amazing price, in or out of sales.Without a doubt one of the best roguelikes I've played."
76561197971628333,Recommended,266210,12301434,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Modranto,"A game that thrives purely on its innovative gameplay.Games like this are part of the reason why I love what indie games bring to the industry. While AAA developers stick to doing what they know will make money (sequel after sequel, FPSs, etc.), indie developers are more often willing to take risks on new ideas. Sure, you still get plenty of repetition out of the indie scene (side scrolling platformers, RPG Maker RPGs, roguelike elements, retro visuals, zombies, etc.) but I think that their overall percentage of innovative games brought to market is higher. Oddly enough, One Way Heroics features all the examples I listed in parentheses for repetition except for platforming, yet it still goes down as an innovative game in my book.In order for you to be successful in One Way Heroics, every action you take requires that you be mindful of the ever encroaching darkness on the left side of the screen. It's such a simple concept and yet it has such a profound effect on the entirety of the game. I particularly appreciated how it forced a fast pace to the game (an extremely uncommon trait in RPGs) and demanded strategic thinking. Both of these play into a relatively harsh learning curve. My first attempt ended very early on yet I was quickly able to restart and learn from my mistakes. This isn't an exceedingly deep game so the learning curve relaxes after the first few hours. That said, between the 8 classes, a variety of perks you can choose from, and 4 difficulty levels, there are enough new things to try to keep your interest.It's when you look outside of the gameplay that One Way Heroics comes up short. Its visuals, while not offensively bad, are very generic and bland. The music is a little better but equally generic. I'm still not entirely sure what to make of the story. It's odd because so much of it is worked into the game like an optional sidequest or rare, chance encounter. There were several moments that I enjoyed but the terrible English translation, silly anime character tropes, and high degree of difficulty in even accessing the story put a major damper on this aspect of the game. Despite 33 hours played I only ever encountered one of five NPC characters that you can have join your party and hear their story. The only reasons I can think of to have that level of rarity are a misguided attempt to elongate replayability or an MMO inspired reward for dedicated players. This is an excellent point to lead into my summary: One Way Heroics has a solid gameplay concept at its foundation but is surrounded by otherwise amateurish game design."
,Recommended,266210,34760572,Posted: 5 September,all,ProfessorBarbell,"You want to know what makes roguelikes great? It's the ability to replay the game over and over again.  Seriously, this game hits all the area plus some unique ones.Pros:+ Replayability (Insane amount)+ Variety of Classes changes the impact of the game.+ 3.50$ ......  (Spent more time with this game then most $40-60 games)+ Turn-Based Stratergy+ MusicNeutral:= Artstyle (Depends on what you like)= RNG can be cruel (Game requires thinking)Con:- Hard to master!Sugesstion:If this is your first roguelike game, please don't be frustrated. All roguelikes have this curve to them that must be mastered! Welcome to world of one way heroic and please enjoy! Read a guide if you are having trouble!"
,Recommended,266210,16852399,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Croissant,"A Great Little GameThe game is short so I will keep the review equally so. Putting long windedness aside, this game is just simple fun to give you a fix for a while, nothing hardcore or intense. Just a fun little game, I picked it up for less than a buck, you could probably pick it up for the same price if you wait. On a sale this game is a steal, but I would only really recommend it on a sale because of a distinct lack of content and playtime. Still was enjoyable for how long it lasted. I would say it's worth a low sale price."
,Recommended,266210,24730468,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sven++,"An interesting little game. Graphics/UI feel very outdated, the gameplay is fun but repetitive, but for such a cheap price you'll definitely get your money's worth out of it."
76561198045849079,Recommended,266210,15703016,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Cookie_Crusader,A good game to pass a cople of hour but i just couldnt get into playing it but i think thats just because its not my style of game that i like playing. However the time i did play it for i found it enjoyable!
76561198124214444,Recommended,266210,9394295,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Kenpachi,Great game with a very interesting mixture or side scrollers and rpgs
76561198072144953,Recommended,266210,15329211,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,NinjaGogeta,Don't play if you like to backtrack
,Recommended,266210,15006888,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Goliko (╭ರᴥ•́),"*tl;dr:This game is basically walking to the right side, while avoiding the darkness that keeps eating everything from the left side, with RPG elements and randomized world.*-The game has different classes.-Each world is different (randomized).-The game has good difficulty modes (They are not too easy and not inhumanly hard)-You level up your character, by gaining exp from creatures that spawn around the world or in dungeons.-The game has multiple classes that you need to unlock. Each class has different strenghts and weaknesses.-Each class levels different stats up faster. For example the sorcerer levels inteligents faster than the knight class.-Story is scattered. You need to beat the game multiple times on different difficulties and with different characters, to find out more about the story.-Great replay value if you like walking east every time.Overall I'd say this is a good game for the completionists, who dont mind doing the same thing in a randomized world over and over again.I wouldn't recommend buying this if you're not planning on spending hours unlocking the characters and the different endings or difficulties.DLC EDIT:-Monster spawn more and items spawn randomly, so no more waiting or sitting around-More items have been added and the spawn rate has been reworked so powerfull items are more rare-More story has been added and the main story has been completed.-Mini bosses have been added-Random events have been added-More terrain has been added-More NPC's and shops/dungeons have been addedThe DLC is a great addition to the game, the events, mini bosses and random loot will keep you busy during your runs, while the extra quests and companions will keep you coming back for more.(I apologise for my bad english)"
76561198005603053,Recommended,266210,9370867,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Jennifyre,Wow.. This game is super addictive and fun to play. I only paid $2 for it but it seems worth more. I highly reccomend trying this out if you have 2 dollars!
76561198032201507,Recommended,266210,9386223,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,CrashKid,"Really fun game. I like it a lot, it's a good concept, really good for if you need something to do and like side scrollers."
76561197993780180,Recommended,266210,9337329,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,rpgarcher,"this game has a lot going for it.  like FTL in that it's a roguelike with forced forward progress, a little like rogue legacy in that you have some carry-over between deaths.  Actual gameplay is a top-down roguelike.  The UI/controls aren't the bestest, but I'm rather enjoying it"
,Recommended,266210,32659695,Posted: 22 June,all,Iam[haXor],"If you are wondering which one to buy, it's this one. The new one doesn't appear to it justice. It's a fun little game to pass the time. Hopefully your not like me and went left because you were curious and barely got 1meter."
,Recommended,266210,13439900,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,kokonutgirl,"This game is amazing, absolutely love it.Definitely worth the price and the music is amazing <3"
,Recommended,266210,10690449,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AsuraDragon,It's a really good game and for only a few cents definately worth it!
,Recommended,266210,9729153,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,KiwiSalad,"It's quite a fun little rogue like.  If you'd be interested in traveling rapidly across a fantasy map, killing monsters, collecting items, and trying to survive all the while trying to prepare to fight an evil dark lord, definately pick it up.Other reasons to buy include:cute pixel graphics.Simple  and easy to pick up gameplay.random map generation.The abilty to save, or carry a few items over to your next session (if you choose to).unlockable difficulty settings.Unlockable classes and perks.Quick paced gameplay.For 3.50$ it's more then worth it, even at full price."
76561198045345243,Recommended,266210,9735550,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Dingus Lord,"This game, for how small and simple it is, is addictingly fun. The classes are interesting, though I find the Pirate and the Hero a bit overpowered compared to the others. I don't know if they plan to update the game to add any more content, but I'd be willing to pay for DLC of some kind, or a sequel even. 10/10 for the price."
76561198110385312,Recommended,266210,9767333,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,DiosGX,Archer type C is a moe kitty girl.YES. -3-
,Recommended,266210,9780165,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Lyellin/Ajapeu,"Wanted to post a quick review with my (Very) initial impressions. I've thoroughly enjoyed my introduction to this game - took me a bit to get a feel for what was happening, and dealing with being keyboard heavy, but I've loved the challenge of the game. Very good premise, done very well, and has me tense with making decisions. I fully plan on putting a lot more time into it over the next couple weeks when I have time free. I've also do a ""Let's Blindly Try"" video showing my initial pay of this, which  was quite fun. Link below:http://youtu.be/spGh7t7ykGY"
,Recommended,266210,9803735,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,CHiZZoPS,Cheap! Addictive roguelike! High replay value!
,Recommended,266210,9804540,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Rimey,"This roguelike JRPG has elements of which are quite unique when combined together.For example, this is the very first sidescrolling jrpg ive played or seen.The gameplay itself is very basic, while also having refreshing variables to keep the gameplay interesting.The story itself is quite heart-wrenching if you are keen to play through every part of it. (Trying to explain without spoilers!)While the dialogue itself is very comedic, which leaves you to think that the game creators were just having fun with the characters while creating them.Overall i very much enjoyed this game, and i hope to see what else it can do in the future.9.5/10"
,Recommended,266210,9811543,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,cbray2,Extremely addicting.  Very good game for the price. Every playthrough is different and unique which goes about holding attention very well. This is a game that you can play for five minutes or two hours.
,Recommended,266210,9818198,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,CrackMom14,Great game tough as balls.
,Recommended,266210,9541843,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,ZoraZ,"If you love old-school japanese RPG, tile based RPG, rogue-like, survival game.BUY THIS AND SAVE THE WORLD FROM DARK LORD"
76561198043546005,Recommended,266210,9572682,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ecrawford23,"A very Rogue-like game, I just can't stop playing. ok so here's a list of things i like:Classes :check:TurnBase RPG :check:Cool SoundTrack :check:GreatPrice :check:Rewards after multiple deaths :check: I love it"
,Recommended,266210,9575839,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Millertime,Really fun and at a great price. A bit difficult on first play but the push to get a little further each game keeps you coming back.
,Recommended,266210,9587804,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,TehSheen,Probably one of the best games I've ever played in my life. Definitely recommend.
76561198049374190,Recommended,266210,10275432,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,nerdegamer,This game is hard and fun as hell for a 8 bit game. I would totally recommend this to anyone
76561197962139600,Recommended,266210,9350613,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Fred teh n00b,"Excellent ""rogue'like"" game. Challenging, but feels progressive!"
,Recommended,266210,9468937,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Ziddia,"A+ game, well worth the small price. It's got endless replay value thanks to the randomly-generated terrain, and it can be extremely challenging, especially on Afternoon Stroll and higher. There's also an enormous amount of lore contained within the game if you play enough (surprising, considering it's a new game every time you start). All the various classes have different ways to play, and both the skills you learn and the items you find can make or break your playthrough (especially against the Demon Lord; many times have I gone up against him and lost because my weapons were crap). TL;DR 10/10, would buy again"
,Recommended,266210,16477450,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,コード,"It's a Rogue-Like JRPG with a Retro art style.You unlock new classes by either acomplishing certain goals, or by spending points you earn by playing. You can also use these points to unlock new perks for your character, or to upgrade your storage. This storage can be used to save items from previous adventures, and use them in new adventures.It's a great game which I hapily recommend to others who like any of these genres :D"
76561198086407577,Recommended,266210,22280790,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SMEABoostdownMMR,"Retro gaming at its finest, screw the classical plot of a hero trying to save the world (with a minor twist if you do something on your run), the gameplay is a blast! you can play a lot in the easiest difficulty, but in harder difficulty EVERY step mattersits like i'm playing a lv 130 Bard with +9 Plate Mail full of legendary suffixes to it (+10eva +5armor) and  I was walking at night suddenly an Ultimate (highest class monster) Dragon came and burn my♥♥♥♥♥to crisp in 1 blow, the catch if i walk more carefully i can see the dragon and use any strategy in the book to 1 hit it rather get my♥♥♥♥♥handed down10/10 must have for retro gaming lovers with a dungeon crawler in field genre!"
,Recommended,266210,11345115,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Vita ζ,"Quite honestly one of the best roguelike RPG's i've played.There's a character creation system with a variety of classes, perks and appearances. Most need to be unlocked but there's quite a lot to get.The movement and battles are turn-based and the unique flavor to this particular game is a encroaching wall of darkness from the left that closes in each time you do something.(Move, attack, etc) This means you have to keep a eye on the darkness and consider wether to go on or maybe try to clear that one dungeon or pick up that one item in time.This creates a sense of pressure that makes for a fun atmosphere.There is a online aspect to the game in the form of death/milestone messages from other players in the same world that show up in the upper left of the screen.The worlds are randomly generated but there are specific types that have special quests or certain restrictions. There is also the ability to share world ID's with others so they can play the same world.For a fairly cheap price this is a great game to pick up."
76561198063795850,Recommended,266210,10733028,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sinful_sorrow,"I had about a dollar and fifteen cents on my steam wallet and thought that I was only going to be able to get a garbage game when the steam sale came. I was so wrong this game is rather confusing at first, but once you get the hang of it, it's rather interesting. I have almost unlocked all the classes except for the hero class and have barely touched the perks. I know there are people you can get to follow you which I haven't encountered yet not for lack of looking that is. It is a great game and I would say it's worth the price."
,Recommended,266210,21633863,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,M O R G R O M The aesthetic,"I've never posted a review of this game until now only because it's hard to find words to sum up how great it is without dragging the review on and on.Here's what you need to know.One Way Heroics is a relatively simple take on a lot of RPG elements woven into a roguelike fantasy. The system for gear statistics is pretty straightforward, as is the story-telling, as is leveling up. There are no skill trees or any choice of what stat you level up, but I promise you it won't matter.That being said, the simplicity is nice. It allows you to play the game casually without taking away that constant strive some players have for better gear or ""the perfect run"".The combat is also quite simple. You have a basic attack you will use most of the time, as well as a few abilities learned from leveling or NPC's. It's quick, with you likely not spending more than 5 seconds on most enemies besides bosses. It keeps the game moving, which is nice because in a roguelike its important not to drag things out. This also allows you to keep the game short if that's what you want. Personally my average session is maybe 2 hours long, but if you insist on going as far as 2000km (which isn't neccessary to win), it's a bit closer to 4 or 5 hours. Optional saves make those long games far less daunting.As I said, this game can work for casual players, but it does not leave the more dedicated players with nothing to do. 170 hours as I'm writing this review and there is still more to do. The game has a few interesting objectives woven into it to DRASTICALLY increase replay value, such as daily campaigns that change up the rules of the procedurally generated worlds you play in, multiple bosses to defeat, 4-5 different difficulties and 4 different ways to ""win"" a playthrough. Also it has one particular aspect I love to see in roguelikes; you can transfer a limited amount of gear from one playthrough to another. This helps you to continue your quest for the absolute best gear by allowing you to keep enchanting gear instead of losing everything at the end of a playthrough. But it's not at all essential for beating the game if that's too easy for you ;)As for the ""One Way Heroics Plus"" expansion (without going into detail), it's not neccessary for enjoying the game. It's the icing on top of the cake, and the odds are you will want it at some point or another, so I suggest buying it right off the bat to really enhance the game.Whether you are looking for a game to waste a few hours on, or one to get really sucked into, you just can't go wrong with One Way Heroics."
,Recommended,266210,12308911,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Papa Chaos,For 3 euro you get a handful of love <3This game is addicting and if you like old jrpg games/zelda I can near promise you that you will love this one.50 out of 5 pink bananas!
,Recommended,266210,10399371,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Princerunner,"The best roguelike on SteamBold statement, but it truly is. The game forces you to constantly advance and that really gives the game a very good pacing; the interface isn't clunky which often is the case with more traditional roguelikes, but the game doesn't dumb down anything either.The game got an amazing attention to details, and lots of effort has clearly been put into things that most will never notice, but that really makes the game worth replaying over and over against, because you always find new things every time. Clearing the game first looks very simplistic, but once you defeat the demon lord you'll realize that there's far more to the game than you thought.The graphics aren't impressive, but they work well for the game, and the artwork can be quite charming at times."
,Recommended,266210,10720917,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MasterIckolas,"Best 87 cents I've ever spent!In a few ways, reminds me of RPG Maker meets Half Minute Hero, in a crazy awesome way. Its fun to be able to attempt the same maps again, armed with the knowledge of your last, most likely UN Sucessful run, and try again, with new perks, class and load out if you could afford it.Gets a 9/10 from me."
,Recommended,266210,10721949,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ozymandias,"If you didn't get this game during the steam sale, you missed out. This game is simple on the surface, simply advance right and fight enemies, but the variety of classes, randomization of worlds, and campaign challenges offer a depth that will keep you playing. The music is also extremely well-done, it contributes to the atmosphere without distracting."
,Recommended,266210,11011631,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,raziel183,One Way Heroics is a unique game. While at first it seems a little grindy and nearly as death embracing as Dark Souls underneath this veneer the game sparkles. It has some great classic (cliche if you will) story segments that are randomly generated each time you restart and also it has a slight dry humor to some dialogue whichis quite refreshing. The music is beautiful and suits the game and does not become annoying. Perhaps the most astounding thing is that the creator found that other game creators couldn't meet his system needs so he built his own! (WolfRPG) which is quite a feat. Though it would be hard to integrate some multiplayer DLC or sequel would be a great addition to this title. I highly recommend this since it comes at such a low price!
,Recommended,266210,21980865,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,W0nk0,"Being on sale this week for under a Dollar, I can't not recommend this to anyone who is looking for a light, but challenging look at the roguelike genre.This game has surprised me many time with how it creates an equally challenging and fun experience while at the same time throwing many of the cumberrsome features of the genre overboard. The imperative of moving forward constantly creates an engaging pressure and forces you to make some interesting choices. The ability to leave some of your plunder to use for your next attempt is also fun without making it too easy.If the graphics don't turn you off, you'd be a fool not to buy this on sale."
76561198040904362,Recommended,266210,10648079,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,(◣﹏◢)₭alloween☠KIRA,"This is much better then i expected.. But the learning curve is a bit on the steep side. Best advice i can give right now (still so nubbish @ this game) Get a vault and put all ur items in it if you can when your about to die. Super fun even though when you die you lose that char and have to start over. (Again your items can stay if you put them in a vault, This seems to be the key) You can go to a world thats sole purpose is to get money and items.. Stack those items and store them when you die. Will give your other games an easier start. It seems very in depth as far as different classes and items. With the darkness closeing in on you. It makes you have to think about every move and action.. Well worth the price I paid, very excellent game for under a buck. I look forward to many hours of playSide note: The soundtrack is very peaceful.. Reminds me of the old days with old skoo RPG's awww the good ol days"
,Recommended,266210,12215163,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Frosteey,"I played this entirely as an actual roguelike (never used the vault to transfer items to new games), up through not-quite-hardest difficulty with the majority of classes and it was pretty enjoyable.Playthroughs are pretty brisk and there are plenty of quirks  to the way the game works and the way different classes act that, while it's not a game I'll continually return to and play regularly like some roguelikes called Crawl Stone Soup, it created a pretty good experience where I wanted to see/do most things once and enjoyed the trip.The persistent progress in unlocking perks was pretty nice (it's more of an ""unlock more potential options"" system than something like Rogue Legacy's ""become ever more increasingly powerful"" approach, which I personally prefer) but dried up fairly quickly. More perks : (  I have all these useless points please : ("
,Recommended,266210,9350169,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,ZOMBEET,"Game is a great side scrolling rpg....had great replay value! With random generated maps, I've had hours of fun. Kinda Addictive."
,Recommended,266210,9352813,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Lost Generation,"I bought this on a whim due to the low price. Have to say it's worth far more. I've already spent more time on this game then Dungeons of Dredmor, and can imagine playing it even more.Unlike most roguelikes, it's fast paced and easy to get into, but becomes complex once you know the basics. I beat easy difficulty on only my second playthrough, which took around 30 minutes. Normal difficulty adds recruitable party members, new items, and removes the fixed end point in easy mode. My longest run lasted 3 hours. I have yet to beat hardThere are very un-roguelike save points and 'Dimensional Vault' to carry over items from old characters. Your end game rewards are reduced for using them though. If you are good enough at roguelikes to do without them, it's worth trying as there is a lot of stuff to unlock."
,Recommended,266210,9354080,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Lonerwurld,"So for those who don't know what this game is, let me first explain what my impression (and the tldr) of the game is:One Way Heroicsis a new twist on (somewhat) rogue-like RPG's, bearing similarities to Shiren the Wanderer (the non-Atlus-screwed-up one) but with an urgency placed on time and what you do with it.Understandably, some people wouldn't call it a roguelike because of the save/load feature or the dimensional vault, but since you do not accumulate hero points after resuming a loaded game (after death), my interpretation has been that saving/loading is only a feature for those who are in it for the story content.  A good compromise imo.What I likedA creative take on this style of game.  I haven't seen anything like it -- the closest comparison would be Shiren the Wanderer.An objective (the demon lord) that plagues you from the start, but not impossible to vanquish once you have progressed enough.Party members that serve a purpose, but also have depth.  Like everything else in the game, they are not permanent.The music is fantastic.What I didn't like that others might likeI'm not a fan of visual novels (?), so the abundance of text serving as the beginning and end of your adventure is not something that is fulfilling for me.  It's very well written, imo, so I imagine JRPG / Story-reading fans will like this.No cursed items.  Unidentified items you can wear, but none of them cursed. :\  The only undiscovered attribute on an item that poses any uncertainty is the durability.The price is so low, it feels like I robbed some poor hard-working developer that just loves making games like this.  Playism's site says something about letting you pay what you want (donation-based I guess?), so hopefully some people have been more charitable towards this game.What I don't likeThere is no way to isolate the leaderboards to personal social groups - as a result, it's all meaningless information, sadly. :\  It would be great if I could see where I rate among my friends list.There's no underground -- Yah, it's a pretty big game already, sure.  But fantasy games need dungeons.  An intricate right-way-progressing dungeon would've made the screen edge much more intimidating.Those are my impressions of this game. :)"
76561198039241240,Recommended,266210,9355525,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,fallout330,"From the looks of the old style 16 bit graphcs, many might be suprised that this one eaisly becomes engaging and addicting.  The stroy line and game mechanics is what seems to draw one in.  The Music also adds to the quality of game play.I have yet to finish with the Knight class, which is a good first choice, and I can already see myself replaying the game to experience each additional class choice.  It does bring back memories of playing some of the classic rpg's on the old C64 back in the 80's, such as Ultima, Questron, Demon's Winter, Shard of Spring, Pool of Radiance and of course the classic, Hack/NetHackA great choice for the price."
76561197973027454,Recommended,266210,9357036,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Hampig,"Deceptively addicting. There's a lot more here than you can see before spending some time with it. I was worried I wouldn't get much time from this game, but now after just one hour I wouldn't be surprised if I end up spending upwards of 20 hours on it."
,Recommended,266210,9314332,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,TheOnlyRail,quite the fun little game definetly worth the money.Very addictive and fun.
,Recommended,266210,9315144,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Immerse,"The price you pay for this game is DEFINITELY worth it. This game gives you the ability to play a different game each time with its world generation system, its variety of classes & the ability to play online with other players. This game was more fun than most other Rouge-likes that cost 10-20 dollars."
,Recommended,266210,9317475,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Nevurmore,"****ing addictive. Go in expecting 8-bit madness filled with surprises around every corner. A single world yields different results every playthrough; you don't have time to explore every inch of the world, and there are chests, towns, and dungeons everywhere. If you enjoy Rogue-likes and 8-bit adventure RPGs, you'll enjoy OWH."
76561197970334100,Recommended,266210,9318567,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,SADEyX,Great game to play at work!
76561198002967388,Recommended,266210,9319244,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Shadowfaded,"Fast paced, Frantic and pretty good."
76561197970412574,Recommended,266210,9320464,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,MadFnorder,"Lighthearted and fast-paced- not exactly shallow, but not exactly an epic tactical challenge. Would prefer a bit more ability to scope out enemy properties and such but maybe I just haven't found that button. Enjoyable!EDIT: Well, I 100%'d this game, making it one of the only ones I've ever done that. I like the suprising dollops of plot in the partner conversations and endings, and the core game is a good time! Wish that this game was mod-able, actually! I'd love to add a few things!"
76561197992777999,Recommended,266210,9321322,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Senel,"Delightfull pokemon mystery dungeon-esque roguelike adventure, i got hooked in no time at all."
,Recommended,266210,9321731,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,BETTY,I love it. It's got that roguelike feel with a great interface. Do wish there were skill shortcuts!
,Recommended,266210,9321904,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,lblitzer,"A RPG roguelike that is very simple on top but is pretty deep in terms of NUMBERS. Stats, weapons, armor, skills, spells, special abilities, and even time-management. There's a lot to keep track of on your journey and it may seem overwhelming at first, you aren't penelized for losing but rather get points to sink into a new character, perks, or character to character storage. The graphics are akin to the old SNES days and fit for this title, as does the music. The only downside is that higher resolutions or fullscreen mode is hard on the eyes after a while. Gameplay can be quick and chaotic or you can take your time and strategize your next move.Even at it's non-sale price I would still recommend this. Hell even if it was over $10 I still would. It's a lot of fun if you enjoyed old SNES RPGs."
76561198062242874,Recommended,266210,9321979,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Metroid,"This game feels like a massive RPG, but layed out in an easy way with it's own nice gimmick, buy it for it's small price... please?"
,Recommended,266210,9322121,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,tbow955,"Great game for a cheap price, only problem is the frequent crashes"
76561198031153628,Recommended,266210,9323127,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Adol,"This game is great! It provides a ton of challenge and replayability!I'm 5 hours in since starting it and even when I have to start over im not mad, I just can't wait to play again.There are some interesting ways to play, but I reccomend the swordmaster."
,Recommended,266210,9323210,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,redp,"Probably one of the better roguelikes. Does not have an overly punishing death system and is well designed, executed, and interesting. Cute and fun graphics, easy to engage with, and fun."
,Recommended,266210,9324010,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,General Spareribs,I liked it.
,Recommended,266210,9324730,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,RASCHOON,"This is a really fun game with some interesting game mechanics. Lots of loot to find and secrets to unlock, each playthrough is more fun than the last because you have a little more power. This game is a steal at anything under $5."
,Recommended,266210,9336723,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Flying Shisno,"One Way Heroics is a mix between a JRPG and a Roguelike. I saw all the positive comments on how fun this game is, but looking at the screenshots and gameplay videos left me a little bit in doubt, despite the fact I'm a huge fan of roguelikes. It ended up being way more fun than I thought it would be, and a steal at $3.50. There's a good amount of depth in this game, and a good amount to unlock.The world is randomly generated each time, and so is the items, just as you'd expect from a roguelike. You can also store items when you die so another character can use them in the future, though you get a better score if you don't use this feature.You'll constantly need to balance exploration and progression, since the darkness on the left side of the screen is constantly advancing and will kill you if you touch it. Do you go into that dungeon and look for items that will help with the final boss? But what if you don't have enough time to do so? Or what if the enemies are stronger than you think and they kill you?There's 2 difficulty modes to suit your preferred level of challenge, and all woulds generated give you a seed, which when a friend enters it, they'll get the same world as you, so you can challenge friends to beat your score!"
76561198030645964,Recommended,266210,9337104,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,BrainTurd,"This game is amazing, this game could be priced at 15 dollars and it would be amazing. This game has an incredibly touching story and nearly infinite, if not infinite, gameplay. You need to get this game if you can stand a turn based RPG. It is very Japaneese style and feels really nice to play. The controls are easy to learn and nice to use. The leveling and saving systems are relatively unique. The art and music are also very nice and appealing."
76561198062993967,Recommended,266210,9338398,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,WizzardofIzz,"Help, I can't put this game down...In case you couldn't tell from the video, the big gimmick of One Way Heroics is that the left side of the map is slowly disappearing, and will eventually kill you if you're not careful.  The game has 8 classes, and each one is unique in a very refreshing way, ranging from the toe-to-toe fighting style of the Hero to the purely utilitarian Adventurer.  In addition, there are four difficulty levels with another major difficulty setting that makes minor changes to the gameplay.  With a total procedurally generated possibility of just over 250 trillion unique ""dimensions,"" this game is very replayable.  And, as in any good rogue-like, you will die in very stupid ways and want to throw your computer every once in a while.My one big issue with this game is that every once in a while it crashes.  And then it crashes again.  And then it crashes again.  And before you know it, you're losing games more often to crashes than to deaths.  This is supposedly due to a server issue (likely from the massive Steam influx) in the process of being fixed.Crashes aside, this game is well worth what it's being sold for.  More, even.  I definitely recommend it to anyone with a little bit of loose change lying around."
76561198081708199,Recommended,266210,9338489,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Mr. Skirby Flexington,"This game, I love this game. Only playing for for a few minutes will give you full knowledge on how play the game with an exception of a few small items. It has amazing replay value with every run being able to bring back more items with you as you go. Though they still keep it even with easy durability systems as to keep everything in par.One hundred percent buy this game if you want a good, casual game to play whenever."
76561198007619376,Recommended,266210,9348335,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Sir_Day,"Simple, fun, and challenging."
,Recommended,266210,18788776,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,re,"possibly one of the best purchases i've done on steam. Best soundtrack, the every step matters mechanics is amazing and adds an uniqueness to this game 10/10."
,Recommended,266210,10598043,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Garro,"Very enjoyable! The game is quite simple, and fast paced. It's fun how to see your character grow while you travel to defeat the final boss. The game doesn't teach you much how to play but the game is very intuitive. At the end of each play you are awarded Hero points that depends on your performance in the game (lower levels, monster killed, dungeon explored increase your points) and those are used to purchase perks and classes, which gives you a reason to challenge yourself while playing.The only thing that could be improved is to put more interesting things in the world, like caves, oasis or some stuff, and to replace the RPG maker graphics."
76561198017436910,Recommended,266210,12627764,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Chilltronic,"Awesome!  Unique twist on the typical roguelike; the world is disappearing from the left edge of the screen!  Plenty of unlockables and persistent progression, the price is right.  If I could change one thing about this game, I would offer a zoom option as the sprites are TIIINY, but it really never detracts from the excellent and fun gameplay.  Definitely worth a buy!"
76561198015023074,Recommended,266210,10612927,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tanuki Monster,"This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ I have only played it for 3 straight hours, but I'm totally addicted!!"
,Recommended,266210,10697212,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,knightengale,"This game is decievingly good!  If you're a fan of the roguelike genre you've probably seen a lot worse in terms of presentation.  But it'd be a real shame if you passed this up because of generic looking graphics.  This game is hugely underselling itself at its price point.The game features very modular gameplay, easy to pick up in small intervals.  But the depth is real.  Be prepared to get in all kinds of difficult situations and play them differently based on your class.The real strong suit of the game however, is it's gimmick.  The encroaching darkness seems simple enough, but wait till you try to get a treasure chest underwater, and then swim out in time.  It requires you to think ahead in a way other than ""how do I get this baddie out of my face""  which is refreshing in a roguelike.If you're still reading this review, go ahead and pick it up.  This will cost you less than a fastfood combo even at full price.  Seriously, you can't go wrong here."
,Recommended,266210,9308706,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ghost_Tendency,"Really great game!  Simple yet deep, fun and addictive.  It can be as fast paced or as slow as you want it to be.  Take your time and plan each step carefully, or charge head-first into battle.  Endlessly replayable and hard to put down.  I'd pay upwards of $20 dollars for this game, it's a steal at this price.  Any fans of old-school RPG goodness should check this one out."
76561198086363190,Recommended,266210,13778845,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Schwarltz,This game take design like old school type but in reality it is really addicting to play!!
76561198008631906,Recommended,266210,11024165,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mr. Bojangles,"This game has brought me back to a genre of cutthroat, 'save/load', challenges that I truly miss in most of my modern day RPG's. Difficulty has become such a turn-style feature that when you choose to baby yourself, you limit your enjoyment and the unique experience each games environment can provide. This game provides one of the best examples of 'bang-for-your-buck' by all the challenges you can face and all of the strategies you can employ through a side-scrolling adventure/RPG.Be prepared to die, sometimes ridiculously.Be creative with exploration, the game rewards you by traversing the generated world; but with that said the more curious you become, the more difficult the challenges you may face.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,266210,9540594,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,iKnight,Really good game for killing some time! :D
,Recommended,266210,21929890,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Lt. Labcoat,"Man, this is REALLY nice twist on RPGs!Basically, it's a roguelike. As in, in the traditional ""a game like Rogue"" sense, but without mazes or ASCII graphics. However, there's a harsh turn limit, so you have to keep going generally forward and you can't stop and grind. So it's a lot more about efficiency than about the usual take-your-time stuff RPGs have.Also, it's really cheap, and really fun in general. So yeah. Get it!"
,Recommended,266210,9313516,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Fist,Deceptively awful looking. Despite the graphics looking like a bad RPG maker game the game itself is a completely solid roguelike with a couple of original mechanics and gameplay as tight as any decent entry in the genre. Online functions allow you to see other people actively playing on the seed you are as well as interact with their ghosts should they die.
,Recommended,266210,10963559,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tofu,"An incredible game for its price. Developed by a one man team, the game is very simple: Walk right, train your character, defeat the demon lord, and save the world. You have to avoid the forever approaching darkness so you'll have to plan each and every move you take. Simple, right?Except that the world of One Way Heroics contains much more. Endless adventures in endless worlds and the hilariously ridiculous interactions with the characters present in the game makes it much more enjoyable. However, as you start to encounter more of these characters and start to learn more about this world you'll be trying to save endless times, things are not as simple as they may seem. What exactly is the darkness? Is the demon lord really the source of all the disasters happening to this world? And why is Panty named Panty?This game is definitely worth playing if you are a fan of RPGs and are looking for a game under $5. Also, to spice things up, sometimes the characters you meet may be a little ""different"" than they usually would.cough Perverted Queen Frieda cough"
,Recommended,266210,12689864,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Caermote,"Great little Rogue RPG game. I enjoy the one way, pushing you forward and making it more difficult at times than many RPG's where you can easily rank against low level enemies etc. Reasonable range of weapons and enemies, nice music, and the world generation makes the gameplay much less tedious than it would be without. Alot of great features. Sometimes you can come across a Golem or ambush at a low level and get wrecked by it, and a little more customisation wouldn't go amiss, but for £2.29 who can complain! Well worth the money and well worth a try!  8/10 for a low price Rogue style game."
76561198064364961,Recommended,266210,11249865,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Azazel,"Forced-Sidescroller meets RPG in a game where the world can be generated a hundred different ways.Good notes: High customization options, good feedback system to help you out, unlockable content makes each run feel like a step forward, replay data is semi-entertaing to watch, and a system with depth to items/combat.Neutral notes: Well executed 8 bit stlying, faux-multiplayer in which you interact with the dead and recieve semi-selective notes from other players (only available in that day's multiverse world).Bad notes:  Even on full screen the text may still seem a bit small and some world combinations (I've only found 2 and have entered no less than 25 worlds) are less than enjoyable due to constant mountains or being nearly devoid of interactable content(villages/dungeons/chests)With all of that said, I give this a full recomendation if you enjoy a rogue-like."
,Recommended,266210,10807085,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ˇ°ˇ,"On my first round I tried to talk to the people in the house you spawn in and my screen kept moving. At first I thought it was a bug I was like uh okay I'll just restart my game later, but nope it kept moving. As I saw my character die while walking towards it I was regretting my purchase. I watched the replay of my death and it was the lamest thing I've ever seen.I restarted and the screen was moving again. Suddenly, I realized that this is ONE way heroics which means you either stick to the right or you die. The game just got a whole lot more interesting and I've been enjoying it a lot. A lot of surprises and you can unlock more perks/characters. Best 87 cents you can spend."
,Recommended,266210,17675839,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,PhantomCat,"This games is so good, the intro music is just enough for me, i can listen to it all day it's so calming (i'm even listening to it right now) if you enjoy the game make sure to get the DLC aswell :) got the game on sale for only 87 c lol also getting the dlc soon :P8/10"
76561198085343836,Recommended,266210,20355227,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,KWIN,"A really good mini game. Didnt expected that.Pros:Cute and somewhat sad story when you die (didnt reach the end yet)Fun gameplay for once in a while when you have nothing to do :DConsIts says multiplayer game but even though i can see the players name on the screen, i cant see them on my way !Fast deathsFrustrating if you are a noob like me x,d"
,Recommended,266210,23085786,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Kiv,"Getting brutally beaten to death while climbing some mountains is my jam! No, seriously, I'm all for permadeath but I lost many promising runs in a fashion similar to that.Woes of stupidity aside, this game is great, and much more deep than the interface and graphics might suggest. The mechanics take a while to get right and it's harsh to new players, but it's a far cry from the most complex of roguelikes. And, once you have the basics down, you have a high chance of beating the Big Bad with something like the Swordmaster. Personally, I still can't get a hang on the more fragile classes, and just cheese it with a shield-wielding Hero.Anyways. If you are a fan of roguelikes, unorthodox design choices, deep, lighthearted but at times sad plots, and, of course, the buffload of content RPGs usually come with, then One Way Heroics is for you.Edit: grammar."
,Recommended,266210,11570127,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,KZMK.Magikarl,"First off, you start off as a hero and you're trying to defeat the demon lord in order to stop the darkness that is following you and eating up the world. It's a very generic premise, but the thing is: There is no turning back. If you miss a shop keeper, you have to restart the world, or keep on going. You're hungry? You just missed the last piece of food for a while? Well too bad. This game has tons of replayability in it, and really is just one way. The levels are randomly generated and there are daily quests every day. Of course you don't get anything out of the daily quests, but they're still fun to adventure through when you really have nothing much to do.Each run can last more than 45 minutes if you're lucky, but they can also last less than 5 minutes. This game has tons of decision making and luck based things, but it feels perfectly balanced to me. There's a pixie in your inventory to help you with tips so that might help as well. Anyways, the game is well worth the purchase."
76561198023812488,Recommended,266210,9328519,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Cronox,"This game is very innovative, and whilst playing I can't help but bring to mind Half Minute Hero as well. If you've played that and enjoyed it, you'll love this. This game is very fast paced, and if somehow you manage to plow your way through it immediately (good luck) you will have only spent 30 minutes on it. However, the game's replay-ability is it's biggest feature. Each victory ends with more loot, more rewards, more knowledge, and more challenging modes to continue playing with. The game is endless hours of fun, and I must say it is well worth the small amount of money it costs. ($3.00 For anything that lasts for hours and hours is a good deal, regardless of what your interests are.)"
76561198061454197,Recommended,266210,20729453,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DerBrenner1704,"It has some bugs, and it may be a little hard to get into at first, but once you understand the concept, it is really fun!The price is unbelievable, especially on sale. I'm not usually the kind of person who looks in their recommendations and randomly buys a game, but this is my genre, and less than one euro? Bought.The gameplay itself kinda reminds me of Pokemon Mystery Dungeon, but with a lot more RPG elements and... well... Darkness. Apart from that, it also has other unique elements like the dimensional vault or some of the abilities.I'm pretty sure I have never seen an ability before which makes my stats OP in exchange for my clothing. Artstyle is awesome too.And if you complain about missing content: Look at the price again. Or buy the DLC, like I did, which also makes the game easier too play with improved controls.I love it."
76561198037279262,Recommended,266210,9355993,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Laharlsama,Quite a fantastic game and modestly priced. I've hardly even scratched the surface but this definitely seems like a game i would play over and over again. You start off with two weak classes but as you play you can unlock more and more.I have no clue how much more content there is but i can't wait to unlock everything.5/5
76561198049485211,Recommended,266210,11130119,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Advent Azure,"If you are looking for a game that'll test your limits the way old rogue likes work, similar to the games Splunky, or Azure Dreams. This one will be a nice throw back with what it has to offer. Don't let the seemingly simple and small looking content fool you, more often then not, you'll find yourself in a refreshingly new problem with each playthrough, and the game supports a special system that gives special events to occur within each of the worlds should you choose them."
76561198067219985,Recommended,266210,10892135,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,pepsicola_42,Immensely fun game with much replay-ability. Surprising amount of depth for such a simple game. Recommend buying it even at full price!!!
,Recommended,266210,10641065,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Terminally Nerdy | CBSA82,"This is honestly one of the most fun roguelikes I have played recently.  While the actual screen is tiny as hell (and it loses some pretty when made bigger) the actual game play is addicting.  Its always ""one more run!"".  The little quips the king makes when you spawn, the enemies, and the random nature of the game makes it fun.  And its super cheap!  Give it a try!"
,Recommended,266210,10582670,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,tetsume,"Fantastic game! Simple, addicting, and well worth the purchase! And with it being on sale right now it's a steal at the price. Has progress methods like rogue legacy, and that simple snes feel to it. Great way to kill some time :)"
76561198067247704,Recommended,266210,17726835,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Grabblez,"Very fun indie rogue-lite JRPG. I think it's one of the more overlooked games on Steam which is a shame because it really is good, especially for its price. Basically the game is about you playing the role of the hero, and you have to venture through the land to kill the Demon Lord. You pick your name, class, perks, and start your adventure in a castle full of helpful knights that can give you advice, and also a fairy partner that you bring with you on your adventure to give you advice throughout the game. It won't be easy due to all the wild animals, bandits, monsters, and even the environments, and it's all randomly generated to boot. To top it all off, you absolutely cannot let the black darkness on the left of the screen reach you. Throughout the game the darkness will slowly creep up to you and try to engulf you. Although you move much faster than the darkness itself, doing things like moving through mountains and water, or exploring towns and dungeons for too long will eventually cause the darkness to reach you. The game has a lot of tactics involved as in you have to try and make the most out of the various dungeons you come across, or else you will either get almost nothing out of them or end up dying due to the darkness. Time doesn't move when you're standing still doing nothing, so you can plan out everything. You also have to be very wary of the enemies the game throws at you. If you're not careful and don't take control of the battle, you'll end up finding yourself in a lot of trouble as they are quite strong. Look for various Weapons and Armors you can find because they will most likely be upgrades to your starting equipment. Eventually at 400km the Demon Lord will confront you for a final battle, he has barriers and a lot of HP. Throw everything you can at him, and eventually reinforcements will come to help you. Once you defeat him, you will see the credits, and beat the game...well sort of. See after the end of every run, whether it be due to death or completion, the game will score you on how well you did and you will receive Hero Points. You can use these Hero Points to expand your dimensional vault (A vault where you can store your treasures to use in other runs), unlock new perks and classes etc. This gives the game a ton of replay value as you have to complete the game multiple times to unlock everything. There are some problems I do have with the game, unfortunately. For starters it's quite clunky where you have to manually aim your attacks at enemies and you have to look in the menu to select an ability/item, and your movement speed is quite slow. Fortunately I hear the Plus version which I haven't played yet fixes all of those issues and and adds more content as well. I give the game an 8/10."
76561197996717762,Recommended,266210,9868414,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Suraht,"You are a hero.  There's a darkness steadily advancing from the left.  If you get caught in it, it kills you, so you'll be steadily advancing to the right.  There's a demon lord that'll show up at some point to try to kill you.  It's your job to kill him first.  That's pretty much the story.This is essentially a turn based RPG.  Every step you take, action you make, etc. is matched by both the encroaching darkness and all other creatures/NPCs in the game.  As you progress right, you'll run into friendly NPCs that can sell/buy/give items, enemies that want to end your quest, random items strewn across the landscape...pretty much everything you'd expect from an RPG.The worlds you'll play on are randomly generated, so you have the option of a new map each time you play, although you also have the option of playing a world you or someone else has already played by inputting a code.  So, if you find a world you like, you can keep returning to it, or you can keep exploring new layouts...although if you return to a dimension already visited, there will still be some things that change, as shops will have different stocks and random item drops will be different.You start out with two classes available(and a male and female skin for each one), and as you either perform tasks during your attempts(killing an enemy with a bow, for example, unlocks the Hunter class) or spend the points you accumulate at the end of each run, you will unlock more classes and various boosts for your characters, known as perks.There's something about this game that keeps managing to pull me back in, even after it humiliates me.  This game is not much in the way of being forgiving.  Your character is pretty weak to start out each run, and there's always a good chance that a fairly strong monster will be hanging around a few meters from the start to make you notice just how weak you are, and there are always chances you'll take the wrong path through some terrain and get pinned behind a wall of mountains that you won't be able to cross before the darkness catches you.  But, even with that, there's always a chance the next run will drop off an awesome weapon early on, or the planets will align perfectly and you'll take a golden path through the land and take down the Demon Lord with ease...only to never be able to recreate that run again.So yes.  I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,266210,13203586,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Caveisier,"Nice game! The gameplay is kinda unique for me, you must keep walking to the right side before the darkness chase you(I feel sorry to the town peoples, they're screaming and die ;_;) while looting and fighting, so you must use your turn wisely because this game is turn-based. There's also a lot of things to unlock after you beat the gameplay like perk, class etc. And another thing that I really love is the music."
76561198073730514,Recommended,266210,12108060,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,baughandrew,"This game is amazing. It has a combat system similar to what you would find on one of the Pokemon Dungeon games, which is one of my favorites.You don't have a whole lot of classes to choose from, but you wouldn't expect to at the price. You still have enough to keep you busy for hours on end.Each run scores you based off your treasure looted compared to treasure possible to loot, monsters killed without being hit, distance traveled, and your overall level. There are some other minor point contributors, but with those four main ones, it means getting to a high score means you have to be focused and make good use of everything you see.I would recomend this game to anyone who has free time, because it will eat up a whole lot of yours."
76561198104069162,Recommended,266210,16715388,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Alls3,took me a bit to understand but once I did it was one of the best games I own
76561197968070055,Recommended,266210,9598937,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Nick,"Fun game. It's like a RPG combined with a roguelike. It made me think of a mystery dungeon game I used to love called Shiren The Wanderer.The music is great. The online component is pretty interesting aswell. It reminds me a bit of Dark Souls. There is no direct multiplayer component but there are ghosts and you can leave messages and such.The thing I like less, is not being able to save when you want to. You need to find a certain NPC or have a certain event occur to be able to. It's a gameplay mechanic and games probably don't take super long so I can understand it but eh, I'd like to turn off the game and return from where I left off.EDIT: After playing some more, you're also able to buy consumable items that allow you to save at any point. Good enough for me."
,Recommended,266210,25658395,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,how?,"Don't mind the 4hrs played, this is like my third account that I have the game on.Now shut the ♥♥♥♥ up, this is my review.Have you ever played a game so good that you always wanted to come back to it and play it again, even after years, and it's just as good as you remembered?Maybe, back in the day with games like Zelda and Mario64, or whatever you played. Whatever, it's not important.This game, One Way Heroics, is exactly that. I play it on and off, and every time I play it, it's just as good as the last. It's fun, it's lighthearted, it's frustrating, and it's a game that's worth every penny that I paid for. Hell, I've paid for it multiple times, like I said, this is my third account with the game. Not to mention every time I've bought it for my friends. It generates the world as you go along, so even though there are similarities, no two playthroughs are the same, unless you play on the same seed as your friend, or you retry a seed.It's challenging. I had to grind up a lot of gear to be able to beat the boss, it took me a while to be able to do that, but in the end it was satisfying. Then, when I finished that, I went ahead and beat the boss on the harder difficulties. Then when I finished that, I played the second campaign.WAIT, YOU SAID THERE'S A SECOND CAMPAIGN???Damn right I did. It's in the DLC.WTF DLC THIS IS 2016 I DONT WANT MICROTRANSACTIONS!!1!I will break your ♥♥♥♥ing jaw if you open your mouth again.The DLC is 7.79CDN and that's more expensive than the base game. You know why? Because the DLC has more content than the base game, imo. It has a new class, you can customize your castle, there is the new campaing, new biomes and dungeons, etc. It's just incredible how much content there is in it, and it's safe to say that the DLC kept me even more busy, figuring out everything.But that's not all, at least like four times a ear, the game goes on sale, along with the DLC for like 75-80% off. At a dollar, you really can't go wrong.Honestly, this game is the game you're looking for. It has your oldschool JRPG graphics, a unique take on the sidescroller, amazing soundtrack, a kinda generic and dull story, but it gets made up by the sheer amount of gameplay in this game.So shut up and buy the game already. Or wait til it goes on sale, you poor ♥♥♥♥."
76561198030619865,Recommended,266210,13954548,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Overdr1ve777,"It's not often I find myself looking at a movie just beginning on Netflix(Get Shorty) in one minute and then before I can even say ""Look at me"" the film's done and I'm still being chased by that pompous♥♥♥♥♥flying Demon Lord. He shall be mine, he doesn't know it yet because he's killed me too many times but I will climb that pile of corpses of my past failures and claim his life! Really though, this game is quite a bit of fun for the light gamer and just as easily a time-consumer for the numbers obsessed(which most of us RPG fans really are deep at heart, and we have the achievements to prove it). Great price for an amazing game and you'd be foolish not to get it."
76561198041315357,Recommended,266210,9307509,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,MadMatt,"Loads of fun, and the random worlds let me keep playing. not the greatest game iver ever played, but exellent considering the price. 8/10"
76561198093562881,Recommended,266210,10728244,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,boy next door,"Buy this sheit,just for 0,74eu right now!"
76561198048590833,Recommended,266210,14813460,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kiro,"This is the sort of game that feels really well realized.The gimmick of One Way Heroics is the constant movement of the screen to the right. This may seem like a simple mechanic, or maybe something that would limit the fun you could have, but it's honestly what makes this game so addicting.You have to plan ahead. If you blindly rush into any dungeon you see you'll likely find yourself stuck behind a wall, frantically trying to break it down as the darkness creeps up from behind. You have to consider whether you can clear it before the darkness catches up, whether you have the HP and gear required to take on the monsters inside, and whether to advance into a room or wait and let the mobs come at you one by one.It encourages you to pack all those items that you'd discard without a second thought in other games. Scroll of Confusion? Use it on the Demon Lord so you can run away while he flails randomly. Teleportation Pill? Use it when caught behind a mountain range and pray it drops you on the other side. (Seriously, watch the map. Mountains are just as dangerous as monsters.) Nayuta Fruit? Use it when in a snow area to replenish your energy. Big stone? . . . Leave it, this one is actually useless.The character classes are reasonably varied. Each class starts with different stats and abilities depending on what their purpose is. For instance, the Knight has the Great Wall ability, which lets him regen health every turn. While the Bard has the Song of Heroism, which increases party members damage and defence. There's also an adventurer class, with stats that make him perfect for stashing as much loot as possible.The world generation is simple, but effective. You'll be seeing the same tiles over and over again, with few real differences between the biomes. Thing is, it's the layout that matters, not the scenery. It's the generation of Alters of the Goddess, towns, Dark Brotherhood hidouts, and Golems (Be very prepared before you try to take these things on) that make each new world interesting.After each run you'll be awarded Hero Points which you can spend to unlock new perks, classes, and expand your Vault. (In which you can store items from your previous run, in order to use them in the next.)The last feature, and judging from the other reviews here also the most unappreciated, are the story missions. These change every day, one day you'll be accompanied by the healer Dosey, the next you'll be tasked with rescuing the Queen. Each of these NPCs have different stories which you'll learn more about as you fight with them. These really make adventuring more interesting, and are a nice addition to the game. They didn't have to be there, but it's nice that they are.One Way Heroics is, in my opinion, criminally underpriced. I fully recommend picking this up."
76561198015234581,Recommended,266210,16529304,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Orclord,I am quite pleased with this game.Beat the boss with one character then another and another.Each playthrough awards points to unlock new perks which can change the strategy of the next game.The tips and advice at the end of each mission  are encouraging and helpful for the first few play throughs.
76561197998163088,Recommended,266210,15845257,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Jjj'jj,"It's really fun. You'll stumble around for hours until you start to figure out the little secrets to winning. By no means easy, but despite the simple nature of the game it completely hooks you and you lose about 20 hours in a week to it.If you want to know what it plays like, imagine how Binding of Issac uses seeds to determine items and layout (only you're not punished for using them), then imagine you play bumper cars (ie ram them) with enemies to damage them and finally  add some ""multiplayer"" where you can see progress of other adventures in the same seed. If they die, you can find their ghosts and get free stuff. Then imagine all this on a auto scroller.Talking about it really isn't the same as playing it. It's really robust, despite the simplicity. There's like 8 classes, and you can fully customize your starting stats and abilities, which really changes everything. Great game, and it's dirt cheap. Have about 22 hours, and I spent less than a dollar on it. Give a try, you might just love it."
,Recommended,266210,16513430,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Get a Cleu,"Thanks to steam sale dropping it down to sixty cents this game is a steal! Even at full price this game is worth considering. It plays kind of like an a phone app, but is much more enjoyable than any app that has come out in recent history."
76561198030745143,Recommended,266210,16499251,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Veredium,"One of most pleasant surprises I have recently played. Engrossing, genre-savvy, but with meaty gameplay its an unqualified reccomendation for any fan of the JRPG genre. Its also an insanely great bargain."
76561198021975351,Recommended,266210,10905533,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fantahunta,"One Way Heroics is a fantastic game, especially if you like the style of oldschool RPGs.It has a lot of humor in the dialogues and even more secrets spread across the world. So replay value is guaranteed.I really recommend this game, it's very enjoyable.//nominated this game for the Steam Awards 2016"
,Recommended,266210,13831798,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,BluShroom20,"For a game that goes on sale for less than $1, this game has a lot to offer and a lot of replayability.This is my favorite underrated indie game.And the only game I now of where you can permenantly give up the ability to wear clothes to become stronger."
76561197972292762,Recommended,266210,10929522,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,disky,Reminds me of FTL this is a very good thing..Am recommending to everyone.
,Recommended,266210,9295757,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Trinary0,"A cheap, reasonably innovative Roguelike that makes use of a time economy mechanic to keep things moving. It's a nice race game. Feels kind of 30 Second Heroish but turn-based. Not too hard that I've experienced so far, but fairly well made. The music is excellent and graphics well done. Make sure to upscale the playscreen with F4!All in all, definately worth a go on first impressions."
,Recommended,266210,12189697,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Gheeyom,"This game took me by surprise. It's incredibly cheap, but I know I'll be playing it for hours. It gets my mind running with different ideas of character builds and strategies. Cool concept, good execution. The game lacks options and could use a better UI for sure, but these are very small issues considering all it does right."
,Recommended,266210,9367048,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Sezik,This game is what pure amazingness looks like it is really great and never gets boring
,Recommended,266210,27221649,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kino,"Great value for the price. One Way Heriocs has the Rogue-like quality of multiple face-palming failures until you win (and that win is so sweet).The base game and the ""Plus"" dlc is relatively cheap. Worth giving up a coffee for."
76561198040951070,Recommended,266210,13611771,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Corvus,This game is pure brilliance is a small and simple package.
76561198119429594,Recommended,266210,12334323,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,GummiGamer,I love this game it should be more the classes are diffrent and unique the drawings arnt triple A but i like them.it can be so hard and so easy at the same time.I like the idea of a dimensional vault and hero points.so in a nutshellPros:replayabilityloads of achievmentstrading cardsdecent classes good pixel and art styledimensional vault so you can transfer items from 1 char to anothercons:can be really frustratingmusic can get a bit repetativegame gan be really harsh and unforgiving in some areasreally love this game hope they make sequel
,Recommended,266210,19197239,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,🌿Shiki,★★★★★
76561198065102301,Recommended,266210,9314168,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dark Leonheart,Very fun and can farm alot
,Recommended,266210,17662488,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Rozenburnt,This game..............i dont even know how to review it.go try it ur self.100% worth ur money.
,Recommended,266210,14841895,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,AnimeDasho,"when i first saw this game i thought that it was just a normal rpg with the twist of time preassure, and though this didn not seem so appealing i thought i might as well give it a try.This game is such an inspiration for the rougelike genre.for those who haven't looked up a review or anything about the game, the game has something called a dimensional vault where you can store a number of items whenever you die with a charachter. After your first attempt and death you are awarded with hero point and you can use these to buy mor dimensional vault slots and perks that you can use for the next attempt. Becuase of this every playthrough becomes valuable as you have to try you best every time to get good stuff and even though you may fail at beating the boss at that atempt the stuff you gathered can be stored in the dimensional vault and be withrawn at the start of the next game.The game itself can be a little bit disappointing when you walk around and see a house or dungeon way too many steps away and you see it disappearing in the shadow every step you take, but be sure that there's going to be way more epic loot ahead. And if you are really obssesed with entering precisly that house you can reload the same world with the next charachter if you want to do so.Personally i find the Pirate class to be the best one. Yeah he may have negative charisma making the villagers hate his face, but after adding 2 charisma+ perks everything is fine. Be aware that you have to unlock him though but it is way worth it.anyway a great game and seems like something i will come back to now and then whenever i have hard time finding a game to play in my steam library containing 74 games...."
,Recommended,266210,15590547,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"A cute JRPG with a roguelike twist. Plays quickly and satisfyingly and gives a new random dimension every day to challenge a leaderboard for, as well as other challenge modes and random modes to do for fun. Combat is simple but there's a decent amount of classes, perks, gear, and items to find, as well a sparty members to recruit that come with mini storylines to complete. You can also save items from previous runs to hand them forward down the line.The game forces you to continually press ahead or die to ""the Darkness"", so exploring and fighting is balanced with continuing onward, ever onward. Everything you do takes up a turn, so exploring a dungeon and hacking down chests takes time, and you need to make sure you've got time to get out of the dungeon you went into! Or break a hole in the wall.At under 5 bucks, the game is a steal if you're looking for a small, simple game to play bits at a time. You can get in a game before work, or at lunchtime, or etc. You can play for a lot, lot longer at a time if you want to! But the game's strength is its ability to deliver a full package run in about a half hour."
,Recommended,266210,16829560,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Satyagrahi Zetto,"If you like rogue-likes then you'll love this game. You start off with a few classes of characters and can choose a few perks to augment stats or gain abilities, and your goal is to defeat the demon lord who appears to be the cause of a darkness swallowing up the lands. Literally. The game has you constantly running to the right as the darkness behind you swallows up everything. Time only moves when you're moving or performing an action however, so don't be worried about being idle. This provides an interesting mechanic and a rather unique gimmick to this game similar to what Half Minute Hero does with having a time limit to defeat stuff.This game is also highly replayable; With each death you gain hero points and can use a thing called the dimensional vault to store some of your fallen hero's goods for the next hero. You can use hero points to expand said vault or unlock more classes or perks.  Each day there are new ""dimensions"" basically randomly generated worlds that are downloaded each day, for you to explore and play with others, well, not with others like a party of folks to fight, but you can go through the same dimension as everyone else and see their current progress in the dimension, which is pretty neat.The music is great, and surprisingly enough is all public domain music you can use if you want, and while the art might not be the absolute best, it has an endearing charm to it that is only enhanced with the characters themselves. For so cheap, this game offers a lot of hours of fun times for anyone wanting a rogue-like with a lot of content."
,Recommended,266210,10952583,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheDestroyer017,a damn good game definetly worth picking up though it would be insanely hard but its actually not bad if ur good at turn based games :P
,Recommended,266210,26133727,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Azz - Rushman,"The game is amazing. I'll elabore below.I'll start with the bad things i saw on my first minutes.Negative-UI: At first you will be overwhelmed by the UI, lots of stuff you don't know of, and weird position (I'm still not used to having a map in middle of the screen).-Everything looks so small: The graphics are distant, but you'll accustom to it pretty easily. F4 (window size) will be your friend here.-""Chatbox*: System info can be hard to see (the thing that looks like a chatbox) and you can't (or i haven't seen/found such feature) really scroll it up in case you missed something.After my first few minutes, i was able to withstand the things i was concerned from. All thanks to these pros.Positive+Soundtrack: The music is amazing. Each area has its own music and you'll be used to hear them pretty often, but the thing that i enjoyed the most, was event music.Each event has a different soundtrack, and that adds a nice variety to your ears.I'm just talking about design here, but the quality of the soundtrack is also amazing.Area music matches pretty well with the environment.Event music matches with the element of surprice and the feelings you may have while thinking your next move.Lore (game over / special characters / victory / etc) music is nice, you won't feel that it's out of place or that it affects negatively to what's going on.+Story: This one can be subjective. I love with all my heart the genre of medieval fantasy. You'll find a few clichés, but there is also room for nice plot in between. I won't say which kind of plot, but it was worth it, even tho i kinda like all medieval fantasy plots.+Replayability: I'm pretty serious with this one. I make sure to not buy any game that can't offer a good replayability.Please understand that after this point, i'll tell some stuff that even tho it's not a spoiler, it counts as stuff that is nice to see for yourself. You don't have to see all the game features in order to see if you'll enjoy it.After this point i suggest you to try a demo or buy it and play it for as long as you can refund it in case you don't like it.Following the replayability...You have different classes, each with unique skills, strenghts and weaknesses. At easy difficulties it isn't that big of a deal, but if you want to beat the game on the harder difficulties, you'll have to make good use of each class' strenghts.After beating the game, next time you pick a class, you'll see a medal based on the difficulty on the class that you beated the game with.A nice replayability factor is to complete the game on every difficulty with each class. And...+Randomness:As long as you keep playing on different realms, you won't have the same experience.In case you are not that hardcore of a player, you can still repeat the last realm you played, and thus, having another try on the same encounter/environment.Still, some stuff will be randomized, like items, monsters, treasure and such, so it won't be that boring, you almost won't feel like doing exactly the same.This is getting too long, and i can't leave my games waiting for too long. So i'll jump to something i found average.Bipolar+/-Save system:You'll either love it or hate it. But you'll have options either way, remember that.There are three ways to save your adventure (which can turn out to be some pretty long and hardcore expeditions).1. Find a save attendant.A young elf will offer a save feature when you find her. I won't say much more, that's up to you. But you'll be able to find her pretty often.2. Save stone.A crystal used to save the game. Save attendants sell it, but you can find one in your adventures if you are lucky.3. Goddess gift.Once in a while, a goddess will offer a save option at the cost of 5 levels.Did you see what's so different here?All saving methods include finding something. This is not a game you can start and leave every 8 minutes. So no gaming at work i guess.Personally, i love this feature. I like to have to save some money for save crystals and use them wisely. As i said, you'll either love or hate this.+/-Load system:The game allows you to save > try > fail > load > try again. It's kinda expensive to do it often, but you can.I don't like this, and i'm not the kind of person that can avoid to use an advantage when i see it. That's why i like unfair traps and the lack of Easy/Normal difficulties.Even tho i never play on Easy... If i struggle a lot on normal, i'll consider it.However, this system is also good in case you are not a hardcore player and you get too frustrated by dying because of a single mistake. (Like unequipping a shield and forgetting to equip it for the tough encounter.)That's all, i need to go back and play more games. Have fun!"
76561197985912906,Recommended,266210,9403984,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,<|AoC|> gold32,Simple gameplay concept. Fast to pick up. Can play in small spurts. Great fun.
76561198055787221,Recommended,266210,9434842,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Internet Explorer™,Very fun game that takes awhile to understand but still fun and well worth it.
,Recommended,266210,9397094,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Reap945,A great game for a small price tag
76561197999111837,Recommended,266210,9405488,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,carlpalmner,Ridiculously fun and addictive little casual RPG.  I was not expecting this to be as fun as it is.
,Recommended,266210,27595549,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Locke Trufeld,"This game is THE RPG for those that want a faster paced RPG, while being turn-based, but don't want to invest too many hours going through lengthy cutscenes and dialogue, and be able to enjoy its various challenges. The roguelike nature of this game provides many hours of adventures with the many randomly generated worlds that you can play through (and go back to if you want) and the 4 difficulty settings that allows new players and veterans at the game to enjoy at various levels.Each run is quick, simple, and fun, being able to quickly go from a fresh, level 1 character to an unstoppable hero with hundreds of levels, provided you can survive long enough. The world is being consumed in darkness, and you must run from left to right and outrun the darkness while going on your journey. There are several win-state goals in the game, each of which with varying difficulty. In other words, just because you've defeated the Dark Lord doesn't mean you've finished the game. There is more to the game than simply defeating the Dark Lord.With the different classes with different play styles, the potential allies that you can recruit, the different worlds and encounters, there are many unique adventures to be had in your quest to save the world. The amount of content and hours of gameplay you will get out of this is well worth the very cheap price of this game. I also highly recommend getting the One Way Heroics + DLC as well as it adds more classes, content, and functionality."
,Recommended,266210,15280290,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,hõg,"60% of the people who played this game probably hated it, but that's only because they didnt pay attention to what was happening. It's not frustating or boring, you just didnt pay attention.You're dropped in a world  with no tutorial and no context, but once you do understand what you're supposed to do and how the game works, you'll se yourself playing a very VERY fun and interesting game.There are lots of classes, lots of ways to play it, lots of bosses (!), there's even a way to befriend the boss and get him into your party, like what the hell that is amazing. I still didnt beat the game because ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard, but its so fun i cant stop playing it.Great game, great music, _GREAT_ price, HELLA ADDICTIVE, and the best thing, in my opinion, its a totally different game when you actually understand what is going on and what you're supposed to do. Also a gigantic plot twist in the end. Look foward to that."
,Recommended,266210,15924440,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Bunsen,"When I first saw the game One Way Heroics it looked like something that could fill my spare time.I decided to give it a shot for 3 bucks and this game blew me away.This might sound like i am giving this game more credit than needed, but this has quickly turned into one of my favorite games to this date.Of course the game has some flaws, but the good points of this game make it all. Let me give you a summaryThis 2D Rogue-like RPG puts you in a world where the end is on it's way, and it is close! Every step that you make, every action that you do, will cause the end to draw closer and closer.With dungeons, towns, npcs, monsters, holy items and companions spread all over the place, it quickly becomes a game where you have to think how much you can risk for opening that one chest that might give you a great item.The first time you will complete the game will be in about your first hour of play ( getting to the end isn't that hard on the easiest difficulty) but with daily challenges, increased difficulty maps, secret endings (that i won't spoil) and a ton of classes to complete the game with. You will find yourself a new challenge almost every single day.The game plays good, has controller support, has a good learning curve, and it makes you feel like a real hero when you accomplish something.The cons?Well if you don't like dying a lot, then this is not the game for you. One mistake or wrong decision can get you trapped and sometimes the game will be unfair to you.Sometimes you will see the game paused with the message ""loading map"" which is a slight setback in pace.Classes are a little bit unbalanced (in my opinion this only adds more challenge for those willing to take the risk)Maybe if you are really looking for a complex story in a game this might be a let down. (You are the hero, save the day, thats about it)But that is right about it for the Cons.In short, while I only have 9 hours currently into the game, it feels like it has been minutes.If you are looking for a cheap game that is worth the price, and that will consume your time like there is no tomorrow, you will not be disappointed with One Way Heroics."
,Recommended,266210,16477164,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DrProblems,"This weird little game is an absolute delight.You're a generic JRPG hero in a generic JRPG kingdom who has to keep moving east because a fog of darkness is coming in from the west and erasing everything it touches. The way this works in play is that every step you take causes the map to scroll to the right. It's a turn-based system like you see in most roguelikes, except instead of creeping around a dungeon at your leisure, you're trying to climb up the down escalator. Every now and then the evil wizard responsible for the death fog warps in and tries to kill you for a few dozen turns, but if you can get strong enough you can kill him and win the game.Loot what you can as you go and just keep moving. You can duck into a dungeon in the hopes of finding a few treasure chests, but you run the risk of not being able to find an exit before the darkness swallows the building. It never stops being a challenge and you always have to think about what you're trying to do.""Winning"" by killing the bad guy is relatively easy. The REAL point of the game is to find secrets and alternate endings."
76561198062629695,Recommended,266210,15908031,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Jeremy Sama,Definitely worth buying if you're and old school rpg fan!+The soundtrack is beautiful.+Classes are fairly unique.+Decent replayability.+For any skill level can be extremely challenging if you are into that.-Navigation and UI takes some getting used too.-Graphic style is not for everyone.I wish there were more games like this.
,Recommended,266210,9337977,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,⎛⎝_Eva_⎠⎞,I haven't played it very long but if I go right I die
,Recommended,266210,24681598,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,WhiteTrashSlut,"Bought this on a whim, only 87 cent!?!? .... why not. Never played a game in this genre before and I really do enjoy it. It's a very interesting concept, the gameplay is addicting and i find myself thinking about it at work. If you're trying to find something new,  pick this title up and give it a whirl. If you even get a few hours of enjoyment it out of it its well worth the pennies. I'll probably put 50 plus into it before i start to ignore the desk top icon like so many loved games that have befallen the same fate"
,Recommended,266210,9344440,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Bhauk,If you are at all a fan of roguelikes and aren't put off by the JRPG style graphics then you should definitely try this.
,Recommended,266210,11816949,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,KingdomGnark,"Ratings-based on genreOverall: 7Gameplay: 9Addictiveness: 9Play Time: 9Plot: 5Characters: 6Graphics: 6Audio: 7Music: 8One Way Heroics is a refreshingly unique spin on a classic genre. This game has countless hours of playtime and hardly any diminishing returns over time. The gameplay is technically turn based, but as long as you are moving it doesn't feel that way. Several classes and perks as well as the ability to slowly upgrade each consecutive character provides for a really unique, enjoyable experience. At $3.49, this game is a steal!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js5nfQ54BNE&index=11&list=PLOej4kpIyowYGV9flJxsCHMCsnRTfkJV5"
,Recommended,266210,13010586,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,spoopy waldoo,"Good challenging game, best one I've ever played. And I hate challenging games, but this one is great! 9.5/10.  Here are pros and cons.Pros:- Great game, great balancing.- Level system is nice.- The stamina and stuff gives is a nice addition.- I've never seen another RPG game like this, so thats great! Making a new idea is always nice!- Whatever else I think is nice.Cons:- Lack of multiplayer, it would make the game a bit better in my option, give it that and you get my 10/10.- Co-op would be cool too.- Lack of classes, so far i've only found 5. I dont know how many there are, but still- It should be completely new. They should make new classes that no one has ever seen, that'd be nice. There are the basics like Archer, Swordfighter/Warrior. Sure, all RPGs have that, but this one would be better without, because this game is a one of a kind, I dont think any other RPG game like this could top it. I have a few new class ideas in mind, like the Warage. It'd use a combination of wands, spellbooks and swords and shields. I think that'd be nice. This game should have stuff like that. Also, you can use my idea if you want.- Finally, not much in the game itself. It gets repeatitive and boring really fast. Adding like Daily Challenges, Missions you could do like ""Go 500 meters in 20 seconds"" or something would be great. Also adding something like a Christmas mode at the appropriate time each year, it'd bring in the holiday cheer! :D-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall, One Way Heroics is a great buy. It could use some more updates and things, but its good."
,Recommended,266210,11329495,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,RelmDrifter,"Run it over and over again, new word, repeat world. Live, die, carry over items, or not.I beat the Deamon Lord on 3rd run through with no carry over items. May never happen again IDK.Endless Reply Value, nuff said really."
76561198011672471,Recommended,266210,9296332,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Predator,"After seeing the reviews and noticing that the price was an absolute steal, I decided to try the game. I only have a few minutes on it (ah, the life of a college student), but what I have seen so far is very inventive and fun. The game play itself feels like scrolling platformer jrpg, and it mixes all of these quite nicely. I also don't want to forget the whole ""dimension gimmick;"" it's pretty genius. Looking forward to playing more when my life isn't too busy with school.8.5/10"
,Recommended,266210,10440612,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Karok,This game is a small gem of excellent gameplay and replay-ability. Not to be overlooked for anyone who considers themseleves a fan of these genres!
76561197990282060,Recommended,266210,10868405,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,bablon5,A very addictive game worth looking at.
76561198099985339,Recommended,266210,10892160,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Declanis,Pwned the demon lord after dying to doggies many times over.10/10
76561198035145189,Recommended,266210,10957305,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Alex,"First of all, this game is unforgiving. If this statment puts a bad taste in your mouth, then this game is not for you. However, if what I just said doesn't bother you at all, then you just might have found a gem worth keeping.This game is a rougelike, so don't expect to have all the pieces of the puzzle when you first begin. (Google ""Rougelike"" if you don't know what that term means, trust me it helps.) Your first dozen (or few dozen, depending on your luck) playthroughs are more than likely going to end in failure, and the world will be doomed without you. However, as you discover strategies that work (and ones that don't) things will start to turn around. Still, odds are you will die more times than you will reach that happy ending. But that's the thing, the game doesn't stop at the ending. Multiple endings add to replay value, as do multiple objectives that you don't even know exist when the game begins. Add in the fact that worlds are randomly generated, and you will never have two playthroughs that are quite the same (aside from multiple deaths, as that is always a possibility).In short, this game will give you back everything that you put into it. If you don't give it a chance, you will have wasted your money. Fight through the first dozen deaths and learn from your mistakes, and this game will leave you addicted like it has done for me."
76561198049946506,Recommended,266210,10958929,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DigitalDomino,"This is a pretty amazing game! At first, I had no idea what to do and I didn't enjoy the game at all! But after a bit of trying I figured it all out :D I think this is a very cool and casual game to play . It's a game that's ment to be played in short sessions, sessions where you earn one extra thing a time . So, if you're intendin' to buy this game, I suggest you do so! But , even thought there's an unlimited amount of worlds, I would recommend you play in sessions and not for hours like I did! Anyway, over all one of my favorite games! A must have and a cheapy!"
76561198008227999,Recommended,266210,10959855,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ShadowTail,"This game is a great little RPG, it is easy to pick up and play but difficult to master! There is so much replayability between customizing your character's class and perks, randomized maps and events, and loads of items!"
,Recommended,266210,10962070,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Peralta,I love this game so much. The characters are fun and you gain an emotional attachment to them in such a short time. Dosey is such a cutey. I love the soundtrack and for such a low priced game it's so in depth and it is so fun! There is so much you can do! I would easily pay $10 for this game because the developers definitely deserve more money if they're going to make games of this quality. I regret buying this on sale because I want to give them more money! So I've decided I am going to buy this game after the sale and gift it to my friends!10/10
76561198028958488,Recommended,266210,10963185,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,helter_skelter,"Real fun, real solid japanese style sprite-based roguelike with a unique twist all of its own. It even incorporates a similar online ""multiplayer"" to that of the Souls series (though non-intrusive), which i really dig.For all the haters out there saying they'd ""never buy a game made with RPGMaker"" - educate yourselves! This was made by one lone talented guy using a program called ""WolfRPG Editor"" that, to my knowledge, he created himself.Plus it's CHEAP!"
,Recommended,266210,11121858,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Lipucd,"It's really interesting how a very simple concept can make something highly engrossing, and One Way Heroics is a good example of this in play. Take a very basic turn based movement and combat system, simplified stats and gear usage, and rather basic 'save the world' story as their parts, and this isn't anything new nor special by any degree, yet once you add in the ever moving 'Darkness', a mass of black that's always moving ahead, with or without you activly running away from it, and it suddenly becomes this odd pressured race of time and land management.The main key point is whever you take an actions, yet it be attack or talking or even moving, the darkness moves a bit as well, devouring that part of the map with it making it no longger accessible. Suddenly you might be trying to rush towards a small city outpost hoping to sell your overload of loot, only to get there to watch the vender NPC's parish in that very second, having to now make a rush forward hoping another isn't too far off. It suddenly makes every little action you do feel 'importent' in the grand scale of things, and it really forces you to learn to look out for selective map alterations, or carry around Map Scrolls to ensure you don't miss anything vital. The NPC's you can recrute as well also have  rather small, but kinda interesting storylines, each one giving a bit more clear overarching idea of just what's going on, and perhaps a way to really 'save the world'. Not to ruin anything, but those who explore and read up will chances are find far more then this game first lets on.On top of all of this, is a small, but nifty option of online interactions. It's nothing Dark Souls worthy of jolly co-op and the like, but it's more say little snapshots into other's current playing situations as they trek on the same world, able to share a small snipit of text, and be shown how they are status wise. Of course, on death, you can also share something much the same, and depending on where you died, your ghost might help someone else's journey along, dropping a random peice of loot you had at the moment. Beyond all of that, it's a nice, addicting, and simple game you can pick up for an hour or two, feel like you've made some progress, and seems to always have just ONE more little thing to show you even many hours after the fact."
76561198052329297,Recommended,266210,11013262,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,TheNopening,A ton of fun for a bit of pocket change.
76561198109114032,Recommended,266210,11013332,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,FoxBee43,Best game I've bought for such a small price! Easy to jump into. <3
,Recommended,266210,11015754,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Tekaru,game iz g8 8/8 m8
,Recommended,266210,11015797,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Resolution,"I honestly had no idea what I was getting into when I got this. But, to my surprise, the game felt both new and familiar. It is simple yet also not. A nice breath of fresh air."
,Recommended,266210,10832779,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dangerous Lettuce,"One Way Heroics is a rogue-type constantly moving rpg. In short, it's a brilliant game for a lover of rpgs who also happens to be incredibly ADHD. I picked it up for in incredibly low price (less than a dollar!) and got way more than my money's worth. I would pay more for this game, if only I wasn't a cheap sonofagun.The game starts with a basic intro, then throws you right into character making. Not many choices for now, but after the first run (and death) it becomes obvious that there are many more classes, perks, and items to unlock.My first few runs were less than perfect. I found one chest out of thirty and didn't even make it 100km. I tried to esacpe from monsters by going into the mountains. HINT: Don't do that.But I was immediately hooked. I loved the looks, the AMAZING music, and I really wanted to beat the hell out of the enemies that were doing the same to me.I'll be playing this game very often. I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,266210,10700172,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,lazypnda,"The low-res graphics were offputting at first, but became palatable with the game mechanics' charms. The encroaching darkness constantly impacts your movement strategy. There is permadeath but a sort of respawn in the form of points earned that can buy permanent advantages in later runs, which encourages replaying. A great value if you like roguelikes, mystery dungeons, dwarf fortress, dungeons of dredmor."
,Recommended,266210,10714441,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TheJijDude,A nifty little side-scrolling dungeon crawler. Worth what I paid? No it was worth much more than that. An absolute steal in these summer sales.
76561198026092567,Recommended,266210,9312340,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,PenguinTod,"I don't even like rogue-like games generally and find this extremely fun. Definitely recommended, especially at that price point!"
,Recommended,266210,9308005,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Bottom Tier Skillz (Lvl. 2),"I have not in a long time played such a roguelike that captures all the difficulty and strategy of Shiren the Wanderer style games, and successfully marries it with unique quirks of its own. This title is one that I can say really brings a completely new feel to the roguelike genre.More in line with newer roguelikes, it is an easy to pick up, hard to master game with the freedom to tackle it how you please. The side-scrolling aspect of it keeps you on your toes and constantly vigilant. You're forced to move a quick pace to outrun the darkness, but are still given the ability to search for loot at as much leisure that can be allowed. In a way, this really brings the right level of tension and speed to the game. Not to mention the music. It really caught me off guard and I found myself humming many of the songs.In summation, if you're looking for a new game to add to your collection this should be a prime candidate. The playthroughs are quick, but extremely fun. At three dollars, saying this is a steal is an understatement."
,Recommended,266210,9308335,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,NewWin,I have only played for an hour and can tell you that this game is absolutely worth it.
76561198003206630,Recommended,266210,9308379,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dhelv,"Sadly very crashy for me, but it's pretty fun! Worth the £2. :)"
76561197968625017,Recommended,266210,9308535,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,captain46,"While it feels like a short game once you get some good drops going your way, for the price you're paying it really is unique and a lot of fun. It's a fast-paced twist on the Roguelike."
76561198017832545,Recommended,266210,9308577,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Matthew Patel,"Only played it a little so far, but this is a little gem for only 2.49 atm.Fully loving it"
76561198008975655,Recommended,266210,9309030,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Warden Of The Grey,"A fun game with a lot of reason to keep playing, the idea of insta death and the ever-closing darkness makes the game challenging, causing you to think about each move you are going to do.  It is also quite fast paced and I liked how the turn based combat of the game was inter-woven with exploring, resulting in smooth gameplay.The only negatives about this game would be it's graphics which can easily be over-looked, and it's bare-bone story.However I find that the gameplay makes up for the shortcomings of this game."
,Recommended,266210,9309332,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Wumbologist,who the ♥♥♥♥ doesn't like rogue-like games
76561197970489030,Recommended,266210,9309576,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,happyjoyjo,Pretty fun game. Worth the money for sure.
76561198030532182,Recommended,266210,9310328,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Paulie,Pretty decent quick game for a very meager price. A good way to waste 30-60mins.
,Recommended,266210,9310423,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,M. Night Shyamalan,This is such a great game if you dont have it buy it this RPG style is unique and this will easily last you over 50 hrs.
76561198004672734,Recommended,266210,9310705,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Hot Cosby,Quite addicting and a very good game for the price.  A great game for anyone who like rogue-likes and a challange.
76561198014871595,Recommended,266210,9311530,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Taedran,"For the $3 Price Tag, this game delivers more than enough. It plays like a mix between the usual Roguelikes and the playstaion game ""Half-Minute Hero.""A lot of depth surprisingly hidden in a game where you just move to the right. It combines RPG elements, unlockable classes, perks, abilities, and a lot more that encourages many playthroughs."
,Recommended,266210,9311960,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,comfysafe,"Great gem of a game! I've played lots and I mean LOTS of rogue-likes, rpgs, etc. and it's fantastic to see a game that rolls it all up into a bite size portion served up to perfection. Yes the game could use a bit more content but for the price tag there is a hell of a lot of content in it already. Good job to the people behind bringing us this great title! :)"
76561197965495694,Recommended,266210,9312458,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Wintermute,"Very fun game. Difficult to beat on the harder difficulties, and lots of replay value.  Can't go wrong with the low price too."
76561198012221863,Recommended,266210,9490446,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Sparkbomber,"Okay, One Way Heroics is not a normal RPG, not by any means. Sure, there are the usual suspects, such as stats, leveling, items, monsters and even a final boss. But that is where the similarities end. Each game is a race against the clock where the encroaching darkness at the left of the screen advances while your heroic character must scramble right in search of experience, items, gold and helpful npc's.Sound fun so far? It gets better, not only is the difficulty brutally hard and the classes vary in play style, but each world you play in is randomly determined at the start of a game. You can keep the names of these worlds and re-enter them to go back to the same world as before, yet even then the experiences are fresh enough to ensure replayability of the highest caliber.Like in Rogue Legacy, death is not the end of your efforts. Choosing a new class, and storing items in the dimensional vault makes the next game a little less harrowing if you choose. You can use the Hero points, awarded at the end of the game to unlock more classes and perks.That being said, I was not kidding when I mentioned the brutal difficulty. In addition to powerful enemies, you might not have the best equipment because merchants do not appear often and you might not have cash at hand then. Or they appear often, but sell basic articles. And if you find a legendary sword? Use it sparingly as all equipment has a lifebar of such, if it runs out they break. Unless you have awesome perks and have gained levels at a crazy rate you can't beat the Demon Lord naked and unarmed.In conclusion, this game is truly one that gives great bang for so few bucks. So get it!"
,Recommended,266210,9463148,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Korriban,"Let's keep this straightforward.Put simply, this game is a roguelike mixed with JRPG elements. It is a charming little game with unlockables, challenges, & leaderboards to keep the gameplay fresh. There are several difficulties, a handful of classes, and countless worlds to choose from, each with their own challenges, features, and obstacles to overcome. This adds up to a lot of content to play through, should you feel so inclined.With the price it's at, there's really no reason not to buy it.There's only one way this can go - will you do the right thing?"
,Recommended,266210,10597475,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Zikrayrus,"I went into One Way Heroics...not expecting too much. Rogue-likes were always difficult for me to grasp. And I am always weak at taking on the difficulty curve, however those expectations were quickly turned around though. It was great, not only that there's something aboutthe...feel?of the game that really struck a chord with me, the...melancholic, joking, and sometimes self-sacrificing manner the chat, dialogue and text went about.One of the best things I can say about One Way Heroics though, is the relative simplicity of it compared to other Roguelikes. Personally, I always loved Roguelikes, but I could never really enjoy them due to the aforementioned rather crazy steep learning curve which I always had issues handling. However, One Way Heroics was easy, Simple goal, Simple controls. A truly magnificent experience. I am sorely tempted to rate it among the top of the games I played ^_^"
,Recommended,266210,10151184,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,denny,Got killed by a fire-breathing polar bear in the middle of the desert.20/10
76561198007165493,Recommended,266210,10205821,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,大宝,"A good game that's out of my expectation, at the first hours I'm focused on unlock all Classes and play it like simple mode and then I notice it has a story behind the stage and largely increased the time I spent on this game.Strongly recommend for those who enjoyed the old good time on rogue like RPG."
,Recommended,266210,10957710,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Azuryll,This game is very fun. A++ must buy. A steal for this price. :)
,Recommended,266210,10206795,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,foolsErrant,"This game is Mandatory Playing as far as I'm concerned.  It's a fast paced RPG experience that honestly puts all other roguelikes to shame.  On top of all that, the story is surprisingly interesting, and IMO the art is charming.  Please play this Good Video Game."
76561197983419846,Recommended,266210,11850636,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Lightmeow,"This is a great game, and for a great price no less. Simple graphics, and simple idea, with classes, perks, items, and other RPG elements that we all love unlockable through what you're already going to be doing, playing the game!"
,Recommended,266210,13868109,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Guthsloove,"This game full of cool features and old-school graphics. First Anime-RPG that I ever liked. Recommend for turn-based games likers :-)Here we have everyday events and - even - Rogue-Like elements! That's awesome, hell yeah! %)"
,Recommended,266210,12197642,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Bread,"Pure genius.  One Way Heroics is probably one of the better indie games this year that you won't hear about.If you enjoy generated games or the old school sprite RPG's, get this, get it now.The game-play is pseudo-turn-based where every time the player performs an action, the game world will iterate as well.Pros:Excellent replay value.Nice sprite visualsFun, Simple gameplay: Run right, adventure, fight or flee from a large variety of monsters, search for supplies. Visit towns and talk to NPCS.Do all of the above while impending doom is always advancing towards you.Due to generated content, you never know what you'll encounter.  Each new adventure has its surprises.Lots of secrets to uncover.Works with gamepads other than the Xbox360 Controller.Able to carry some equipment over to a new adventure.Cons:None.  Although you need to come into this game expecting to replay it repeatedly to really get anything out of it.  Not a traditional linear RPG at all.One of my favorite indie games for 2014."
,Recommended,266210,12136627,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,unsubstantiation,A time based 2D rpg with where every short game overlaps into each other. I really enjoy the genius behind this game. I can't think of any way this could have been made better.
76561198045239212,Recommended,266210,11989981,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mimic,"My review for this game is very simple, its fantastic. The game is very clever in both its execution of gameplay and art style and here he is what i love about the game:- Many demensions (worlds) as they are randomly generated- Tried and tested RPG methods that work, sometimes better than other games- Easy to pick up, hard to master- Soundtrack is off the scale (and is free with the game!)However this game wont certainly be for everyone. If you hate turn based RPGs then you wont like this one bit, as it does rely heavily on this feature. Here are a few nags i have about the game:- Can become to easy once your gear is insane- No enough end game for me (except setting my own personal goals)- Classes dont feel different enough (however there is a very wide choice)Also please note, while this game has no direct multiplayer, it does have community demensions in which heroes can compare how they have faired against eachother e.g how far they go in KM.MY RATING: 8/10 - Worth everyone penny!"
76561198130369657,Recommended,266210,11058849,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,MagicRain,Really good fun :) You don't notice how long you play this for which is great for these who enjoy to procrastinate :)
,Recommended,266210,11045526,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,msilanoitaR,"This is an extremely engaging game with simple mechanics that work well for it. If you are a fan of JRPGs or loot snagging in general, you'll have a great time.Despite this being a procedurally generated roguelike game, it does manage to squeeze in some story and interesting characters. The unique bit is that, the generation is based off of whatever you want to type in. If you die in the dimension you entered if you want to revisit that dimension, the map generated will be the same (from what I've seen). This means that you can try to learn aspects of a specific dimension and plan around it.Don't worry about the random generation screwing you over too hard either. On each character run you are always given 15 free turns that you can use in bundles of 3 whenever you want. So if you see a long stretch of unavoidable mountains, you could in theory use all 15 turns to pass them if it was really that bad/unavoidable.The combat is simplistic, but deep enough that strategy actually matters since your positioning will often determine the outcome of a fight if more than one opponent is present. The game has a fair number of weapons and weapon types, some of which offer longer ranges and others which are really great at busting down terrain (Yes, you can break down walls of a house to talk to the people inside).If you love optimization, NPC party building, pretending you actually have friends or are just looking for a fun game with a wonderful soundtrack, I'd spend the 83 cents to play this. I believe the regular asking price is $3, which is more than fair. Had I not only found this thanks to the steam sale, I would have gladly paid the $3."
,Recommended,266210,10994134,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,jesse4lyfe,"This is such a fun game! It has progression, it is rogue-like and the gameplay is really cool! You really feel like you're progressing whenever you finish a session, and how can you go wrong for such a great price!"
,Recommended,266210,10864472,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lil'Chizzy,"I can't believe this game is so cheap!!! It has multiple classes, perks, items, unlockables and a few different game modes. The game play takes a few tries to figure out, but is very fun.  I hope that these guys make a sequel because this has so much potential.  If you like older Zelda and Final Fantasy titles, you'll get a kick out of this.  Seriously, buy this.  It should be more like a $10 game for how much you get."
76561198031730610,Recommended,266210,10873878,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dubhe,"A little confusing to start with, but after a few deaths and access to the chest (for carry over items) it becomes very enjoyable :)Best 57p ive spent on a game ever"
76561198044470748,Recommended,266210,10901351,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Juggerko,"I played this game only an hour but it is really addictive most in this whole production like this, that after death we have to start all over again, each class is balanced and each of these classes of our heroes, we can go through the game in different ways really very good game. I recommend to all!"
,Recommended,266210,13948780,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Arcade,Definitely worth the price. Fun and with a surprising amount of depth for something that is so easy to pick up and play.
76561198071540592,Recommended,266210,13778403,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Denlix,So far I really enjoyed it and it is fun for the varity of random worlds you can generate and its difficulty is hard to a certain extend by what eqiupment you have its a solid and good game well worth its low price
,Recommended,266210,13784892,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,♡Aobana♡,"A cute game that satisfied all my expectations!But~ expect a rigid story and you'll be disappointed as the story is rogue-like as is the gameplay. Although this also means that there is room to tell your own tale in the adventures that will be had.The difficulty is hard from the get go, and you'll take risks along the way to level up- Being too careful will hinder your level from rising, but barging in to a fight expecting to win will usually not end well!So you will have to take use of the turn-based system to plan a strategy. But! Is there enough time for a rigid strategy as the world is swallowed up behind you? (each turn) -That is for you to adapt to as you discover this ever changing landscape.-Good-About the turn-based system, keep in mind it goes as fast as you want it to. You can run just as in any overview-2d game. But when you stop, everything else stops. This makes it both exhilarating but calming at the same time to me!Want to compete with other players? You can play the very same world (not simultaneously) and check leaderboards for whom performed the best in a variety of aspects such as leveling and treasure hunting etc-.And lest forget the character art, they have a charming manga-illustration kind of look which takes me back Final Fantasy IV.-Cons-Not a variety of tile texture- Since you'll find yourself writing a story to complement the lack of complete story, a larger variety of landscapes to inspire our minds would be nice. Also weather and lightning effects would be welcome.No simultaneous multiplayer (just leaderboards). If the creators got an idea for how to implement multiplayer but still hold this fast-paced turn-based system, i could potentially see how that'd make for a sequel with great promise! But that's just me. (^^)Okay! Get to the adventure! :3楽しんでくださいね！"
76561198016686103,Recommended,266210,13660988,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Silverbird,"This game is far-worth the less-than-1$ I've spent on it, to get as much time as I've had out of it all in one sitting...The entire urgency feeling that ""the darkness"" puts upon you is one of (if not -the-) game's defining factor(s).You end up weighing in how much loot you can drag with you, what loot to drag with you, what items to keep on you, what stats to raise at an altar (because you want to carry more items right? RIGHTT??!?), how far you can even get through a dungeon before it becomes too risky, what monsters you should engage (is that lizard behind that chest a noob? or will he kill me in 2 hits right after i open this treasure chest...), how you should play your class (focus characters are a total pain in the♥♥♥♥♥..even though I killed the final boss in only 3 hits, as opposed to 100...total pain-in-the♥♥♥♥♥), what class to play after you've tried them all (heck, I've JUST tried them all...they're all unique enough to want a bit of each of them, even though the first two are quite similar).Its just a total cluster♥♥♥♥ of choices put upon you, all because of the timed factor...I'm ashamed to say I don't even know what some of the stats even DO I've been so sucked into playing the game and not worrying about it...If that sounds too stressful for you, don't worry, it isnt, the game doesn't take itself too seriously, with cutesy anime graphics everywhere, and your hilarious little fairy companion that you might get a dialogue prompt asking to 'equip' (lol!). The first difficulty is cakewalk anyways...you could practically travel all the way to the demon lord (the final boss) without picking up a single item, or leveling up at all, and still beat him if you were careful enough. That doesn't mean it isn't fun as heck to play, since the further you go the harder the game gets, but you get to choose if you go just as far as you need to to finish, or if you push on to get better gear for the final battle...CHOICES! :pHavn't played anything like this before, probably won't find another chance to...That, and, with the time I've had right now (7hrs) I've only scratched the surface, beating the game once with each character on only the easiest difficulty!"
,Recommended,266210,13636951,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,pokopish,"First of all, yes one way heroics is turn based, so if you dont like that kind of gameplay you might not like this game.If you do like this gameplay then, one way heroics is WORTH it!"
,Recommended,266210,9311973,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Gamer147,"Addictive, and cheap."
,Recommended,266210,13710423,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Eujin,Nice game.
,Recommended,266210,12208922,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Xemmy,"One Way Heroics satirizes the classic RPG genre with its 8-bit graphics and generic storyline. Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to slay the evil Demon Lord and save King Viktor's kingdom from certain destruction. There are different modes/difficulties to choose from; from starting a quick adventure that lasts 400km to an epic adventure to the end of time and space. Gather allies, fight evil, kill innocent animals or fight the very people you sought to protect - nothing is impossible, besides maybe turning youself into a fish. With full steam achievement and trading card support there are plenty of reasons to play and have tons of fun while doing it. Happy Questing."
,Recommended,266210,10908056,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dr. Jimalicious,"To the team who made this game: I wish I could shake your hands. This is just great. Just great.Now, to the rest of the people, who want to know if they should buy the game. YES. DEFINITELY YES!The price is ridiculously low. I got this game by selling trading cards.The graphics are ""fine"". I don't know the engine this game was made on, but if I had to guess, I would say RPG Maker VX Ace (I use that engine for my works, and the graphics are pretty close) with a loooooot of custom scripting. Another reason this game is so good. A lot of work has been put on it, and I can see it.So yeah, the graphics. They match the gameplay perfectly and they don't ""try too hard"" to impress. They are pretty, they are simple and they are great.The music is pretty good too. Again, the music matches the gameplay and the whole atmosphere.The story. Well, WHICH one? I mean, every player, has their own experience. YOU choose your path. YOU choose what to do with the guy or girl you are controlling. YOU can go around and kill everyone. Or YOU can be the hero and kill the Demon Lord. And on top of all, it's Rogue-like. That means, that everytime you play, even if you try to do exactly the same things, you will have a different experience.This game has humor. When you ""socialize"" with your ""companion"", a smile on your face is guaranteed.The only thing that I kinda hoped I could change, is the speed the darkness advances. The speed is perfect, don't get me wrong, but I would love to mess around a bit.All in all, great game, I bought it for 0,74 euros and I would buy it even if it was 7 euros."
,Recommended,266210,13336707,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Vinnie,"Bought it for €0,80 on a sale. Really fun little game, would recommend."
76561197992052158,Recommended,266210,13355534,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Dead Monkey,"A really simple yet deep gameplay, even comes with surprises and secrets worth playing and recommended for its low cost gives a lot of fun time"
,Recommended,266210,13382968,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Hot Grill,It is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198196417085,Recommended,266210,19625182,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,xXRagnarokXx2,"Before purchasing this game, I was sceptical of the darkness mechanic mostly because I don't like feeling rushed in a game. What caught my attention to the game was the mult-world system, where there are infinite world seeds to add infinite possibility to the game, which also meant a lot of replay value. Secondly, the graphics and classes reminded me of my old favorites, the Final Fantasy games. After buying the game and DLC on a good whim, and trying it out for the first time, I immediately loved it. The encroaching darness actually made it a lot of fun because it added a sense of hurry and a feeling of loss when you couldn't reach that item or town in time, but it also wasn't too fast as to ruin the focus of the gameplay so I don't mind the rush because it still gives ample opportunity to do what you want while constaly reminding you to keep moving. Lastly, the dimentional storage system made it so that playing it again and again wasn't such a drag for unlocking new things because you can store and take items from the storage throughout multiple playthroughs making it a bit easier than doing it from scratch (although its a fun challenge playing hard difficulties without using the stoage).So as for final thoughts on the game; I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes old school RPG's with a twist. Also if you're looking for a game with great replay value, I'd say this game is up there with 'Binding of Isaac: Rebrith/Afterbirth' for a fraction of the price. It has plenty to unlock, along with a fair amount of items to use to your advantage. 9.5/10 Definately would support this game if more DLC's came out for it."
,Recommended,266210,11704022,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,AUTOMATIC,VERY GUT
76561198055207825,Recommended,266210,10795229,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Krhanos,Cheap. Fun. Replayable. Multiple Classes. Randomly Generated Maps. What's Not To Love?
,Recommended,266210,9839655,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,rtd62,The mechanics for this game is something truly unique! To be able to play through the generated worlds again and again until you reach the end is rewarding!
,Recommended,266210,15513578,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Rock Candies,10/10Would 10 Again
,Recommended,266210,13748512,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,cold breath,"This is a gem of a game that I picked up for $.87, would've paid full price in hindsight. The simple concept, the execution in a rougelike randomly* generated rpg world-- and it all comes together wonderfully in whatever way you want it to. A quick, leisurely stroll into a final boss confrontation that might end with a little cheeky grin? Aye, not too hard to play your cards that way on easymode after you test the game dynamics in a few runs. Something a little more intensive and nervewracking for that character you've grown fond of as they developed? You can have that too. Layer on top the rotating special worlds you can select and the game has fantastic replayability that more than outweighs the meagre price.9/10. Gave me everything I wanted out of the title and more."
,Recommended,266210,16108784,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Pepper90,
76561198029978533,Recommended,266210,15373299,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,America_Yea,This game plays like a true oldschool roguelike.I higly recomend this game.
,Recommended,266210,10866857,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,VDZ,"One Way Heroics is a Mystery Dungeon-style roguelike (that is, similar to Pokemon Mystery Dungeon, Chocobo's Dungeon, Shiren, Izuna, etc) with an open world that constantly scrolls to the right, meaning you have limited time to spend in each place and you have to keep moving forward to avoid death by screen edge.Gameplay is standard Mystery Dungeon-style roguelike fare; you have an attack button, inventory with weight limit, three pieces of equipment, some basic stats, everything is turn-based, the usual stuff. Unlike other Mystery Dungeons the world is open (though you can't go back, obviously) with mini-towns and dungeons spread throughout the map. Objective of the game is to level up and get good items to defeat the Demon Lord.Items can be passed to future characters after your run, and you get a score in points which you can use to unlock classes, unlock perks or expand your item storage. Character creation is limited to picking a class and a bunch of simple perks. Various difficulty levels, and a 'Maniac mode' makes the game harder by disabling the item storage. Unfortunately there are perma-saves with no mode for a no-save run; not saving is entirely optional and only gets you a few extra points.Definitely worth it for the really low price."
,Recommended,266210,11844131,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Bowlar,"Great for quick sessions, surprising depth of play, multiple classes, a cool unlock system based on Hero Points for each run, rogue-like (perma-death), a vault for item transfer between plays, cool boss battle, and not too hard for newies to the type to get into. Seriously, A+ and an absolute STEAL at the price."
,Recommended,266210,16533312,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,aisle7c,"This was a pleasant surprise. It's an RPG, it's  a dungeon crawler, it's a side scroller. As weird as this sounds it reminded me of  Dark Souls.  Each time you get a bit further....."
76561197970120110,Recommended,266210,16477368,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,moo moo buckaroo,"Even if I had paid full price for this, I would still recommend this game. Its a quick to play roguelike game that is easy to jump in to and play and can be difficult to master, although being that its a roguelike still means that there is an element to randomness so that even if you feel you have the hang of it you can be thrown a curve ball and knocked out.In addition to the roguelike nature of it, there is some perma elements, such as unlocking new classes to be played in next playthroughs as well as a stash that allows you to store good items for next playthroughs.Overall for the cost, whether you get it on sale or not, definitely a recommend and I definitely wish more games were as easy to jump into and have fun as this game."
,Recommended,266210,16522920,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Woolybear,"Awesome, addictive Rogue-like piece of Indie RPG marvel! Punishingly challenging but so rewarding!10/10"
76561198033968175,Recommended,266210,16481049,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Aubreykun,"Short answer: Reccomended for completionists, peopel who love NG+, and achievement hunters. If you like to complete a game and put it away, your experience may be lacking.This review is somewhat late, as I beat it several months ago. It only took me about 4-6 playthroughs if I remember right. I think I only unlocked 2 additional classes and barely any of the other content, as I was able to ""win"" through the luck of the RNG. I am someone who does not mind restarting games over and over due to dying and learning, but I can't say I like replaying a game once I've beat it.One Way Heroics has fairly standard roguelike combat which I got the hang of fairly easily having played other games. The darkness adds an additional layer to this, almost making it like chess - you have to be able to plan your moves several steps ahead, taking into account each enemy's movement speed, movement patterns, item locations, and whether you might get trapped by the terrain. This can all be done fairly rapidly in most areas outside towns and dungeons. The game, being a rogelike, has a decent amount of teaching through experience and playthroughs.The big big big gripe I have with the game, and is the primary reason I wish I could give a ""mixed"" rating? I managed to kill the dark lord before I think I should have been able to. I discovered one of the special artifact items and managed to fight him inside a town. Just a single artifact, my level wasn't that high. I truly expected him to be harder. Then I expected that to not be all and for the devs to pull a ""Disc 1 final boss"" on me. But no, the Big Bad of the game can be defeated by simply holeing up in an inn with a single artifact weapon and blowing all your items and special abilities.  I had no longer felt a real desire to play it afterwards.However, this is my personal taste. While I find the idea of NG+ and completing a game many many times fairly dull (in most cases) for those people who DO like that sort of gameplay, this is a decent offering. I didn't encounter many, if any bugs in my playing, and the visuals are uniformly presented with nothing that seemed out of place. Worth the money for that kind of player, and having gotten it on sale and with the addition of trading cards I can't say it wasn't worth the 69 cents I paid for it, if not more."
76561198049013476,Recommended,266210,16512627,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jedizora,"So, I picked this game up for under a dollar, not really expecting much. And I can fairly say that this is one of the best RPGS that you can pick up on steam. Interestingly enough, it's a top down perspective sidescroller. You can travel in all directions, but must continue on towards the right, for an ever-moving darkness is coming from the left, which kills on contact. Which randomly generated worlds, as well as 'challenge worlds', it has quite a bit of replay value. Very much worth picking up."
,Recommended,266210,11856542,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Frosty the Suicidal Snowman,"A simple but fun roguelike that keeps you moving forward (pun intended) with its constantly moving landscape.  While hardcore roguelike players may find withselves wanting and/or dislike the forced progression gimmick, there's enough content and difficulty to play through for intermediate and beginner roguelike players to easily get your money and enjoyment out of."
,Recommended,266210,28060698,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DermoPower,"One Way Heroics is a surprisingly good roguelike.The gameplay is pretty straightforward: whenever you move, every monster on the map moves as well. You attack monster by running into them, and your stats determine how much damage you do, and how much damage they do to you.This is pretty standard for a roguelike, but One Way adds in a twist: every time you move, the screen moves a little to the right. If you get caught on the left edge of the screen, you die, so you always need to keep moving forward. Not only this add to the difficulty, it also ensures that every run moves at a good pace: there's no time to loot or backtrack when everything in the world is disappearing on the left side of the screen.One Way Heroics uses permadeath, so if you die, it’s game over. Fortunately, a successful run in the default mode only takes about 20 minutes to complete, so even if you die right at the end, you (usually) don't feel like you've lost a lot of time. You also have the option to keep a few pieces of equipment from previous runs, so if you die right after finding a great piece of equipment, you can carry it over to the next game. The difficulty is also balanced very well. I was able to beat the game after only two or three attempts at the easiest difficulty, but there are several difficulty levels above that, with each one being significantly harder than the last.Overall, One Way Heroics is a solid game. The different difficulty levels offer challenges to players of all skill levels, and the randomly generated worlds keep every run feeling fresh. I’d recommend this game to fans of roguelikes and roguelites at any price, but especially if you can grab it on sale."
76561198043200509,Recommended,266210,17626403,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,DaemonBlood,"Very hard to get used to the controls for some reason, but once you do the game is amazing, i suggest playing it while watching a walk-through for it so that you can better understand the world you've entered. The game itself isn't inherently hard, but you have so little to work with that it takes getting used to. Warning to new players to stay away from Golems, they have set spawn locations per world and they are nasty with or without an axe (which does more damage to them).Characters can be unlocked with points rewarded for your progress after each death or by completeing a certain feat. You can use these points to get a vault and add space to said vault. The Vault NPC is in the set spawn for each character. I recommend always keeping a Key of Seals in the Vault if you manage to come across one. Keys of Seals are used on Temples and can give you Holy Artifacts. My first holy artifact was an Axe that crushed everything before me. By the time it had worn down i found another temple and another key of seals, and got a Holy Spear and Holy Chest Armor. Made it the last 80 km to the Demon Loard and killed him with no struggle.I've only gotten 2.8 hrs of playtime in the time of this review, but i could easily put 200 hours into it. It's cheap for it's value of entertainment, and if you end up in a poor spawn you can always just continue again.More tips-Always buy from a Chef When/If you reach a town. They seem pricey but in actuality they are cheap and extremely valuable.-This game is about Trade-offs, you may end up choosing things that are detrimental to the world you spawn on.-More expensive is not always better, especially when you do not have a high enough Item-Appraisal to know what you are buying.-Randomly Generated worlds always have their problems, the largest map wrecker in this game is large mountain walls that you have to climb. They take a great deal of turns to climb and eat your stamina, if you find yourself having to climb mountains frequently you will die, and you may want to explore a different route or a new world entirely.-Chests in the water are also death-traps but if you can manage it, they may offer useful loot.-Teleportation Pills will save you from Bandits, Bears, or Golems.-Axes will destroy walls and chests with ease for better dungeon navigation.-Bows and Lances will help you kill your enemies from a distance, very beginner friendly weapons, unless you have no arrows.Negatives about this game -The loss of your character after completeing the game is without a doubt a loss, but the ability to save his gear makes up for it, despite the fact it is battered and will probably have to be repaired despite my deep loathing of the brittle debuff."
76561197974183287,Recommended,266210,19416124,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sojiro,"Amazing blend of classic jRPG and rogue-lite. Original, amazingly deep content, interesting and simple mechanics, fair, really all that's needed for a top notch rogue-lite. It does have some limited saves, but I still think it qualifies. The humor is also very good, and the story surprisingly interesting despite how the entire game can be finished in an hour or so. Which is good because that's a type of game you're meant to finish many times to get the many different endings and face the many different daily challenges.The graphics and soundtrack are also good in a 8-bit kind of way, but the real draw is really the gameplay.It's a very solid recommendation for anyone who likes roguelikes and don't mind jRPGs. If you're a fan of jRPGs and can stomach roguelike mechanics, you should also definitely give it a try, it's an experience you have to make. Easily one of my favorite games."
76561198042512462,Recommended,266210,20854444,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Combat,"This game hates you, but you love it. Has a few ways to make each run easier than the last, meaning death isn't a huge deal."
,Recommended,266210,12084999,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,SquidDNA,"This light-hearted turn-based roguelike requires careful planning. Lots of replay as each playthrough gives you the opportunity to unlock additional abilities / classes, and you can stash loot into a shared vault even when you die. Similar to Cargo Commander, worlds are named by their seeds, so you can rank against friends by manually typing in the world name on a start (or similar.) It's, what, five dollars? Pick it up."
,Recommended,266210,12927157,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Gobab,"An addicting kind-of-roguelike that has a neat feature where the endgame boss will show up periodically to try and mess you up. Using meta knowledge and a bit of luck with items and attacks, you can actually skill the end boss down really fast if you're good.Eventually the boss leaves after so many turns of running, has a bunch of different classes that (poorly enough) need to be unlocked.Short, sweet, and some replayability, but once you hit a certain level of meta knowledge and beat it a few times it gets stale."
,Recommended,266210,9355533,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,spy,Excelent game!
,Recommended,266210,10715750,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MyrTariniel,Extremely fun challenging and full of secrets :D
76561198119369929,Recommended,266210,19987313,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Lex,"Highly recommended. Besides being a unique procedurally-generated RPG with an appealing soundtrack, this game has another worthwhile distinction that isn't frequently mentioned in positive reviews: One Way Heroics is conducive to playing in short bursts, or for hours at a time. On a low difficulty, you can clear the game in half an hour, provided you have some idea of what you're doing. Higher difficulties -- assuming you don't blunder about and lose right away -- can offer hours-long campaigns. I appreciate that kind of versatility in a game, and One Way Heroics does it better than most."
,Recommended,266210,17829887,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SubrosianChainsawMassacre_|BC|,"Let's get the important things out of the way right here at the start:Is One Way Heroics a good game? Yes.Is it fun? Yes.Should you buy it? Yes, especially when on sale.Is the OWH+ DLC worth it? Yes, every steam penny you spend on it.Now for the unnecessarily long analysis portion:One Way Heroics is a Roguelike with large amounts of Turn-Based RPG elements. Your character grows stronger as they defeat enemies, you can equip a variety of different weapons, there are multiple character classes, and there are even quests in the game which require recruiting certain characters or speaking with a specific person (OWH+ has quests to unlock extra character classes and a quest to return a little girl to her father).Some other mechanics the game runs on include:- Everything moves on a grid- You have a stamina bar that allows you to climb mountains, swim in water, and use special attacks- You also have an energy meter which is refilled by eating food, it also provides energy for force attacks- Every recruitable character has affinity that goes up as you travel with them or do specific things on the way such as eat a specific kind of food or kill enemies- The recruitable characters can also be levelled up- Weapons can be given extra attributes via scrolls or other such objects- Most items have weight (arrows and gemstones don't) and if you exceed the weight limit, you can't move- You can unlock various perks that help you along the way- You can find goddess statues throughout the world which give you special boosts for the cost of levels- The Awakening ability, which allows you to take five consecutive actions without anything else moving- The Dimensional Vault which lets you store items from a run and take them out again for a different run- Your weapons and armor will break after a certain number of hits, given or recievedMechanics specific to OWH+- Food can go bad as time goes on- You level up upon reaching a new area- You can add extra parts to the starting castle with Dimensional Gold Coins you find in each run, you can also place special NPCs in these extra parts- Extra perks that make the game harder but greatly improve your rank and score- Tons of extra items that aren't in the regular versionThe biggest and most important game mechanic however, is the darkness. The darkness is always on the left side of the screen, and if you get swallowed by it, you die. Every time you do something, be it moving, attacking, equipping an item, or even talking to someone, the darkness moves forward. This means that ever action has to count, and you have to really think of possible risk vs. reward of doing specific things. Because if you go into a dungeon and can't get back out in time, you will be consumed and that'll be it. You can use the Awakening ability to get away, but it only has five uses per run, and the world goes on for a long way (10,000 km if I recall correctly).Overall, a really good experience, and one I highly recommend."
,Recommended,266210,10632440,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Portal Jumper,"Surprisingly amazing. Mechanics I have never been seen done before, such as the let part of the screen being a one hit ko if you get to close. This is one of those games where you will have to make tons and tons more characters since you might keep dieing, but you are mainly trying to do better than last time. And you are allowed to transfer an item over to your next character for hero points which you gain by playing. You can also buy more classes and perks as you get farther in the game. There are tons of areas to explore, enemies, towns, houses. Just a great game overall I think. Was well worth my 89 cents. Also I think the music in this game is outstanding. The graphics are not a turn off either.An honest 4.8/5"
,Recommended,266210,12310161,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,EvilGoodGuy,This is a great turn based roguelike with a twist. Don't let the seemingly basic gameplay fool you into missing a great game!
,Recommended,266210,17809603,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Doctor Pepe,":3 I luv this game, and you should to.Also swordmaster is best class :p"
,Recommended,266210,13278834,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,nifboy,We don't often see console-style roguelikes - ones that handle well with a controller and are generally accessible - especially on the PC. One Way Heroics is one such roguelike.
,Recommended,266210,10546380,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Jask,"Simple, fun and challenging. The randomized worlds have a variety of features to find and die to. Classes, perks and gear allow for a number of builds. Plus it's cheap."
,Recommended,266210,11104479,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Infindox,"Fantastic, fantastic game for its price. It's pretty much a ""one way"" rogue-like game, as you are constantly running to the right from the Darkness. For how short it seems on the surface, it's really in-depth, and it can get pretty addicting. Worth much more then the asking price to be honest."
,Recommended,266210,10247618,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"The one way is right. To the right to the right, all your stuff... wait."
,Recommended,266210,12341190,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Nue,This.This game right here is the exact game all RPG-Maker style games wish they were.Guys... For 4 dollars... Just buy the game...I really wish there was a DLC for the soundtrack though... :(
,Recommended,266210,10846339,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AyTonay,i cry evrytiem
,Recommended,266210,27177770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mikoto,"I'm not the best person to give a technical critique of games to be honest, so I'm just going to describe what I felt when playing this game. I love OWH. I picked this up on a sale and honestly, I would say this game is worth it even at full price. I have 20+ hrs on this game and I haven't even finished it. I'm not sure if that's an indication of anything; maybe I'm just terrible at this game. But I've enjoyed playing it so far, and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who's a fan of casual games and RPGs."
,Recommended,266210,10856247,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Messmon,"Excellent game. There are only two real flaws that I've found. First, the darkness not only moves at its own pace/round, but it also is always at the edge of your screen. Meaning you can't run forward to get some extra time in town or in a dungeon. Understandable, but not necessary.  Second, this game is based heavily on luck. I played 3/4 of the way through on one character, then desperately needed a shrine to trade in levels for buffs and a town for selling and buying. I went 50-100 km without finding either of those, and was taken down halfway into the boss because I was trying to limit my movement to conserve energy. The next game I played, I walked not 30km out of the starting area before getting killed in 3 hits by an ""infamous harpy"" that threw fireballs at me. Then the next game I played, I got a holy sword and saved up all my gear and buffs and destroyed the boss in about 5 rounds, dealing about 389 damage a hit.The thing about death in this game is that it's supposed to be both tragic and amusing. Amusing, when you run out and instantly get stuck in a house and devoured by darkness or destroyed by a devil-harpy, and tragic when you run 200km and get torn to bits by a fire-breathing bear. This game set a goal to be a certain type of RPG, and succeeded. It's not a super-powered-loot-fest, and it's not ungodly difficult. It's both, and in a way that works."
,Recommended,266210,11114254,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Uxilo,"Hands down the best game I have picked up for a meager 75 cents. I didn't expect very much from this game, but in the end I got totally hooked by it."
,Recommended,266210,11625212,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Hush,"Very fun game. Plenty of classes and cusomization to keep it fresh. Rogue-lite, in that you can bank some of your items between runs. Very solid for such a simple game. Worth the $3.50, though its much cheaper elsewhere."
76561198134083531,Recommended,266210,20198720,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tea time :),excellent gameit would be nice if ther is an endless mode :)
,Recommended,266210,16610511,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,GeneralPing,Paid less than a dollar for itPlayed for over an hourBetter dollar to time ratio than a movie
76561198045401832,Recommended,266210,29460957,Posted: 24 January,all,SoloPlayah,"MIght as well get PLUS because of the tweaks and low price. Anyway, this is a great random RPG game, so much deeper. Looks like a super RPG Maker game. You have unlimited infinite play, which is what I wanted (replay value) with JRPGs."
76561198041329089,Recommended,266210,12318167,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,terrenceknight1,Ever since I picked up this game a few days ago I've lost much sleep at night because of the dreaded 'one more run' mentality. Its very fun and I suggest it to anyone who enjoys roguelikes and rpgs!
,Recommended,266210,13518184,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jack,"This game is an absolute steal for the default price, let alone the discounted price of $0.87! With simple controls, an excellent pace and unique mechanics, One Way Heroics is a game I wish I'd paid more for. Definitely worth its weight in gold, this one!"
76561198066703316,Recommended,266210,19301404,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Choju323,"Really fun, really well made, tons of things to do, and waaaay to cheap. I would pay $10 for this."
,Recommended,266210,18085053,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Fusha,"A fun little roguelike with a very interesting concept. The coming darkness forces you to always be on the move and plan ahead. Plenty of things to unlock, plenty of challenges to beat and things to find. Very replayable and customizale. Would strongly recommend."
,Recommended,266210,19141660,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,SuperFluffyCouchSnake,"It's the type of game you find yourself coming too when you bored,looking forward to the next quest, thinking how your skills and this class with these perks would work, over all a great game and one that as much as i wanna joke...cannot bring myself to put down, because in this game the quest never truely ends till you, stop playing and that in itself means combined with the games randomly generated quests AND even the chance to create your own through random seed generator or even manually input your own, this game is well worth the price i'd say and so far my favorite class has to be the Pirate."
76561198042301195,Recommended,266210,14153505,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Gamer Brian,"This was an excellent game if a bit short. I really enjoyed initially building up the persistent character points but I felt that this game lost a little something after you mastered it. Nonetheless, this is a great distraction and I highly recommend it at the low price."
76561198061367071,Recommended,266210,11646790,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tsunga Bunga,A suprising game. Really good fun and the random world generator makes every playthrough different and unique in it's own way. Great Game worth it's money!!!
,Recommended,266210,20620011,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,USESODA,"Fun, pure turn-based gameplay with small portions of story and character delevopment on the side.I always find myself playing a few hours everyday now, even when I'm not in the mood.Worth a full purchase in my book."
,Recommended,266210,10702587,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TydeTyme,"An amazing and addictive Rogue-like RPGThis rogue-like game gives you a great amount of customization as you start each adventure. After each adventure ends you score points based on how well you did during your run and you're able to unlock new perks, classes, and additional slots for the vault that allows you to transfer items to the next play.The game provides a series of challenges, randomized worlds, and plenty to do during each run. Every turn in the game counts as you're avoiding several obstacles at once. Honestly there is a lot to take in about this game but if you're looking for a rogue-like RPG then this game will easily hold your attention no doubt."
76561198001593285,Recommended,266210,13673580,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Nerimo,"After my first few playthoughs, its a really fun game. Simple to pick up, but with many hints of a good depth of gameplay. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,266210,19926240,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lightshade49 The Collector,"One Way Heroics (OWH), is a Quick paced Rogue-like RPG made from the RPG maker Series. Sounds simple, and is easily hidden amongst the other ""Maker Games"" on Steam. But this is one RPG that you should not miss. It's Challenging, Fast-Paced, and Addicting. As the name implies you will be going one way with your ""heroics"" as you battle the Darkness that is plaguing the world you inhabit (as the different world are classified as alternate dimensions in-game)Pros- A Decent array of Classes, 2 to begin 8 overall (3 more if you get the expansion).- No two world are the same allowing for a new exciting experience each time, and if you liked a world you played before you have access to that in your logs.- Simple yet thrilling combat: with the unique ""one way"" mechanic, the combat does not allow you to dawdle and grind. You will have to defeat enemies Quickly.Con (As the only one i can really think of as of writing this review)- Slow Start: the Game is tough, While it's nice that the first two classes you start with are easy to play, the Classes you unlock will take a bit of practice to get used to making it a tad difficult to unlock early achievements.Otherwise One Way Heroics is a fast paced RPG that looks generic but should Not be Overlooekd just becasue of that. IF you like Simple yet thrilling RPGs then One Way Heroics is a Game for you!"
,Recommended,266210,10985604,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ullallulloo,"This is an interesting and fun rougelike RPG. It has tons of replayability with the classes, worlds, and difficulties, and you can either play it as a normal rougelike with permadeath and fresh starts or more like a normal RPG by continuing from your saved games (although it doesn't really count the game then) or by improving yourself with the dimensional vault. It could use some more perks and classes and stuff, but either way, it's a a very fun game, especially for the price."
76561198069466219,Recommended,266210,18456304,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,heavensolder,This is a really fun game!
,Recommended,266210,12821732,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hilamonsta,A neat and new idea but really only worth a few hours of your time
,Recommended,266210,25701491,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,kome360,"Might be the best ""dungeon crawler"" of 2014."
76561197995047435,Recommended,266210,12385447,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,JustToYourRight,An excellent rogue-like with a great balance between luck and skill necessary to complete it on the higher difficulties. Charming art and music combined with extremely high replayability make this game a steal for what you pay for it.
,Recommended,266210,10926323,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mjolna,"This game is bloody fantastic. Quick play, both short and long campaign settings, tons of variable difficulty and build options for its simplicity. A roguelike that many roguelikes could aspire to be. One of the most pure fun games I've ever played.One Way Heroics has managed to become the game closest to my heart. I love it. Every run fills me with glee and joy and when it invariably ends I just want to play more runs, try more things, see what is there to do."
76561198132473019,Recommended,266210,18582104,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Raiden,"For a game that regularly goes on sale for less than a dollar, it's absolutely amazing, the dlc for the game, while making the game harder, adds so much convenience to the interface. Now for the breakdownMusicThe music is never really downbeat, though there are times when it's calmed down.It tends to pick up to a rousing adventure theme when combat really begins to happenThe music in towns is really calming, to the point that I've just sat in towns listening to the music playingI tend to reccomend listening to the music of any game prior to purchase though, and there's an awesome playlist on youtube containing all of the music from the game.InterfaceThe interface in the base game is kind of unintuitive, with the keys being used as follows: R T W A S D Ctrl ShiftThere might have been more, but either never needed them, or they just didn't come up.The intro menu here is really simple, but the opportunity to rerun a map you like just because you remember its seed is awesome, but there's not much that's all that interesting in the intro menu.The in-game menus are interesting, but I do have just one issue in that you can ""use"" a bomb, by which I mean it will just explode on you. I don't know why this is an option but I accidently use the bomb instead of throwing it more often than I'd like to admit. But beyond the occasional issue with that, the menus are easy to understand, just getting into it the first time is a bit interesting.The interface in the expansion is much more compact with the numbers on the keyboard being used for quick acess inventory slots. The rest of the keys are: Z X C V Shift Ctrl W A S D or the arrowsThe expansion makes the menus even easier to use, as well as picking up dropped items.GameplayIt's a Turn based roguelike with the opportunity to overcome every map that I've come across, though it may take several attempts to do so.The combat is really intuitive, where the combination of shift and direction makes aiming easy, and there's only one attack button, which allows you to really take advantage of the turn-based global interaction.It is possible to get all pooped on by the spawning of the enemies, or even by travelling to the wrong bit of the map and getting stuck behind a wall of mountains, but so far, I've had only a couple of instances where this happened.My complaints here are really just twofold, with the first one being the bomb issue. There's a number of games I lost because of that, but it's my fault. The other is how slow the game can be on the longer runs, but the expansion allows the speeding up of movement so I no longer have this issue.StoryNope. not telling you. If you want to find out, do so yourself.It is a compelling story found out through gameplay if done correctly though.Really, as a quick sum up of all that: the game is really well put together and the expansion just tightens some controls and adds to the game as a whole. I spent $7 on this and as you can see I've put in 40-ish hours into it. I love it, and it's something that, if you like the gameplay, you'll love the game. If you don't like the aesthetics and or the gameplay, you won't really feel bad about it because you've probably spent more money on worse games.Enjoy! I did."
,Recommended,266210,13978109,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,羅刹,"First time I played this game I thought ""why did I waste money on that?"", but I played it anyway because I were bored, then I kept playing, and now I have almost 24h played, and now I can say, this game is PERFECT! Cool endings, sound track, and a really rpg challenge, all in one."
,Recommended,266210,17627734,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,sarysa,"It's a nice little roguelike with a twist. Said twist works out surprisingly well. It's not very expensive and it's pretty enjoyable. The one real downside is the balance seems to be a bit wonky, with holy weapons being perhaps too crucial to victory. The Dimensional Vault is a nice concept, which definitely helps some of the problems stemming from the randomness. The soundtrack is also a nice touch. All in all, it's worth the low cost, but bear in mind that it can be a bit repetitive after awhile.Have not tried the new expansion yet."
,Recommended,266210,16476325,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Black Puppet,"=HEADS UP=I had a review before this one about the game being good. This stays of course but i had to clarify some points and fix this old messy review that i made before.=INFO ABOUT THE REVIEW=1. My reviews tend to be a bit longer. If that is the case please be patient and read everything.2. This review is about my point of view and opinion. [If you disagree on a certain point or want to correct me: Be reasonable or i will ignore your comment.]3. If you want to try to change my opinion with arguments that make no sense in any way then please do not comment at all.=REVIEW=Now what can i say about this game? That it is worth the money. It is a small game with only one purpose for you. Go forth and kill stuff. But there is a twist to it. The World is ending and you are the legendary hero to venture out and try to get ahead of what is coming after you to kill you. And what is that right behind you? Pure Darkness.This game leads in a certain direction and that one is Right. You go as far as you can get to meet at the end the Bad guy to stop the End of the World. But that is not an easy task. Even though this game is semi roguelike you wont have that much trouble with it like other roguelike games. Over the time of you playing you will die. But everytime you can transfer items into a little box that is between the dimensions. And as soon as you visit a new world you can decide if you want to take it with you or not. This makes the game a bit more enjoyable and easier for you. But in the end it depends on you how it ends.The game brings you into a randomly generated world. Here will the Adventure begin and here you can do whatever you want. Go on and kill some bad guys. You are the Hero. Go into the Taverns and buy gear and let the people help you. Or just kill them and their guards. That is right. You are allowed to do everything you want. Kill, destroy and so on and so forth. But there is a nice twist to it. If you are the great Hero you are able to find people that want to help you defeating the bad guy. And since everyone trusts you they will not attack you when seeing you. If you do attack other people though the game will punish you. The word goes around very fast and in other inns or taverns the guards will recognize you for what you did and will try to kill you. But not only the guards will turn aggressive but also the other people.So it is up to you what will happen in the game. At the very end it is the bad guy who you want to kill. But it depends on you how easy or hard this may be."
,Recommended,266210,14230183,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a RPG Rogue-like game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are some settings before the launch. at Config.You can choose if you want to play on a high pc/medium pc or a low end pc. (you can change during the game by pressing F5).There is 3D mode and software mode. Software mode is better for low end pc.There is a Sound volume slidebar and it is marked with bars.There is a music volume slidebar and it is marked with bars.Pressing F10 will make it fullscreen. Pressing it again will make it windowed.You can play with a controller.About the game.You are playing a hero that has to defeat the evil. You can choose between a class and a perk. Each with their own effect and attritbutes. Each step that you take will bring you closer to the evil. But the game is side-scrolling and everything on the left is ""destroyed"" and you are forced to keep walking to the right. Whenever the screen has catched up, you will die. Every step, Every move, Every action that you will do, will bring the left side of the screen closer to you. You have to kill enemies to get experience to level up and finding loot to make your character stronger. Once you have finished a run, you will get points at the end of the level which will help you on the next run. (once you have spend it ofcourse).Game has very good music.Gameplay is fun but a bit repetitive.Graphics is decent.The game is fun but at some parts tricky too.There are different save slots.Other things.Let's Try Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uEWVKeroIo-------------------I Give this game a 8/10"
76561197975176802,Recommended,266210,17908565,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Clem Fandango,"Odd and sort of unique, but it has the roguelike spirit and the ability to unlock things for future rounds, which keeps you engaged. Not super hard if you're used to old school roguelikes, but definitely uncompromising and a worthy challenge.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,266210,10956856,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Almaz von Almandine Adamant,You see all these indie-like games on Steam. This is one of the few that are good.
,Recommended,266210,20335252,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Tolkad,It's good and has much more depth than it appears
76561198062358574,Recommended,266210,34389684,Posted: 21 August,all,Lavinathael,"This rougelike is fun. I really enjoyed the music. The classes and unlocks keep you coming back for more. Even when you die, you feel like you are rewarded for your efforts."
76561198004368051,Recommended,266210,28335583,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DFuxa,"One Way Heroics is an auto-scrolling rogue-like. As you move about and act in the game, the screen will slowly moves to the right - and should it reach your character it will devour you in darkness.....The goal of the game is essentially all about keeping ahead of the encroaching darkness as you travel across various lands. You get stronger, collecting items and leveling up, stop in settlements (before they can consumed by darkness) and eventually you will battle across the lands against the Demon Lord behind it all!And... that's it. The vanilla game is a cheap game after all and the DLC you get adds in a good deal more content to improve the gaming experience. Without it, you'll get a nice taste of what the gameplay is all about though it will feel somewhat lacking quite quickly.Notably though you can buy the game and its DLC for a fairly cheap price bundled together. Also, keep in mind that you may want to keep and eye out for Mystery Chronicle: One Way Heroics; which is a sequel to this game."
76561198073299121,Recommended,266210,13276096,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,LordJaraxxus,I had two ways to rate this game...I chose the one way5/5
76561198060527161,Recommended,266210,11104422,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sir Slush,"I bought this game on sale for $0.87, and I feel a little bad for doing so because this game is worth much more than its full price.One Way Heroics is, as you probably already know, a scrolling roguelike in which if you get stuck in the darkness, it's game over.I can't speak much to the mechanics here - they are standard roguelike mechanics and, while there are a few imaginative additions (pills of teleportation, buddy tablets, etc), the game plays essentially like the standard roguelike. The gameplay is solid, and outperforms many other well-recognized roguelikes, but doesn't attempt to re-invent the genre.The charm of the game is in how well it is built. I enjoy the music and the look and feel of the world, as well as the characters (most of whom only have a few lines of dialogue). The world feels varied and interesting thanks to a variety of enemies and enemy modifiers, multiple area types (such as mountainous regions that force careful movement planning or deserts that drain energy), and NPC encounters. The fact that the game will generate a world based on an alphanumeric codeword is also a plus, since it can make every run different.To sum up: Aside from the scrolling mechanic, the game doesn't do anything new or different. But it doesn't really have to. It's well put-together, carries its own brand of charm, and it's definitely worth the $3 pricetag."
,Recommended,266210,10964380,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kaban,Tippity top stuff for 87 cents.
,Recommended,266210,12495541,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,physicsmongoose,"I gladly recommend OWH, because the game is worth the small asking price (about that of a gallon of milk), for the love that obviously went into it.The bad news is, the keyboard controls are annoying.  I would not call the game addictive.The good news is, I will probably come back to this game sometimes, because it is amusing, challenging, and tends to receive updates.  I can see how you could love this game more than I do."
,Recommended,266210,13958521,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Crompt Nickton,"This game is amazing... very well done!!!!  It kind of reminds me of Terraria for it's pixely graphics.  I just got it and I can't stop playing it.  Like the old Super Mario Bros, you can't go back, only forward.. but you die if you try to go back... you die.  Your fairy will even tell you how you died and what you should have done.. it gets annoying.  But other than a few annoying flaws, this game is PERFECT!!!That was just summing up what the game is like, not to get me started on how amazing it is, like how I said the Super Mario Bros thing, well, it's a combonation of Legend of Zelda, Super Mario Bros, Final Fantasy, and other various NES games, but mostly Final Fantasy.  Die alot in the game, it's okay.. we all died alot in the beginning.  After you realize how to fight, the game gets very easy.  If you read to here then you must be wasting your time 'cause you should be playing."
,Recommended,266210,10992946,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sebass,"Very fun, it's one of those games were you wanna keep playing, and it's such a drag that you have to stop :(. This is very great for the price, even when discounted. The price looks like it's already discounted! Worth more than 3.49. Also very good for trading card sellers like me, who sell every card they get (although I couldn't have bought this without a couple of vintage items on TF2). Not to mention, that IT WAS 85 CENTS on summer sale! The most fun part is that you get to pick your own characters, random generated maps (I love rogue-likes' and random generated everything), and with online support, you can get help from ghosts of other dead people that have tried to beat demon1656 (See what i did there >:D sorry, just had to do it). Nevertheless, the main part of the game is about the darkness, I think the darkness is pretty paced for what it does. Sure it can get behind your back when your swimming (unless you get the perk, yes i forgot to mention perks, and lots of them), or climbing through moutains, or getting trolled by some skeleton in a slim dungeon. Another cool little thing is the Dimensional Vault. When you die/beat the demon1656 you get to store items from your inventory and use them for the next adventure. You can choose not to and get recognition if you beat youknowwho xD.If I would score it, I would give it a winRAR/winRAR"
,Recommended,266210,17215702,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Iron Leonem,"One Way Heroics is a neat little roguelike game with a fun mechanic pressing you ever forward to the right. It has a pretty steep difficulty curve, and the game gets repetitive after a while, but it's still a very interesting concept. Depending on how much you can tolerate repetition, this game will be fun at least for a little while, and at the price, it definitely earns my recommendation."
,Recommended,266210,9600842,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Quitehatty (Bcg17),very fun rougelike love the concept of the approaching darkness id say about 10 hours of playtime worth of a game its cheap too
,Recommended,266210,22763008,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Dekenn,This game is actually really ♥♥♥♥ing good
,Recommended,266210,22981299,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,irockas,"So...i really reccomend this game if you like rpg, this is nicely done, it has epic comic scenes, great soundtracks, lot of characters, and A LOT of different sotories, really well done on this one!one of my Fav. games soo far!"
,Recommended,266210,28026727,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vert,"I adore this game, so much so i've bought it dozens of times for people on my friends list. It's nearly perfect in what it tries to do, the perfect roguelike rpg that isn't unfair or filled with annoying rng.It's fast, simple and clean, no uneeded features or mechanics to weigh it down yet there's still a lot of strategy to it.Why doesn't the maid have a portrait though"
,Recommended,266210,21082778,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Boomlayable,I punched a polar bear to death while naked.
76561198097840446,Recommended,266210,11239539,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,"[POMF] Lotion [,] Motion [#6729]",this game is as fun as masturbation
,Recommended,266210,21596516,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Milky,♥♥♥♥
76561198035014674,Recommended,266210,20633844,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,76561198035014674,"Fight a dog, fight a bear, fight a skeleton, fight a hare, fight a dragon, fight a mare, fight your reality, fight the principality, and fight it all avoiding the darkness before you fall."
,Recommended,266210,9350372,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Narky Sawtooth♪,"Amazing.This game is a very rewarding experience. The thrill of finally beating it on its easiest difficulty was one I haven't felt in a turn-based game in a long time. And then, I just kept taking on tougher and tougher challenges. Dying quickly each time, I had to try as many things as I could. Now, I take on the hardest difficulty setting with no problem. And, One Way Heroic's doesn't just up the stats for its difficulty; It adds in new items and characters, something that needs to be seen more in games.The easy mode is just a short voyage that ends in a boss fight, but the other modes don't have to be. In other modes, that same boss attacks much sooner, and appears at various intervals. There is a thrill as you run from the darkness, dodging past its summoner as they chase you down with attacks that become more survivable over time. You can feel the progress. And, with the game encouraging you to restart, you can also feel yourself getting better. Dying after three days with your best gear carried over is replaced with surviving for ten days with the default starting gear and what you scum up along the way. Every class becomes a force of destruction, even long after its stats become redundant.The game also has a major count of stuff you'll miss the first few times playing. There's funny conversations to be uncovered, but that's something every game seems to have. Although often short in words, characters and endings give backstory that matters. The things they mention are in the world, and their tellings are sometimes clues. All the characters that can join your party are somehow linked, and understanding their origins and motivations will teach you how to truly save the world.This game isn't some cheap let's-make-a-roguelike-because-it's-been-done-several-times. It adds to the formula.(On a side note, the game used to crash sometimes. It seems to have been fixed in a recent patch. It was never much of an issue for me, though. I only had three crashes that were in-game.)"
,Recommended,266210,11417032,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Teivadict,"I really regret buying this game. I mean, I only paid 2 bucks for it. I should have found a way to pay more before buying it."
,Recommended,266210,11415675,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,much like gay street you can only go One Way on this exciting 8-bit adventure!!!!
,Recommended,266210,22922020,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Froza,"Friend recommended me , so i bought it , and then i got addicted./Simple as that , would recommend"
76561198087705587,Recommended,266210,12770449,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,JarJarThinks,"It don't matter if you can:Punch bears with your bare fists, while stark naked.Blow up entire dungeons with a single mutter of magic.Climb mountains faster than flying creatures.Swim faster than the fastest fish.Unlock the stongest vault in the world.Run as fast as humanly possible.Find weapons blessed by the gods themselves.Beat to death the Demon Lord with a wooden stick.Or even walk to the ends of the world its self.The Darkness will always be to the left, and it will always be hungry."
76561198029448801,Recommended,266210,12766051,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,SirOwnsU,"10/10 would get wrecked againalsoALL HAIL QUEEN FRIEDA! *salutes*little gem, I highly recommended it, especially for its priceit looks simple (well it is) but if you ♥♥♥♥ up you get ♥♥♥♥ed up, so better think twice about your next movealso the graphics, artwork and music are rather nicethe main plot isn't really worth mentioning, but the little side storys are quite beautifuli think i'm a bit in love with this game"
,Recommended,266210,10716192,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Swordbro,"Considering i spent less than a dollar for this title, i was extremely surprised at how high quality the music, gameplay, and world generation was. 8/10 will continue to play"
,Recommended,266210,10727986,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kaden,best 87c i ever spent
,Recommended,266210,10720395,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Edgar Doiron,"If you're a fan of the rogue-like genre, there's not reason not to guess this game, especially not at this low low price!2 years later and still in love with the game"
,Recommended,266210,10988791,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,nightingale2k1,"first time I look at the screenshoot,it looks like just another rpg game. but when I tried to play it, damn, it was fun.I never thought about jrpg being made in roguelike form like this.Play for 2 hour, died many times, got a holy axe, win the game after killing evil lord.Will play again since the replaybility is high"
,Recommended,266210,13462498,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,GitRektM8,"Killed the Demon Lord using the Holy Lance of Longinus, great game."
,Recommended,266210,15006538,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Lanananayeej,"I would recommend this game to any strategists or anybody who has a desire to venture into a world where there are no regrets, and all that you leave behind is gone forever. It's funny that the concept of ""only move right"" would be a core gameplay mechanic, but it works so perfectly into the game. And for all those going to buy it, there is an expansion planned to come out soon, and im sure that will be even more amazing than this. 9/10, Would buy again."
,Recommended,266210,9302068,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,sorath,I have no idea what I'm doing but I keep dying.  Kind of addicting.
76561198030176685,Recommended,266210,15817572,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Kaustek,"I'm not too big a fan of Rogue-like games, but this game sure did change my mind.A hidden gem that is both enjoyable and addicting.It's a game where you can invest 5 minutes or 5 hours a day and never tire of it.I picked it up for $.87 (which is a steal).I HIGHLY recommend this game, even if you are not too sure you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,266210,15964610,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,LizaTheLizard,A cheap and awesome game. Definitely recommend
,Recommended,266210,16517040,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,PinoyKoakai,"This is a truly great game. It's cheap, but it has a lot of depth with different classes and ways to change the way you play by adding perks that can alter your stats. If you have ever played Pokemon: Mystery Dungeon, it plays like those games. The music is great as well."
,Recommended,266210,14257147,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,krawky398,"Have you ever gotten a game for sale price and after playing it, you feel like you'd have been satisfied with the value even if you paid full price? For me, One Way Heroics is that, except I'd feel happy paying more than sale price.One Way Heroics is a rouge-like game kinda like a Mystery Dungeon game, except you're not stuck in a dungeon and have a randomly generated world to explore. Except with one twist: There's Darkness to the left. And it endlessly creeps up on you. And if you fall in it, you're dead! So you're stuck going to the right. And there's monsters out there, too, so remain on guard! Of course, there's helpful stuff out there, too!One Way Heroics is kinda tough at first, but it gets easier as you go along, unlock classes, and generally get an idea of what to do. And it's alright if you mess up after you got some cool item, because after you die or clear you game, you're allowed to put items into the Dimensional Vault, to use them on another run. You've got limited space, though, so until you're heroic enough to expand it, watch how you use it!I had a lot of fun with this game, and I only spent 87 cents on it! So it's a definite recommendation from me."
,Recommended,266210,31619126,Posted: 7 May,all,agriba,"Combining old school rpg visuals and feel with a rouge like creates One Way Heroics, a very fun and distinct game in the Rogue like genre.You pick a character, level up, and traverse the map one turn at a time (most of the time very very fast turns) as you try to reach the end and beat the dark lord.  With several classess, weapons, and ways to play, the game manages to have a lot of variety.  In addition, the out of game level up system lets you become stronger with every game you play and is a great addition.The only warning here is Rogue like.  This game is first and foremost a rogue like.  If you like rogue likes you are golden.  If you like old timey RPGs but hate rogue likes it wont matter; you won't like this game.With all that said, its a very fun game that can be played in long goes or short bursts.  There really isnt anything here not to like if you are a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,266210,9302633,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ossisaverni,"So great game!Nice music, so much fun and replayability, random encounters and items.And for a low price.It's a must to own if you like roguelike games with a classic Japanese style."
,Recommended,266210,14954332,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,a_big_favor,"Very solid rougelike. Not hard to beat the easiest of easy mode which is good and provides great difficulty in beating the hardest with lots of milestones inbetween.Great strategy, simple control scheme so you can play with a controller easily,"
,Recommended,266210,15288931,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,rotinaj,Best $3.50 I've spent in my life
,Recommended,266210,16491065,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lowen,Addictive and fun. This game is a steal even at regular price
76561198089514073,Recommended,266210,11121542,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Shades,"This game is worth buying for anyone who enjoys roguelike and Dragon Warrior style games. Multiple class options, upgradeable vault, and the ability to choose my own RNG seed in the form of a dimension name means that you can go back and explore a world multiple times."
,Recommended,266210,9327534,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Big Boom Boom,Fun little timed roguelike JRPG.
,Recommended,266210,14048625,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Amig,A relatively simple yet extremely fun roguelike cRPG with plenty of features to unlock and secrets to uncover. For 2.99 it's a steal. Highly recommended.
76561197995379071,Recommended,266210,14932951,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,ShuShu,"I bought this game not expecting too much for the price tag *insert subliminal buy now message*. Maybe a couple of hours fun or an atrasfomany like so many others. You know? The type of game where you take a break from a big game just to break the pace a bit? It has that quality sure. But never did I expect the amount of content, replayability and just plain fun I have had with this game so far. I haven't even tried out harder difficulties and many of the classes I have yet to unlock! I'll tell you about some time spent in game.I played this a bit on my own and a friend said it looked interesting. So I got it for him...the price is too good *insert subliminal buy now message* and Smoking Wolf deserves it for the excellent work!This game isn't co-op but we chose the same map to kinda compete and help each other out.We got into the same map. A nice, easy, stroll in the park difficulty map for his first time. He chose the Swordmaster class and I choose the Force user. Me being all experienced from my 2-3 hours game time, ran off looking for treasures, things to kill and xp.While happily one shotting every thing (first time Force user class...dayum) he asks some questions about the mechanics, the tutorial isn't great but you can figure most things out.I run into a Carzy Dragon knight, or something simliar, whom I one shot with glee because these guys are tough and I've died to them many times!Meanwhile my friend runs around, way behind, having a grand time. Some time passes.Suddenly he yells:""Oh **** that guy just killed me!""Me: ""What? Who killed you?""Him: ""Some guy in a building! What the hell!? He just killed me in one hit!""Me: ""Huh? Where? All these creeps are pretty basic. Noob! Thought you had this old gamer style!? Hahahahaha!""We pride ourselves on being born gamers (another way of saying we are getting old), because we do well or above average in most games, having played games since the first Commodores. So if a game is hard or we fail our pride takes quite a hit.Him: ""Some green dude in building with chests. What the ****!? Such BS...""Realization dawns. Fail friend...Me: ""Hahahahaa! Sorry dude forgot to tell you those green dragon knight guys are very tough! I had no problem. Just one shot them muehehehehehe.""With his fail run of the map he somehow managed to unlock the Adventurer class and decides to try it out on the same map.Him: ""Ok so screw that place, Ima go ova mere."" Apologies...he actually talks like that.Him: ""OMF A ****ING BEAR!""NOOO!!""Me: ""Hahaahhaa a bear!? What the hell man, you have the worste luck!""Him: ""Noooo! He has friends!! They're chasing meeeee! They're chasing meeeeee!!! Aahhhh!""Just rofling at his attempts to run away from the killer bears. He dies horribly gain.Him: ""**** those bears. I'm gonna get them.""Me: ""Dude bears are sick, we don't even have gear or levels to kill them, just go take another route.""Him: ""Nah **** that. Them bears are going down!""Me: ""Psh, good luck fool.""He restarts.Him: ""Ok they're coming for me, gonna lead them to these guards.""Me: ""Could work, maybe.""im: ""Shweet! The guards did all the work for me! See I told you I'd get those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!""Me: ""Nice one. Now you can finally catch up. Sheesh you suck! You've only gone like 20km all this time. I'm almost to the Demon Lord.""Him: ""Oh my sweet cheesus balls...""Me: ""More bears?""Him: ""Duuuuuuude...""Me: ""What?""Him: ""Duuuuuuude...""Me: ""WHAT?!""Him: ""Duuuuuuude...I just picked up a Godslaying longsword....""Me: ""What the ****!? Where?"" <----already turning jelly.Him: ""From a Feral Dog! Hahaha! I just killed it and it dropped this! It has X and Y and OMFG check this Z out""Me: ""...""  -.-Him: ""Omg this thing is ridiculous! ###dmg in one hit! Gib, hahahahahah...gib, hahahahahaha!""Me: ""How the **** does that drop from a dog!?"" all jelly now, and greedy.Him: ""I dunno. You're s'posed to be the expert...gib, hahahahahaha!""Me: ""..."" full of jelly and careless.Me: ""**** I just died trying to open a stupid chest.""Him: ""The darkness?""Me: ""Yes the darkness.""Him: ""Noob. Gib, hahahahahah!""He dies later because he didn't watch his Hp and we decide that dimension YYOCIFHH  has beaten us...for now. But HE gets to take his Godslaying sword over to the next level if he wants...where is MY Godlsaying longsword?? Sorry. Still jelly he got it and I didn't.This is what I like about this game:Cool new map any time you want. Adventuring and never knowing what you might find.Leveling and getting loot...so much loot. I cry a little bit every time I have to drop an unidentified item.The mechanics and gameplay are simple but I think mastering each class will be a challenge.This is ""Roguelike"" to a degree but far enough away to not make it grindy, repetitive and boring after 20 games.I never expected this to become one the games I regard with this much respect.So grab it! *insert subliminal buy now message* You won't regret spending a penny.Thanks for reading and thanks for a cool game Mr Wolf!"
,Recommended,266210,12338409,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Cautionary Tale,I would rather die than go left.
76561198032072349,Recommended,266210,23352021,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TayburrFripper,"if this game had been released back on the NES, it'd be considered a legend of the day along with FF and Zelda franchises."
76561197990080937,Recommended,266210,24610078,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,A Phooph!,"The game's great and very, very unique, but there's some serious UI / HUD issues that need addressing. The game's super cluttered with a lot of unnecessary junk and the menus are so hard to follow. There are definitely ways to make this game look more charming and polished while still keeping that old-school 8-bit feel that they're going for. It makes it way, way, WAY too hard for new players to follow and is actually really off-putting. I had a lot of fun with playing the game, but the whole time I just couldn't overlook those two things due to just how annoying they were. Move the life and energy bars to the top corner, give them nice little borders, get rid of a lot of the unnecessary information like.. ""Made it to x place!"" and instead, just have a little notification pop up above your character when you're in game to say ""You've reached x place!"". There's a lot of junk that can be moved around or removed to open up the game and make it look nicer. The fact that there's a watermark in the top corner for the music creator is just absurd. Put that crap in the menu, NOT in game. Also, give the same treatment to the menus. Clean them up and make things easier to understand for new players. Once that's done, the game will be great."
,Recommended,266210,11697773,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Mr. Oh Yeah,"I have played a decent amount of this game, and I think it is time to write a review. One Way Heroics may not seem much as it is an RPG game, but once you get into it, you will fall in love with it. The first thing you may notice of the game is the music. The music practically sets it apart from other RPG or any other games in general. The music is the emotion of the game. The story is pretty interesting too, and the whole time you have to run away from the looming darkness. That is where the name comes from, since you can only go in one way or direction. The last thing I have to say about this amazing game is: The difficulty. This game is not easy at all, you will die many times. Sure, you may rage quit, but this game will draw you back. It is different everytime you play it.To sum all things up, get the game. The money is worth it, and you will enjoy playing it."
,Recommended,266210,9309352,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ciru,"This game is so freakin fun, i love the replayability and how you can unlock pets or different characters by playing the game over or coming across different events in the game, highly recommended, but this, it doesnt cost much, its worth it.also as for the whole darkness overwhelming you and stuff, time doesnt move unless your character moves, its not real time it is still actually turned based theres just no end turn button, it moves like an rpg, so much fun."
76561198020534387,Recommended,266210,23083998,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,estgare,Love this game. Wish they had a Mac version.
,Recommended,266210,9311410,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sham,"The game is exactly what it says on the tin, it's a procedurally generated RPG-roguelike where you can go where you want, pick special challenges, unlock classes to play with and suck less with each time, if the RNG approves of it by giving you nice (or not-so-nice) things.What makes it excellent compared to most other roguelikes is the actual J-RPG feel, quick pace, and variety of challenges you face as you level onwards. I can't think of another game where I can be a swordsman that beats the final boss with just overly buffed plate armour."
76561198025172018,Recommended,266210,23154455,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Erytas,"I gave it a quick shot, it's decent."
,Recommended,266210,13302986,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,kirtanloorii,"The first thing that I noticed about this game was that it reminds me of the very first Final Fantasy, both in terms of looks and sound. Although, it plays nothing like it. Simply put, you travel in one direction (east) to avoid being consumed by the darkness that chases you. Meanwhile, you are fighting monsters and collecting treasure and visiting every little settlement along the way. You will die often, but that is kind of the point. You collect points at the end of your adventure so that you can upgrade your character. Thats about it. I paid about $0.30 for this game during a major sale, and I think it was a good deal. But I don't see myself playing this game very long. About an hour was enough for me. Then again, I have spent more money on steam trading cards than I did on this game, so no complaints here."
76561198014913462,Recommended,266210,9305529,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Illimitus,"A buy at 2.99.This game is easy to learn, hard to master. It rewards perserverence.I would call on the developer to continue to market their game and to improve it, XBOX 360 wireless controls were a little iffy, especially considering that the sprites are small on the screen.Finally, at first glance this is a RPGMaker cloneware, but there is something existential about the ever aproaching darkness that gives the game a deeper meaning, while it remains entertaining. Dare we call it art?A great pick up for a weekend (I bought a pineapple more expensive than this game, and while it was a good pine apple, the game will be  with me longer...)cheap enough to be a good gift as well."
,Recommended,266210,9564237,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Clesphere,"Well, im waiting for DayZ to update, so i might as well give a review for this game.This is a ""end-of-the-world-as-you-know-it-game"" the player takes the place of a little anime dude who runs right, up, or down, you can not go left or the darkness will kill you. This game is great, the only missing option is multiplayer. There is a multiplayer option, however it only lets you see where other players died last, not interact, fight, or trade. There are mmultiple ways to spend the points you get after a play through, however, the development process of more is probobly going to take some time. i chucked a rock at an imp 11/10"
,Recommended,266210,9622501,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Ћ Abomination Jones,I can't believe they've made a game that is more 'hold right to win' than Sonic.
76561198008627277,Recommended,266210,22915591,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TheRanchMonster,"Totally worth getting on sale, fun enough to sit back and play with not much thought or commitment"
,Recommended,266210,22929368,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ron Mexico,"This game is awesome!  I've wated countless hours on this game, and is one of my all time favoritesEnjoy this strangely original game"
,Recommended,266210,22858452,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Anj,An innovative side-scrolling fantasy party-based RPG with replay value. Worth your time.
,Recommended,266210,22963304,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Luhaan,"I usually don't go for these kinds of games, but this was on sale so I bought it and Plus. It was totally worth it too. This game is much more in-depth than I expected, and this is the kind of game that I can see myself spending countless hours on when I'm bored. This game is a low-spec RPG so even if you have a crappy PC you can run it. One of my favorite PC games of all time."
76561198026117887,Recommended,266210,22882319,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Catius trzepie PERSKIE DYWANY,"At the very beginning this game can be little irritating - especially for me, since I've never played in the game like this. But after only a few hours I'm astonished by One Way Hereoics and I can recommend it with all my heart. Definitely worth spending some money and time."
76561198114663088,Recommended,266210,22920520,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,A Completely Unsuspicious Hat,"HOnestly, this game is probably one of the best games I've played in a long while. Dont let my hours fool you, I've played countless hours of this game offline and something to help me gleefuly pass time in class. Without a doubt a game I suggest to many RPG fans, and all those just wishing to just enjoy a really cool story"
,Recommended,266210,22955728,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Danny Internets,I've been recommending this gem of a game to everyone I know who is even remotely interested. It's a simple game that is challenging and has almost endless replayability with a considerably deep content base. And the music is great. This is the kind of game where you intend to sit down and play casually for a few minutes and suddenly two hours have gone by.
,Recommended,266210,22957565,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,A93ntZ3r0,"A true masterpiece!The gameplay style reminded me about a very old game made for Sega Mega Drive called Fatal Labyrinth™ ""also available on Steam"", plus a unique gameplay mechanics / ideas of it's own.Tons of replayability is guaranteed :)I bought it on sale for 25% of it's full price, but would be a catch even if bought off sale :)"
76561198100981453,Recommended,266210,23049742,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kadulikan,"Charming, original, replayable, and it's even got multiplayer. And for those confused as to why the ""final boss"" doesn't take long to beat on normal, there are way more endings to find. You just need to look for them."
,Recommended,266210,17885323,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Disastercake,"Curator Page:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/disastercake#curationA fun and unique RPG where you are constantly moving to the right, running from a consuming evil from the left, to grow in power and defeat the evil lord that eventually appears to stop your progress.Note that when the evil lord DOES appear, it will be too early for you to face him head on.  Your goal is to find ways to slow him down and whittle away his huge HP while still moving right to eventually grow in power to defeat him.A very challenging, simple, and fun indie experience."
,Recommended,266210,12668501,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,BadassFreeman,"I got this game on a sale, long time ago, for a dumb and extremely low price, something like half an euro, or even less. To tell you the truth, for such a price, I was expecting something horrible, dreadful, like an 8-bit Ride to Hell. Did I got surprised? Yeah! Buuuuuuut as usual, let me explain the BAD things the game has first, so we can take them out of the way:The game is kind of short. Of course, for such a price, you can understand it, so it's not that big of a deal. Besides, this is a Rogue-like game, and rogue-like games are usually short, but change in every playthrough, this is no different from the standard on that regard.The other thing that I did not like at all, is the lack of multiplayer. This game had such extreme potential for a Coop experience, but instead you can play the same randomly generated world at the same time as one of your friends, to see who goes further...INSTEAD OF PLAYING TOGETHER, AND HAVING FUN! I was indeed dissapointed by that, by looking at the captures of some friends that got the game, and by looking at the pictures and videos of the Steam-Store, I was expecting to play at least with one friend in a journey to save the world by punching demons on their d#cks.  You know, the usual.Now, let's talk about the GOOD stuff, pretty much everything else. As I said, it's a Rogue-Like. At the start of the playthrough you select the kind of character you desire to control, and special skills for you: You want to be fast? You want to be strong? You want to use magic? You want to start with a companion? You want to start with insane amoutns of gold? It's your choice, and it's indeed well made. I really did enjoy starting in different ways, and testing different strategies.The game pretty much goes like this: The world is being taken out by some sort of ""Dark Sonic Boom"" (Damn Obama, he stole that from Guille!), and ANYTHING NEAR THE LEFT SIDE OF THE SCREEN IS F#CKED. Your goal is to travel to the right, getting stronger, surviving the wilds, getting better gear, meeting other people, saving lives, and if you get far enough, saving the world. It might sound simple enough, but the game mechanics make this journey, a journey to remember: First of all, you have to eat, or your character will get tired. Sounds easy enough? Well, there's not that many free food out there, so you have to make sure to visit any Inn or Town and get supplies before they got suck up into Oblivion (I bet that portal leads to Obama's #sshole, NOW THAT'S ONE SICK WAY TO END UP DEAD). Not only that, but your equipment won't last forever. Your stuff has limited use, for example, 100 uses on a sword. Once you swing it for the 100th time, the thing breaks, and it's lost forever. There are ways to repair it and make it last longer, but you should make sure to AT LEAST CARRY 1 BACKUP WEAPON. Infact, I always try to carry at least 3 weapons on myself. And armor? HAH, THOSE THINGS BREAK TOO, SHIELDS INCLUDED! You're far pass f#cked on these lands, specially later on when enemies start to get dangerous!For a cheap game, there's a lot of fun to be had in this game, and I do recommend it. The game is worth 3€ WITHOUT sales, and that's already cheap enough, on sales it usually lowers to 1€ or so. It's up to you to buy it or not, but I do recommend that you give it a try."
,Recommended,266210,14956179,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Hawaii Desu ♥,A really nice game. I really liked the concept of the game. In my opinion it was worth the money.
,Recommended,266210,14683549,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,MΛѕн ░▒▓(~‾ З ‾)~,"1v1'd the Demon King, got everyone banished to the shadow realm #rekt"
76561197981722014,Recommended,266210,14894046,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Paxor,Love at first sight. <3Best 74 cents iw ever spent.
,Recommended,266210,15007628,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Bogus,"I admit that I have not played very many roguelike games, but this is one of my favorites because I feel like I am becoming stronger after every game."
76561198043035553,Recommended,266210,15014623,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,joshualenmuller,"Definitely a fun way to kill 5-30 minutes. I've never felt like a death in this game was anyone's fault except my own. Pretty easy to pick up, though I'd recommend reading up on the game a little after you've played through a few games."
,Recommended,266210,15555637,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,krye5,"Wow! I must say I""m not usually the Roguelike kind of guy.  But this game has been FUN in just the few hours I've put into it.  It's pretty nifty trial and error on some things but for the most part it's understandable in how the mechanics play out.I will spoil 2 things for you though:1) Use the mountains to lose monsters that are chasing you (make sure you remember you can move diagonally.2) Use axes on wooden walls.  Great way to get out of a bad building.Please give this one a shot.  Totally fun!"
76561198067631940,Recommended,266210,16276238,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,SquareEnixFanboy,"The game is really cool for 1$ (on sale), features some mechanics similar to Rogue Legacy and The binding of Isaac, feels like Pokemon mystery dungeon games and less complicated, and short. Play it if you want to try a new type of rouge-like games."
,Recommended,266210,16296397,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Noire,Burnt myself reading10/10 won't read♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Recommended,266210,14820240,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,xXiisHiTDiCkxixMcFaGgYbALLs,"A nice and relaxing 'side stroller' game, has some great RPG elements."
,Recommended,266210,14881911,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Pharaoh_Sensei,I never thought I would love grinding this much :)
,Recommended,266210,14961483,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,islami salami,"An interesting take on the genre, but a wordy tutorial which I'm not a fan of. The art and style is amazing! It could be a bit confusing to beginners just starting out, and there is a lot of upgrading and inventory stuff to get to grips with. Overall, an excellent game, which I enjoy when I play it."
,Recommended,266210,15364229,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Remilia,"I love everything that it's hidden behind the simple mechanics of this game, specially because the best part of the game is discovering all those things by yourself.You should try it without a single doubt. It isn't expensive, so if you don't like it you won't lose much money."
76561197975784860,Recommended,266210,15532588,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,annihiluzz,"great music, fun gameplay, only 1$why won't you try it?"
,Recommended,266210,16007758,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Blitz,"I really didn't expect much going into this game - it was cheap, and I didn't even attempt to play it for a few months after buying it.  After giving it a shot, I can say it's a breath of fresh air in terms of innovating on some ancient gameplay ideas.  The design of the game keeps you moving, so it's fast-paced and very replayable.  The controller support is a great touch.  There are quite a few levels of difficulty though I haven't experienced any of the more advanced stuff myself yet.  If you're looking for a game that's worth a few bucks, this is a nice addition to your library."
,Recommended,266210,14375266,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kenvdsar,"One Way Heroics:8/10+ Very Challenging, i recommend to do Easy (Walk in the park) if you don't know how to play, or if you're just bad in Gaming.+ Amazing RPG/Turn Based Game.+ Really worth these 3 euros.- Very Simple Story. World is in danger -> go save the world -> kill monsters -> kill boss -> you win- Short Game if you know how to play.I really recommend this game if you are a fan of RPG/ Turn based games, and if you're not a fan of that, then i still recommend to check it out.it's really worth the 3 euros.Played it for ~1-2 hour and finished the game on my Third Attempt after that i wrote this, was kinda sad it was pretty easy to finish the game.But yea, i did Easy mode, and all the other difficulties are really hard to beat.I approve this game, and im glad it's in my Library :)"
,Recommended,266210,16178018,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ChiLLe,Great game. Buy it.
,Recommended,266210,16362323,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,xCROOKEDx,"I bought it yesterday on sale for $0.95 after tax. I have put 6 hours in it already, and plan to put many more. It is absolutely fantastic. This is easily among the best rogue-likes/lites on Steam, and definitely is worth your money. A typical play-session lasts from 20 minutes to an hour. However, It's not perfect (let's be real, though - no game is). An ugly and unkempt UI really mars the conveyance of information. The sprites, tiles, and default resolution could all be larger with more animation for better visuals on larger monitors - pixel shaders would also help quite a bit. The default keyboard controls are not that good, and dpads on joysticks don't seem to be supported."
,Recommended,266210,16559690,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Perrin,cute fun little game...more addicting than I was expecting.
,Recommended,266210,16563832,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cernunnos,"Random generation (=exploration and looting), retro RPG style and music, contect unlockable as you play more and more, fun mechanics. While not incredibly complex, really, the game is very much worth it for that price.What's not to like?"
,Recommended,266210,16837410,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SkizzBr0,The only downside is that there's no sexy maid pic.
76561198018221621,Recommended,266210,12096042,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,LambdaDelta,Better than Skyrim10/10
,Recommended,266210,14439041,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Fc_Asterope,"It has been on my wish list for quite a while, and I just bought it with full price simply because I don't wan to wait any longer for the next sale. It's just a few bucks, not a problem if you give up your soda for a few days. Anyway, I'd say that this game totally worth the price, and here I strongly recommend it to RPG and Rogue-like lovers. BTW, it gets pretty cheap during a sale so you can probably wait if you're patient enough.20/10 You won't regret to own this game in your library."
,Recommended,266210,15318386,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,KrayZJ,"Cool game, didn't take long to beat... at all. But it's the replay value that counts. Unfortunantly I wasn't too keen on replaying this since I beat it on my first run. Still an awesome concept and really fun to play!"
76561198191203887,Recommended,266210,15735091,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Peashy Master Race,"Simple but fun, and EXTREMELY ADDICTING. There are plenty of classes and perks to choose from and experiment with. Well worth the price, especially if you get it on sale."
,Recommended,266210,15848388,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Fawie42,"Alright drink my potion, step right, pick up this sword, step right, use a scroll of identifying, step right, find out sword is useless, chuck it at an enemy, step right. The game is a bit more than just that but it's the basic jist. I really enjoy coming back to this game every now and then. It's not a ""hardcore put 27 hours into it in one night"" kinda game. It's more of a ""pick-up and run a few times"" game. Eventually you'll get used to it and with infinite map possibilities there's always a new area explore or a new NPC to meet. Plus every run is unique with items and random events."
,Recommended,266210,16280869,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Forghetti,"Made my fairy all pouty.11/10Edit - Jokes aside, one of the best JRPG's I've played in my life, and that means a lot. The game balance is very well done, gameplay is fun, music makes me want to cri, and story actually made me cry."
76561198065652003,Recommended,266210,17037110,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Zyvern,Left badRight goodOr was it the other way around?
,Recommended,266210,25576317,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Mayo The Condiment,"Great game - good style, quick playthroughs, beatable!  A"
76561198064973882,Recommended,266210,18164407,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Ulmo,- Pick the Hero class- Kill everything in your path- Get naked- Have a bad feeling- Eat Naya Fruit- Sense Demon Lord approaching- Demon Lord appears- Fight Demon Lord while naked- Almost winning the battle- Strong enemies appear and kill the f*** out of you11/10 would die again
,Recommended,266210,14505214,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Elly-chan,"Pretty fun game, you go in one direction and acquire levels and items to defeat the big bad guy. You can unlock different classes and save a few items each playthrough, it tracks some of your highscores from each playthrough.Its a roguelike and when your character dies thats it, so be careful but quick cause every step you take dooms another column of the world to death and you gotta get booking it cause its on your heels."
,Recommended,266210,13659073,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,alienfreek,The best 50 cents I ever spent.
,Recommended,266210,19312392,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SealeySean15,"i was caught off gaurd on how amazing this game is, i saw it was on sell for 87 cents so i gave it a shot and it was worth the money, it is a rpg that is fast paced and is diffrent every run so it stays new.i would recommend this game to people that are new to rpg games, it is simple to learn and fun to play"
,Recommended,266210,16490330,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zeemond,"A game with nearly endless replayability! why you ask? because even if you did everything there is to do, and trust me when i say its not easy, is that there is also a best score run to beat for every class, from your own run, along with notes from other players if the online option is on. Every run can be customised with classes, items you carry along from one run to another and even allies. The game plays as a mix of a dungeoncrawler rpg and a game such as.. Dwarf Fortress adventure mode. The game is a rogue-like that offers constant pressure on the character and will keep you invested and playing for a while."
,Recommended,266210,16381311,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Klokinator,"When I first saw this on the store, my immediate reaction was ""Oh look some crappy RPG maker game. This is gonna suck"" and my second reaction was ""BUT IT'S ONLY $0.87 AND WITH A 96% POSITIVE RATING WHY NOT?!""This game is great. Incredibly addicting, very strategic, and insanely replayable. Easily my new favorite game. Belongs right up there with classics like Terraria, Binding of Isaac, and FTL. Definitely get this game. Buy a 20 pack."
76561198041918390,Recommended,266210,18451448,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,radkid10,the game definitely worth buying I bought it when it was $0.25 and it's definitely worth morethe game will keep you busy for hours too bad I already unlocked everythingI'm hoping for more DLC for this game
76561197992968445,Recommended,266210,9327653,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Shiny BOOT,"Rogue like with lots of snes era jrpg nostalgia baked in, lots of classes/perks/abilities to unlock giving it loads of replayabilityIf you playd anything like FTL, Rogue Legacy, or BoI you should like this game, also an amazing soundtrack that is very nostalgic of old school snes Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger style musicThis is one of those games that costs you a penny (less than $3 at the writing of this post) but can give you upwards of 70 hours of gameplay depending on how much you get into unlocking all the classes and stuffFor a price that low, I say, give it a go"
76561198126111404,Recommended,266210,9579945,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Thionite,"An excellent roguelike-like. Not much to look at, but that's not really what the genre is about."
,Recommended,266210,9305778,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,BottomFeeder,"This game is amazing. I may try and cover it more thoroughly in the future, but there are so many systems working in harmony to cover It's daunting to consider reviewing the game. The playtime I will recieve from this game for the price I paid is ludicrous.Thanks makers!"
,Recommended,266210,14057869,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Qwertion,"Best game ever. Simple plot synopsis+great soundtrack+simple, but engaging mechanics+ridiculously low price= OWH. 10/10. Played 20+ hours already, but still going for achivements and secret ending. For these money you'll get more, than from the most of 50$+ AAA titles."
,Recommended,266210,9299277,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"A game that puts you to the test in every press of time and action.  This game puts you think not only about stock, but the matter of stats in what you have. Tthe game provides a good random world generation and fun little remarks along the way with each playthrough. However at the end, they provide advice, help, tips, and tricks that will help you in your next playthrough. The points you obtain after each playthrough are put to the end game to help you decide if you want to unlock a class, perk, or add items to a dimensional vault. With that said, the game provides entertainment. I give it a 5 out of 5 in my opinion for keeping it good paced, makes me go back for more. If to put it accurately on scale, It would be nice if would be a 4.8 out of 5 because of some things such as the matter of certain monsters. Nonetheless even if it is a ""walk in the park"" mode, each playthrough in each world provides an experience unique. I found it quite entertaining and enthralling. However at points can get mad because of the fact of certain options, do yo wanna save now and lose 5 levels. I think not, however as you play more and more throughout you get more info around the world and develop more points that add up. Rack them all up and bonuses appear on skills and perks. Eventually you will obtain a nice amount and make your experience turn. I hate to admit it but dying in this game sort of helps you out.  Reminds me of other games and concepts. Nonetheless great game  I recommend for those interested in a fun highly replayable and growing game. It's something that is quite indulging. I took the time going through the npcs, areas, while running for my life against that horde. Yet I feel bad everytime I think about some of them. Nonetheless as some say, you realize what really matters or what you have to do when it is about to be gone in your life. Still this game adds quite the element on point of classes. They give you each specifics with bonuses and will help you understand how you want to play if you choose this. There are as many worlds you can make and use as long as you keep trying. Been playing at odds and ends with it in my first world since I got it. I got highly addicted."
,Recommended,266210,9294026,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Velkyn,"Very challenging, really great content."
,Recommended,266210,12574619,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Sale-chan is best waifu,10/10 would see Frieda again.
,Recommended,266210,14726826,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,"•cC• Chen, Honkifex Maximus",I killed and then ate an entire bear.8/10 would eat bears again
,Recommended,266210,15152341,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Count Akkula,"Rougelike is code for ""the game will punish you by making you start over again until you learn about everything that can kill you--by having everything kill you.""Even so it's lots of instantaneous fun and I even managed to clear my first attempt."
,Recommended,266210,14674705,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Rim,"One way heroics is a great rogue-like turn-based quasi-tactical rpg.It's hard to label this game as any one specific catagory, but it's ideal is apparent.This game is all about strategy, and uses a grid-based platform.If you are a fan of fire emblem style gameplay, you may like this game.The second element is more of a rough and tumble type of turn-based rogue-like battle system.First you choose your action, then all other actions occur after your action, then time moves foreward and stops when it comes back to your turn. It's a very simple, yet complex system as there are a multitude of effects to change the style that you play. (examples: combos, criticals, ranged, meditation, throwables, etc etc)Another huge aspect, which I believe carries this game to a better aspect, is it's music.While the volume isn't always properly adjusted for some of the areas, the music is still great for every single area/theme in the game.also I swear I heard guile's theme...In addition to to having great music, the effort they put into the smaller details in the game, such as character interaction and ending sequences, goes to show how much they actually cared for the game. This is something more developers need to do.I would give this game a solid 9/10.-1 point for including hippy tree huggers."
,Recommended,266210,25681860,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Chetfreeze,I really like this game for its great soundtrack and simple but really fun gameplay. It has alot of replayability.
,Recommended,266210,23030837,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Dah Console,"Start = Bunch of rekting. No, you get rekt not the enemy.Mid = Ayyy lmao. 50/50 chance. Will we make it halfway or we ♥♥♥♥ing get rekt by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Late = Ay demon lord, time to rekty u. *dies a bunch*Much Late = Kills demon lord. Wow that was easy. Why was I such a nub♥♥♥♥♥in the start.Very Late = oh kek. there is more. dragonballz. wait no.Much Very Late = ay lmao. lets just get every achievement. *never does*"
76561198111970461,Recommended,266210,28025340,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Crovaxx,10/10 would talk to town folk while naked again
,Recommended,266210,9319303,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Halko,While its not a terribly deep or complex game its fun.
,Recommended,266210,14328062,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Lutefisk,meh
76561198084730922,Recommended,266210,12783555,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Tiger Samurai 42000,"Nice hardcore rpgThe game looks very innocent but has a brutal difficulty,and is in many ways a unique game in the dungeon crawler genre.7.4/10"
,Recommended,266210,12713354,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Party Favor,"A fun time killer, got hooked just trying to be better at the game."
,Recommended,266210,12693603,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ravenail,Well...Pros:>Unique gameplay>Long playtime (but sometimes i hate this kind of game)>Challanging enemy>The artwork and story>Its cheap!Cons:>(Sometimes)It's frustating>Some area is annoying>The music
,Recommended,266210,22209609,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Croy,Liked: roguelight RPG elementsDisliked: anime
,Recommended,266210,14426661,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ManaBrave,"Overall    :   7.5The game overall is very simple, straight forward, yet incredibly complex all at once.  This game uses the ""Inheritance"" system, where as you level though the game, you will gain attributes/abilities from one save to the next.  Because of this, every playthrough is new, and every time you make a character, you can choose to continue with the gear you had (or have) or start fresh.  If you are a fan of rogue likes, you should give this a try.Graphics   :   7The rogue style game really has nothing that 'stands out'.  Simply put though, if you play rogue games for graphics, you are probably looking in the wrong genre.Sound       :  9The music and sound effects for the game are astounding.  They really add to the look and feel of the game as you are moving through the world.Storyline    :  6I can't really comment too much on the storyline, as I keep dieing before I get to a boss fight, but the general theory of running away from a mist that is chasing you that destroys all feels very similar to FTL, but with a very awesome roguelike style.Presentation:  6The games graphics and menus work well, are very easy to use.  The only reason I can not give this an 8 is because while there is localization for controllers, the UI does not reflect that you have a controller plugged in and are using it.  Often when I first started playing I had to push the buttons to figure out what did what.  This cost some turns and a few deaths (although kind of funny).Replayability:  10Every playthough gets better and better, this game is incredibily addictive and has an extreme level of enjoyment with each playthroughContent         :  7There are adequate skills/classes/weapons and status to engate a truely unique rogue like expreience."
,Recommended,266210,16890363,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,jeremejazz,This is the game you're gonna keep on playing over and over again.. Something kinda like a 2D Snes Infinity blade
,Recommended,266210,16841563,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Chrommanito,"""Um.. You can do whatever to my body, okay?"" I haven't stop fantasizing ever since I read that dialogue from King Victor's daughter."
,Recommended,266210,14952765,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ACE IRONLUNGS,"You go right.But it's like, really good."
,Recommended,266210,32164350,Posted: 3 June,all,IcyCyborg,Just like the old Mario games where you can't go left except more of an emphasis on that and it's a rpg forcing you to move forward.
,Recommended,266210,9299371,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,twitch.tv/im_lights,♥♥♥♥ing Amazing.
,Recommended,266210,22851421,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,A palistinian ☭stone☭thrower,"SUCK IT PETA, I ROAST YOUR ANIMALS DAILY.jade hunter one hit meLesson of the day, DONT ♥♥♥♥ WITH PETA."
76561197964216684,Recommended,266210,16551507,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,AzureDraco,One way heroics is very good game if you compare it to the price tag. Game has several replay values as you try out different heroes and game modes. If you are interested in small game with simple game mechanics then this is for you!
,Recommended,266210,28231710,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,BludStanes,Very original roguelite with TONS of replayability and lots of variety. Have fun.
76561198142051895,Recommended,266210,24715755,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,The X-Factor,This game is a mix between a Mystery Dungeon game and those auto levels on Mario. The HUD and menus don't look very good but it is a fun game. Deffenitly worth its price very low price.
76561198078052920,Recommended,266210,24773504,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Lynx,Good.
,Recommended,266210,16928219,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Kayana,"Very addicting, cute and hilarious. Some online connectivity but very limited. When the game said it had online features I thought it meant you could have a party for a single instance at least but the closest you get is a leaderboard and ghosts of the dead players. Hopefully this can be expanded a little at least. Otherwise, I've thoroughly enjoyed playing hours at a time of this game, the replay value is worth it. And hopefully the upcoming DLC will not be more then twice the base price of the game...."
76561198013852696,Recommended,266210,28020535,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SilantTurtle,This game i find is a very enjoyable game.Not much else for me to say that others have not already said.
,Recommended,266210,16785880,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DEVO,"This is a fantastic game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,266210,18386540,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,degolfer222,"This is an amazing roguelike game. Just like any other, YOU WILL DIE the first few times you try. However, you will eventually get the hang of it, and be able to survive just about any situation. For example: I recently got the plus version, and in it they added a couple new biomes and new items. One new biome is an ocean area, where there is a very large area of water. Water takes 5 times as long to navigate as dry land, and this is a major issue with the darkness chasing you. What made the area worse is that the Demon Lord (powerful boss) spawned for me right after I found the ocean. I fought for a while, before I realized I was screwed if I kept fighting. I was trapped between a very powerful enemy and an ocean that would cause my death. Luckily, I found an item that proved highly useful. Its called Magic Bridge. It forms a bridge that extends to 15 tiles in front of you. I used it over the ocean, and managed to run away for a little while, and heal. However, the bridge wasnt long enough to make it all the way over. So I was trapped once again. However, through strategic item, skill, and using my followers as bodyguards, I was able to get him down to about 10% hp. However, I couldnt survive another hit. I thought to myself ""How can I possibly survive?"" I was skimming my skills, and I noticed I had one more awakening left. Awakening is a skill that freezes time for 3 turns. However, you can only use it 5 times a playthrough. I used it. And on the last turn of the awakening, I managed to finish him off. It was the single most intense moment of my One Way Heroics life.I highly advise that you get this game, and the Plus version. Easily worth the money. And with time, Im sure you too will overcome impossible odds!"
76561198042325945,Recommended,266210,9308148,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,LTC Peace Corps,"Fun game, 5 min at a time.I've played for a short while now and have noticed that it crashes after a 10min game. I'm using windows 8 and don't know if this is the issue.It's entertaining while it's working."
,Recommended,266210,15603428,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Tunloink,I was swallowed by the darkness.
,Recommended,266210,9296434,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Lord Charidarn,"Fantastic rogue-like: fast-paced and deep at the same time. Death is disheartening, but being able to carry things over to the next game makes it part of the process."
,Recommended,266210,22188950,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Totty,"This game's pretty great. Lot of similarities to Pokemon Mystery Dungeon, but anime pixels instead of Pokemon."
76561197962948833,Recommended,266210,13222444,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Propper Engrish,"Was very plesantly surprised by this little gem. It has elements that remind me of other great rogue lites but with its own very distinct twists and mechanics. Great replay, easy to get into. Definatly recomended for anyone who likesRogue legacy,Risk of rain,Binding of Isaac,Azure Dreams,Rogue likes in general."
,Recommended,266210,12835099,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,hiddencat,Brilliant game
76561198075207472,Recommended,266210,12836407,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Carlo,"This game is awesome, definitely worth getting!"
,Recommended,266210,13897371,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Fain,Simple but fun RPG
,Recommended,266210,10839469,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ebu,"For the sale price, absolutely a worthwhile buy.For $3.49? Nah."
,Recommended,266210,15086949,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Kaitorque,"Well its suprisingly good. A JRPG mix with rogue-like element which is hard combination in my opinion. But this game manage to make me sitting for several hours because of its simple game mechanic and addictive gameplay. The amount of replayable is very high as every dimension is different.Pros:-Satisfying mechanic-Great math mechanic need more information though through it UI-UI is not really tedious-Easy to play, it even has advice session which is very good-Great unique class with unique traits-Remind me of Pokemon Mystery Dungeon-Looting is satisfying-Sometime its humorCons-Need more class-Need more perk-Need more weapon-Nevermind its just need to add alot more stuff to this game and humorAs conclusion, One Way Heroics is fun little game which is not really that expensive. Simplistic but classic."
,Recommended,266210,18511224,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Melisa Grace,Gives me the option is jump into lava for no reason11/10
76561198117045023,Recommended,266210,23627685,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Macavity,fun
,Recommended,266210,11043687,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Dasij the dasdadonge of disdoges,"Liked it, not a really high amount of enemies, but it's really cool and worth it for a cheap game, i would buy it even if she were 10.00BRL(bought it for 2.00BRL)"
76561198057981365,Recommended,266210,24154382,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TacticGuardian,"At some point during this game, you would want to spoil yourself with the dialouge because you died to something. It has wonderful story.Gamplay wise, it really fun walking in one direction, fighting mobs, running away from the boss and hope that you find something good."
,Recommended,266210,11854257,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Drill Doggo,This is a really fun game with a lot of replayability. There are almost always more things to unlock or acheive.
,Recommended,266210,15600341,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kora Lionheart,"An amazing game.I was literally crying at somepoints...It has been a true pleasure playing this game, and I cannot wait for the Expansion!Thank you SmokingWOLF"
,Recommended,266210,15887547,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Alduin,"OMG,I can't stop playing this game when i bought it.This game will make you crazy when you play it!Trust me must try! Then you will never stop it.i rate it 10/10"
76561198046582920,Recommended,266210,11135876,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,BMFGiant,I love this game! So many ending's so much replay value. you have to beat the game with each class like 8 or so times to get a trophies/metal next to there class name. This game is worth much more then $3.49. i got it on sale for like $0.70 or so centsi would have payed $10 for it. if you love JRPG's this for you.
76561198044373031,Recommended,266210,15855935,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,mushroom,"A fun time-killer(pun intended).Not as fast paced as you think, but more of being careful as every step/move counts.gr8 gaem I r8 8/8"
76561198183909555,Recommended,266210,14911330,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Blockhead,"Big fan of rogue-like games, so at less than $1 to buy I had to try it out.  I was not disappointed!"
76561198003760901,Recommended,266210,10963248,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Doctor Quack,Real heroes get it done in half a minute. Masochists walk 2000 km.
76561198063641646,Recommended,266210,9492525,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Final Vent Card,"OWH is like Solitaire: you aren't guaranteed to beat every game, but you can play it off-and-on, learning its ins and outs until you learn how to overcome its many challenges. The presentation is workmanlike, but functional. The music is quaint. Overall, a good entry-level Rogue-like."
76561198040684302,Recommended,266210,11058062,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,گρяїפפąŋ: :ΞҲÍŁӘ,"Early review from a seasoned gamer--Very much enjoying this and haven't even tried multiplayer yet.  What a fun and clever experience.  It's got a good sense of time scaling with accomplishment and success.  There's always something new and if not, it's mixing things up big time for a unique and classic kind of fun.Pros-Movement systemSense of adventure and pressureRandom good funChallenging but not brutal, more cerebralI'm clever and it catches me making mistakes~Mid-No immediate or foreseen mod future, but in-game more than makes up for it and the developer is a  vicious one for it~Cons-No true sense of multiplayer, handled poorly and could use an intresting update in this departmentThe price is too low for how often it goes on sale and what sense of value it should have for itself, more of an ethical thing"
76561198325919733,Recommended,266210,25897182,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,creggh,"Decent graphics, fun and fairly original playstyle, some cool classes. All around a good purchase for the price."
,Recommended,266210,10924124,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Shinipi,Really fun rpg its funny when you die X3
,Recommended,266210,14385753,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,NoPotion,RECOMMENDED!!!!AT!!!!MAXIMUM!!!!LEVEL!!!!100/10
76561198074462158,Recommended,266210,19495628,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Frog,"The Pirate threw Clothes at the approaching Skeleton. The linen flew towards the alabaster ribcage, and upon contact caused Immediate Disintegration. 7.5/10 Game needs random building/map seeds BADLY."
76561198063026450,Recommended,266210,19150192,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ka.ho,Probably the best < $10 I've ever spent
76561198085285944,Recommended,266210,17233960,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dexsana,"I love this game, however I *really* wish the flaws werent so blistering.-Your weight limit is abysmal. You can literally start the game, pick up a SINGLE weapon and you're already overencumbered.- Your stat increases per level are completely random. You could literally get nothing but SP upgrades from Level 1 - 15 and you'd be just as weak as when you started.- The Identify System is unfair. Like I said earlier, your weight limit is terrible so, you end up picking up a Sword???, you have no idea what it is... and because the system is so unfair, odds are you wont Identify the weapon. You can't bring it with you because it's too heavy. It's just not fair. And considering Item Shops rarely have Apraisal Scrolls and an Apraiser is Expensive / Sometimes to Hard to Come by.... It's almost wiser to just ignore weapons.- You have no idea how powerful your enemies are. One Bat could be the easiest bat in the game and the next one could possibly 1 shot you. Who knows? It's not consistent. I wish it was.Now, all of these things by themselves are not bad... but put together, it's almost unforgiving how hard the game is.But still...The music is *amazing*.The gameplay is addictingAnd you have a Shared Loot system between games that helps you out.And I'd say it makes up for all that."
76561198084189372,Recommended,266210,25446805,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ky$A$teP,funny
,Recommended,266210,25195791,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bommer29,lots of fun
,Recommended,266210,25353947,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sad Now,I love this game
,Recommended,266210,25486744,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Snepsts | Team10 eSports,Actually really fun for the little money I spent on it.
76561198041866341,Recommended,266210,32598370,Posted: 20 June,all,Sinonyx,­
76561198004435703,Recommended,266210,17879388,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,CPU Black Heart,"This is the story of a Hunter who threw away his puny bow and picked up a super-manly Sharp Holy Axe Elizabeth+6. Because this item was guaranteed to deal critical damage when it hit the target, this Hunter managed to kill every enemy that came his way in one hit. Even golems and polar bears. As a result his level grew very rapidly. Soon he had a level above 30, even, and enough Strength to where he could carry several battleaxes and greatswords with ease. But it all went to his head. For his head, much like every other part of his body except for his massive beefcake arms, was puny and weak. So it was, when he got cocky and decided to break into the hold of the Dark Brotherhood (not THAT Dark Brotherhood), that he soon realized he could only kill one of them, before all the other members inside would shank him from all sides and kill him instantly. And so they did.That is the story of my... I wanna say my twelfth time playing through the game. I lost count, honestly. This game is wicked addictive. It's a really good buy if you're into rogue-likes and your computer is getting on in years or is otherwise not that strong. I play it on a laptop with Intel HD 3000 graphics and it runs 60fps solid at the highest detail settings.I want the expansion pack though... (sniff)"
,Recommended,266210,18709497,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,fri_freeman,"A perfect game to play in short (or multiple short) increments. You play a bit, die quickly (but not feeling too frustrated about it), then play again with the hope that you win this time, and who knows? You might win this time."
,Recommended,266210,28431973,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Weznon,One of the best roguelikes I've ever played. the ost is awesome too
76561198035589579,Recommended,266210,28831240,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Conall,Really well designed indie game at a phenomenal price.
76561197970360076,Recommended,266210,15508835,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,H311G0D #eznopc,I bought this game cause it was like 20 cents on but really this lovely piece of indie game is worth like 200times that pricethe music is beautiful i love the gamestyle i fully recommend this game for all rogue-like-lover out there
,Recommended,266210,21215702,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Samp98518,"Simple and fun. After only one run, I feel like getting it during the Steam Sale was a steal. Recommend this to everyone."
,Recommended,266210,21281446,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,NOXIOUSVEGETA,───────────────────████───────────────────█████───────────────────██████───────────────────███████──────────────────████████──────────────────████████─────────────────█████████────────────────█████████───────────────█████████──────────────█████████──────────────██████████████████────────────█████████████████████───────────███████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─█████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████
,Recommended,266210,20434847,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Heroicly Hero Benny,One Way Heroics is by far one of the greatest games Ive played it has tons of stuff to do its hard and you can replay it many many times.
76561198087916552,Recommended,266210,16686355,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jexie,"11/10First game, walked left, nailed it"
,Recommended,266210,16609990,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rogan,"A rouge-like/rpg hwhere you must keep moving to avoid the darkness (AKA the dark void of death).You first begin the game with the hero (you) selecting a class and a variety of perks to aid you on your quest. You can enter a randomly generated world or scenarios that change in real time. Depending on what mode you choose, the dark lord will appear at a certain time during your playthrough. You must defeat him to beat the game but this is no easy feat without proper equipment or items. Of course, there are dungeons and towns but you have to plan how to get in and out safely throughly without being eaten alive by the void. If you die on a playthrough, you can store items you had in the dimensional vault and use them on the next playthrough. You also accumulate hero points after each playthrough in which you can spend these points on extra vault space or hidden perks or classes for your next run. The amont of points you get depends on how well you did on your last playthrough.A nice, time-killing game overall with buckets full of replayability but try not to swim in lava. Can you reach the end of the world?"
76561198050808853,Recommended,266210,27377946,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,doom,there is never a good ending and you will never be freed from your burden.beautiful.
,Recommended,266210,27507697,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,McKreumel,"Great game to kill time with, worth all the money it costs"
,Recommended,266210,17500970,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,marisaaa,"I've slain werewolves, armored skeletons, bears, tigers, dragons andcrossdressing Demon Lordsbut I got murdered by a dog who bit me from the back.10/10 would get bit again"
,Recommended,266210,27413215,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Black Lives Don't Matter,p. good
,Recommended,266210,15213309,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ヲリイ,One of the best games ever. Amazing story and so much depth! 10/10 Will Always Play
76561198167008897,Recommended,266210,23909342,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,NinjaCat,It's less than a burrito from a food truck. Seriously. Skip a meal and buy the game.
,Recommended,266210,23890822,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BradleyDS2,Can play naked in game while naked for 2x the nakedness.10/10 would go naked again.
76561197970856695,Recommended,266210,23915570,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,austere,"This game is nothing short of amazing. The plus DLC is a must, I recommend starting on that to get the full experience, balance and story. It's a fairly typical rouge step up sans amulet but the mechanics are highly refined and the visuals minimal but quite adorable nonetheless."
,Recommended,266210,23647951,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ZacDaPenguin (Trading),Great game to play when waiting for something to download or load. Its great to play around for a while. 9/10
76561198039730794,Recommended,266210,23880452,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Keebler,"Fun game.  Hard or easy, you decide!  Enjoyed the humor and story.  :)"
76561198097552540,Recommended,266210,14871814,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,SlytherInDatAss,"This is the first game that I enjoyed enough from steam to write a review about!The gameplay itself is fairly simple, but the amount of depth that the creators managed to cram into this game is incredible. I would reccommend this game to all of my friends who are looking for a simple time killer. BE WARNED! You will get angry at this game!9/10"
,Recommended,266210,12385532,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,bigturd,its good stuff
,Recommended,266210,31433672,Posted: 29 April,all,Fascist Polarbear,"9/10, would build a door blocked by lava again."
,Recommended,266210,9295381,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Kuraku,"VERY fun game, already one of my favorites. :]"
76561198096416757,Recommended,266210,9296859,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Pixy,Quite enjoying it. for 3 bucks its a great buy.
,Recommended,266210,33990354,Posted: 3 August,all,phantomkirin,"I do honestly wish that this game could be available for Linux as well. Windows is such a pain, so running to Linux was the only way to save my sanity. But with games like this being only on windows, it makes me lament the fact that I can't play it now...It's a great game if you can stomach Windows 10, though."
,Recommended,266210,13631517,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JohnGee,
,Recommended,266210,13643391,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,quicksnap,Love the mechanics of this game!
76561198093420936,Recommended,266210,30398483,Posted: 8 March,all,gilgameshlore,I really enjoyed this cheap rogue like rpg game ^_^. Music was nice. Bit of humor. Very nice.
,Recommended,266210,11176284,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Skeledank,"This game combines three of the greatest things in video games, Turn Based Gaming, Role Play, and Side Scrolling, this game has no words to explain it, its worth the money, I promise"
,Recommended,266210,17686533,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hentai lover,hands down one of the best games ive spent my 0.87 cents on
,Recommended,266210,10815533,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Repartees,Great game
,Recommended,266210,24757842,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Top Nep,Definitely worth discount/full prince.So much replayability and rage.
,Recommended,266210,24763642,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Xenon (Xe),"Great RPG. Challenging yet not too hard at the start, and only gets harder."
76561198061824645,Recommended,266210,26073066,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,wesleto02,"Cute, short, rouge light game with progression and classes that get unlocked after every run through.Full price, maybe not. But on sale it's a nice little game to occupy your time."
76561198057135339,Recommended,266210,26229726,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,LPexodus17,A fun little game that you can spend thirty minutes on or a few hours. Definitely good fun.
76561198147640386,Recommended,266210,30107289,Posted: 22 February,all,Chen,Cheap for such a good game.It's not the best game ever but it gets interesting the more you play it.
,Recommended,266210,13132428,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Pidgeotto,"Like FTL, but as a medieval RPG.This game has a deceptive level of depth to it, especially for such a cheap game. What makes this roguelike different from most other roguelikes and yet similiar to FTL, is that there is an advancing wave of darkness that forces the screen to scroll to the right. If you fall into the darkness? You die, and thus you need to keep moving to the right to survive, hence the name of the game. You would think that something like that would leave very little room for story, and in a way you are correct. But there is actually a bit more plot than it appears on first glance and you will need multiple playthroughs to fully understand what is going on.The gameplay is mostly based around exploring, killing enemies and finding items while staying ahead of the scrolling wave. You need to find items to recover your energy, health and stamina, while also looking for weapons, armor, and enchantments. During this time the Demon Lord will occasionally pop in to try to kill you, and you either have to run from him, using whatever status effect items you have to slow him down, or finish him then and there. This sounds very simple on paper, but in practice it's actually a quite expansive resource and time management game, and you often need to plan your movements carefully to avoid getting killed by the scrolling darkness.There are also a number of interesting NPCs, but sadly they very rarely appear. Each one has their own backstory, personaliy quirks, and even an associated ending. To mix things up even more, there is a random prefix system that can sometimes spawn either an enemy or an NPC with a stat changing prefix such as ""stiff-necked"", with some of them even changing the character's dialog, often in hilarious ways.Like most roguelikes this game has a lot of replay value, but here it's even more enforced by the fact that you can ""vault"" items at the end of a playthrough so you can get them at the start of another playthrough. Combined with the various classes, starting perks, and random world generation, you will likely end up with quite a bit of variety right at the start of your various runs through the game.There is even a limited online play component, in that you can start on a world where other players have played and see their ghosts where they have died. At the end of a run you will also see leaderboards listed all the other players who have played on that world.Unfortunately this game isn't perfect, which is to be expected with it's nearly non-existant price. The stats aren't very balanced, with some like intelligence being less useful than the others, and charm in particular is almost useless given that it's mainly used for recruiting companions, who, as said before are extremely rare. I also noticed that bows seem a bit underpowered since they can't combo like melee weapons and often you can just throw things for similiar damage. Hopefully the upcoming expansion polishes the game up a bit, but even with the few issues this game has, it's worth far more than it's listed price at the moment."
76561198036021602,Recommended,266210,10925358,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,xad-town,Fun way to spend 20 minutes~
,Recommended,266210,13508023,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,mrfrogmon,this game is the best use of my money i think.  so easy to get into. it even tells you what to do to be better.
76561198128103796,Recommended,266210,35250975,Posted: 27 September,all,Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill,this game is a hidden gem
,Recommended,266210,24486135,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Midnight,I love it.10/10
,Recommended,266210,17584460,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,MR.BONES,"I mean, I payed like 27 cents for this game and It's honestly one of the better games out there.Handfull of unlocks, once you've beaten the game once you can basically unlock almost all of the classes.Replay value is pretty high too. There are lots of ways to build your character for each class."
,Recommended,266210,24664922,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,adruxus,Very entertaining 11/10
76561198005022303,Recommended,266210,24697372,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Tron Carter,Absolutely fantastic game.Unlimited replayability and depth. A min-maxer's dream.BUY THIS GAME.
,Recommended,266210,13828408,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SoIwitar,You have few $ and don't know where to spend it? Buy One Way Heroics :)
76561198049088130,Recommended,266210,17687272,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,sauurman,Great fun - and for under a $1?  Seriously just buy it and enjoy.
,Recommended,266210,21984142,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,PizzaDeliveryTerrorist,"This game is wonderful, you get used to this unique gameplay really quick, the default playthrough is quite short, but the concept behind this game is to play it through 100+ times, to enjoy it over and over, and every round you find out something new about the world, why it collapses and so on.I personally think that the developers should have made this game a little more expensive, with cuter/better tilesets and char sprites, but it's ok.It's worth it even if you get it at full price, no need to wait for a sale for this one."
,Recommended,266210,24617236,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Psylenth,"So far so good, really enjoyed the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,266210,12546523,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Dualies Hime,dis game be hard yo.
76561198042793944,Recommended,266210,9307302,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,doghats,"Awesome game, might be confusing for those new to RPGs."
76561197999655301,Recommended,266210,23255765,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Laboon,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,266210,9295151,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Skye`Rackloy,This is suprisingly fun.  Great if you want something quick and fast.
,Recommended,266210,9296437,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ThePixelHer0,this game is kind of short right now :/
,Recommended,266210,13650976,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,CHEJoK,★ ★ ★ ☆ ☆
,Recommended,266210,10655292,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Loolstar,is interesting
,Recommended,266210,11578507,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Ninjinjo,go forward die the end
,Recommended,266210,10875065,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cyferre,"A really fun game, with a lot of replay value and loot, it might a little be hard to get the hang of it at first but once you do, its gets really entertaining game, and for a price of 0.90$ you can't go wrong."
,Recommended,266210,9988724,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Halbarad,"Cute, but seems very grind-intensive."
,Recommended,266210,16545008,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Chrissy♥,$0.87 Cents. You can't go wrong.
,Recommended,266210,27382872,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Heatwing,Never thought I can have so much fun moving to the right!
,Recommended,266210,26021827,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,burrito,Walking right simulator with elements of roguelike rpgs
76561198131241823,Recommended,266210,23904642,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,vcgamer,"this is a must play for rpg lovers , one of the most fun games i ever played , i loved this so much ^^"
76561198133628702,Recommended,266210,15818109,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Perfice,"It's an alright indie rogue-like game but there isn't much to it. Pretty much just try to see how far you can get in a certain amount of steps or something... Idk the game is kind of vague on how it works. It took me 4 hours to beat the Demon Lord the first time and I didn't have the motivation to try to get any further. Doing well rewards you with more usable characters and you can use chests to store items you might want on your next character walk. SO basically with storing your items you're saying screw it to this play-thru and the next one will be better or something.The game seemed kind of counter-productive as you have to make very fine decisions on whether or not to even fight monsters as they slow you down or deal alot of damage. You pretty much have to get lucky enough to get some good items and also fight enough enemies, but not too much, to be able to fight the Demon Lord at the end with high enough stats to survive. If I were to give this game a rating I would have to say something around 6/10.  It's an alright adventure game but just seems like I'm making no progress while I play. Also there is not a whole lot of content but it's only like $3.50 so it's forgivable."
76561198040564170,Recommended,266210,27387781,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ninebreaker,Fun and enjoyable  roguelike
76561198082264706,Recommended,266210,25833826,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Capt.Brent,Amazing game so the thump can only go 'one way' and thats up
,Recommended,266210,29919232,Posted: 14 February,all,Loowiz,8/10
76561198080833647,Recommended,266210,30088113,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,First take I'd recommend this game.  It's a game I intend to commit some time to in the future.
,Recommended,266210,25169716,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,dcuk,i dont know why i bought this game but i think i bought this game on accident 2 years ago
,Recommended,266210,30465907,Posted: 12 March,all,Roguu!,is good
76561198104361263,Recommended,266210,29797884,Posted: 9 February,all,Taddy Mason,"This is the game that made me realize how great roguelikes can be. I love this game, even though I probably will never beat it. The core premise of this game is what got me to buy it, and all the stuff i could unlock just by playing the game kept me coming back for more. New classes, more health, better stats, etc. I love it! Then there's the fact that there are nearly infinite worlds to explore and you can replay the ones you like and you have a vault where you can store items for subsequent playthroughs-allowing you to keep things you don't want to risk losing. There's so much more to this game than I could fit into a few paragraphs. It's something you'd have to play for yourself and see. If you like JRPGs, replayability, and roguelikes, you almost certainly will like this game."
,Recommended,266210,15511439,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Chikan Celeryman,In this game. Being naked is OP.Would become naked again...10/10
,Recommended,266210,9305545,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,jayanta1296,"UPDATE:  The game works (that is, will not crash to your desktop) if you turn off the ""online features"" option.  I have no idea what the online features are supposed to allow you to do, but they apparently crash the game, so I definitely recommend turning them off until the game is patched.Even without the online features, the game itself is a lot of fun, from the limited time I have played it so far.  You will die a lot, but it's never too frustrating.  It reminds me a bit of a turn-based Rogue Legacy in that you get to keep a set of the old equipment you have found from run to run.  Success in earlier runs makes more success in later runs easier (possible).  Now that I can actually run the game without it crashing, I'm happy to recommend it -- it's certainly a lot of fun for the price.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------OLD REVIEW:  This game looks like it could be fun, but the Steam version isn't stable.  I've launched the game twice, created characters, ventured out, and within five minutes both times, the game has crashed to the desktop.  I'd wait until the patches come in before buying it."
,Recommended,266210,16395755,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ellar k,"""Lalalala!""""Oh wait, there's a dungeon thing here, lemme enter""""Wait♥♥♥♥♥♥the darkness""""DAMMIT IT'S COMING CLOSER""*ded*/game"
,Recommended,266210,30242714,Posted: 28 February,all,[S1N]Desolate Death,Just by the ♥♥♥♥ing game for less than a dollar and enjoy a little adventure.
,Recommended,266210,15571755,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,_HordeZ_,">Found Princess>Joins Party>Few days later tells me she's dead>One day later, Dies>Get's rekt by a rock pokemon throwing rocks69/10 too much dank herbs"
76561198011962156,Recommended,266210,19136248,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Lust,"Got this on a sale for like 0.3£, and have to say, I love it so far, it's better then I thought it would be. Even for the standard price of 2.99£. get it, it's worth it, small price for a fun game on a bad day and you don't know what to play of those 150 games you have on the list.Gameplay, well you make a character, and at start you have one class, and then you can put in the start perks. As you start, you have to run and get away from the left part of your screen and it only moves whenever you make a move that get's time to go again. As you progress you find items, friends, enemies. You will die, I promise that. But your stats progress wont die, you will then start again and continue with your stats from the start. You can upgrade some dimention box or something and save your items for your next run. Every level you give that box you can store one more item.And when you die, you will get to a screen with some kawaii ughuu fairy gurl that will give you weary helpfull tips of how you could have changed your run to survive longer. Warning, only tutorial you get is, how to walk, turn and talk. No more help then that, rest you have to figure out yourserlf... unless I missed something. You can find save points btw.Like I said it's fun, and worth playing. I had a good time and I thought this game was going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥honestly."
76561197974386071,Recommended,266210,27363916,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Smack -U-,"On those days you feel the insatiable need to die, often, OWH fills that void in your black soul with a delicious ruthfulness."
,Recommended,266210,26300915,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,zshadow1135,One way
,Recommended,266210,12762888,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Paiseh,You play this RPG in ONE way. ONE way. 100/10 Would do it again.
76561198005022940,Recommended,266210,33846222,Posted: 27 July,all,Horang,meh
76561198031554358,Recommended,266210,14195771,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Fidget Spinning Boruto,Tons of replayability. Buy it.
,Recommended,266210,17552370,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Lady 3Jane,Strikes the perfect balance between luck and skillit also has a good ost
,Recommended,266210,10531112,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,If U Seek Amy,ok now this is a good game
,Recommended,266210,12436661,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,wug weh,there's no gwynevere tots but at least everyone wants to get in your pantsbetter than dark souls 2stop playing dark souls 2
,Not Recommended,266210,18030831,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Tleno,"Didn't like it. While it does feature proper randomization and varied starting options, I can't say I find it an enjoyable roguelike.First of all, interface is bad, no mouse support, and various dialogues during each run start / end repeat every time without ability to skip them. Also, it was obviously designed for Japanese language, the information is crammed in too tightly, and those dialogues I mentioned are like something out of a jRPG/visual novel but, you know, this is a roguelike with many retries necesseary to achieve something, so you'll see those pop up every now and then, forcing you to rapidly skim trough same lines every time!Next, it's... I can't really say it has that much tactical depth. I mean, there are special abilities which are not very convinient to use due to interface, some of them cost stats, some can be used just few times, but due to the price you pay to use them they are only handy in extreme situations. Same with items, they run out of durability and break, so you have to spare better ones, but even then there's no depth beyond ""know when it's right time to use this"".Also, can't say I enjoyed either visuals or audio. Guess I'm just not weaboo enough to enjoy Japanese style. Although if you are into this sort of thing, you should probably enjoy it.Finally while it has some nice simple ideas, the balance is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like charisma is near-useless except for getting extremely rare companions, meanwhile other stats are essential for survival. While unfairness is a common thing in random roguelikes, having one of the essential stats useless outside of daily events and extremely rare occurences is just plain wrong.All in all, this might be a pretty good simple timekiller for a weaboo, you might even enjoy the extra challenges the game offers, but for anyone not used to Japanese game design practices and aesthetics this might prove rather dull."
,Not Recommended,266210,23129844,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tararabbit111279,"I bought this because it was labeled as an RPG. I realize this is a rogue like also. In my personal opinion this game feels like it fails both genres.When playing an RPG there needs to be a sense of exploration/story. However, this game really punishes you for exploring. You will come across tons of little enemy houses with treasure in them, but most of the time it is impossible to kill the swarm of enemies inside and unlock a box before the area gets swallowed by the black edge of the screen. Furthermore, the character progression just isn't there. I get that one of the man features of rogue likes is permadeath, but the perks you can buy and upgrade a new character with don't make you feel stronger. You can unlock different classes of hero but they don't feel any different.The controls suck for the combat style. It's both live action and turn based. You pretty much walk around the map, but when you come across enemies you must take it slow and be very deliberate about facing the right direction before initiating any action, otherwise you swing at air and waste a turn. The controls just felt very clunky and took away from the immersion. I feel like pure turn based combat would have been better.My final verdict is 5/10. This game probably is more enjoyable as a rogue like than an RPG. Only worth purchasing when on sale for 50% off or more."
,Recommended,266210,29384775,Posted: 20 January,all,KrudlerTheHorse,"This speedy turn-based game was charming, unique and quite fun.I found the way they keep giving you perfectly-appropriate play hints after you die to be a lovely and unobtrusive way to do a tutorial - you're doing a tutorial without realizing it - very clever devs :)Although it had it's charm, I did find that after a while it grew thin.  I definitely think it is worth full price, so don't hesitate to grab it on sale."
,Recommended,266210,9305565,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Kuehnau,"Great, quick paced, bite sized RPG. Has roguelike elements such as perma-death, but the game is never unfair and it never feels like you loose progress."
,Recommended,266210,13709550,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,¡Kris,>beat the game in an hour>feels good man>finish afking for trading cards>rate 10/10>uninstall
76561198040457997,Not Recommended,266210,22934456,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Keemossi,"Eh, personally I just didn't like this. I bought this game (well, it was practically free) since it was tagged as rogue-like. But really, item vault and flat out save points. Eh.Even ignoring those, I can't recommend this. The interface is horrible and annoying, items aren't interesting, everything feels generic,.. I mean, it's boring, bland and pointless."
,Not Recommended,266210,19404734,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Miss Andri,"Simply put: I didn't find this game fun.The gameplay mechanics are interesting and I especially like the idea of character progression through new characters, but the content is just... lacking. Going through the game and advancing my character gave me no sense of accomplishment or progression. Nothing immersed me in the world or made me care about the Demon Lord. The interface was frustrating and took away most of the enjoyment I could get out of the rougelike aspect of it. Oh, and the lack of language support in the game itself is frustrating--I decided I wanted to play through in English this time instead of Japanese and changing it via Steam (the only way) wiped all of my data. There's no real excuse to not have proper language support these days... except that I'm pretty sure this game was made with RPG Maker, which has absolutely no localization support.Anyway, despite the low price I'd recommend giving this game a pass."
,Not Recommended,266210,23604305,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,stealthswor1,I do believe that this game is good. However it is very repetitive and gets boring after a while. Even the variety in classes and zones don't do anything for me. Losing interest is a very bad sign especally after only a few hours. Permadeath is a nice idea but it does get frustrating not being able to progress.
,Not Recommended,266210,18413872,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,xDaudex,Pros:Different characters to play as.Cons:Each playthrough is too similar.Gameplay is not that interesting.Not enough randomness.
76561198052397332,Not Recommended,266210,19297993,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,The Naked Crowbar,"There is a TL:DRIf you grab this game for less than $1 then it is very much worth it. I actually REALLY like the game and the simplicity of combat but boy oh howdy is it a very shallow experience. Aside from tiny modifiers and higher difficulties this is a very easy game to beat once you figure out how not to die to the moving wall of darkness.There are 2 types of rogue like games. The first type you actually progress your character accross playthroughs (Dead Rising, Rogue Legacy) where you get your sense of accomplishment despite not beating the game.The other type consists of losing literally everything stat and possession and see if you roll the dice better this time around. Thats much harder to remain satisfying since from a stat angle you can't tell who has 80 hours of play time and who has 5 hours. So why invest the additional 75 hours?This game is the latter, sure certain games can pull it off like Faster then Light because you unlock ways that alter the game in a dramatic way that getting those unlocks feels worth it even if you lose. This game has a few different classes but they control and play almost identically and their bonuses would only be noticed if this game was in the former catagory. It wouldn't be hard either, you remove weapon degredation (since you can save items between playthroughs) and allow perminent base stat increases using the levels you gain in playthrough as currency. Make this playthrough harder so that future ones will be easier sort of deal, they already have something like that but it only applies to the current playthroughTL:DR this game is very much worth if you're buying it for literal cents on the dollar. It goes on sale frequently"
76561197990560717,Not Recommended,266210,20633461,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SpaceAnt,I think this game has some interesting concepts but it is quite tedious and boring.
76561198044552360,Not Recommended,266210,19472251,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,thebodynutritious,"This game was great for seven hours.  I was really looking forward to playing it even more, when suddenly the game would just go to a black screen about twenty seconds after booting up.  Broken game.  Since I had played it so much Steam wouldn't refund my 95 cents either :("
,Recommended,266210,16476125,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Weeb,I saved the world.Twice.Naked.Barehanded.
,Not Recommended,266210,20883743,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ZiKvy,"Easily the most boring, and worst game I every played. I wanted my money back after the first 2 minutes."
76561198111513022,Not Recommended,266210,20694849,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,medusahair324,I would like to say that I really enjoy rogue-like and finding all the item yet this game seem to me to suck the fun and make it intolerable to play and seems so lacking even though it has a lot of features to it.
76561198016628732,Not Recommended,266210,20681158,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,runescience,this is a rotten nonsensical piece of crap and id advise you to not waste even 2 cents of your money. it makes no sense and ther are no directions.
,Not Recommended,266210,24242938,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,MPO,"Generally too tedious, complex, and inflexible to be fun.  A tutorial would probably help a little, but navigating the outdated interfaces and mechanics feels like trying to run through quicksand.  A disappointment for what appeared to be innovative."
,Not Recommended,266210,32181748,Posted: 4 June,all,Jambola,Uma Bosta.
,Not Recommended,266210,9369496,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,SkyRaider,You can destroy wall by bashing on it*edited*Why the hell the dlc is more expensive than the base game ? Is this some kind a joke ?
76561198042214085,Not Recommended,266210,15576845,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Jason,"It's an interesting idea, but little more than that.One Way Heroics is a typical roguelike, that (thankfully) lets you gain in power on restart based partially on what you've done in  previous games.However, it's always-move-right-or-you-die nature doesn't let you really enjoy an area; it makes encounters overly tough; and, worst of all, it actively discourages exploration in a a genre, and most importanntly, IN A GAME, that rewards exploration.While some may find fun in it, it's overwhelmingly a game based in randomness, and I personally don't like games that prioritize randomness over skill."
,Not Recommended,266210,22967096,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,fake,"Possibly one of the worst looking, playing and aesthetically displeasing games i've ever seen.The game is way too overly complicated, barely working combat and hardly passes as an RPG.I practically got it for free, and I feel as this is the second coming of Bad Rats."
,Not Recommended,266210,16408300,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"This was another ""why not"" purchase in the range of $2.  It's hard to know what to say about this, because there's some interesting ideas in here, but the execution is...not good.  There's very little polish or evidence of artistic love in this game.  But it can be a decent way to kill a few hours while you try to determine what various terms mean and wonder how much longer you can keep running from this demon thing that appeared 10 minutes ago that would appear to be a boss but man you just aren't sure, but you know it deals a lot of damage so you might as well keep running.I don't know.  It's games like this where the Yes/No recommendation really falls short."
,Not Recommended,266210,20942189,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Valk 93,This game gave me cancer
76561198252157802,Not Recommended,266210,19666784,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,windigoman2,So boring. All you do is walk in one direction for half an hour with a few enemies on the way.
76561198197495055,Not Recommended,266210,32595396,Posted: 20 June,all,mrfletcher,Just kinda boring and repetitive.
,Not Recommended,266210,13661828,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,vespercirrus,"I was really excited to try this game. Unfortunately, upon clicking any option on the main menu, it crashes. After a myriad of ways of trying to get it to work, I tried asking for help on the forums, only to get a bunch of ""Me too""s from other players, and a dead silence from the developers [Its been months]. Its really too bad. Running Win 7, AMD, Radeon."
,Not Recommended,266210,23129551,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,I can't preTEND ANYmore,you can't go back and i didn't know
,Not Recommended,266210,13480696,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ten24-Khale K'itha,"It sounds like a great game for the people that can play it, but there's a lot of users, like myself, all over the forums who have never been able to run it.  Posts go as far back as March, and the developer hasn't done anything to improve or try to diagnose the issue other than asking, once, for system specs.As it is, the whole thing was a ripoff, at any price, since it NEVER launches, regardless of settings or compatibility options.I might re-review it, if they ever decide to care, but at the moment, they have the money, and don't seem interested.  I suppose some might feel I'm ""entitled"" because I bought a game and expect it to run, or for the dev to make an attempt to assist.  You're damned right."
76561198029075108,Not Recommended,266210,17718508,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,furon747,"I strive to look for good RPG Maker style games, but I can never find any. I think that everything in this game is great, however with every seemingly good game, there is a gimmick. I dont know if anyone will pay attention to this review but you may want to. Everything you do in this game causes the screen to move to the right. Everything. Talking to someone repeatedly will move the screen, and if you go off screen at all, game over. So if you're really far and die, well there goes everything. I was really excited when I bought this game. The random worlds feature lured me in and I was so happy to finally play, then when I did, I was so disappointed. It's not the game, or the price, or anything else. It's just that the screen keeps moving right, and it will kill you. Oh, and it's not a glitch, it's a main feature of the game. Just a heads up to anyone thinking of buying it.*Edit:*I know this is the main feature of the game and I'll admit I shouldn't have acted so surprised about it, however I still have to say that that feature drives me off. Personal preference I guess. Games cool but the screen going to the right is just too bothersome.~"
,Not Recommended,266210,17258295,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,transce,"I don't get it.  I love retro, rpgs, and roguelikes but somehow this game doesn't manage to hit any of those bullseyes for me.  I found the game play boring and unsatisfying."
76561198193298238,Not Recommended,266210,32622387,Posted: 21 June,all,leonlotus,"Waste of time.I like oldschool JRPGs. For example, i played EvilQuest on hardmode, enjoyed every minute. But this one..The mist keeping the same minimum distance, no matter how strong you get, simply ruined any kind of exploration fun."
,Not Recommended,266210,23577795,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,MaynezSE,"Darkness killed the game for me, it instantly punishes any exploration posibilities of a proper RPG game."
76561198158254398,Not Recommended,266210,18626013,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Syncthra,Fuq dis sht
76561197972065232,Not Recommended,266210,19311846,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Snak3bait,87 Cents gone down the drain... its wont let me play because this is a threat to my computerD;
,Not Recommended,266210,18285968,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Valv Vader,Too many games in the world to play garbage like this.
76561198076096174,Recommended,266210,32882688,Posted: 27 June,all,Nick,im only doing this for my sticker colection
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,266210,12652002,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Puddle,"I decided to write an in depth negative review beyond ""Its♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; that the other negative reviews seems to boil down to.Whenever I start a game and its by default in such a small screen that you cant really see anything, I get a bad feeling. Turns out you can pick between three settings in a windowed mode. So small you cant see, Slightly bigger you cant see, and about the size of a tablet screen.  There are no more visual options to speak of.There is no tutorial so its going to take a second to figure out what you are supposed to be doing. The mechanics aren't very deep but it takes a while to get used to the awkward controls that will have you moving with the arrow keys, attacking with the enter key, and using the menu with the escape key.You can unlock new heros and new perks as well as carry over a few items from playthoughs. Your progress resets everytime though so its a very samey feeling every time. It really has the JRPG grinding thing going on. There isnt much else to it. The story is the basic of basic stories, there arent many other characters, and the new items are kind of boring minor stat increases.As a rogue like game it fails because it much to grindy to be any fun and as an rpg it fails because other than having your hero level up, it is missing any other rpg elements.All in all its a novel idea but is plauged by some strange design choices and a horrible options menu."
76561198006590007,Not Recommended,266210,13812270,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,bpais008,"Game locks on start up. Known issue that does not seem to have an identifible pattern to it, nor any recommended work arounds. Problem remains unfixed."
,Not Recommended,266210,16812399,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Brownninja97,"Im not sure what im doing wrong but i keep dying, not sure if its a difficulty problem or that i havent got the hang of it or that im meant to keep dying.If i actually understand what on earth im meant to do then maybe ill enjoy this more. For now thats not the case."
76561197962429511,Not Recommended,266210,17142928,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BonafideSupraman,"Fun for about 15 minutes.If I could take those 8 hours back, I would."
,Not Recommended,266210,17618406,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Big Smoke,ummm i dont really like the game since its not really that fun and the loot isn't even that much
,Not Recommended,266210,17367204,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,° MakaroneN,30/100
76561198018016232,Not Recommended,266210,16433493,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,General_Incompetence,Very average side scrolling game. You are forced to nonstop move right or you die. Talk to toomany npc you die. Hit mountains you die etc etc. Isnt free movement like the rogue its supposed to be similar too.
,Not Recommended,266210,15548981,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,(-TN-) EvilGenius,"This game is just ok. I don't like the fact that I am forced into the easterly march to create this false sense of energy. This game is missing the main mechanic of any good rogue like, exploration. Graphics are dated, and the overall presentation is average at best. I would give this a Pass for anything >5$"
76561198128646836,Not Recommended,266210,9891696,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Cynric Cyning,"On the surface this game is extremely basic, and although I'm sure there is a ton of depth for those willing to look for it, the game is just too repetitive for me to want to. In it's defence the game's visuals are charming and the music is good, if not particularily memorable, but unless you are already a big fan of rogue-likes I doubt you will get much out of this game."
76561198032536288,Not Recommended,266210,16019697,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Red XIII,I couldn't really get my head around it.  I feel like there are better rouge like games out there
,Not Recommended,266210,15612054,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Apathy,"May have a JRPG paintjob, but a JRPG it is not... Pretty underwhelming gameplay."
,Not Recommended,266210,16524104,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Geofferic,"The music is ear-bleedingly bad and manages to sound repetitive without actually being repetitive.  Why would the ""artist"" put their name on this?The sounds in general are terribad.  It is trying to pay homage to the 8 bit games of NES and the like, but it manages to actually be the same quality, only more shrill.  Paying homage does not mean trying to literally copy the original, and then amp up the worst aspects.There are 3 available resolutions.  None are wide screen.  One is so small that my phone actually has a larger screen.  Terrible.The resolution in general is very poor.  Again, paying homage does not mean turning the negative aspects of something up to 11.There are numerous interface issues.  EG, why doesn't moving into an enemy attack them?Overall, I cannot recommend this.  It's an interesting idea done poorly."
76561198027769668,Recommended,266210,33400015,Posted: 9 July,all,North American Pavement Ape,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561197996473891,Not Recommended,266210,17136405,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Meutral Milk Motel,terrible and boring.
,Not Recommended,266210,16058376,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,VG Purist,I would call this a casual RPG with roguelike elements.  Fun to play but doesn't have a substantial amount of story or theme.https://youtu.be/DEzQzxcywEI
76561198039627041,Not Recommended,266210,15720889,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,trevok,A very simple game with not much to draw you in and keep you playing.
,Not Recommended,266210,29878948,Posted: 12 February,all,NeuroTrophicShock,"At first I love this game’s gimic.  However, bad RPG game mechanics I find to be intolerable have allowed me to see this game unfair game mechanics.  There are some worlds where you run into mountains which serve as dead ends.  It makes the game unfair."
76561198016505817,Not Recommended,266210,16654973,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,IronHack,"This game is rather annoying to play...You get zerged by monsters with in 2minutes of leaving the starting and die,You Finally make it around them to the dessert and DIEYou make it back to the dessert and DIEYou deside to look in the buildings before the dessert and die on your way out of themYou get past the dessert and dieYou get to the dessert and dieYou get to the save point but die because something was still attacking you"
76561198080544721,Not Recommended,266210,11004496,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,vanzee66,"Cute idea, but gets old very fast."
76561198000434019,Not Recommended,266210,17610650,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Derptor Who,nope
,Not Recommended,266210,16514379,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Trash Panda,Everything kills you instantly.
76561198051433288,Not Recommended,266210,10953764,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Day0fLavos,"Good roguelike for less than $1.  More replayability than many AAA titles.  Some may call it the second coming of christ, but in the interest of not offending any Jews, I'll just settle with calling it GOTYAY."
,Not Recommended,266210,13676939,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DemonicShadow,Not what i expected it to be. Patially decent but I was looking for a final fantasy like play style.
,Not Recommended,266210,13534904,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BoysGoToJupiter,"This game. This game is what wastes your money and time. The time I have ""played"" according to Steam, is wrong. I've played about 4 hours and hated it all. I don't even understand why people find this game fun? What am I missing? You're forced to walk to the right and if you go off screen, guess what? You're dead. Time to start over."
76561198124252445,Not Recommended,266210,13150847,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,butylkapiva1,Rather disappointing - the game lacks depth and is somewhat too random.
,Not Recommended,266210,15820773,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,MSM-07E Z'Gok-E Edea Custom,Zzzzzzzz....Zzzzzzzz....
,Not Recommended,266210,13378019,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,mstephens1,"This completely sucks. First, it does not play full screen. The interface is so old school it harkens back to DOS. The graphics are similarly as old. It is a cheap recycling of some game that was possibly a success 20 years ago.  Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,266210,11087929,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Xifihas,The game leaks your IP address.
76561198015028813,Not Recommended,266210,10888612,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hex507,Interesting concept but pretty subpar for the most part.  Seems like an early attempt at designing a game.
,Not Recommended,266210,9509965,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,WhiteNight,the game is quite punishing to new players with no tutorial.
76561198016603957,Not Recommended,266210,34318581,Posted: 17 August,all,Fibulator,"I failed to watch the video of the gameplay.  All I have to say is... WTF is this Carp.  It's like Zelda meets ""wall of darkness of death sidescroller"".  I'm sure I bought this on sale for under a dollar at some point...The screenshots look WAY more appealing than the gameplay actually is... watch the video, if clicking to attack, while getting gang ****ed is your idea of fun, go ahead."
,Not Recommended,266210,13799099,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,grow23,no sir don't like it
76561198094803808,Not Recommended,266210,13216629,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,VahidSlayerOfAll,"you can post to twitter from in the game........ The screen is at all times full of♥♥♥♥♥♥that as far as I know cant be removed. When your playing, the game will stop to load more chunks and being as how it is randomly generated, it can be extremely slow at times."
76561198083302731,Not Recommended,266210,14875292,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Han Dasse,"This game blows♥♥♥♥♥cheeks.I know it was a dollar and what would i expect, but come on. It really sucks. The sounds are annoying, the game is lacking any graphics. Don't waste your time.      1/10  (just because it's a functioning game)"
76561198074225263,Not Recommended,266210,13889296,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,PatroMaster23,Just No.
76561198062099898,Not Recommended,266210,11568243,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,TwistedPower,"Terrible game. It has many crude elements that remove from the enjoyment of the game. You feel rushed because of the screen always moving foward and the lack of map information makes you feel like you ned to save, expore and then reload your save to get the right things. Any game where gameplay is better if you save and reload saves to min/max are just dumb. The game should not be desgined in such a way that you need to do that. Not even worth the 1$ I spent on it when I got it on sale."
76561198053648317,Not Recommended,266210,11069834,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,FlingDragon,"What is with all of these ""Start from the beginning"" games? So with this one you have a wall of blackness behind you keeps you running one way. makes sense, yeah. But is rather like someone combined Hack Slash Loot and Rogue Legacy but made it look like FFII. not really my thing."
76561198173351390,Not Recommended,266210,31694477,Posted: 11 May,all,Salty Watermelon,"I saw all the good reviews and saw some things from screenshots. I thought ""wow! this looks like a great game that you can actually level up in and spend your points and even get followers??"" but once I was on and played for a bit I realised you just walk around randomly fighting til you get to the demon lord or whatever. I think it definatly has potential but it would need a lot of work in the story department and it would need obvious maps and villages/towns. ect."
,Not Recommended,266210,14813828,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Lyceps,"I wan't my $0.80 back, that's all I gotta say,"
76561197961778348,Not Recommended,266210,10634525,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kijuta,what an insanely repetitive game..  only spent .87 cents on it and even then i feel ripped off.
,Not Recommended,266210,31513287,Posted: 2 May,all,theadventmaster,"This game sells itself as some ongoing adventure, where you need to carefully train and build skills and relationships until you can defeat the Dark Lord 400km into the adventure. I purchased the game due to these overwhelmingly positive reviews, but I ended up beating the game on my third run. After my first run, the reviews I was getting seemed way too high given I had just started the game. However, I did manage to face the Dark Lord during that run, although I lost. Second run, I died from encountering a very strong enemy (golem) nearly as soon as the adventure began. Third run, I won.I'm just not sure if I should keep playing a game that was so shallow that its main quest could be beaten on ANY seed. I was the first to conquer my seed, dimension SVNPBSOM. Not sure what else to say. Just not worth paying anything for. I feel like I wasted the 2 hours since I've had the game."
,Not Recommended,266210,9311893,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Killinfoolz,After turning off online content or connection in options the game stopped crashing 24/7. It worked for an hour or 2 before another crash. If the game can't be used with all of it's features (online option on) then it still needs to be patched and fixed.
76561198135866854,Not Recommended,266210,14493223,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,lnuyasha421,I have no idea what I am doing. I have manged to die quite a bit. Can't seem to get anywhere. I hear this is a feature. I call it  fecal matter.
76561198018562363,Not Recommended,266210,9308979,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,John,"The mechanics are clever, and I think that it has a lot of potential. However, it's currently quite buggy, which detracts from the enjoyablility of the game."
,Not Recommended,266210,33621885,Posted: 17 July,all,SK | surreal,how do you play this frikkn game
,Not Recommended,266210,10694661,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The Toothless Hero,I went to the left exploring. Died immediately. You can have your game back.
,Not Recommended,266210,11075050,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"Weeaboo garbage and bull-♥♥♥♥ difficult on anything above easy mode.Edit: Ohhhh Kiko, where are you going!?!?! WAAAAAH you have sexy panda underwear exposure!!!*Bleeds from nose*I have never felt the embrace and majesty of a womans loins! I have spikey blue hair and a bow, let's embark on a coming of age adventure and realize that our friendship is magic...Yup.... wow.Verdict still stands, it's Weeaboo."
76561197981176523,Not Recommended,266210,9312547,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Isalon,"Edit: I'm changing this to a 5/10 because I didn't realize the game crash was related to server issues. I still have gripes (comments below) but if those get fixed, I'll be happy to edit my review again. The game is simple enough but the learning curve for newbies is pretty steep. If it becomes as easy to understand as it is to pick up and play I'll give another update and rewrite my review.(Preview review below)I don't write reviews often - like, hardly at all - but this game randomly crashes. Normally I'd suck it up but in a game where literally everything is randomly generated and you get points taken away from your complete game if you save (essentially forcing a perfectionist to never save in a run-through, which you can clear in 15-20 minutes tops) this is a huge problem. 0/10 would not buy, even for the 2 bucks and change I spent on it. I'd love a refund."
,Not Recommended,266210,9303457,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Roflstomp,First crash in less than 20 minutes.
,Not Recommended,266210,9312899,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ginsoo,"This buggy mess has not been able to run for more then two minutes without crashing, DO NOT BUY."
76561198058420171,Not Recommended,266210,28740013,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,shadow_of_apollo,I didn't really like it.
76561198032517389,Not Recommended,266210,12489156,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Cyber-Al,because it`s boring!!!
76561197980915170,Not Recommended,266210,9310387,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Negative1,Dont do it. Thank me later.
,Not Recommended,266210,32963889,Posted: 28 June,all,Commando Toast,do i get a sticker pack now?
,Recommended,266210,18867523,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,LDJosh,"I bought this game for twenty cents. Less than a quarter. I have played this game for a number of hours greater than that. I could say more, but I shouldn't have to."
76561198037680270,Recommended,266210,18891477,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Gixkung,GG
76561197988858853,Recommended,266210,14872207,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,#Blazerafe#,10/10 would gladly keep walking right.
,Recommended,266210,14894029,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Kallisto,"A great, silly little game for silly little people"
,Recommended,266210,16237292,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Daine Gerzone,OK seriously why *doesn't* the hero have to pee? Super fun game!!
,Recommended,266210,10674403,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,krazy_calvin,"I feel like I want to love this game.  It seems really enjoyable.  I kind of get the idea but at the same time the thng confuses me.  Don't let the death shroud kill you.  Use the spell of awakening to delay that... but wait... how do I get more spell of awakenings?  I don't know, I only have an hour or so logged in this and I at least have three of these dimensional portals to transfer stuff... sometimes that works out, sometimes not.  Maybe i should try a different dimension or something because I seem to get stuck on an endless loop on this first random one."
,Recommended,266210,10676642,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Big Dank,very fun roguelike
,Recommended,266210,10625684,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JimJam707,"One Way Heroics is a strange sounding concept, being an autoscrolling Roguelike but it's one that works well creating a fast paced game. I'm only 2 hours in but I can see that this game has a tonne of depth with unlockable classes and perks meaning that each run is different than the last."
,Recommended,266210,10625748,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Karet Cake,Fantastic little RPG I got for 80c
,Recommended,266210,10628430,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Renncia,Amazing and low-cost. $0.87 during summer sale.
76561198031424113,Recommended,266210,10630864,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,airborne17th,Fantastic experience. It's a rogue-like with a lot of content and replay value.
,Recommended,266210,10645821,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Generic,Fantastic game for the price. If you love rogue-lites this is the game for you.
76561198044026880,Recommended,266210,10646720,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Just some Tits,"So I'm a fan of Rogue-like games and this one caught me a bit off gaurd.At first glance, with the low price and generic look, it seems to be some money-grab like those crappy flash games and sub-par RPGmaker games that were popping up on Steam because Valve just stopped caring what was let into Steam. But after getting it on sale for 87cents (like I said, cheap) I gave it a chance.It surprised me, so far it actually seems to have some serious work put into it. Like the developer actually cares! *gasp*Not to mention it seems like theres a bit of things you can unlock to keep the game engaging and its seemingly randomly generated so theres that. (Rogue-likes usually ARE Randomly generated)7/10 would recommend for such a cheap price if you like Rogue-likes."
,Recommended,266210,10647407,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,korasai,
76561198040055586,Recommended,266210,10652571,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,damnzombie,owns
76561197972363974,Recommended,266210,10653555,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,shadowofsmokee,"This is a deceptively deep, fast-paced, and unique rogue-like.  There is much fun to be had here!  Must play..."
,Recommended,266210,10653956,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,POOOONYO,This game is a good. Nice JRPG rouge-style game and need keep going right.
76561198067311309,Recommended,266210,10668718,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kushew,"Great game, although it might not look like one. Cheap as well."
,Recommended,266210,10661480,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Calamity,Really great game for such a low price!
76561198042896093,Recommended,266210,10663654,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Electric Head Pt 2,Not a bad game for the price. A little reminiscent of one  minute hero. Worth it if you like the genre
76561197965924832,Recommended,266210,10464318,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Grimmace45,"Fun, actually quite difficult the more and more you traverse"
,Recommended,266210,10468227,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Pinawanovich,"If you are looking for a hard and fast RPG this game should be your first choice!You have to walk and walk and walk, every turn you make the darkness comes closer :3The game is over as soon as you die or the darkness chatches up  with you.It is alot of fun trying to get as far away from the start as possible.Give it a try!------Giving 8 out of 10 Pina-Points :33"
,Recommended,266210,10538026,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Jannius,"Good game, Well played."
,Recommended,266210,10244560,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Captain Bizarro Murphy,"Challenging, sometimes downright brutal. But such a satisfying and incredibly addictive game! A must have for any rouge-like gamers!"
,Recommended,266210,10590134,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,wild-turkey,"quality game right here folks, and a good price. I'm not much of a fan of rogue type games, but this one is a bit different and a lot more forgiving than most. Try it out!"
,Recommended,266210,11011729,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lauzengier,"I didn't even pay a dollar for this, but even I'd paid more than full price, I'd probably still say it was worth it.  Excellent way to pass a little time, especially for the price!"
76561198044219890,Recommended,266210,11019098,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Sum Mors,Seems decent.
76561198025022977,Recommended,266210,11094366,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,AeroClouds,Its an amazing game.  What else is there to say.
76561198060376164,Recommended,266210,11086644,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,dsheehan2,This game is great if you're looking for a quick 20 min roguelike. Just plan on finding a good dimension or two that you seem to get pretty far on. Also set some weapons in your vault and keep those aside until you're comfortable making a serious run.
,Recommended,266210,11090042,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,I Can't Even,"Easy to pick up and put down, challenging, cheap fun. Died within 30 seconds of starting because I didn't know the screen would eat me alive. Woo."
,Recommended,266210,11091579,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Prinny,"One Way Heroics is a rouge-like game where your being chased by darkness and you have too kill the dark lord who appears in intevals. This game may seem simple but is suprisingly deep and addicting. If your looking for a game that you start, play, finish, start again, then this is a great game for you!"
76561198037562182,Recommended,266210,11102116,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Zephiira,"This is a fun RPG that reminds me of Dragon Quest or the early FF games, only... the world is slowly being devoured as your progress. So there's no looking back!It is a difficult game, you will probably die a lot, but very fun and addicting."
76561198047393981,Recommended,266210,11015997,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mozato,its actually one of the best games iv ever played best 83 cents iv ever spent i wish that there was a sequal to it
,Recommended,266210,10640820,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zongeria,I used a skill that made me naked. 10/10 game.
,Recommended,266210,10641563,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,daynexi,"If you like JPRGs and Roguelike you'll love this. The crux of the game is the sidescrolling mechanic.  DARKNESS is on the left side of the screen and you have to keep moving right. Touch the left and it's game over. However, getting game over is not the end...OWH lets you pick a few items to carry on your next run via a Dimensional Vault. This means you can get stronger on subsequent runs. You put items in that box after your run is over and when you start a new game you can pull them out of the Dimensional Box and power up your character.Gameplay: 9/10Sometimes you will get annoyed with how things turn out, but as with many roguelikes, the next run is usually better than the previous. There is also plenty of things to unlock such as more classes and stat perks can be chosen to further customize your character. There are save points like a traditional JRPG, if you find a town you can save your progress. If you just can't let go of that one run, then just fire up the previous save.Graphics: 8/10Classic 16-bit RPG style. One caveat: The game will go fullscreen mode, but there is no way to change the resolution. Compared to the rest of the game, this is a minor gripe.Soundtrack: 8/10Great! At times I was reminded of greats like Chrono Trigger. It's not that good, but its a very solid soundtrack. Fits the adventuring motif perfectly.Replayability: 10/10This game is an absolute steal on sale for $0.87 on Summer Sale. BUY IT."
,Recommended,266210,10644711,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cancerous Shrub,A very fun and addicting game for a small sum of money.
,Recommended,266210,10644877,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Stantro,"This little roguelike may only catch your eye because of the low price, but it's great once you get into it. the dungeons, the need to constantly be on the move makes you plan your actions ahead of time, predicting where your foes may move, and what you need to do in order to survive."
76561198030772900,Recommended,266210,10692595,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Popeye,"I was really surprised by this one, I bought it on a recommendation and was not disappointed.It's a simple and straightforward game, but the roguelike style, multiple classes, and special rules dimensions give it more replay value than you'd expect.Great choice for a breaktime game, this is definitely a hidden gem."
,Recommended,266210,10692645,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Naruchin ☆,"The proof that graphics aren't the main reason to choose a game (please note that 'graphics' is different from 'aesthetics')!This game is superfun and addictive. Simple commands, more depth than you would imagine; diverse classes and perks grant a nice variety in the characters, the possibility to store items in an account-vault accessible for every character is golden, and THAT PRICE. I almost feel bad for paying 0,74 € for it. It's a hidden gem that can appeal both to the casual gamer and to the hardcore roguelike fan."
76561198025527414,Recommended,266210,10693693,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Xetherion,"This game is an awesome roguelike action rpg! If you like rpg's and games like FTL and Rogue Legacy, you'll like this game!"
,Recommended,266210,10694051,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ò_ó The T.O.D.D.,"One of the best roguelikes on steam, in my opinion, and one of the best bargains of summer sale 2014. Plays like a final fantasy version of FTL (in regards to outrunning the darkness being akin to outrunning the rebel fleet). Lots of replayability, unlocks, and verity keep you coming back for more. With a refreshing anime style that usually isn't the norm for games of this kind, This is a great title for its pice."
76561198022367007,Recommended,266210,10696361,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Adbiku,Absolutely great game from the roguelike ten minute adventure category.
76561198059480530,Recommended,266210,10696653,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Danielsydeon,"A rogue-like with mystery dungeon-style battle system.  It's super fun, and a little easier than a lot of rogue-likes, but that's far from saying it's easy.  There are multiple ways to beat the game along with multiple modes.  The game also has a decent sense of humor.  It's definitely worth it even at full price so getting it on sale is a steal."
,Recommended,266210,10773679,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SimplyDandy,"Game is like Nascar, always going right.Unlike Nascar, its enjoyable."
,Recommended,266210,10773969,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RoningKex,What an insanely epic game this is!
,Recommended,266210,10821243,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,shylax,"For the low low price (87 cents as I write this), this game has so much to offer. It's a roguelike and JRPG hybrid, and for the gamer with little time, it's great, as you can finish games very quickly. It's also forgiving to lesser-skilled gamers, as it has difficulty levels, easier and harder dimensions, and persistence between playthroughs with the ability to spend points earned each playthrough on perks, classes, and the ability to transfer items between playthroughs.The art style and music are very charming, and if you like games like the Final Fantasy games for the SNES, you'll love this."
,Recommended,266210,10823591,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,lesslucid,"A really nice, original roguelike design. Appealing JRPG style graphics and a fair amount of replayability and tactical depth. Very cheap considering the amount of gameplay packed into it, too. ""Gentler"" than many other roguelikes because even if you die, you'll still get ""hero points"" to unlock new classes and abilities so you never feel like a run is wasted. Great game!"
,Recommended,266210,10829539,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ppolkas,Can't.Stop.Playing.
,Recommended,266210,10832497,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ParadigmShift,"This is a very nice and interesting game, but it is not perfect.The insta-death if you go to the left is quite a good motivator, and makes you think about what to do and what is worth the risk. Should you go into that dungeon for great treasure? Or should you just run because the darkness is too close?However, i personally believe that it's a bit too easy to outrun. Once you use the diagonal movement, it is actually rather hard to get caught. I understand that it is meant to be playable by most, but i wish there was a mode that made it harder to outrun..."
76561198052288348,Recommended,266210,10759388,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Madness?,I never spent so little money and got so much for it. For a mere 0.74 euros in summersale there is not much explanation needed. Just buy it and see for yourselves. Awesome game!
,Recommended,266210,10785915,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Karabonne,"I cannot believe how intensely addicting this game is. Each play session is it's own discrete experience while still contributing to the overall progress in the game; you can collect points for unlocks, or store away that weapon you worked so hard on building up, or even just learn from the mistakes made. Give this game about an hour and it'll have its hooks in deep."
76561198043713871,Recommended,266210,10786735,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,dustin789,"This game is very much worth it.Every new random world you regenrate you get different loot and a different terrian,making it possible to immediately find an enemy filled building or have a stroke of luck and find a string of towns.Using the Vault system,you can bring over items from characters when they die to store into the vault,and use them for your next playthrough.Then,you can use hero points which are earned after character death to buy new classes,perks,and vault slots,making it feel like each death actually earns you something(besides goodies for storage in your vault).Overall,an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,266210,11314984,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,mezzoEmrys,"I have poured over 17 hours into this game at the time of writing this, I am terrible at it but it is ridiculously fun."
76561198032070573,Recommended,266210,10994725,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Leshok,Classic gaming that makes you think on your feet and keeps you moving!!
,Recommended,266210,10949624,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GunsmithGiratina,"An incredibly fun RPG/Roguelike on the cheap, this game came well recommended by others and it's been one of my favorite pickups during the summer sale.  8 hours in and I'm still discovering new things.  Definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,266210,10953876,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MrVariant,"One Way Heroics is an open-world roguelike.  You explore the world from left to right, running away from the darkness that will literally kill you, so be afraid of the dark.  This is a good feature as it prioritizes movement (such as if that chest behind me is worth getting) rather than just attacking.  Combined with terrain effects, like evasion rising in forests, this is a must-have for such a low price (on sale for 87 cents).  I have only seen movement set up in such importance in those grid-based strategy rpg's like Final Fantasy Tactics.  The random story loading up during the first load is an excellent idea too, and it is pretty decent.You have various classes to try out for replay value.  The only issue I have with this game is that hotkeying isn't really mentioned.  I would prefer to have a hotkey for a few items or skills, but that isn't a big deal.  Neither are the tiny graphics because it can immerse you on your very first play."
76561198095549835,Recommended,266210,10953908,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Soulistmist96,It's a adventure game where you have to constantly keep moving to the right so the darkness does not over take you. You get new weapons and killing things along the way to get stronger so you can eventually kill the final boss. Which is impossible on your first runbecause your character carriers certain things over to the next play through. You unlock new perks and classes as you go and can take more and more items from previous playthroughs as well.It is alot of fun.I acually have about 5 hours playing this but steam only say 20ish minutes
76561198109349613,Recommended,266210,11124283,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,King Dog Breath,"Super fun and challenging. Wish there were more ways to repair equipment however. I also would really like if they added some adjustments to screeb resolution as I cant seem to fullscreen it without it cutting off the edges. Other than those two things, this game is fantastic and a nice little distraction from heavy investment games."
,Recommended,266210,11125445,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,iconoblast,"I can't believe I picked up this gem of an indie game for 87 cents on the Steam Summer Sale...this game is ridiculously fun and surprisingly deep despite its appearance. If you like roguelikes, you are doing yourself a disservice by not giving this one a try."
,Recommended,266210,11127937,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Sad Life Games,A surprisingly entertaining game that feels like a halfway point between the more classic roguelike Elona and a more unique roguelike such as Half Minute Hero. Definitely worth checking out.
76561198062577387,Recommended,266210,10852718,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,themullet,Just played it.  This gets addictive quickly!!
,Recommended,266210,10853479,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Talako,"Reminds me of Zelda on SNES and turn-based strag in an rpg.87cent, fun side scroller zelda-ish with turn-based strag with a darkness eating up everything on the left side, only one way to go and thats RIGHT.EDIT:Don't look back! Keep going forward and watch out for those houses/hut/mini dungeon.They might not have an exit"
,Recommended,266210,10860606,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,PheonixGRX,"Fun, Light, and easy to pick up and put back down again whenever you want."
76561198055207627,Recommended,266210,10896539,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hayeth,"Each session was Fast, entertaining and overall, makes each run feel not a waste, Simple enough as well, no complex mechanics, perfect to just pick up and play for 10 minutes ."
,Recommended,266210,10885094,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Destiny2WaitingRoom,VERY GOOD GAME KILLED LOST OF TIME AND DEMONLORDS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥IT WAS ONLY 87 CENTS.
,Recommended,266210,10887779,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lem0n,Fantastic game even if you don't particularly like rogue-likes. Great concept of pacing through being forced along which forces you to be efficient with your turns. There are many ways to win as well as build your character the way you like to play. Be a huge tank with tons of armor and a big axe or an agile hunter and never let enemies touch you or be a straight up treasure hunter and get all the fat loots. This is one of the most well put together rogue-likes and just games in general that I have played.
,Recommended,266210,10862400,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Freezer,fun basic game with a interesting concept - keep moving right! the world autoscrolls and you have to escape the darkness! the loot finding is fun along with the random element of the game and infinite replayability with random worlds
76561198065841050,Recommended,266210,10862848,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MorganAngelo,Very Addictive ... and annoying as well when you suddenly died from I don't know what happened lol
,Recommended,266210,10863083,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Drunk Oni's Paladin,"A roguelike RPG with the interesting concept of character placement, tactics, and finenite movement. It's a simple game, but interesting. Just like most roguelikes, they will show you tough love, but what fun is an easy game? I like this one, and it is worth. WORTH!"
,Recommended,266210,10867646,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Robin has hair,"I'm really torn about this game. It's fun for a while, but really quite repetitive and easy. But yet quick and fun. Get it if it's cheap enough -- it does have a strange appeal."
,Recommended,266210,10904074,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DancingPillows,"You might want to try this. Even if every SINGLE creature that sees you attacks you, I found this game fun.  No tutorial.  But seriously, don't hate because no tutorial.  Three buttons are easy to understand, so just find it yourself."
76561198114549818,Recommended,266210,10908803,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,str8upx,Very fun. Every world is different and difficult in its own way. Enjoyable if you like 2-d side scrollers.
76561198010071382,Recommended,266210,10917873,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Komrad Penguino,"Fun, addictive, has replay value. Win."
,Recommended,266210,10919897,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,núllpunktur,"The map is always scrolling, dammit. My vision is irreparably destroyed for it. I keep expecting the windows on my desktop to fall right off the screen."
,Recommended,266210,10921187,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Orcs Of Romair,"This game is suprisingly good and it is well worth buying, especially considering it is so cheap. Simple addictive gameplay and really good replayability 10/10 will keep playing."
,Recommended,266210,10912736,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,JimSwagga,"Darkness falls across the landThe demon's hour is close at handCreatures crawl in search of bloodTo terrorize your helpless knightdeath/10, would die again"
,Recommended,266210,11356206,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Rohan Kishibe,This game is totally fantastic. It puts an RPG spin on the rouglelike genre. Would recommend to anybody that is a fan of the genres.
,Recommended,266210,11357674,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,moTiff,"You will have a lot of fun exploring this game's mechanical depth and feeling like a hero, but only if you persist. Was a steal at 87 cents."
,Recommended,266210,11362804,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,A Darius Poro,"I recommend this if you can get it on sale. It's base price is not bad around 4 dollars but due to the sheer amount of luck you'd really need to make it to the end it might seem off putting; however this is offset by a New Game + type mechanic you can select items to take over and use on whatever character you choose. An interesting game to say the least due to each step taking a ""turn"" of sorts. If you want a fun little game that won't break your bank you'll enjoy this; however if you get annoyed at the game ""Messing with you"" then I would avoid it. It's a game to have fun with and push further with each time, not an instant win you get back what you put into it. And each win unlocks a new class to have."
,Recommended,266210,11349088,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,baby spaghetti boy,this game has an interesting gimmick and it's kind of fun?? not something i'd play for weeks. i think it's still getting updated though. this game has alot of potential.
76561198051346525,Recommended,266210,15922313,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Garet Jax,Great combination of procedurally generated and RPG.
76561198116127011,Recommended,266210,15909655,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,havoc7777,"This game is a fun Roguelike dungeon crawler where the entire world is your ""dungeon"". In this game the world is being engulfed by darkness and you have to outrun it while killing enemies, collecting treasure, and recruiting teammates along the way. Whats more is that each teammate has their own story you gradually learn as they travel with you as well as several alternate endings involving them. The goal of the game is to stop the darkness from spreading which you do by defeating the Dark Lord who appears after 400km (Walk in the park mode) or randomly set distances in every other mode. With Walk in the park (easy) mode the Dark Lord only spawns once but chases you indefinitely until either of you dies while with other modes the Dark Lord will despawn if he doesn't kill you within 3 hours game time (aprox 27 actions) and it's spawn timer will reset.After each attempt win or loose, the dungeon crawler portion of the game kicks in. Your performance will be rated and you will get an amount of hero points based on how well you did. These hero points are used to purchase bonuses to make your future attempts easier such as new perks, more dimensional vault room, and new classes. After your performance is rated if you already have the vault unlocked you are free to move your most important items to the vault which can be withdrawn at the start of your next attempt. I'd also like to point out that this game is very informal both through your fairy companion who answers your questions and through the tips you get if you die which actually analyzes how you diedOverall it's a really fun game I like it"
76561198118200159,Recommended,266210,15993828,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,eodguydave,"Finally a game that explains why a hero must go to the Right! Aside from that this a great game that I can knock out a quick adventure on my lunch break and feel satisfied with my progress. Sure it's no Final Fantasy 6, but that's not really what you looking for with this game. The graphics are 8-bit-ish styled, but honestly I really didn't notice to much as I was engrossed in the mechanics of play and trying to squeeze that last treasure chest before my final encounter with the boss. Also the game costs less than a Big Mac combo. Fast food is gone so fast, but I can see One Way Hero staying out of my digestive system for a good long bit."
,Recommended,266210,16005433,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Kamikaze,"If you enjoy great gameplay and depth rather than a truly crappy game that merely has amazing graphics, this is the game for you.  One Way Heroics is a game for indie fans, retro fans, and just plain 'great game' fans.  Replayablity is high and so is the difficulty.  You will not cruise through this game. But when you do win, its very satisfying."
76561198035165700,Recommended,266210,16158446,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Chrono,Graphics and effects are great! game is challenging and there are random generated worlds so you will never play same world (only if you want to) The price of low .. This game is masterpiece 10/10 ..
76561198000978569,Recommended,266210,16555082,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mistress Dizzy,"I got this game for less than a dollar, and I feel almost guilty about it. It's surprisingly time-consuming, and it's a lot of fun for something so simple. Just run right and don't stop. I keep finding myself going 'ok, one more run, one more world' because I feel I haven't seen it all.Definitely worth more than I paid. I recommend this to anyone, even people who don't play 'casual' games. This is a good bridge between something simple and something complex."
,Recommended,266210,16559838,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Little White Cuck Ball,"A tense as hell unique take on the adventure rpg, where you will not question trying to dig your way thought a solid brick wall with a spear."
76561198086138452,Recommended,266210,16564348,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BovotheBovine,Worth the 69 cents.
76561197962265431,Recommended,266210,16400538,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,zippy,"Great game that's very easy to get into.HUGE replayability as the premise is essentially the same for all maps, but different classes, perks, and difficulties make for an exciting, new adventure again and again.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,266210,16036483,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,kDawg,"Great, bit-sized RPG action!"
,Recommended,266210,16345572,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Felix,This game is awesome. Buy it.Hint: don't go left.
76561198049022362,Recommended,266210,16350637,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ClockworkRed,"I got this game during a sale but it would still have been completely worth it at full price. It's a fun, challenging rpg with different classes, items, and equipment. Each world is different due to randomization, and there are fun daily worlds that give you a companion at the start or some other effect. It's especially fun to collect items in your dimensional vault to use in future runs. Cannot recommend enough."
76561198110139364,Recommended,266210,16566604,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LightningDragon17,This game is better than it looks
,Recommended,266210,16571319,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DaiSemper,"To be honest, I was very skeptical when I heard this was a good game. Only after i bought it did I realize that it was true. The game is pretty straight forward and the name doesn't lie; you are forced to move to the right and fight the monsters you come into contact with. Along the way, you may come into contact with some companions that will help you fight. The companions each have their own story and quest that you can complete during your adventure. Collecting food and health items that are scattered throughout the randomly generated map are essential to your survival and can be the deciding factor between victory and a slow failure. There is a begginer mode that lets you fight the final boss after a set amount of time and you get two companions to help you through the battle. The normal mode is actually quite challenging as the final boss will chase you from time to time and the enemies are relentless in their efforts to destroy you. All in all, this game is well worth the money and is fit for those who like to casualy play and for those who like a good challenge from time to time."
76561198069817346,Recommended,266210,16312033,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Hush Barry,"Its a fantastic game that is well worth it. It is incredibly easy to pick up, but has a surprizing amount of depth. There are few things to complain about it, for the price, there are no other games that match up to the value."
76561198022734736,Recommended,266210,16317104,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,umarine199,"A rougelite with the novel concept of always moving right lest the wall of darkness consumes your character. Overall a fun simple game with a nice little ""multiplayer"" component (bascially you can track other player's progress and their ghosts can appear in your game to gift you exp and items). There are multiple classes and perks  which leads to a good deal of customization. There's more to the story than initially seems and unlocking new content is reasonably fun.Music is nice, but not really standout, sound effects and the like do their job.Overall an enjoyable game, just wait till it's discounted before purchasing."
76561198015399489,Recommended,266210,16336247,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,vortex,This is a pretty awesome game. Highly reccommend it.
,Recommended,266210,16337243,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Not Maxwell,"I got this game just as a nice time burner, but it ended up being so much more! This game is easy to pick up and has a high skill cap, I love it and cant wait to put endless hours into it."
76561198166166983,Recommended,266210,15681553,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mr Muy Chingon,"Got hooked instantly , great game (:"
,Recommended,266210,13483074,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,LukoriusTheMeh,"A different RPG compared to the rest of the genre, One Way Heroics is a charming little title that I had know Idea what to expect when I bought it but I'm happy I did! It has the huge open world exploration and exellent turn-based combat I love from other RPGs, with the added veil of darkness that makes the whole time you play feel that there is some huge impending evil constantly following... watching... consuming...All in all, I love this game and would recommend this to anyone that wants an great RPG with a ingenious twist!"
,Recommended,266210,16779332,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,"Rando, Better for the Soul","I truly love this game.  Very, very fun and addictive.  Clever design mechanics at work!  Familiar yet fresh.  Gets my top recommendation for those who love Roguelikes and fast-paced tactical RPG action."
,Recommended,266210,16665967,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,E^^,"Best 69 cents I've ever spent on a game. Rogue-like characteristics, but with some continuity to keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,266210,16701656,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MathiuKislev,"While seeming to have simple mechanics, they are rewarding and distinctive in their combination into a comprehensive gameplay I would expect more out of a mid-90's game than anything in the modern era of gaming. Has considerable replay value when coupled with its randomized maps and feature special maps that change fairly regularly. I regret putting off buying this, and it's well worth the humble price."
76561198040023375,Recommended,266210,16702336,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,rhythmicSmasher,"An awesome roguelike with great DLC on the way. Get it, play it, conquer it."
,Recommended,266210,16708866,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Trezl,"There's a bit of a learning curve, but a fun concept, and you can play rounds in short bursts of time.  I don't notice a huge difference between the classes at this point, but I've only unlocked a couple.Fun indie game for the price."
76561198031414702,Recommended,266210,16766935,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Derpmega,"Accidentally threw a stick at a NPC while trying to sell it to them. One-shot the NPC. Guards stood by and did nothing.10/10 would throw stick again.-------------------------------------------------------One Way Heroics is a side-scrolling rouge-like turn-based RPG in which the Player attempts to claim victory by defeating their evil adversary. However, even in defeat, one can carry over items and gain hero points, which can be used to unlock new perks and classes. The game even gives you advice based on how well you did on your run.As for playtime, the game varies on a case-by-case basis. Although there's a wide range of things to do- find companions, unlock epilogues, beat the game without using x, maniac mode, and other achievements, one may find themselves interested in some things more than others.For the people who run out of these things, the game offers daily campaigns, all with unique aspects, whether that includes no level ups, a companion off the start, or all NPCs being merchants.All things considered, there's a lot of value here for a game that's only $3.49, and One Way Heroics Plus, a DLC expansion, is coming soon. How soon? As of this review, the acheivements are up for the expansion.I highly recommend the game. The amount of content and humor in this game is definitely worth the money, especially when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,266210,17439037,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,XxKINGKICKASSxX,"Good time-waster, tons of replayability, many different classes to choose from. Great for those who like turn-based RPGs, not so great for those who like to backtrack."
,Recommended,266210,16949353,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,hotdog,"It is a challenge to make serious progress in. Despite reaching the demon, I was killed because I couldn't climb a mountain fast enough.Do I recommend this game?YesWhy?At first it might not seem like it, but every move you make has to be calculated. What seems like a simple trip to town could spell death. The game appears to have great replay value as it procedurally spawns new areas and new challenges await as you move further right."
,Recommended,266210,13511748,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Distant Waves,"Fun little game I picked up for $0.87. Between either buying this or a Snickers bar, the replay value on this is much better than that of a Snicker's bar."
,Recommended,266210,17393115,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,jamoone,great game. a lot more to it than you think when you start playing it
,Recommended,266210,17344379,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,its probably good
76561198077628488,Recommended,266210,17370137,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Noctua Spell,"Great game, more versatile than you would think at first with a lot of hidden possibilities. You'll discover them as you play the game with different characters, weapons and items and eventually discover a lot about the reason the darkness is swallowing the world.Definitely recommend this!"
76561198033390682,Recommended,266210,17374237,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,The_Doctor,very fun game hours of fun? expect to die alot!
76561198219838023,Recommended,266210,18559985,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,RedEyeAssassin,it's a good game but i came by what i would call a problem if you defeatat the demon lord with a save character that died you still get the cape but you can't put it in the vault/
76561198178669639,Recommended,266210,18750908,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SomeRandomAxolotl,great game i love it
,Recommended,266210,18922198,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,DreamStar,"This game is super addictive and fun! I can't stop playing it!It mixes elements of old school RPG games with rouge-like tactics. It has lots of achievements to work on and things to unlock, giving it excellent replay value! Grinding for better gear, extra classes and stat unlocks is a lot more fun than in RPGs (which can get very repetitive) and you get a new map every time so there is always something to explore (unless you choose to visit a previously generated map, which is also an option.)You also have the ability to save mid-run (by buying certain items or finding certain people) so you can return to your progress if you make a mistake you can try again, which is really refreshing for rouge-like games. Difficulty options are unlocked as you progress, so you are always challenged!The graphics and music fit the old school fantasy RPG theme perfectly!I got this game on sale, but even at full price I think this game is worth it! I am enjoying it so much, I am seriously considering buying the DLC now too!!"
,Recommended,266210,18947624,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Platinum,7/10 - This gameplay is so unique and fun that you can't dislike it... unless you only like easy games.
76561197996503472,Recommended,266210,9588942,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Arcane Azmadi,"Simply one of the best deals on Steam. While it's not free-to-play, you know what that means these days? It means no microtransactions, no extra bells and whistles tugging at your wallet, what you pay for is what you get, while at a mere$3.50it might as well be free!As for the game itself? It's GREAT! A frenetic roguelike with an old-school SNES vibe and attractive retro graphics, fast-paced gameplay (despite being turn-based), STACKS of content to unlock, huge replayability and variety, cute design and some amusing humour, this game is MORE than worth the $3.50 asking price. Up there with FTL, Rogues Legacy and The Binding of Isaac as one of the best cheap roguelikes on Steam. Get it. Now."
76561198021699409,Recommended,266210,17632091,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,morgan-alex,"Picked this up on a whim during a sale and was surprised with it.Honestly love it, and can't really think of any cons.Gameplay is simple yet entertaining, feels like an old school RPG.The game is as long as you want to make it, which is an interesting concept, and well done in my opinion.The story and characters are pretty basic, but I see that as a plus, as they end up being pretty charming and likable, compared to other games that have a million and two lines of backstory, but say a grand total of nothing.It's overall a pretty refreshing and fun game."
,Recommended,266210,17636254,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Mr.Aggressive Duck (Brenden),"This game is like an old snes game, but with a mix of new age stuff."
,Recommended,266210,17636797,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,SPY TOAST,"Once you get the hang of it, this game is pretty fun and very deep.  Until then, expect to get killed some."
,Recommended,266210,17703158,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Lyna,"So, you want to know if I recommend this game do you?I do!Heres why!Don't judge the book by its coverCountless choices to make, which could make or break run as the longer you progress the strong the demonlord becomes. However what if you don't want to fight the demonlord? Befriend him, and take him to fight to the true bossThe ever growing darkness you had run from the whole time!Gear/Items galorProgressing through the world will net you countless weapons and armor. But the fun doesn't end there! You will occasionaly find scrolls that can enchant your weapon/armor to make them stronger,ignite enemies, confuse enemies, and root them in place. Really like your weapon? Store it in the vault to use it in your next run to get an upper hand earlier.Allies/QuestsThrough out your time playing, you will come across allies that can help you in various ways and interact with other characters that might have otherwise attacked you if you didn't have them with you. You might find allies that only fight others might have unique abilities to help you get good items and others... are a little bit unique in thier own way. Some of the allies you come across have quests that they ask you to help them with and reward you for completing it often with strong gear you cant get else where.Countless UnlocksAchivements for death can be used to unlock perks, classes faster, or extra vaultspace which in turn makes you upcoming runs easier or allow you to do things you couldn't without them. Get extra gold at the start to make use of the random shop/fortune teller that spawns at the start. Possibly get extra Charm to get an ally ealier to help you. Bring a loyal pet to assist you in fights that levels beside you. The amount of things you can discover and unlock are insane.Now, with that out of the way. There are infact some flaws to the game that might be a turn off to some people and here are a few i have noticed.Turn offs for someGrindy GameplayYou are not going to be that strong from the very start, and it will take quite a few runs to get up to a good standing. Some runs can last up to an hour in length just to complete. Even some areas can't be accessed without the proper items(However this can be avoided by killing the npc/breaking down the door!)Repetitive GameplayAs you might have noticed all you pretty much do is move right, and that restricts you to explores all of the map sometimes. With the only way to unlock perks/extra vaultspace is by building up enough points from winning/losing a run. the first 30~40 minutes of the game are going to be fighting only the first boss due to it being to hard/impossible to fight the other boss/achieve the other ending.Easy/Hard DifficultySome parts of the game are extremely easy and don't take much effort to complete where others can take hours to achieve and sometimes go wasted when you die and forget to save. With a learning curb that can make some parts of the game a cakewalk while simply not knowing can add time onto your run.Overall Opinion 8/10If you think you might enjoy the game, go ahead and buy it as its rather suprising how much there is in store for you!Best .87 cents of my life."
,Recommended,266210,30480324,Posted: 12 March,all,holoandwolf,3/12/2017 date of reviewwhere can I begin such a lovely crafted game surprising for such a basic concept to be delivered so wellkey points-very nice difficulty curve and general difficulty starting up-a new twist of the RPG genre-very good price to quality and content-very tough decisions within runs-also is rogue-lite-and because of it being  8-bit low end computers can try this and I definitely recommend it3/14/2017 date of review updatenew key points-weapon durability done right in video games since most games don't give the field correctly-surprises await and Punishment for trying to think you can do everything-surprisingly easy to pick up and play again-but still keeping the fun of traditional RPGs
,Recommended,266210,17639947,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,RustyPete,"""One Way Heroics"" is a great game! The only problem is it doesn't have a tutorial so it can be a little frustrating at first, but the controls are simple enought to pick up."
,Recommended,266210,17646304,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[HSL] Stryck,"This is a great little roguelike most similar to the mystery dungeon series.  It has meta-progression, with perks, classes, and a castle to build between runs.  Each run (so far) takes about one hour.  Classes play very differently.  Replay value is very high."
,Recommended,266210,17647135,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,EpicPomegraNATE,"So if you ever played mystery dungeon blue rescue team its a mix of that but with link and a little bit of a hack and slash. I recommend this gam its so fun and the first time i died so quickly but it was so cool i just kept going and going after a few moments of playing you get the hang of it and its super fun, and the best part you can play with other ppl and if they die you can loot their stuff after you kill their ghost xD."
76561198069162065,Recommended,266210,17714675,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,luckcod,i love watching youtube and playing this game. Its alot of fun!
76561198062805699,Recommended,266210,17717167,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sync2000,Definitely one of the best games you can get for under 5.00$
,Recommended,266210,17717882,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,"""Lesions"" Yagat",All thanks to my misplaced equipment!
,Recommended,266210,17719092,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,drone110266,fun game
76561198029980490,Recommended,266210,17719410,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,panzerrunner,Missing girl escort simulator -- 10/10
,Recommended,266210,17684563,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Buttpoop,"If you're into roguelike games you will be more than satisfied with One Way Heroics. When you first start playing, you will die a trillion times, but the depth of progression and fun of exploring the randomized dimensions is well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,266210,17691878,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,\(THE CHOSEN ONE)/,I love it!!!
,Recommended,266210,17694846,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Floog,"A simple, easy to understand roguelike that's challenging for newcomers and roguelike pros alike. It's always on sale for ridiculously cheap, too, and it has trading cards, so it's almost a no-brainer."
,Recommended,266210,17343240,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Paranoia,Love the music and the twist ._.Hype Train all the way for OWH+
,Recommended,266210,17708614,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Brandon's Quest,All i have to say is i made a fist fighter with an Irish name and i made him get drunk.Everone died to being punched and have stuff thrown at them.10 out of 10
,Recommended,266210,17709336,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,RubenP,Really good game 9/10It has good replayability and makes you want to try new challenges.This is what games are missing nowadays. Good one.
76561198070300002,Recommended,266210,17838546,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Voidblade6,10 out of 10fancy graphics totally not thereIts place is a turn based rpg that plays functionally like a real time rpgif your looking for something deep story well this isnt it.anyways my lack of eloquence is killing me so im just going to go kill the demon lord.not sure why i like to kill that dude so much but i just have to hope im not consumed by the darkness.
76561198018841447,Recommended,266210,15590254,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,OuterLimits,"Bought this for an irresistable $1 when it was 75% off and, this is probably the best $1 I have spent on any game that I have played, let alone all the time I have already invested into it.  To really sum it up, If you grew up playing games like Final Fantasy, Breath of Fire 3, Vandal Hearts and Saga Frontier 2, then this game is right up your alley.Side note: This game is best played with a USB plug gaming controller in front of a 50"" screen TV."
,Recommended,266210,16743235,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sophie HP,"While it may feel easier than other rogue-likes out there, One Way heroics is a fun, fast paced and addictive game. In a way, every time you play you make your next plays a bit easier and every difficulty level add new complexities to the game and more information is revealed about the true nature of the evil you're fighting against. For it's low price it's a very nice addition to my steam library, probably would be to yours as well."
,Recommended,266210,16489846,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,the9godsofhell,"Quick rpg. Nothing to heavy to start with. Simple story. Nice rogue-like with the ability to buffer the normal diffcultly curve with the dimensional vault.At first it seems easy, but things are far harder then they appear on the surface. When you learn the system things start to get easy again, then minotars..."
,Recommended,266210,16623094,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gemini Factor,There's a reason the reviews are Overwhelmingly Positive.This game is great. Battle across a doomed world to gain the attention of the Demon Lord. Unlock classes and perk by playing more and surviving longer. It's such a simple looking game that actually has a ton of depth and replayability. Buy it if you like JRPGs and/or Roguelikes.
,Recommended,266210,16685497,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Huyo,Awesome game. Well worth the money with or without sale.
,Recommended,266210,16686005,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mantis The Birb,"When I grabbed this while it was on sale, I expected a crappy over-difficult game. What I got instead was a huge extensive turn-based RPG that was incredibly fun. I can't wait for the release of OWH:Plus on Steam, because from what I've seen it adds quite a bit to the game."
76561198117084746,Recommended,266210,16637336,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,david0mcclung,"This is a great game, but it's very unstable regardless of the settings. For the price, it seems wrong to give the game a negative review."
,Recommended,266210,16689994,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sluggy The Unshaven,I LIVE. I DIE. I LIVE AGAIN!
76561198033197087,Recommended,266210,16691804,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,FRE$H PRINCE OF GGG THEFT118-110,"I have only played it for 2 hours but I love it! There is endless replayability with randomly generated worlds, and it is very incremental which is my favourite game type!"
,Recommended,266210,16438731,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ika! \( ^-^)/,You can wear fairy as armor
,Recommended,266210,16605154,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cute Jewish Boy,"I bought this game expecting it to be meh, I mean I bought it for 75 cents, it couldn't be good. BOY WAS I WRONG. This game brings the nostalgia of old school RPGS (and all the rage they induced) and inputs BEAUTIFUL artwork and Party members that are intriguing. Not to mention the daily realms that you can see, or you can join your own. All in all this game is actually really well made and definitely worth the pickup."
76561197963471082,Recommended,266210,16605823,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Roy Greenhilt,"Takes a minute to get used to, but fun and challenging once you spend some time farming.  Not a particularly deep gaming expierence, but I'd say you get some really good value based on the price of this game."
76561198012567096,Recommended,266210,16608180,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sanguinius,Got it on sale for 0.69 cents wouldve easily payed 5 bucks for this good solid game
,Recommended,266210,16612963,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kenshinta,So much fun from such a simple premise. A seriously worthwhile buy for the price.
76561198024251618,Recommended,266210,16581858,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BCTrooper,"I cannot recommend this game more. It looks simple but it is old school and actually has quite a bit of depth. Even once you have completed all modes WITH maniac mode <ON> you will still feel the need to play again, just to improve on what you have already achieved!"
,Recommended,266210,16634769,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Qelris,"I don't usually care about games made by RPG Makers, but when I saw this one at its release, it caught my interest.It is a turn-based roguelite where you are running away from the darkness that is engulfing the world, while looking around for mobs to kill and loots in order to defeat the evil. While there isn't too much to it, the game is cheap(especially when on sale) and is probably the best game made by RPG Maker that I've played."
,Recommended,266210,16637912,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Laious,"This game is surprisingly good! It may not seem much at first, but it becomes addictive very fast. Its challenging, very fun, easy to learn and (maybe the best feature) you can customize your character in a lot of ways. I Totally recommend it, specially for such a low price."
,Recommended,266210,16729549,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,carlos_baldellou,"Wow. I'm surprised by this game. It's really entertaining. You get a hero, go defeat the evil and level up. But you can only go to the right. If something dissapears on the left of the map, you can't get it. It's lost forever. You can unlock new classes and perks to pass to the next adventurer and also you can keep items on the dimensional vault that the next adventurer can grab. It sounds really simple, but it works really well.If i had to ask for something more, it will be the ability to rebind keys. Using directional arrows instead of wasd is weird and you can rebind the other actions. It would be a nice addition that can always go better."
76561198062956563,Recommended,266210,16662908,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,gudare,"For the price, it's hard to beat.  It's nothing spectacular or groundbreaking, but it's definately amusing.  It's tightly built and I haven't ran into a glitch yet, it's reasonably easy to pick up in a game or two, and it's got some replay value for when you want something to fill 15 minutes.You won't be building a lifetime around this game, but you'll definitely get your $1's worth.  What more do you want?  10/10, will die again."
,Recommended,266210,18270801,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Tim,"This game, enough good things could not be said."
76561198043495131,Recommended,266210,18414346,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Rayllumen,The game is very fun and I can keep on playing it! The randomgen is the best part about it and I love a good RPG game that gives me a challenge!
76561198120929405,Recommended,266210,18421674,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,RedLoot,"This game was great. I started off having no idea what to do and I died a couple of times, but I was able to get the hang of it fairly quickly. If you are a fan of RPGs then you should definitely get this game."
,Recommended,266210,18431601,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Guy With A Lady Fetish,AWEsome
76561197995975707,Recommended,266210,18431034,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Thanatos,"This game is quite an enjoyable time waster, and offers a lot of replayability. It is very simple to pick up and play, but at the same time offers a good challenge for those who are looking for one."
,Recommended,266210,18393386,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Ace,i got around to really playing this game and got hooked on it. after so much death i finally beat a map and it feels sooooo good. great game and im gonna play it some more.
76561198029887848,Recommended,266210,18256713,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DAVA,"At 151km I run into an ultimate villian white horse in a field. After awakening twice, using great wall and just swinging over and over, I get it down to 10% when it turns and runs straight into the darkness.10/10"
,Recommended,266210,15554657,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,BaoBaoBaoBab,"At first it feels like the game is repetitive and unrewarding. Then you learn the little tricks to staying alive and figure out good dimensions to spend most of your time in. All of a sudden, the game gets that much more fun. I spent $7.36 on this game and its DLC and this is one of the few games that I keep coming back to."
,Recommended,266210,18008211,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,GameFruit51,"Buy this game, YOU will love this game so much. This is the game where I spent most of my offline playing on. I spent litterally over 100 hours in offline play. Sometimes I wish that steam counted offline playtime."
76561198113247644,Recommended,266210,18244786,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Raon,Worth more than its price.Great gameplay.Oldschool music.Hard game.Not a waste of time as you have much joy playing it.
,Recommended,266210,18240780,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Magolwes,"Tried to walk to the left...died!Walk for 3 sec to the right, attacked by a cute dog...died!Awesome! 13/10 would run to the left again!"
,Recommended,266210,18106507,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Syvien,"Decent replay value, unlock new classes or add a plot to you quest by coming across a wanderer. Shape your adventure, but quickly, for the darkness is approaching quickly."
76561198069093048,Recommended,266210,18114731,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Gigaflare,"A beautiful little Bitgame that was created with great attention in my view . At first it's hard to get into the game, but I think exactly that also constitutes part of the appeal. On one Hand the story is pretty easy written, but contains on the other hand so much deep feelings. It may not become the game of the year, but for me it was so much fun playing this tiny peace of perfection and i would recoment it to EVERYONE that likes playing retro-indiegames with something, that other games totally miss.... a heart."
76561198036130543,Recommended,266210,17994805,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mauix,"Turned based, JRPG, rouge-lite, indie, what more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,266210,16613342,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ele,"When I have free time this is one first games I go to. It may be hard to play at first, but once you get use to it, then it easy to play."
,Recommended,266210,18516603,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Tari,"Incredibly high replayability. Surprisingly deep gameplay, requires you to think about your every move, especially on higher difficulties past 1xxx km."
,Recommended,266210,18568973,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Officer Bananas,"Fun little rouge-lite.It's good, cheap fun.My only real complaint is the expansion costing more than the game itself"
,Recommended,266210,18571307,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,-SNiGS- Maverick,"i wasn't expecting to enjoy this game, i'm fairly lazy and only look at screenshots, but it's actually pretty solid. Wish i had a wireless controller to play in bed though, just seems more appropriate of a game to relax while playing."
76561198039598697,Recommended,266210,18636482,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Snopy Saika,"Probably one of my favorite games on Steam.  It's a rogue-like game, except the catch is the screen is always moving to the right, and if you get swallowed by the darkness on the left side of the screen you die.  It does always keep you moving, and makes exploring the small dungeons you may come across rather quick, but that is part of this game's charm.  It is loads of fun, quite challenging, and has tons of different ends.  Since every world is different, no two games will play the same.  I definitely recommend it (it is 3 dollars, technically under a dollar as of the sale at the time of this review) as it is well worth the money.  And if you like the game, the expansion is also well worth the cost and has some excellent additions to the game."
76561198106938602,Recommended,266210,18629511,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,QuantumPenguin_131,"Just started playing, and I am already hooked; I haven't come across such an addicting game since The Binding Of Isaac. Very nice!"
76561198076544682,Recommended,266210,18640114,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ayukata,Awesome game !
76561198132240787,Recommended,266210,17856971,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[stealers.net]AmazingB,"GREAT MUSIC AWESOME GAMEPLAYfor 1 i love the music in this awesome game its like if kingdom hearts ,dragonquest , and legeand of zelda musics had a baby and the gameplay is also really good but hard to master.... now the flaws ... the button macanic needs a ;ittle work by that i mean have a opyion that you can change the buttonsso your game in my book is in a word AWESOME"
,Recommended,266210,17847139,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Jacob,Such a great spin on the mystery dungeon genre! This is something anyone could spend dozens of hours into.
,Recommended,266210,18122456,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SuitUpHewgz,"It was hard to understand how the game worked at first, but after a little bit I figured it out. It's a simple game with an interesting concept. You can only move in one direction, hence the title. If you are caught on the far left side of the screen, you can die. So you always have to move forward. Each move causes the screen to move, so the more time you waste in one position, the less time you have to escape the left side of the screen. It sounds weird but you'll understand when you get into the game. Now, the game is simple, you buy equipment, level up, and defeat enemies. It's pretty difficult to fight the first boss at first, but at least you can transfer items from your first playthrough to the next one, making it easier. You can also receruit party members if your charisma is high enough. Just like in Magicite, another permanent death game, the point is to play multiple times to increase your stats and chances of survival. You'll get more bonuses to your character and it'll be easier to move on. The game is great when it's on sale! I think I got it for less than a dollar."
,Recommended,266210,18703950,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kanzooki,"Such an amazing little game which provides a large challenge, catchy music themes and a whole load of enjoyment for only a small price."
76561198047548223,Recommended,266210,18701957,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ness Keyhand,"A good and cheap rogue-like, where NUDITY IS POWER !"
,Recommended,266210,18624223,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,RoyalFreshness44,"LIVE FAST DIE YOUNG, LIVE FAST DIE YOUNG, GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥KICKED DO IT AGAIN, LIVE FAST DIE YOUNG, LIVE FAST DIE YOUNG, GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥KICKED DO IT AGAIN.10/10"
,Recommended,266210,18788130,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,please be patient I have autmis,Goes for less than $1 on sales. Definitely worth the buy with the replay value - and a plus if you're fan of JRPGs and roguelikes!
,Recommended,266210,11128658,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Overswarm,"Worth a cheap buy, but don't spend too much on it. It's a fun game to play and figure out and a good ""my first roguelike"" type of game, but the challenge isn't particularly difficult as the game is designed solely around losing and carrying the good equipment with you. Eventually you get to a point where you CANNOT lose!It's a fun experience and a unique concept, worth a cheap purchase."
,Recommended,266210,11129101,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Jon the Red,"One Way Heroics is simple: pick your class, stats, and perks, and start heading to the right to flee the advancing darkness.  Roguelike influences abound; the game is heavily randomized, and dying will force you to start over again (though your progress can grant you upgrades, like new perks or more storage space to pass items from your dead character to the living ones).The game is perfect for play in short bursts, and can often be found very cheap in the midst of a sale, so you may as well pick it up!"
,Recommended,266210,11132358,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,fuck head ned,This game is mildly cool!!!
76561198088267977,Recommended,266210,12293062,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Askara #Wrath,Lots of replay value 10/10
76561198068096764,Recommended,266210,23740106,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SilkyMouse,"Really solid if you're looking to burn time in a public place, as you can play and quit playing quickly without much immersion breaking."
,Recommended,266210,23841974,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Who the fuck just,"really unique concept that suffers a bit from some enemies being too weak or strong for your level~you can buff equipment to be crazy stong, but they will break if you don't find repair scrolls, which were fairly uncommon for me+great roguelike that I greatly enjoyed despite it being a rpgmaker game~really stretches the limit of the rpgmaker genre+excellent concept that creates an imposing threat for a turn by turn game+inherent abilities let you escape being killed by the death wall or bad rng by stopping time+each class feels different to play and each rewards you+doing well unlocks upgrade points to buy more storage for items to carry over+as long as it doesn't break, you can store items in your vault-animals are really weak, while evil knights and minotaurs are exceedingly strong~bandits can be a good challenge or a casual filter-opening chests requires lockpicking and even with that it's often better to bash the chest open-chest rewards are pretty poor, and cost an exceedingly long time to open, often putting you close to death for a couple silver-chests, dungeons, and towns can be way out of reach, making any attempt at them pointless because of the materiel cost of surviving them-getting too many weak animal enemies leaves you underleveled when you fight the really tough enemies-equipment breaking is not obvious, a couple runs i was killing things naked because I didn't realize that my stuff was broken+stat screens give plenty of data on how things generally work, plenty of other games like to lie to the playerif you like classic roguelikes this game is a must have, I'm also told that the dlc, owh+, greatly overhauls the formula and general gameplay."
,Recommended,266210,23835887,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Coupon11,"An addicting and enjoyable roguelike. The transferring over with saves is interesting, and the random maps make the game replayable. The story and items are simple, as well as all of the mechanics, yet there is still a since of discovery as you find different things on each world. I highly recommend it; get the DLC as well."
,Recommended,266210,16033488,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Adiutrix Pia Fidelis,Good luckAnd i still defeated Demon Lord !!
,Recommended,266210,23929993,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Belgerum,"A great RPG game, with a unigue outlook on the world map, combat, with a twist that make the game action-packed, strategic, and hectic while not wearing you down, giving you time to plan each move, and plenty of options to move forward. While I might have liked the game even more if it had expanded it's story a bit, the gameplay itself is fun, engaging, and very addictive.Don't think you'll just play this game only once. It has replay value like you wouldn't believe, and even if you succeed at one goal, there will be many more waiting for you."
76561198141967531,Recommended,266210,23949972,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Rai Dreemurr,"I didnt expect much when I bought this game. I only wanted to get something fun for the leftovers on my psc. I dont regret giving this game a chance, it was better than I ever hoped for.Now the combat and the gameplay is unique as such. You can only go straight to the right, therefor the name, but you have surprisingly much to take care of while walking that one way. You need to level your character, find equipment and food and prepare yourself for the final battle which starts at 400 distance for easy difficulty and at 100 for harder difficulty. It took me a while to even make it to the final battle at first, having to keep track of my own stamina, equipment and levels. I often rushed into dungeons filled with monsters I couldnt beat yet, or made dumb descisions which killed me. Its rather punishing since you can only save for either a 5 level cost or by dropping a save crystal. But that doesnt mean it's less fun, just more challanging.+ You have different classes to pick from, each have their own playstyle with strengths and weaknesses. Some might not even be able to fight at all.+ You gain points after each run, which you can invest to build a vault to store items for your next character or to unlock new traits.+ You have different difficulties, even different gamemodes, changing the enemy / items or the way you start.+ A playthrough doesnt take very long, so you can play it whenever you are up for it, without getting as invested as in big games like Fallout or Witcher.+ Has some really good soundtrack and Artstyle- Once you beat all the difficulties with all classes I guess there's not much to do.- Can't think of anything else to list here."
76561197980580174,Recommended,266210,23811903,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,bklemchak,"One way heroics is easy-to-learn and enjoyable to play roguelike for quick gameplay sessions. It is a great overall value with high replayability (lots of perks to unlock, different character classes and achievements) and a very low price of $0.87 on sale."
,Recommended,266210,23788017,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Weekender,Good as it gets. Addicting.
76561198122364174,Recommended,266210,9494511,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,The Bane of Bane,"While still in progress, one way heroics is definetly a new, origanal take on rpg's, where instead of being given unlimited time, is constantly forced to keep moving. It has several key features that makes it stand out, such as apprasals, to find out the stats of randomly found items, forced to eat to regenerate energy, and more. And with several things such as perks and class to change your playstyle, it's not straying to far from popular RPG's to the point that it's risky. My personal favorite is that one playthrough takes 15 minutes, 20 tops. Only got a little bit of time? Not a problem. I'd recommemd this to anybody who is even remotely interested in RPG's, because if as, I can almost guarentee it's worth your cash. And even if it's unsatisfactory, it only cost a few bucks!"
,Recommended,266210,9495828,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Raxvar,"JRPG flavored roguelike with a surprising amount of depth, content, and replayability, as well as a complete lack of grinding. It would be completely worth it at several times the price."
76561198018968948,Recommended,266210,10148347,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,bigjoel737,"Basically a rogue-like with a procrastination prevention method.  The Darkness in the game keeps you continually advancing to the right of screen.  Otherwise you die.  This is a consistent play mechanic.  Otherwise the levels, or ""dimensions"" are randomly assigned from a large specifically coded database, and the game saves your last 2 recent ones.  So, if you played a dimension you really liked, you can come back to it.  If the next random one generates a virtually impassable mountain range, you can go back to the first one.  I'd recommend keeping a list of the favourable dimensions.You're given a choice of a variety of classes, with more unlockable as you play, with little restriction on equipment.  Nevertheless, some classes are geared to more specific weapons and styles of play than others.  You can also unlock perks that help out in general, and can give that bit of a boost to a class that may otherwise lie outside your usual play style.  You can also save items and equipment to your Dimension Vault to take between playthroughs, but I haven't found anything awesome enough yet to make it worth finding out how to retrieve it.And fear not, those on lunch breaks, there is a save feature.  It does require either buying a Save Crystal item, or finding an NPC who will save your game.  But if you've invested time on especially the higher difficulties, you can come back to a game you may not have had time to finish in one sitting.As far as price and gameplay value go, it gets a thumbs up from me."
76561198154765239,Recommended,266210,13234413,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,sora's 青かった星,"Better than I expected.  I enjoyed the events and some party members.  Wish some of the party members had ranged attacks though.A very good value, especially considering it's less than $5."
,Recommended,266210,13262040,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Wyvner,nice
76561198043850254,Recommended,266210,13214782,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,StultiZero(ALT),"50 negative reviews to 1500 postive reviews, enough said. You can't do better for 3.49 and it often goes on sale as well."
76561198025076015,Recommended,266210,13250019,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,lolatbob,"Fun little game. I recommend snatching it next time it's on sale. Gameplay is rougelike-ish, except you can keep an item on death (You can expand this, buy perks and new classes with hero points, which you gain for progress in the game). The daily campaigns are neat and unique, as is the ""multiplayer"" aspect of meeting players ghosts in the world who died at certain points in the map."
,Recommended,266210,13245639,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,The100thNinja,"The controls are hard to get use to at first, but the game becomes fun fast.  It requires you to stratagize and think ahead."
,Recommended,266210,13271345,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Chaotic Zombie,"Blew away my expectations, great game."
,Recommended,266210,13273111,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,NonFriendlyMurderingSort,"Loved it for its old-style looks, nad the music is amazingAlso, there's an achievement for going nakedWhat else could you ask for?"
,Recommended,266210,13273112,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,NonFriendlyMurderingSort,"Loved it for its old-style looks, nad the music is amazingAlso, there's an achievement for going nakedWhat else could you ask for?"
,Recommended,266210,13273113,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,NonFriendlyMurderingSort,"Loved it for its old-style looks, and the music is amazingAlso, there's an achievement for going nakedWhat else could you ask for?"
,Recommended,266210,11604449,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Jesse,"this is the game right herekawaii music, kawaii characters, kawaii everything"
,Recommended,266210,11654574,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Ivalla Ergale,Lovely concept amazing stories. As a role-player this is a great game in my eyes. Plus it's cheap ^v^
76561198126280492,Recommended,266210,11512518,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Urist,"""Journal Excerpt No. 5: Hefting my Longsword on my shoulder I sprinted away from the golem. In past lives I have always been killed by golems. This time I hope to escape. I used my awakening power to stop time for a short while so I can easily escape the golem. Finding a small village I ran inside hoping for the guards to save me. The golem took them apart. Suddenly my way was blocked by a mountain pass. There was no way I could scale it in time without taking a dozen hits from the monster. I am doomed. My last thoughts as the golem clobbers me is this, 'I hope that this haracter earns lots of hero points' ""This is a very fun rogue-like. Dont be confused about my lack of play time because I have played this before it was released on Steam.Basically it is a rogue-like game that is different in the fact that there are no real dungeons and the ""darkness"" follows you across the world. Touching the darkness kills you instantly.There is still random treasure and random world generation but it has a different spin on it. Instead of dungeons and narrow, dark pathways, it is a large strip of earth with mountains, water and lava. There are random NPC'S and little monster houses that are filled with enemies and treasure.Each game that you start you choose your characters name, class and up to 3 perks that change the gameplay. Each time that you die (it will happen) you are awarded ""Hero Points"" based on things like how far your guy got, what level you died at, how many monsters you killed and the like. These Hero Points are used to buy things like more classes, more perks and let you upgrade the amount of slots in this Between-Game inventory. This inventory lets you save OP items and stuff that you got in your last game to be used in your next game. you need to buy the slots though.It isnt a very difficult game to grasp. On my first game my Hero Point score was 3.  By my second my Hero Point score was 8, and by my third my score was 91 due to killing the final boss and being an all-around nice guy. These were all on the easy mode though. The next mode is much harder.For $3.50 I recommend this game for being simple, fun and have tons of replayability."
,Recommended,266210,11622765,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Mr Tophat Jones,Great Game.
,Recommended,266210,11625301,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Duke Devilyn,Been playing alot of One Way Heroics and I just can't stop it is alot of fun and It's really cheap game for how in depth it can be Great game just everywhere 10.5/10
,Recommended,266210,11629478,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,RA|» Peterdens,Really good game!
76561198055167731,Recommended,266210,11583423,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Phil,"This game seems to be a petit little gem, satisfy some boredom for a few minutes until you find something else to do, but if you think this game is anything like that...Then you are sadly mistakenI shelved this game for a little while, playing it and thinking it was a quaint little game, but I picked it up again, and I have been whole-heartedly enraptured by this game.All the mechanics are easy to learn and fun to use, while its simplistic art style is very appealing, as well as the EXTREME satisfaction of completing the game for your very first time.This game is not for everyone, but for the people who truly enjoy things like this, it is a worth while collection to your library"
76561198039759898,Recommended,266210,11815540,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Binoc2bird,"Though a little simple, this game is definitely worth the purchase--such a steal for its price! The classes and weapons don't really vary too much, but the difficulty and sense of discovery make it a fun way to kill time. Plus, you can challenge yourself to do something different each run."
76561198041358757,Recommended,266210,11064507,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Slasher050,"I remember browsing some cheap games on the Summer Sale when I came across this One Way Heroics, for only 75 cents at that time I didn't really expected it to be that good. A couple of days later I bought it and was quite suprised of how good it was.The concept is pretty simple: With every move you make the screen scolls to the right, when you get too far to the left you die. During the time you need to escape from the Darkness you have to fight enemies, find treasure, buy gear and get ready to fight the big boss, The Demon Lord, who is trying to destroy the world.Before you do that though you've got to choose a class, perks and (the most interesting part of this game) a dimension. Dimensions are randomly generated worlds which will most of the time be different from another one, if you want to you can even create a dimension name of your own. This is also the way the game introduces some sort of semi-multiplayer, people can be in the same dimension and you can see the progress other players are making, everyday there will be a special dimensions created where people can play alongside others.Of course dying is also part of the game, while this game is mostly a Roguelike, some of the things you did will be carried over to your next playthough. When you die you get Hero Points based on how well you did, these will be saved and you can buy things with them, Classes, Perks and spaces for the Dimensional Vault. the Dimensional vault is basicly a chest where you can put your treasure and gear you collected and will be openable on every run, allowing you to use that gear in your next run.While this game might not seem that good at first i'd say that as a fan of both Pixel graphics and Roguelikes this game is really good for it's price and will keep you entertained for a long time. I'd rate it a 9.7/10"
76561197981254480,Recommended,266210,11774520,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ypsirhC,"Played for 10 minutes and it already rubs me nerdly part the right way.I'm not a registered psychic, but I can see some time disappearing in the future."
,Recommended,266210,11793889,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,popoya,"nice game, totally enjoyable to play."
,Recommended,266210,12090980,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Dopefish,=3
,Recommended,266210,11058222,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,zazenboys,"Underrated little JRPG roguelike with a surprising amount of depth. Don't expect insane levels of management like most traditional roguelikes, but there's loads of endings and things to unlock, and the game is build entirely around its replayability. absolutely worth the prce tag."
,Recommended,266210,11058353,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dizzy,Wonderful game for what it costs. Very unique and very addictive!
76561198025303785,Recommended,266210,11058811,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,peteraronow,"Despite a lack of polish, this game is just pure fun. Strongly recommended."
76561198069284023,Recommended,266210,11062311,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,lozchik,"Tried it out since it was pretty cheap. For such a simple idea, it's surprisingly addictive and takes some strategy to get through each run."
76561198031562310,Recommended,266210,11063176,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Misaio the Demoness,"Get naked, fight demons, kill fluffy critters (or don't).  This game is deceptively simple for an old-school JRPG.  It's also insanely addicting.Pros:+So many unlockable perks and classes!+Randomized worlds with random events (You don't know where everything is.  But you know it's there.)+Short runs let you cram in several attempts in minimal time.+Fantastic final class skill!+Lose levels without losing stats!  (Helps you buff your stats quicker!)+Save epic items for use in the next playthrough.+HIGH REPLAYABLITY!+Daily Dimension quests.+Great value for the price.+Advice after every run to help you improve your skills.  (This actually helped me learn the game mechanics.)Cons:-No chat for players in the same dimension to communicate with each other.-Some classes are unbalanced.8.9/10"
,Recommended,266210,11064153,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Justin,"When then summer sale was on i decided to get this along with a few others,it may not look like much, (i certainly didnt know what to expect either), but once i playedthrough it with one class I wash hooked,its a nice challenege and a really fun to try out different classes.Defo worth a look-see!"
76561198051091898,Recommended,266210,11695387,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,killerstar446,I love this game! it is very difficult to start out but keep playing and it gets better and better!
,Recommended,266210,11802411,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,NimanderRake,"My first time playing this... I died from the darkness. The next few times killed me off pretty quickly with fun things like (Starvation, poison, being eaten by wolfs, reaped by bandits) etc. (Also the Demon lord was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Suffice to say... This is a hardcore roguelike game,But I enjoy butthurting games like this so it gets a 8/10 from me."
76561198000955364,Recommended,266210,11558756,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,tryx,"A beatifully designed rogue-like. Difficulty scales very well across different difficulties, deaths are always accountable for, lots of variety in character customisation. Comes off as a very shallow story but there's a quite a lot under the hood. For the dirt cheap price, highly recommended."
76561198069685070,Recommended,266210,11756464,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,impietyisthelastmistake,"Great way to kill a couple hours.  Basically, an old school RPG with a neat gimick; I can't say it's a terribly long game (you can probably do a full clear within about 15 hours), but for 3 bucks it's definitely worth it.  Plus, trading cards, so that's really more like $2.50.Anyway, don't expect anything jaw dropping, but it's a fun little game that's good at what it does.  Rainy day and looking for something to do?  Pick this up:  it's cheaper than the movies."
76561198013056272,Recommended,266210,11759322,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,DoubleA5012,"Seemingly simple, yet sometimes diabolical in the choices you have to make. Do you keep the sword that still has some durability left, or do you pick up the one that is more powerful, but has an unknown amount of durability? Regardless, you have but one thing you ust do. Keep going right."
,Recommended,266210,11323584,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Snake&Snack,"This game is a Rogue Like RPG like no other. It uses an eternal darkeness crawling over the land to keep moving to the right. you cant travel back to anything youve seen before because it all gets swallowed as the darkness encroaches. You need to play smart in order to get very far. coupled with a turn based strategy type fight mechanic and general skill progression this game is great for anyone who wants the test there wits againts the Darkness, the Land and, the people who inhabit it.P.S Great MUSIC"
,Recommended,266210,11749090,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Morika Web,"Fast paced, easy to pick up, and fun. This game is evrythign an Indie game shuld be."
,Recommended,266210,11713446,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Clemicorn,Dis game is cheap and really addictive and fun :)
,Recommended,266210,10843426,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,PEPE is a MEME of peace,"McAfee thought this was a virus so i deleted McAfee and found that this game is infact amazing, the world is constantly moving to the right and if you dont move with it you are dead, this is a turnbased randomly genrerated rogue-like with a huge twist that sets it apart from all the others and is definetly worth the low price it has GET IT"
,Recommended,266210,11552582,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Imported Corgi,Great game for the price
,Recommended,266210,10877793,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Boxtacular,"suprisingly fun game. simple to pick up, simple to play, lots of replayability, unless you're like me and you're done with a game after you've unlocked everything. worth the money spent on it, would recommend highly."
,Recommended,266210,11039514,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ianh16,"Really good mechanics, nice looking game, fun, challenging and lots of replay value.  worth buying on sale."
,Recommended,266210,11041158,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DetJohnKimblez,buy this now :)
76561198062751792,Recommended,266210,11068671,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,WalterPolyglot,"There's somethnig uniquely engaging about this game. I used to love RPGs like this, but haven't had the 100's of hours to dedicate to them like I used to, so this was a very satisfying compromise."
76561198114451501,Recommended,266210,11235930,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,vschumacher215,Amazing game.  Would have payed more if i knew what I had.  You have to put at least 3-4 hours into this to get the hang of it.  Give this game a good chance and it will more than give back. I enjoyed this very much and hope to see more from you guys.  Wish it was on android so i could take it with me.  Willing to throw more money at you if you come out with an android version of this PLEASE!!!    People it is worth every penny. The more you play the more you get it.
,Recommended,266210,10799067,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ShyGuySpirit,"When this game is working, it is a great game. It's short, but fun. I play this when I need to load/download something. Great to play when you are trying to kill time."
,Recommended,266210,11173292,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,specter.,"One way heroics is pretty good. I didn't understand why it had such a faster pace in the beginning but once you learn, this game becomes more and more entertaining. My only complaint is the lack of customization as far as resolution goes. I can't play this game on fullscreen because the resolution clips the top off. you can only go by 3 window sizes and only 1 fullscreen size. But A review shouldn't be how bad a games resolution is. it should be the game itself. I think the gameplay is great however, it will take some time to really understand what is going on. But once you know, this game is pretty good."
,Recommended,266210,11175931,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Kronos Prime,"Now, you too can play the nightmare that Derek Zoolander has nightly, now with achievements! Can't turn left? No problem!10/10 It's so hot right now."
,Recommended,266210,11191836,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Mad King Patrick Hastings,"this game is very addicting to play and i check daily to see the special campagins and the forums for more tips and the latest news and its a new world each time you play you can go through a easy world on a hard difficulty and then the next one on a easy difficulty a challenging world this game is highly recommended for people who enjoy rouge, RPG games"
,Recommended,266210,11192156,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,jack mames,this game will actually suck you off
,Recommended,266210,11193977,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Crimsonmyst69,One Way Heroics... What can I say? I mean it is a great game. It is a roguelike that fills a rpg niche that you dont get elsewhere. You can carry over some items and gear which can be very helpful. You ear classes and perks so you can change your style. The multiple ways to finish the game and to play makes it fun through many play throughs. I wouls say anyone who looks and thinks they may enjoy it should igve it a try. I was hesitant at first and am glad I made the plunge!
,Recommended,266210,11152162,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,DarkShadowax,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,266210,11153333,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Hubbie,One of the best RPG that i enjoy playing in a long time. 9/10
,Recommended,266210,10933776,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ohsnapchexmix,Amazing replayability and customization.
,Recommended,266210,10934397,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Vesta,Definitely a must-have game for those who really the RPG maker-styled games! Short and fast game that has high replay value.
76561198011096097,Recommended,266210,10934453,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ZapperZen,"$.87 for a game during the summer sale that you can play for hours on end. For nearly the same price you could get two tacos from Jack in the Box.  The game will last you longer.Skill gap is not as bad as some people may believe or say it is. A little reading goes a long way with figuring otu basics to get you started befor moving on to some ""advanced"" mechanics the game has."
76561198045864633,Recommended,266210,10998604,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,SoulBladeAlpha,"Give it a couple runs; once you unlock item storage and find some good gear, it gets way more addicting. Great for a time killer."
,Recommended,266210,11000562,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Somnabutol™,Not your typical roguelike. Its fast pace and very punishing nature make it one of the most original games I've come to check out. And it's pretty cheap.
76561197983775903,Recommended,266210,11001039,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Vawndewen Versakas,"One way heroics has been at 50% off and more, debuting at a measly four dollars originally, and yet even then it is still a steal. An interesting rogue-like with a gimmick, but one that turns the strategy of old into a gamble at the race against darkness itself. It has proven itself worth over 40 hours of playtime, and that's just the tip of which I will invest most likely into this game. Its graphics are simple, yet it is all it needs to be. its sounds and music are excellent. Its replay value is endless, from the easiest stroll to the most manical and inhumane of difficulty options, with apparently more coming on the way. I have a library of unplayed titles, yet thise has fully earned the amount of time invested for being fun and rewarding without being too difficult, if a little difficult to grasp and master at first. It is an excellent title to add to one's gaming collection and so cheap and often on sale it's been trivial to acquire.Always move right , and never stop fighting. Zenura!!!"
,Recommended,266210,11165462,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Zizhou,"I picked this up on a whim during the 2014 summer sale with proceeds from trading card sales to round out my total to the nearest $10 for another card('cause, you know, that makes *total* financial sense). I've ended up playing it more than anything else I picked up.This is a fantastic, bite-sized rogue-lite with a surprising amount of content hidden away. The continuous threat of death from the scrolling map and the ephemerality of your equipment(everything will eventually break) adds pressure to continue moving onward, leaving the player to prioritize what they're leaving behind. This is a nice contrast to the usual roguelike/JRPG paradigm of rewarding searching out every single nook and cranny and lends a fast pace to what can usually be a fairly slow genre."
76561198107311929,Recommended,266210,11169697,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,YUsoMad,"So I bought it on sale for some very modest amount. Wasn’t really expecting much, thought I would probably never play it more than 10 minutes but I was wrong. The game is surprisingly good and refreshing. I like that you can play an entire game from start to finish in like 30 minutes, way better than grinding some old school jRPG for 100 hours and each new playthrough feels different enough to continiue playing."
76561198040355029,Recommended,266210,11231726,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,WanderingBreath,"Charming humor; Easy to learn, yet complex game machanics; and one hell of an awsome soundtrack. Will certainly become a classic in the days to come."
,Recommended,266210,11220563,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Smash Mouth,Super Fun yet challenging game!!!
,Recommended,266210,11285822,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Rdpenny,I decided to do a playthough on this. I really enjoy this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRaXYp2asBM
,Recommended,266210,11377792,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Picozord,bretty good
,Recommended,266210,11459502,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Fun Police,My waifu turned into a dog10/10 would reccomend if you're a dog persom
76561198089770945,Recommended,266210,11204751,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Farren,"This wasn't just any typical rpg, which is what I thought it'd be. Instead, it's a stragey based. It's an interesting game that quickly became addictive to me. I just hope there's more classes or perks that can be added into the game, or maybe new layouts and monsters."
76561198042559301,Recommended,266210,11208212,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,TrippleZero,"I paid 1$ For this and played it once didnt like it , but then i started playing it Its Awesome!"
,Recommended,266210,12209986,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,alxndr,"At a non sale-price, this is the best game I've ever managed to find for only $3.49.  It's a fair value given the stigma of the RPG Maker engine, but that stigma is easily made up for with the gameplay, UI, and fun dialogue. The idea is that you're exploring a procedurally generated open-world that is being consumed by a darkness that kills everything in its path. With roguelike turn-based combat, this can make for a very challenging game until you spend a few hours onit. You can play the game with permadeath, as appears to be intended, or save, which is discouraged by several penalties. I recommend playing it as a roguelike. There are quite a few characters with different traits to beat the game with, giving it a lot of replay value, even when the game starts to get a bit easier, too, so if you're a roguelike fan, this one may start to occupy quite a bit of your time.At $3.49, this is a great game, as well as a fantastic way to introduce yourself to roguelikes if you're unfamiliar with the combat style. I would suggest anyone pick it up, if not just for the sake of giving it a try."
,Recommended,266210,12241310,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Claytor,I really enjoy this game. It has the right amount of Rogue-like things. The ability to bring stuff into the next game is fun. The fact that you have to keep moving and thinking is fun.
76561198022751934,Recommended,266210,12251405,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Manabender,I see Japan discovered what a roguelike is.I approve.
,Recommended,266210,12304172,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,sorathecrow,"A cute little game that's great pick-up-and-play fun, if somewhat rage-inducing at first.  It's great at normal price, but if you happen to find it on sale, you have absolutely no reason NOT to pick it up."
,Recommended,266210,12265928,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Intrus,"A 'dungeon' crawler with a faster end convergence.It's a bit easier than other dungeon crawler, but has a lots of unlock and a lot of small details you don't get in a regular dungeon crawler.There's a lot of love poured into this game, you should give it a try."
76561198138357683,Recommended,266210,12252926,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,theeldercat,"One Way Heroics is a great game, it has a great feel that pulls you into the world. There is so much to find, whether it is secrets, items, or new challanges to take on. It deserves all the stars!"
76561198049999558,Recommended,266210,12254575,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Viktor Von Badmeme,I'm adding this game to my list of things from japan that i like along with dark souls and pokemans.
76561198037366167,Recommended,266210,12275879,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Aethlin,"This is a very funny little game. The concept is pretty interesting, combining the oldschool RPG look and feel to to this kind of fast-paced time-attack gameplay. Though it is by no means a long game, it has, in my opinion, a fairly high replay value since the worlds are randomly generated and you can choose between different unlockable classes that each have their own strengths and weaknesses.My one major gripe with the game is that sometimes there seem to be stretches of world without much in it, but maybe I just got unlucky with the randomization.All-in-all a very good balance between price and content."
,Recommended,266210,12261536,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Giodyne,One way to go.......many ways to be a hero
,Recommended,266210,12384548,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,BurningSnoMan,"Great game, I love RPG's. 8/10"
,Recommended,266210,12449226,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,KGC,"For its very low price, you get a lot of value. If you like classic rougelikes, get this game!"
76561198040323486,Recommended,266210,12865854,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,TheGreenKraken,Great game.
,Recommended,266210,12870874,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Gabe the Shark,An interesting take on the Roguelike experience.
,Recommended,266210,12879631,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,rSasazaki,"It's like... really, really good.If you love adventuring RPGs with great gameplay and beautiful music, this is for you."
,Recommended,266210,12879649,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Horo,Beat the game on my second run.Extremely fun.
76561198053603080,Recommended,266210,12910932,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,sinus2x,"Quick, enjoyable and death is not such a big issue."
76561198058540687,Recommended,266210,12962184,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Cloud598,"Fun game you can pick up at any time, or immerse yourself in.  To me it's Mario Brothers meets Dragon Quest."
76561198027346325,Recommended,266210,12949824,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MischiefGodLoki,Fun little roguelike rpg. Highly enjoyable for a quick game fix.
76561198077994814,Recommended,266210,11691004,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,RiaRene,"This game is soooooo good! It's addictive, easy and hilarious. Just keep asking your fairy what her questions are, as you go along, oh... but be careful of the darkness, and golems, and polar bears. :D"
76561198142223234,Recommended,266210,11708518,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,pure kyun,"For the RPG gamer on the go. Short, sweet, and infinitely replayable."
,Recommended,266210,11696194,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Freebird,"A very unique game, you can't really get exactly what it is from the preview or the description.Played through it a few times, and the system for replayability is there, it's extremely simple, yet surprisingly complex in spots. This is not a ""thrown together just to make a buck"" indie game, this was well thought-out, and well executed.To avoid spoiling things I won't give much advice on how not to ragequit after your first couple playthroughs, but what I will say is, even though things are constantly moving forward, take it slow, and for god's sake don't ignore the dimensional vault, this is a turn-based game that advances with each move, don't blast it on the forums because you just had to go all Leeroy on it.For the current sale price ($1.70something), you'd be hard pressed to find something better for the buck if you enjoy survival-style games that reward you after every death."
,Recommended,266210,10813864,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Man With No Name Zapp Brannigan,Engaging roguelike gameplay for under a dollar during the steam sale.  Worth every penny.
,Recommended,266210,10814955,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BriankLizard93,Really fun game. Addicting and challenging without being frustrating. You should definitely get it. Well worth the price.
,Recommended,266210,10815054,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Senate Minority Leader Ribs,"A nice little roguelike made with RPGmaker.  Has a lot in common with traditional rogue-likes.  If you pick it up right now (during the steam sale) for 87 cents, you can sell the cards that come with it and basically get the game for free.  If you get a foil, you could even make a profit"
,Recommended,266210,10815186,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,skott,87 cents on the steam summer sale! How can anyone NOT buy this game?
,Recommended,266210,10817358,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ekuland,"I absolutely adore this game... The gameplay is immersive and intuitive with a very nice control system. A slightly better introduction to the game or explanation of symbols, attributes, etc. would be helpful, but most of the game is able to be picked up on in just the first 10 minutes or so of play. I give this game 9/10 and it has quickly become one of my favorite (and most addictive) games."
,Recommended,266210,10820175,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Luckyseven67,"Fun game. Reminds me of the past final fantasies, which is a huge plus in my book. It also seems from what I have played so far to rely on multiple playthroughs. But, I feel this game will be able to entertain you for quite a while."
,Recommended,266210,13535774,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Silvy,"Good difficulty progression in this game;  was a bit boring after jerryrigging a Godslaying lance five times over and steamrolling everything within 500km of the start each run.This is definitely one of the best rogue-like games out there, I like its concept even better than Rogue Legacy."
76561198028331521,Recommended,266210,13540349,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,I am the undead,a
76561198095199364,Recommended,266210,13532538,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,rageoftyrael,"Okay, so this is an excellent little game. It is fairly simple and easy to get into. I'm generally not one to really care about completing a game and getting all the achievements, but this is one of those games that I've actually taken the time to get the achievements, because it's very replayable.Of course, it's a game where you will die often, until you get the hang of it. Of course, it won't bother you very much because you are able to save items for when you start over.There actually is a save function in the game, but I personally never felt the need to start over from a save. I simply started all over and did it again.This game is strangely addicting and it's easy to lose a few hours any time you start playing it.I give it a 9/10 because no game is perfect, but this game is very good for what it is, and definitely worth the small price tag."
,Recommended,266210,13173173,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hastaga,"Buy it. I am really moved by the plot, once you are smart enough to see through the veil and get to the deeper part of the characters and their backstories and the future you want to create for them.Let's start with the pros:Maps related;- Enough rogue like elements to keep players who wants new experience every time interested (create random world/enter different map codes)- Rogue-like features frustrates you? Don't worry, you get to stay on the same map and die as many times as you want if it pleases you. In another word, this game will provide you the opportunity to get a good learning curve, and the elements to make your future gameplay easier or more challenging, totally by your choice (such as using pre-saved items from last playthrough/death or not doing that and just hop right into a new world)- Maps aren't just 'different', they have different characteristics, coming with different perks and extra challenge. Pick according to your own liking/style (some of them are pre-sets with description, no worry of getting confused!)In another word, a great deal of variety for gameplay experience and control on difficulties, pick as you desired or just go random!.Gameplay;- Interesting game mechanics; More than 'move and attack'. Different classes have totally different play style (aside from knight and swordman, the 2 starting classes. Tho not having the same stats and starting items already meant a great deal of deaths and exploring for new players until they got lucky or unlock other classes). Strategies are based around classes more than how skillful you are. Also, you are at risk every moment. Move to the right or be annihilated!- Challenging; this is a game that you will die quite a lot in it. Is it unfair tho? Like, deliberately making the game overly punishing or clunky to play? No, nothing of those. ""How to win"" is something that needs to be learned in this game. Game difficulty scales according to how far you traveled, so no 'getting to level 99 and 1 shot the boss'. Try that and you will get one shot by a skeleton instead.Plot:- IT HAS DEPTH. Esp consider the different worlds you play in and as a result, having different play route/traveling experience. Without trying to get all the NPCS, it took me 3 clears to fully understand the story of this game, which left me almost in tears when I finally 'know'. All the npcs have more personality than you do :0)Music:- I like them. That small ense of sadness coming from them fits very well with the atmosphere and the plot of the game.There is so much heart in this game that this sales is totally not doing it justice!Ok, as for the cons:One may complain about it being 'too short' i guess. As much as I liked it, I am a bit disappointed when I see that I have only 13.4 hours on it... well, there's only that much it can offer I suppose. That keeps it concise tho! I am just sad that it ended so soon hm...Game can be a bit too punishing/unfair at times :0) like, a wrong map for new players whatnot.... that is compensated by allowing players to try different maps, preset or no. Also there are lots of sharing/walkthroughs online, just try google. Seriously tho, just because it's pixiled which may or may not remind you of FF/dragon quest, doesn't mean ""One Way Heroic"" is as easy when you first started; just move, encounter, level up and kick♥♥♥♥♥ Doesn't work like that, and it will be your♥♥♥♥♥that is kicked.No other complaints really, you'll find the game quite fair once you actually start playing it.For any RPG fan that doesn't mind a challenge, 10/10 must buy, esp consider its low price. You'll find it worth it, the creators deserve the respect.Extra points if you're into oldschool RPG music and characters development.... no, just the NPCs, you are as uninteresting as you ever are.EDIT: NO ""WALK IN THE PARK"" DIFFICULTY IS ALLOWED"
76561198047922833,Recommended,266210,13176486,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,crazygamer992,"Got this on sale a while back for less than a dollar. Still trying to beat it. Worth even more than its original price.Graphics: Old-school graphics, which can be a boon or curse depending on your tastes. Art style for the characters is anime-style, and I kinda like the sketch style for the PC portrait.Sound and Music: the music is pretty good( especially in snow terrain), though one track seems to cut out a little when it loops. The Music does fit the mood really well every time, though. Sound effects are nothing special.Story: Being a rogue-lite, the story isn't all deep and engrossing as the heavier hitters, but has some interesting twists.Characters: Pretty likable, actually. The way they develop as you go on your journey is great and while they're not totally original, they're awesome nonetheless. ( and the endings can get pretty touching.)Gameplay: If you're dipping your feet in the rogue genre, this would be a great place to start. The Ransom aspect is there( provided you don't make perfect world by abusing the world naming system) and death is permanent, but you can reload from saves, provided you have the crystals or luck, the awakening skill helps save your♥♥♥♥♥if things don't go as planned, and the Vault helps with later playthroughs. The idea of using levels as potential stat boosters is great. There's a variety of classes, each with their own playstyle(defense, long-range, offense, charisma, etc.), though you'll have to earn a few before you get them. I love the simple idea of the side-scrolling aspect; it leads to some very tense moments( especially when in dungeons or near mountains.)And the little touches, like the NPC dialog, the varying levels for enemies, the differeing difficulties, the replays,  and even the multiplayer aspects( no co-op, but there is a way they can help... and you can show how awesome you are when you clear a world.)All in all, if you can live with the old-school graphics, the relative lack of multiplayer and the rogue-liteness, you'll find a game that is well worth or even more than the price. ( and also, keep an eye on a sequel, which is in developement at the time of this writing.)"
,Recommended,266210,13176999,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cocaine Dustbath,This game is a tribute to my favorite band and is the greatest game ever made. Baby you light up my world like nobody else
,Recommended,266210,13196467,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sahuagin,"I wouldn't pay a whole lot for this game, but it is otherwise fun enough to recommend."
76561198128097974,Recommended,266210,16116325,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Ashido,Great indie rogue-like title with lots of replayability.
76561198128867634,Recommended,266210,16089736,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Sieg,"A rogue-like with originality that makes it unique, not much to say, since words are best expressed with actions, just playing it would a person a better understanding than me saying anything."
,Recommended,266210,25207645,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,weaponLITE,Not a game that you could play everyday (for me atleast) but when i do feel like playing it makes time run by quiclky. Recomended game for those who like repeating the same process over and over again but in a different way.
76561197994362750,Recommended,266210,13484593,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Schroeder,One Way Heroics uses the standard roguelike success formula:Basic roguelike elements+Death can help future playthroughs+Something new=Win.
76561198141561693,Recommended,266210,13485176,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,gracelikespandas,"If you like RPGs, you'll like this game! It can take a run or two to get the hang of it, but it's addicting so that's okay. It's a sidescrolling Final Fantasy Tactics and it's beautiful."
,Recommended,266210,13506130,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The cop that beat Rodney King,"A very low price for a very fun game.  It's a roguelike with some unique concepts, such as the namesake concept of the game's camera always scrolling to the right, forcing you to proceed.Lots of replayability."
76561198046378033,Recommended,266210,13509147,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Alice,An incredibly addictive game with a simple learning curve and plenty of incentive to play run after run. One of the better games I've ever blindly purchased.
,Recommended,266210,13812626,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,★Sauci★,"I'm not usually interested in rougelike or randomly generated games, but after picking this one up for less then a dollar, I found myself adoring this game. It's easy to just load up and play at your leisure. Very simple, but not depthless. I would've gladly payed full price for it."
76561198166917836,Recommended,266210,13791905,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,FalcoMicky,"Its a genuinely fun little game, which didn't cost a lot, and i'll probably be playing through it again and again to get all the achievements. Would be better if there was more to do, but its still good fun and the anime art style is cool i guess."
,Recommended,266210,13672917,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LanceYosh,"A turn-based fantasy Roguelike RPG with a twist: in place of a dungeon with hallways, you are constantly on the run from a wall of death.Suggested for:-Those who do not mind losing more than winning.-Completionists who like working to find 'the true ending'.-Those who excel in turn-based tactical RPGs.-Lucky people.-Those who like JRPGs, but do not want to bother with a super complex story this time.My Favorite Pros:-Limited classes, but high amount of initial customization.-Rewarded from good runs by being able to pass items to the next run.-There are actual in-game hints to finding story secrets.  Hard to realize, but they're there.My Annoyed-At Cons:-That fairy needs more poses.-Equipment durability.  I know it's required, but graaaah, it sucks to have my weapon break in the middle of combat.-Some worlds does not allow stocking of food before long stretches of foodless zones.  Requires choosing a different world after you die... which you will.-A Roguelike with a save system... seems kind of against what a Roguelike is... but oh well."
,Recommended,266210,13675010,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,JayGáeBolg,Demon Lord a qt.
,Recommended,266210,13692871,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Obtains Kisses,"The constantly-scrolling screen offers a refreshing take on roguelike gameplay, and it's full of anime to get the weeblord market as well, overall highly recommendedand it goes on sale for 87 cents all the time"
,Recommended,266210,13692924,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hedja,"Fun, almost addictive game. The gameplay is simple: start on a random or previously seeded map, keep going right and don't get consumed by the darkness on the left.Unlike most rogue-likes, this doesn't have a real permadeath as it lets you hold items at the end of an adventure in a space-limited vault as well as unlock different stat boosts and classes to start with. This means no matter how many times you die, you're still keeping progress and, provided you don't mess up, can go further after each adventure. You can also save at certain points, by buying and using certain items and by giving up 5 experience levels so it's all a lot more forgiving.It does however get ridiculously hard near 400km (on the *easier* mode) when the demon lord arrives and I haven't played enough to pass it yet but it's possible, I just didn't use the right skills. Which is one of the main points about this game: failure is on your part as the game gives you enough to survive. It's nice looking at the quick replays and just seeing where you can optimise.Other positives: Great music, simple SNES-era JRPG sprites. The badge looks pretty nice too. There's also some event maps with special restrictions to keep up the replay value. And it's cheap!"
,Recommended,266210,13697694,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,FireboltFriday,Frustrating but very good game with a different dynamic to those I've played before
,Recommended,266210,13657413,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,StyloGP,"This is kinda like a one-way Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Game, actually, it is very similar, though, i give it a 9/10, very, very good game, don't buy if you have stuff to do, you will spend all of your time here"
,Recommended,266210,11525838,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,GeassChicken,"What if I told you there was a game that had used RPG mechanics with a forced side scroling game to DEASTROY THE DEMON LORD? Well, this is it. One Way Heroics is definitely for those who want to play single player.  With infinate number of maps (three of which are challenge/story specific) you will find a lot of replayability and extra content. By yourself you can spend time having some awesome adventures!Pros:Great SinglePlayer ExperienceDecient number of Classes/PerksSome character persistance between playthroughtsWeapon UpgradabilityUnder $53 different endings revieling more underlying plot and storyDark Souls-like multiplayer (without the invading part)Procedually generated ""Dimensions/Worlds""Companion NPC's story lines that are like F***ing roller costers and contribute to the overarching storylineDifficult, but in a good way.Ingame accesable dedicated servers (Offline capable)Tutorial woven into the story, and intuitiveness allows for learning on the fly easilyCons:No real multiplayer; just messages people leave, or their dead ghosts that help youSimplistic graphics (It's a WolfRPG-Maker game though. . .  so, duh.)Final Suggestion:Get It!! NOWRating:9/10Scale:1=AVOID [-|-]2-4=Try Only if Free [-|-]5=Meh, Could be Better6=Below Average [-|-]7=Average [-|-]8=Get if it appeals [-|-]9=Get it [-|-]10=MUST HAVESee For YourSelf:Click Here For Video Link"
76561198167775562,Recommended,266210,13771117,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,PitifulSoul,There are two difficulty spikes:1) when first learning the game2) when trying to have an optimal run
,Recommended,266210,13758432,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jets,"a classic in the dead space franchise, dont believe it myself but the voice acting on the 4th realm was great, and its hard to tell but they only used one drum!"
,Recommended,266210,13741608,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,NaViGaTioNaL777,"You can sink many hours in this absolute gem. For it's price - it definitely pays off with a lot of fun. Give it a try, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,266210,13132397,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Maycus,"I've spent many hours playing this game, and I will say, it was worth it.Pros:-Very high Replayability with all the classes you can make.-Diverse biomes and unique world creations-Highly addictive-Somewhat cute art when talking to Iris and other characters-Epilouges are awesome too-Classes all have their own strengths and weaknesses-The epilogues are very emotional-Game clearly has a lot of love and care put into it-Retro FeelCons:-Can be very short as the game can sneak up behind you-Can infuriate you when you mess up-Battles can be very unfair-Very basic and repetitive combat and moves-In my own experience, I've felt like there was no reason to continue playing once you've unlocked everything.Rating I would give8/10 Amazing Game!"
,Recommended,266210,13479492,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tiger 區,"RPG styled rogue game. Reminds you of the good-old days :) I personally had a lot of fun playing this. Many, many, MANY different worlds you can be in, with varying scales of difficulty; some with events, some standard, and some with secrets. For the price it is, it's definitely worth it. It should be worth more for the amount of fun it provides!"
,Recommended,266210,13494006,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,WaaX,"I love this game, so much fun.. you got to be careful with it because you can dump hours into it and not even realize that you're spending as much time as you really are.  Very enjoyable though, especially for a single player."
76561198010237054,Recommended,266210,13827985,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mouse,"I'm pretty wary when it comes to things that have roguelike elements, but I'm glad I gave this a try! Pretty simple and generic rpg mechanics, but super addicting and the challenge is very customizeable. Each class having a male and female option was a pleasant surprise, too."
76561198042750840,Recommended,266210,13835747,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,James the Cheapskate,"This is definitely worth taking a look at if you're a fan of RPGs or roguelikes.  Easy to pick up and play, interesting artwork, and good music.  Procedurally generated maps for replayability, but some prescripted dialog with companions that I found entertaining."
,Recommended,266210,13841825,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kite,"The most beautiful technique is when one foregoes all social implications and becomes one with nature. The game has enlightened me that in the light of great peril, one must commando."
76561198052623241,Recommended,266210,15326438,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,kekkres,"This game is, im my humble opinion, the epitome of the coffee break Roguelike. With numerous classes and  countless Perk combanations to keep your playstyle fresh Diverse daily game modes, And a Game length of less than an hour, it will keep you coming back for more bite sized adventures! the difficulty, while not as brutal as some roguelikes are known for is nothing to scoff at either and depending on your class you can find a good deal of stratagy in the apparently simple system. Is it an amazingly deep game? no. Nor is it grapicly impressive, But what it is is fun and compelling, and in my opinion thats really all it needs to be."
76561198141281551,Recommended,266210,15111744,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jorgius,"Never thought  would like this game so much, considering i'm not much into roguelikes, but the introduced moving map mechanic makes the game a lot chalenging. If you're into rouges its a must, otherwise it could be a very good starting point (for me it sure was).P.S. after playing this game for some hours straight I found myself trying to do a minimal amount of moves in everything i did (outside of the game) because i was still trying to avoid the wall"
76561198044691354,Recommended,266210,15133167,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,superhappymeaty,"Spent 2 hours hours buffing a sword to godly stats and am now scared to ever use it because it'll break and be gone forever. Great ""hoarding good loot but never actually using it for fear of losing it"" sim"
76561198126715904,Recommended,266210,13920746,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MatthewOfJadeSpear,"This game is brilliant, absolutely fantastic.It's a collection of fairly original ideas knit together seamlessly and executed perfectly. It's extremely challenging and unforgiving sometimes, and yet it's rewarding enough so that you want to keep playing. It never gets old as it's a new world every time where you'll either be a little more lucky or unlucky than before; that is, unless you choose to play on the same world until you defeat it, since every world that's generated has it's own code and the game also keeps track of the worlds you've played on. And whether you've gotten unlucky or lucky, the perfectly paced progress will always get you far enough to keep the game staying interesting. The game even implements ways to save your progress without compromising the foundation of a roguelike by letting you save during only ""certain circumstances"" and letting you go back to your save should you die, but without rewarding you as it would if you started a new run.It's cheap. Buy it."
,Recommended,266210,14814266,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Chettone,"After you complete the game your character has some dialogue options.Mine said:  ""I am winrar!""10/10"
76561198028477889,Recommended,266210,14814462,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Barrythemorris,fun rogue-like
,Recommended,266210,14814836,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Velociraptorpikachu,"A great little take on the turn-based rpg and endless runner genres. A great game to pick up, play for a few minutes, and put back down. There isn't a drive to play this for hours, but that's what makes it so great. An incredible little rpg with nice art, great music, endless potential and just good old fun."
76561198046489373,Recommended,266210,14815799,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,The Bishop,"One of the absolute best games I've ever played. This would easily be worth 3x the amount it's at normally, but I got it on sale for 75% off and can honestly say it's one of the few steam games I would have gladly payed more for with no regrets. This is simply a masterpiece, so much so I felt that not reviewing the game would be unfair to the creators. Feel free to think twice about any other game on steam, but this is the only one that, especially on sale, you should without a doubt buy."
,Recommended,266210,14815916,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Karlsburg,"10/10. Love every part of it - the style is great, the concept is great. It is challenging and fun with a variety of options. I never thought I'd die within a moments notice by what seemed to be nothing and still be in love. Reccomended at sale and full price!"
76561198134094482,Recommended,266210,14963922,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,TheDude,Great game. Is well worth the cost (specially in sales). You can spend a lot of entertaining hours playing this game for 5 bucks!
76561198111003811,Recommended,266210,14938086,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Neverwalkalone,"Bought it for less than a buck and been having way more fun with it than many games above 10 bucks.Definitely worth your money, even without any sale!"
76561198067625216,Recommended,266210,14941636,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,JCSato,"Sort of like Passage, but fun and a JRPG. Takes all the best parts of random item drops, grinding, and stat boosts and cuts off all the excess, leaving you with a fast-paced, enjoyable gem of a game. It's probably the lightest rogue-lite I've ever played, complete with - fairly plentiful - opportunities to save at no penalty (if there's an unlockable difficulty with no saves, play that, though it reallyshouldhave been unlocked from the start if it does exist, and included if it doesn't) - but it's still challenging enough, and the procedurally generated worlds are surprisingly satisfying to carve your way through. Definitely worth getting, even at twice the asking price."
76561198064054566,Recommended,266210,15273565,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,bugfragged,"Gameplay: This plays a lot like Mystery Dungeon games, only instead of a dungeon, you get a rather linear strip of land. Luckily, the game spices things up by throwing in an instant-kill wave of darkness, which means you have to constantly move to the right while gaining enough exp and resources to survive. After you win or die, you get a chance to carry over Hero Points and a certain number of items to the next playthrough.Each playthrough utilizes a seed (string of characters) that determines all the random NPCs, towns, obstacles, and everything else in the world map. Additionally, the game will also generate daily campaign dimensions with special conditions and challenges. This seed system gives you the choice of discovering new dimensions to keep the gameplay fresh or revisiting old dimensions that have favorable conditions for the various Steam achievements.Story: At first, the plot seems fairly generic, since your mission is basically to find and kill an evil overlord to stop the darkness. However, once you play on higher difficulties, you get a chance to recruit NPCs, who all have interesting backstories and world building lore to tell you as you raise their affection. If you manage to set off all their flags, you will also get their endings along with an achievement."
76561198060634702,Recommended,266210,15311211,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,naxisneok,Nice old style rpg that keeps you on your toes. You never know when you're going to run into strong enemies or what random events will keep you running for your life. It's taken me a few hours to try and figure out what items can help in what situations or what class uses what skills but this gam is always fun.
76561198054093955,Recommended,266210,16476061,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Janhu,Charming coffeebreak roguelike.
,Recommended,266210,16476420,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Radio Star,This game's super rad.
76561197984129086,Recommended,266210,16476627,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Incognito2me,"Surprisingly fun game. Don't expect an epic-length rpg adventure, but at its sale price it's a no brainer!"
,Recommended,266210,14845595,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,mazumashi,"""Your nudity and power are both pushed to the limit."""
,Recommended,266210,14846146,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Savoyard,"A fun little turn-based roguelike. Progression is largely cross-character, with a shared stash and points to level up skills and stats available after death. One Way Heroics has a unique progression method - you can't backtrack - and a nice JRPG-style soundtrack.Customisation is a little lacking - you can't move the minimap or reassign all of the buttons, but those flaws are minor."
,Recommended,266210,14847220,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dramm,"I got this game as it looked like it would play simular to the old dragon warrior style games from NES. Please know it really doesn't play anything like them, just the graphics are simular. Thus far though the game has been blast. I've  lost hours playing and not even realized it.  Definetly takes a lot of strategy and learning the strengths of each class as you get them.For the price, can't beat this game."
76561198178832123,Recommended,266210,14847329,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Taikoluigi,This game is a great way to kill some time you could be using to do other productive things!
,Recommended,266210,14867022,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Hikki ▼,"Fun, for a while...."
76561197962488015,Recommended,266210,14872026,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Remmy,A very fun relaxed roguelike.  Great for killing time on a lunchbreak.  Best enjoyed with a controller.
,Recommended,266210,14859027,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Nanban Jim,"Let's say you wanted to bring back the old, simple RPGs of the early 90s, like Dragon Warrior or Final Fantasy I. Plenty of people have done that, aped their style and failed. So you know you need to create a simple RPG, but you need to use all the gathered knowledge and experience of the past 20 years of RPGs to shake out what works, what doesn't, what's fun, what's not, what worked then that doesn't work now and what works now that wouldn't have worked then.Congratulations, you've just created One Way Heroics: An early 90's style RPG informed by the knowledge of the past 20 years of RPGs!The storyline is simple: Save the world. Classic, right?Well, thing is, you're on a timeline. That's new.It also makes it very difficult to explore everywhere and talk to everyone--two things you MUST DO in an RPG!Ah, but the game is randomly generated, and you can re-visit a world by re-entering the seed (think something similar to old save codes). That's both new and old!But there are save slots too, if you reach the classic save point. That's old.When you die, you can transfer some of your experience and gear to your next playthrough. That's new!So too is using some of that to unlock new classes and perks!This revisiting, this ability to replay worlds and continue on after failure with an overarching metagame leads to another thing that works now which wouldn't have worked so well in an older RPG: The game can be run through and beaten in a couple of hours or less.This game brings in some of the best aspects of casual games and hardcore games, of old RPGs and new RPGs, to make a great RPG you can put down and pick right back up on later. I honestly feel a little bad only paying 87 cents for it due to a sale, but the game is under 5 bucks normally... still a steal, considering it doesn't play like a $5 game!If you like RPGs but no longer have time for them, this is the game for you."
76561198058741216,Recommended,266210,14859330,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Papa Zhang,It's tons of fun if you praise Poperah
,Recommended,266210,14860220,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Cymnoi,"Chick diggen Queen Freida ""You can... do whatever you want with my body... okay?"" ZENURA WEAVE! 10/10 family game."
,Recommended,266210,14861054,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Thighs,"You walk to the right to avoid an ever encroaching and all-consuming darkness and collect loot and fight stuff.The game has a very unique feel and the mood it sets makes replaying it a joy. Which is fortunate because the random worlds (from its seed based generation) can make even your very first run hard as nails.At the very least, this is my favourite roguelike and likely will be for some time.The game is already cheap but during sales, expect it to be as low as fifty pence.Well worth the investment in both time and fifty pennies."
76561198009966751,Recommended,266210,14861352,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Martin,played. bought three more copies as gifts. Addicting fun! Love it :)
,Recommended,266210,14863323,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,devenv,"Rediculousely cheap, a little too anime though IMO... Once I learned to ignore the wide-eyed breasts-to-the-front characters I started to REALLY enjoy this game :)"
,Recommended,266210,14914297,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Forks,"This is a fantastic game. I purchased this game because it appeared like a JRPG roguelike. The graphics are very modest; however, the gameplay is excellent. The story is absolutely fantastic. I have not unlocked all parts of the story yet; however, the writing is excellent.I purchased this on a steam sale; however, the game is worth the price of admission. The title is due for a sequel."
,Recommended,266210,14919186,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,DxNill,Just a fun 2d side scrolling rpg well worth the $3.50.
,Recommended,266210,14919664,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Zazzer,"You! Yes You! Give this game a try, yes a big one!Unless you have a Pentium II like some guys in negative comments..."
,Recommended,266210,14928195,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Cuneifor,"Had my doubts about this game when I first bought it, but here i am now, sitting here, not studying, not doing homework, just playing ONE WAY HEROICS :DDDDDD"
,Recommended,266210,14928736,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Salty Giants Fan,"For such a small price even outside of sales, One Way Heroics is a prime example of good game design and amongs the best rouge-like games on the market today having the honor to share that place with titles such as This War of Mine and FTL.Some highlights of the game's features:Pros:-Great Soundtrack-Easy to learn the mechanics after about an hour or two-Hectic as hell (especially after the 500km mark)-Great combat which really makes you think what you want to use in that one crucial turn.-Innovative unlock system which really sets it apart from most rouge-likes.Cons:-No native graphics support (have fun playing at 480p)-A bit cheap at times (really, rarely any save zones after the 500km mark?)"
76561198073264393,Recommended,266210,14929363,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Do Cats Dream?,"To be quite honest I wasn't sure what to expect when I bought this game. It isn't exactly my normal style but it was also on sale for less than a buck so I figured it couldn't hurt to try it. It was a great decision.The game isn't intricate, instead it's a short fun game with excellent replay value. Think of a game that was ridiculously simple, but that simplistic approach made it all the better and you basically end up with One Way Heroics. The game is easy to pick up and it encourages multiple replays since you are allowed to store items after you die so you can use them in the next round.Overall it was totally worth it, especially if you can catch it on sale."
76561198071974334,Recommended,266210,15075811,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ben_of_Men,"So I didn't get to play very long, but sort of enjoyed what I did get to play. The issue is I use a tv screen instead of an actual monitor and the size settings aren't supportive in this case, so I couldn't read half the words in either size. For the cheap price I got it at was fine, but would appreciate alternate sizes so I can actually read and understand whats happening."
,Recommended,266210,14906538,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,L1zZY,"This game is hard to explain, and it's unlike anything I've ever seen before. I mean, it's just amazing. Once you go far enough, you can never go back, and that's an aspect of the game that really keeps it interesting. I bought it when it was on sale for 87 cents, and I don't regret anything. My friend has a really crappy computer, and barely anything runs on it without crashing, but he got it and has been playing it for at least an hour with no problems.Amazing buy."
76561198127401185,Recommended,266210,14909246,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sharknado34,one of the most addicting games i've ever played. You want to play it until you've beaten it.
,Recommended,266210,14996026,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,JuicedScenery<3,"great game! insane value, love it!10/10"
,Recommended,266210,15010170,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,NegaMan,Great fun simple Rpg.
76561198116549700,Recommended,266210,15020591,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,absolutezero3001,A good surprise.
76561198127232734,Recommended,266210,13219121,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Zaera737,A very fun and challenging game.  Takes a lot of skill and luck to save abilities and items for when you need them most and to find better items.  The game mechanic of the darkness makes the game challenging as you can't linger in an area searching for goods forever which forces you to press on.  One way heroics is a great cheap and quick game to play that provides a challenge to the player.
76561198042025453,Recommended,266210,13585868,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Grey,A very addictive turnbased side scrolling rpg game with a lot more depth then you would expect from this game. If you like games like (the turnbased) final fantasy or dragon warriors then this game is definitely something for you!
76561198037037478,Recommended,266210,13312478,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Romans 1:18-22,A rogue-like with a sort of Final Fantasy II feel to it.  Recommended.
76561198051818674,Recommended,266210,13313534,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Done25,"Amazing! Pick the class that appeals to you the most, modify them as you wish. Then just keep at it untill you save the world! Simple gameplay with a large amount of depth. Such as kiting an enemy as a high speed character untill you get to act twice in a row. Or smashing you way past a wall to escape a room that is about to be consumed by the Darkness. Killing NPCs isn't very Heroic and will cost you points as well as a difficult fight, but it can be worth it if they have something you need. Especailly the Dark Brotherhood and their powerful illegal goods you can't get anywhere else..."
76561198087997854,Recommended,266210,13583946,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Reshriham,Was playing as KnightGot to 1523 MetersUltimate bear does more damage than my max health10/10 would play again
76561198121113153,Recommended,266210,13731099,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Connman555,First roguelike game I've ever played and really got me into the genre.I can't recommend enough.
,Recommended,266210,13707714,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Majora,"I defeated the demon lord using a naked female hero barefistedly, with a partner who is a panties lover, in the middle of volcanoland.Overall it's 9.25/10 for a game like this"
76561197985527657,Recommended,266210,12943934,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,cornish rattler,"Now this is interesting......love the mechanics in this game, well thought out, its got that one more go factor and be f..ked procedurally generated worlds are the new black...luv it...be patient and give it a go, it will reward.....oh and p.s its as cheap as a bottle of quality cider...nuff said...;]"
,Recommended,266210,13159161,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Winter Wolf,"Honestly I didn't expect much for my $0.87US, especially from something advertising itself as a roguelike which is usually code for badly disguised roguelite. But I really have to say this game is a great coffee break style Rogue-like. It is a bit graphics heavy as the genre goes but it still manages to keep the feeling of tension (Pro-tip Left is bad, Right is good.)And for once when the difficulty setting says easy it means it. Took me 3 tries to win the first time. Took 22 tries to unlock all the classes. Still haven't finished more than 3x. It is no Dungeon Crawl or Angband or even Tome or Portralis but it manages quite nicely to be fun and have hidden depths. Dying doesn't suck all that much and if there is a beef with the game I suspect hard core Roguelike players won't like that you can save/reload the game but Saving itself is an iffy prospect and hard to scum.The only sure way to save the game at any point is to buy/find a save crystal. Otherwise you have to hope you find a town with a person in it who can save it for you. There are layers upon layers here so what seems like a 10 minute game can actually eat up a lot of your time. Go get it! What are you waiting for??"
76561198079230721,Recommended,266210,13164184,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,.KITTEN ON A RAMPAGE.,"awsome fast action wont get bored, must have"
76561198040493524,Recommended,266210,13119394,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,GrazGW,"So I picked this game up during the winter sale.  For that price I feel like I actually have stolen this game.  Even at ""full price"" this game is an insanely good deal.As it says, the left part of the screen is always moving towards you.  And you are trying to get to the big bad guy all the way on the right.  Sounds pretty simple yeah?  Well, it is quite hard.  But there are so many different things to try and do, I couldn't stop playing.  And a little hint, not every fight is one you want to have, sometimes running away is the best option.The music is great (and even tells you who each piece is by), online mode is fun, and visuals look great as well.  And again, for the price, you can't go wrong picking this game up.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,266210,13114797,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Mofutonin,A great game to waste short breaks on.
,Recommended,266210,13117029,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,JG,Very fun and affordable game that has pretty good replayability.It's a bit confusing at first but you eventually get the hang of it and it pays off.There's not that much to say about this game beside the fact that it's fun and unique and definately your money's worth.
76561197969880686,Recommended,266210,13135936,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,MB Geek,"This little gem caught me COMPLETELY off guard...came across it by accident and was intrigued by the great reviews and picked it up when it was a whopping 87 cents...and I feel so strongly about this game I bought another 2 copies because I felt like I stole it...LOL   If you love old school Rogue alikes this is a very deep, very enjoyable game...a little confusing at first blush (I can only go right?  WTF?) but once you get used to the mechanics it's a great play.  WELL worth the normal price of $3.50 and if you get it for less...gift some to some friends and keep this developer around!"
,Recommended,266210,13043471,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Magical Gril™,"Went into this expecting a huge disappointment given the low price tag. Came out pleasantly surprised. A solid roguelike/dungeon crawler with a few twists, the most notable being the ever present threat of an insta-kill curtain of darkness that will end your run if you play recklessly. Throw in the usual hunger/stamina system and you end up with a decently challenging game that all RPG lovers should at least give a shot.Plus, enough unlockables to keep you busy for quite some time.10/10 would play again <3"
76561198042148905,Recommended,266210,13020264,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,The Dude,"I have only played a few hours of this game but man is it well done. To not spoil anything too much, I'm just going to make a list of some Pros and Cons for One Way Heroics.Pros:1. Randomly generated world2. Well done rpg/strategy system3. Good graphics4. Great music5. Game controls work well whether you use an old controller (such as a Logitech f310 gamepad) or a keyboard.6. Rewards system after the end of each runCons:1. The options menu can be limited. I did have a problem with it at first but I got over it.2. Can be hard to read everything that is in small text on the screen. I hooked up my laptop to my TV with an HDMI cable while playing One Way Heroics and even though it helped somewhat with what I was doing it could be improved on.3. Very simplistic. For some it may be boring because of how simple the game it is, but for others like me it's fine since it's not at all complicated.Summary:Overall this is a very well done game. If you only have a few dollars for Steam, I would recommend giving this game a shot. Some people may not enjoy this game and other people will, but as for me I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,266210,13021187,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,PearDrops,This really is a great addictive little game.  It rewards you and also encourages you to complete the boss but offers so many methods of doing so that the entertainment value for the cost of this game is worth the purchase.  I regret nothing and had a fun afternoon completing the game.
76561198063356380,Recommended,266210,13034472,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,kensword,great!
,Recommended,266210,13038959,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Juhoperkele,"Awesome little japanese RPG-game. First 1 hour, i had no idea, what i have do, but i still kept playing.8/10"
,Recommended,266210,12989062,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,YFC,"It's a solid, quick roguelike. There's a surprisingly large amount of secrets, the classes play differently, and dying is no biggie. Between deaths, you can review what you did wrong, move over equipment between lives, and spend skill points on perks. Overall, it's a fun little game that's worth the price."
,Recommended,266210,12991756,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Reaver,"I really like how this game is played out as far as events and combat, this is by far my favorite game out of all RPG Maker games. Games like this show how useful both RPG Maker, Wolf Editor, etc.  can be, this game is like minecraft with it's randomly generated worlds and biomes as well as its abillity to to combat enemies in the open. The multiple classes and perks makes the game more and more replayable as each time is different depending on Dimension, Class, and Perks. Being able to use a controller with this makes this game even more fun to play as the controls feel great for entering commands as the default keybindings can cause your hand to cramp up if your like me and want to have a finger on each binded button. the replay viewer is nicely done as it plays non stop from start to finish in real game time, it's also great to leave last messages behind for people to view giving the game some form of multiplayer aspects. Theres not to much to dislike about this other than the button layout is set to joypad layouts and not 360 controller layouts other than that I'd recommend this game to anyone who likes RPGs and I'd love to see another game based around the Demon Lord and how he became the antagonist."
,Recommended,266210,12966537,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ksempac,"Part roguelike, part JRPG, One Way Heroics is an hybrid game that should please many people.The game tasks you to keep moving forward (from left to right) in a world that is randomly generated, to become stronger and stronger, until you're finally able to save the world by defeating the Evil Lord responsible for the Darkness invading from the left.But contrary to pure roguelikes, a failure doesn't mean you lose everything : when you finish a game (regardless of whether it was a success or not), you can save some items from your inventory into a ""Dimensional Vault"". The vault allow your next heroes to grab the items from them, and thus start a new game with powerful equipments right from the start. With this system, you can soon have starting heroes that are extremely powerful.Moreover, since this is an hybrid JRPG, there is a lot more story in this game than there is in a typical roguelike. During each of your travels, you may find some new locations or characters, and this will help you better understand what is exactly happening to the world, as well as unlocking new places, storylines and endings. This helps alleviates one of the problems of roguelikes which is that they sometimes feel like you're doing the same thing over and over again.The gameplay itself is nice, with many items, skills, and classes that allow for different approaches to combat. It's turn-based, with positioning being an important part of the combat system. If you're lucky, you might later be able to expand your party, and have companions help you on your quests, which add more tactical options. Once again, this is a nice difference to classic roguelikes where you're usually all alone all the time.Another good point for the game is that it should please a large number of RPG or roguelike fans. It has 4 different difficulty levels and you also have the option to turn off the Dimensional Vault as you wish. This mean that casual players will enjoy being able to finish the game on Easy and Normal, while Roguelike veterans will get the challenge they are looking for by playing harder difficulties, without the help of the vault.On the whole, I really enjoy One Way Heroics. It offers me some interesting challenges, but somehow, it also feel like a relaxing game, because you're all alone in the vast open country (contrary to many roguelikes who prefer claustrophobic dungeons). It's a very nice game to both unwind, and also get my brain working hard, depending on which difficulty i play on. And i keep coming back to it, because there is a lot of secrets that i have yet to find and classes i have yet to finish the game with."
76561198040590793,Recommended,266210,12970630,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cuck Or Kick,"Not a huge fan of the rogue-like genre, but this was a really fun game. It's a fun and simple way to pass the time. Not a universe shattering experience, but worth the price I paid. I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,266210,12454005,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,moocowmoocow,"This game is a lot of fun. It combines some of the elements of roguelikes with Japanese visual aesthetic and music. Combat is simple mechanically, but the great variety of stats and equipment (due to randomization) makes every game play differently. There are unlockables to add extra incentive, and it doesn't feel like a chore or a grind to do them. Highly recommend this game, particularly if you're fond of roguelikes and JRPGs."
76561198118320935,Recommended,266210,12458945,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,xNattefrostx,"great game, its simple and fun."
76561198045201401,Recommended,266210,12631900,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,PlasmaBubble,"One Way Heroics is a very nice gem, especially due to its low price.GAMEPLAY:The game's gameplay is relatively simple, making it quite easy to learn, a great positive for a more casual game like One Way Heroics. Fortunately, despite its initial simplicity, the gameplay becomes addicting due to its blend of a slow turn-based aspect together with a sense of urgency created by the ever-scrolling screen. The gameplay becomes especially enjoyable inside of the dungeons, where the player must plan out all of the character's moves to kill all the monsters before the darkess reaches you (and maybe take some loot).SOUND:Although it didn't strike me as particularly mesmerising, the sound track does a good job at involving the player, and is enjoyable enough to listen to for a long amount of time.ART:One Way Heroics seems to be following a recent trend of indie games having pixelated graphics, but despite this I really enjoyed the art, and in this case, it matches the old-school RPG feeling of the game.In conclusion, this game is a good recommendation for those people who only have a couple minutes available to play games and also to those who have multiple hours to play. The game is very enjoyable,and although the game may seem short at first, it has incredible replay value.Thumbs up for One Way Heroics"
,Recommended,266210,11044326,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,citriccenobite,"This game is probably the most worthwhile purchase I've made on Steam thus far. I bought it for $0.87 during the summer sale and definitely didn't expect to get as much mileage out of it as I am.One Way Heroics starts with a pretty simple plot and concept, but there's a lot lurking beneath the surface. What starts off as a simple JRPG excuse plot-- the encroaching darkness that you have to defeat-- actually serves as an interesting and challenging game mechanic. Since you're constantly advancing and trying to stay as far ahead of the Darkness as possible, you're basically forced to make decisions about where you go, who you fight, and what dungeons and towns are worth investigating. Add the class/perk character customization system, and you can pretty much play this game in any way you choose (once you unlock the classes and perks with Hero Points, anyway).I liked the fact that after you die the results screen actually gives you an evaluation and advice on how to succeed in your next run. The Hero Point/Dimensional Vault system is also pretty interesting; having your previous runs contribute to your next feels a lot more satisfying than just having your saves wiped whenever you die. Despite these concessions and the save system that allows you to savescum if you want to, the game is still challenging and fun to play.If you like roguelikes, you really can't go wrong with this one, especially for the price (even when it's not on sale!). I've played way too much of this game and don't plan to stop anytime soon. Not until I reach 10,000 km!"
,Recommended,266210,11045111,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,TimTimmery,"It's rediculously addictive for such a low price, there is no reason not to get it"
,Recommended,266210,11048946,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Bagel,"Quite possibly one of my favorite Roguelikes to date. Multiple classes, perks, partners, unlockables, difficulties and randomly generated worlds makes each runthrough an experience full of experimentation and discovery. The simplistic yet charming artstyle works well with the turn-based style gameplay as well and with the shadows constantly chasing your character down, you have to carefully strategize and choose your moves wisely in order to survive while preparing for the troubles ahead.The only disappointing part is the limited amount of unlockables (easily obtainable by about 3 hours of play), but One Way Heroics makes up for this with the large amount of replayability.Overall, with the massive amount of replayability, class/perk combinations, cheesy humor, and daily seeds, I can easily see myself coming back to this game even years after its release."
,Recommended,266210,11050062,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Strenling,"This is definitely a game that's worth its money. I personally haven't put many hours into it yet, but the uniqueness of it (And the almost-feel of the Final Fantasies) are enough to keep me playing for a whole lot longer."
,Recommended,266210,11073881,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,紫色宇航员,I....Cant...Stop...Going Right................I CANT STOP PLAYING!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMGGGGG WHYYYYY!!!!!
76561198088061551,Recommended,266210,10947336,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Yonahga,"A very interesting and very fun game with an original concept, addictive, semi-roguelike gameplay with a ton of replayability. Worth every cent of the $3.50 USD but getting it on sale is a steal to say the least."
,Recommended,266210,10961084,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kale_Fellblade,"Fun game. Got it practically for free selling trading cards. Knowing what the game is like now, I would have happily spent the full price on it."
76561197995223594,Recommended,266210,10983580,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,GBae ♦,THIS GAME IS ONE WAY FUN
,Recommended,266210,10984041,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pie KaZkout,"Oh boy what to write...Personally i love this game, most words cannot explain how much i love it! The music fits the game like a puzzel peice( an din the top right you see what song is playing which is awesome). The graphics are very nostalgic and AMAZING. Personally if you like  cute looking JRPG'S and adventure games YOU MUST GET THIS (It is very cheep o.o)"
,Recommended,266210,11106910,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,FoolishPeasant,"It's cheap, you don't need a behemoth of a machine to run it, and it's fun.Buy it."
,Recommended,266210,11108706,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ThymeTheory,"very easy to play and heaps of replay ability, i would recommend everyone who likes jrpgs or rpgs, or games to get this game! :D"
,Recommended,266210,11111799,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Aliandris,"In response to the final boss assaulting me early in my journey, I ripped all my clothes off and beat him to death with my bare hands.  What's not to love about that?Normally I don't enjoy rogue-likes because dying usually just means losing all your work, but this game really handles that sense of achievement and constant growth despite death very well.This is a really snazzy game, and you'd be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't give it a try."
76561198063007525,Recommended,266210,10793533,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Russian Doto Best Doto,nt bad
76561198054691382,Recommended,266210,10794606,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jacob0876,"This game feels much like a classic final fantasy game with some streamlined elements(such as the much easier and faster combat). it has Enough content to keep you busy for at least 2-3 hours, i bought it just an hour ago and I'm having a blast with it. the game has great replayability, i only played the single player mode and i would recommend it to any RPG fan."
76561198082119039,Recommended,266210,10798376,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,swinefordn,"This is probably the best value that I have gotten out of a game. Hours of really fun gameplay with engaging combat and a good story, along with inventive multiplayer and thousands of different maps available, all for less than a dollar when on sale. There is no doubt that this is one of the best deals I have ever seen."
,Recommended,266210,10890096,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bulba,Fun. Addictive.
,Recommended,266210,10890551,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Andyius,"Short, simple, and satisfying."
,Recommended,266210,11930206,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,togetherness,nice
,Recommended,266210,11719684,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,jennifer lawrence,"Honestly, I bought this game on a whim during the summer sale since it was 75 cents or something like that. I didn't expect much, but I absolutely ended up loving it. Quick little adventures that I can play in bursts with some gear carrying over to the next adventure is something that I was very interested in. If you like challenging yet simple games with RPG characteristics, check this one out, you won't be disappointed. On the plus side, it's super cheap! :)"
76561198041378518,Recommended,266210,11734735,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Tej,you NEED this
76561198031033811,Recommended,266210,14597093,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,seriousfon,One of the best Rogue-like I ever play!!
76561197962746253,Recommended,266210,14599339,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,kokunze,In the beginning difficult but after getting into it a nice little game which keeps you playing over and over again.
,Recommended,266210,14796119,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,I Lost My Bagel,"This is that game that you might play when you first buy it and not like it, but then you pick it up after a few months and its all of a sudden an amazing game.9.5/10 challenging, addicting, and awesome to play with a friend"
76561198085638518,Recommended,266210,14690442,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Eldinfir,"One Way Heroics is a fantastic example that games dont have to provide 60-80 hours in the core content and story to keep you hooked for two or three times as many hours.  The core gameplay feature used in OWH is one that I had almost forgotten existed and I was impressed with how well OWH executes it.  Breath of Fire Dragon Quater was the last time I played a game that expected you to fail early and immediately provide the spark to do it all over again by keeping some of the items/skills you acquired and knowledge of what to expect.  I dont want to ruin the game's story surprises that took me completely off guard to the point I felt it was better than what most mainsteam titles have presented in the past few years.I thought i had a firm grasp my 4th run through but I did not feel satisfied that I had completed its story until my 8th or 10th.   I still get the feeling there is more for me to find given I learned something new each time and I'll keep playing it even if there weren't.  PROs - Provides addictive gameplay that you can experience in less than an hour or several if you amp up the difficulty, Wonderful Soundtrack, and daily campaign dimensions that add more challenges and interesting modes of play.  The tone of this game had feelings of nostalgia running through me every playthrough and i finally realized it was because of how much it reminded me of the Fire Emblem series.  I think if you cut this game it would bleed pure heroism.  CONS- None buy this game ASAP only the unimaginative could find faults in a game as enjoyable as this and the reason would be that it doesnt have awesome graphics.  They dont see the care and love around each and every pixel."
76561198013284171,Recommended,266210,14024769,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Harken,Really fun game and way better than I expected. Definitely worth the price and plenty of time can go into this working to beat the game with all classes. :D
,Recommended,266210,14031758,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Nezorf,Be the hero travels through lands and saves the world. This game is good and have its own charms. If u like this graphic style and like RPG u shouldnt miss this game.PROs- Many Classes- Many Dimension to save- Many items and monters- Classic RPGCONs- Poor graphic- Short Play- through- Few skills
,Recommended,266210,14302935,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cuki Dep,"One way heroics is a rogue like indie turn based rpg.You choose a class,sex and up to 3 traits and venture in a quest to save the world from darkness.There's a inminent darkness approaching, everytime you move it gets closer to you, if it touches you you're a goner.Each time you finish a game by either reaching the demon lord or dying you will be ranked in several categories and tips about how to increase your game efficiency.You will also get heroic points to buy special traits, classes and advantages like being able to storage items for the next playthrough.Game has is challenging and the random generated npcs,monsters and paths can screw you over your be your best friend.The game costs less than 4 dollars and i'd say that's the ideal price for a game like this, good to know some indie developers know how to price their products."
,Recommended,266210,14136670,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,skirby1990,One Way HeroicsThis is one of the most simple games that I have played on the PC to date. The game combines some of my favourite machanics for some oldies that I enjoy and combines them in a way that makes each new map playthrough a fun and interesting experience. Although each playthrough is not considerably long the ability to transfer items from one playthrough to the next is quite an interesting game machanic that you can use to do strategic playtroughs in an attempt to aquire high level items for early use on a new map or simply attempt to finish the game in a single run through without useing any items from a previous playthrough.Taking into consideration that the story is supposed to be simple and short I would give an average rating for story and a high rating for gameplay. Leaving this as a highly recommended game for times when you are not sure what to play or when you are looking for somthing simple to pass the time.Rating:4/5  - GoodThank Youskirby1990
,Recommended,266210,14139265,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,> Doon,"If you're looking for a turn based rpg that is really easy to get into and not too involved, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,266210,14196172,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Seer,"Enjoyable enough, and has some replay ability. Given the price this game is a good buy."
76561198076276605,Recommended,266210,14261072,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Jackin' JoJo,"the title sums this entire game up you travel one way and your a hero the game itself is a rougue like so if you die your done for again ""ONE"" way heroics one life but all in all its alot of fun sure it gets boring and you die alot at the begining but its pretty solid game my only complaint is how small the screen is besides that its got good music some challenging parts and its just a jolly good time"
,Recommended,266210,14155669,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Miles Seawind,"I am at a lack for words... this is a very compeling rougelite where imminent death is constantly chasing you, neverending story style. The atomsphere, music, and gameplay are both familiar to jrpg/rougelike fantics; yet feel quite unique. I cannot sing One Way Heroics' praises enough."
76561198066589894,Recommended,266210,14131909,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,kaibarnard,"Seriously fun, and worth far more then the price tag would suggest - and addictive."
76561198235393848,Recommended,266210,30498418,Posted: 13 March,all,basho,Super Fun game. Still have not found everything about the characters and endings. Would reccommend!
76561198028210803,Recommended,266210,13630353,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Flymetothemoon,"This game lacks polish, and it can be a bit confusing to start, but once I died a few times and started getting a feel for how to play, I found a unique charm to the game, a bit reminiscent of Half Minute Hero.The game has all the typical elements of a coffeebreak roguelike, but the game's unique time mechanic limits time spent searching every nook and cranny of the map, and forcing you to make use of every resource you come across. Unlocking new content as you play isn't tedious, especially since none of it is required to win a playthrough.I recommend this for any fan of simple, short roguelikes."
,Recommended,266210,13713414,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Obviousguy,"[Purchased for $1.12 during the Steam Winter Sale]This game is absolutely brilliant! Being the big fan of JRPGs and turn based games as well as a fan of the pixel style graphics, I was very curious about this game. I had sold my CS:GO items and ad been saving up for a while, I had around $1.20 kicking around in my steam wallet funds and I stumbled across this game. I took a look at it and saw that it looked pretty good. I have played this game for a few hours now and I am totally loving it!9.5/10"
,Recommended,266210,13716055,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,freedom718,Really fun game. Good for it's price and really good by that if you want to play a quick game before going out or sleeping which you could say it is rushing you but not being under pressure. The dialogue in this is also hilarious :D Enjoy every minute of it so far.
76561198013195134,Recommended,266210,11044300,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Dr. Spankenstein,"Bought this game for 87 cents.  Worth at least 10 bucks.  By far the most fun I've had playing a rogue like game.  The music is cool, the graphics have a neat Final Fantasy feel, and talking to the fairy is amusing.  Lots of different items to find, as well  as hidden secrets.  One playthrough lasts maybe 30 minutes to an hour, but you'll want to unlock more perks/classes/vault space and have another go at that arrogant demon king.  Just beat the easiest difficulty with Slinky the Swordmaster, and I look forward to playing several more times to beat the other difficulties.  A different world can be generated every time, so there is a ton of replayability.  Since death is frequent and still yields hero points to spend on unlocks, it is a great game to chill with.  Laughed hard when I realized my poor hunter Sasha got set on fire with her own flammable potion.Definitely pick this up if you like rogue likes. love that old school feel, and are looking for a game that is challenging but not frustrating."
,Recommended,266210,10628884,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kiblygon,"I've enjoyed this game a lot more than i thought i would since i only paid a dollar for it. The replayability is what makes this so worth it. You can start a random adventure, die, and then just start again. I definitely reccomend this to people who like unique pixel-type games."
,Recommended,266210,14071486,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Captain J,"Why do I recommend this game? Because you get to play as a pirate, no not a character dressed up as a pirate, but an actual, bona fide pirate. So smash down the walls of shops,♥♥♥♥♥♥(Well you actually can't carry that out.), murder, and pillage while laughing diabolically carrying at all the loot you didn't need to pay for! Of course if you're a prude and you don't want to do that, you can have fun with the other classes as well. (But seriously, pirate is the only class you'll ever need did I  mention I like pirates?) The story while simple at face value, can actually get a bit complex and the characters are interesting and you will get attached to some of them, not all of them, but some of them. Also this game allows you run around butt naked punching things to death so what's not to like about that eh? All in all, a very fun game that's easy to pick up n play but can get complex if you decide to make it that way. Kinda like Smash Bros now that I think about it.WHADDOYA DOIN' GO BUY THE GAME AND SMASH N GRAB ALL THE THINGS ARRRRRR"
76561198091453777,Recommended,266210,14184669,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Andrew McC00l,"Takong ""Gotta Go Fast"" to the ultimate level, OWH challenges you to be able to manage your time, as every turn removes one row of the map. Everything save talking to an ally takes up a turn. Despite the intimidating apperance, the game is actually rather simple once one gets a idea on how to play. The easy mode really helps new players, but harder difficulties give signifigantly better rewards, like partners. Special mention to the partners, they really can steal the show. Especially Panty, who challenges you to take time out of your adventure to gather money, which can take lots of time, and Freida, for her ending.Pros:Psudo-Online: Ghost of other players can give you items.Companions: Good time.Titles: Titles can boost/weaken an enemy or ally, conversations also change to match NPC's title.Gamplay: Simple but fun.Seed system: Self explanitory. However, every seed has a Hall of Fame list, showing everyone who ever beat the seed in order, and every seed you beat gets added to a list, allowing you to check the Hall of Fame to see changes.Neutral:Artstyle: VERY Simple. I personally like it. You may not.Cons:Padding: One ending involves going about 2000 miles/tiles/km. This gets EXETREMELY tiring, and prepare to resort to save-scumming your way to victory here.Saving: Not every world has everything. When starting, I often used the seed ""Shinryu"" and never got save points. (Moral, don't use Shinryu).Terrain: Minor complaint, but after a while, the biomes start to repeat over and over, with no randomly generated structures to set apart (I once got three empty plains in a row).Overall: 9.5/10 Would auto-scroll again"
,Recommended,266210,13285379,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Diesel Do,"One Way Heroics is a very addictive rogue like game, but instead of lasting for hours or days rounds are 5-20 min runs in which you'll be trying to out run the ever present Darkness consuming the left of your screen while gaining enough gear and lv's to defeat the Demon Lord. This makes for an intreasting dynamic as you try to balence exploration, monster slaying, cheast looting, and even buying and saving. For every action you take the darkness creeps a little closer. Luckily after each run you'll earn points towards buying classes (you start with two of the 8 available), Perks (you start with 3 slots and only stat perks available, you can buy skill perks and will aquire 2 more slots as you buy perks), and most importently Dimensional Vault spaces (Which allows you to carry over your best/favorite gear and items).OWH is a little light on the story but compared to a lot of rogue-likes it's on par or above. Features a party system you can take advantage of (As long as you have charisma and don't abandon the appropriate npcs to the darkness). A fair amount of gear which can hold up to 10 enchantments meaning a huge variation of what can be found/made. A MASSIVE random map generator (seriously this things HUGE you can create a world by typing in nearly anything). An online mode where you can compare your success to others and even find player ghosts which will grant you half a lv's worth of exp and a random item said character possesed. There's also multiple difficulties ranging from the very very short Walk in the Park  to the slightly more demanding Massive Odeisy, online scoring and 44 acheivements to collect.Now I paid full price and I'm an old school gamer so I can honestly say I've blown a lot more then the measily cost for this wonderful game in an arcade and I'm getting a ton of fun out of it, it's worth the buy!"
76561198126623846,Recommended,266210,13443980,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,zlm2014,Amazingly simple and addicting. Plus jonesing for loot.
76561198067382170,Recommended,266210,13325163,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Xero Strife,"It's a very simple game to pick up and play. So easy to put time into this without realizing it. Excellent gameplay so far, though I've only beaten the boss once. Looking forward to more."
,Recommended,266210,13325432,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Demichi (Beware the Gympie),i bought the game for a dollar. played for a few hours. still trying to get into it
,Recommended,266210,12643181,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Nas ne Dagonyat,Really nice!
76561198115545832,Recommended,266210,15283148,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,RedShakii,"After playing this game for a while,I can say that this game is absolutely one of my favourites.The roguelike game i was looking for decades,challenging and deep at a very low cost,beautiful arts and a very interesting gameplay,multiple endings are also a good thing.Just perfect. 10\10"
,Recommended,266210,14365574,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,checkerknights,"One Way Heroics emulates the aesthetic of old school JRPGs without feeling like it’s trying too hard to recapture nostalgia. With each procedurally generated world, each combination of Perks and Classes, and each difficulty level, there are infinite gameplay experiences possible.If you’re a fan of sprite-based JRPGs and want a break from traditional turn-based combat and random battles, I would highly suggest you check out One Way Heroics. The simplicity of the game makes it easy to get into and hard to put down, creating an experience that borders on addiction."
76561198061575219,Recommended,266210,14999175,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,"Dr. F, the One and Only","A great game for a really cheap price, worth it if you have some change just lying around. A roguelike adventure where you move to the right trying to outrun the darkness and defeat the demon lord. There are multiple different classes to choose from and you can unlock perks to give your characters at the beginning of a run, ranging from more hp to a pet that will help you battle. There is also a dimensional vault, which you can upgrade to hold more items, that will let you transfer items from one run to another."
,Recommended,266210,19123345,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,J.C.,I started a new dimension and met a guy named Masochist King Victor. 11/10... I thought I was alone.
,Recommended,266210,16253892,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,The Big Large,i thought i was doing well until a bat slapped me in the nuts and i died
,Recommended,266210,16711215,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,็็็็็็็็็็,you can throw arrows at the demon lord and kill him.you can throw food at the demon lord and kill him.you can throw save crystals at the demon lord and kill him.you can throw papers at the demon lord and kill him.you can throw rocks at the demon lord and kill him.11/10 would throw items again
,Recommended,266210,19328787,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Eighth Fox (El Kami),"The first 60 minutes where hard, then if you just play like a normal guy with common sense you can practically win with no problem until you get surrounded by those sons of ♥♥♥♥♥es, word of a pyscopatch10/10 Buy it because it worth it in case you want something fast with rpg elements."
76561198024086114,Recommended,266210,19325540,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,toastywolf,Neat roguelike experience without needing to put in 100+ hours per character. The DLC adds a lot of depth to the game.
,Recommended,266210,14293203,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Eric the Goblin,"Guys, this ♥♥♥♥ing game is great! Such a nice way to waste 10 minutes of a day!Kill some trolls, pick up some seeds, murder a Townsfolk, get shanked by demon lord, game overAbsolutely lovely, I recommend it highly"
,Recommended,266210,19306896,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,KrislingCIG,"This was way more fun than I had anticpated. Compelling 'one more turn' gameplay, exploration gets rewarded, movement should be carefully considered for both exploration and combat. Worth far, far more than the 57p I paid for it in the sale."
76561198050494133,Recommended,266210,19313124,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Wolfie,"Incredibly addicting. Definitely deserves ""Very Positive"" user reviews."
,Recommended,266210,19300959,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Belmont ™,"Addictive and fun.Expect to die = it's part of the game.Start, RUN RIGHT, pick up items, kill enemies, save often, die, spent points,Rinse.Repeat."
,Recommended,266210,19303869,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mikalele,"This is the best $0.87 I've ever spent! I enjoyed the work of every detail in this game! There's so much more than meets the eye with One Way Heroics and ,on a side note, being a programmer myself a big THUMBS UP to the guys behind the screen grinding for that (probably around) 400 pages of code! haha rough estimate but its a must play for all y'all final fantasy lovers and mystery dungon fans, it's a georgious mix! FYI I beat the game on my 4th try after about half an hour of playing and I still love playing this ever so creative masterpiece!"
,Recommended,266210,19301921,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Lemming,Great game.  Fun randomness to it.
76561197994073479,Recommended,266210,19299427,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Coffee,"In short, its quick fun with excellent replayability.The worlds are randomized and there are plenty of ways to build characters for every session. As you progress you unlock more classes and get to carry over some items from your previous session if you win. The music is appropriate to the genre and pretty good quality, really gets you in that pixil adventuing mood. Not a bad buy at all."
,Recommended,266210,19297634,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Am I Shadows? ♫,"It takes some time getting used to this game, but once you got used to it, There won't be much trouble! I really enjoy this game!"
76561198063501758,Recommended,266210,19295352,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Unemployed Loser...or winner?,A million times better than any of the new final fantasy games of late.
,Recommended,266210,19273052,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,The EdgeLord,one of the most fun games i've ever played expected to play for ten minutes ended up playing for an hour and i may not play consistently but i come back
76561198132883297,Recommended,266210,19318367,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,TROLLIN COOKIE,this game is fun i just cant seem to find any one online to play with
,Recommended,266210,19219390,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Tep,Really fun game if you like rogue-style.  Similar to Rogue Legacy (except this isn't a platformer) and Pixel Dungeon.Get it on sale.
,Recommended,266210,22761248,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,5-propenyl-1-nonen-6-yne,"A really good casual rpg + humor. I don't usually recommend games, but I've got to give this game one.  10/10"
,Recommended,266210,22064724,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,bwoah-chan,"Great roguelike RPG that's priced really low even without a sale and can really sink your time a LOT because it just has so much replayability. There's a random world generator that works really well and made each game feels like a new journey, about 8 different characters (11 with dlc), and a dimensional vault that lets you save that strong/expensive/useful item you've just found in your previous run.Really fun and stressful game anyway, would spend multiple hours again and die from a random dragon or save scum a save file over and over again for hours. Buffed dragon is so ♥♥♥♥ing overpowered late game though, that♥♥♥♥♥♥just oneshots everything.edit:♥♥♥♥ me, I should've bought the expansion pack too when it was on sale ;w;I really didn't thought I would play this game for over 5 hours, and now I just can't stop playing this game."
76561198074471517,Recommended,266210,22850361,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ferry0Styx,Nice game to play while listening to podcasts. It's pretty fun and the gimmick is cool.
,Recommended,266210,22849076,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Spamantha1,Wonderful retro RPG A++++++++++++
,Recommended,266210,24246447,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ghosttii,Simple but enjoyableAcheivements are challenging but funBe prepared to invest a lot of time before you actually get anywhere7/10
,Recommended,266210,24308497,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,J's,"This game is frustrating at first... unless you're very good at those sort of things.  You need to keep moving east/right and avoid the darkness coming from the west/left.  Every action will cost you time and the darkness will move on.But if you hang in there for a few playthrough (or you're realy good at it) you'll get points (depending on your performance) to spend to unlock new class, perks or dimensional storage (cross playthrough storage).  Eventually you'll beat the game and you'll be able to move to the next phase : mastering the game.Oh... and my first win was with the pirate class (hunter, then pirate unlock)."
,Recommended,266210,15395112,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Lightly Salted,"Stuck at wall,mountain and lake faster than darkness.10/10.Would recommend."
,Recommended,266210,24257016,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Junk,One of the most unique and addicting RPG style games I have ever played.- Different Characters- Random gameplay each time- Level of difficulty makes you engaged- Original and Unique game mechanic
,Recommended,266210,24196443,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[SG] ILIKETOEATPi,"It's a traditional roguelike but the push to move right is a uniquely fun twist. Whenever you enter a dungeon or building, it often feels tense to grab as much loot as you can and run from enemies if you have to. This game is charming and I would recommend it for anyone who likes to play roguelikes that are turn-based and want a bit of a challenge."
76561198147417441,Recommended,266210,20925912,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Vince-alicious,"This game is just absolutely epic. It has hours upon hours of gameplay and it just never gets stale with the abundance of classes and story. The story is just so rich, just when you thought you had achieved an ending and completed the game, YOU HAVEN'T, there's just so much content packed into this small little game. I think this game deserves to be played by many more people."
76561198080837694,Recommended,266210,20680699,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Fireman_Grimsley,"The best $0.87 I've ever spent on Steam. This game is a great blend of classic rpg with a fast-paced difficult roguelike. The music's great, the npcs are delightful, and most of all, it's fun. If you like games like Half-Minute Hero or Ancient Domains of Mystery, you should pick this up."
,Recommended,266210,20816877,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Araganor,"This game....it is addictive.I got it for $0.89 and almost immediately bought the DLC. I've had way more enjoyment from this game than 89 cents has any right to give! The fast-paced gameplay gives all of the satisfaction of a Final Fantasy game without all of the lengthy cutscenes. As such, it is great fun in 20 minute chunks or 2 hour marathons.One Way Heroics is a Roguelike adventure game that takes place in a fantasy world that is being consumed by darkness. Our brave hero must quickly travel ---> and defeat the Demon Lord in order to stop the darkness from consuming the entire world!  The constant pressure of the dark wall of doom closing in behind you forces you to plan ahead and takes a bit of getting used to. Labyrinthine dungeons are there for the plundering, but if you spend too much time looting you may find yourself without an escape route!Don't let the word ""roguelike"" scare you off! The game has a save system, so if you really want to continue your adventure after getting eaten by that dragon, you can restart from the last time you saved. Keep an eye out for villages to save at! Also, there is an ""emergency save"" feature that allows you to save anywhere provided it has been at least 5 (in-game) days since your last save. Of course, you get a higher end-game score if you clear the game without dying, and with minimal saving.In the beginning, you can choose between two classes, and more can be unlocked as you earn hero points (awarded at the end of each run). Each class has a trait unique to them that offers its own style, from the straightforward Swordmaster: master of slashy stuff, to the Force User: a squishy mage-type character.Without spoiling anything, the game has a surprising amount of depth to it. I'm still discovering new stuff and I have been playing for quite a while already. There is a dark brotherhood, NPCs to befriend, an adorable fairy guide, witty dialogue, and some interesting sidequests you can find. The DLC is well-worth the cost, almost doubling the amount of content in the game.Give this game a go, at a price like this you'd be hard pressed to find a better value."
76561198046095487,Recommended,266210,20840515,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Silent Moth,a really great and beautiful game. the soundtrack is amazing and the game is really fun with lots of replay value. this game could defenitly sell for 10-15 dollars and still be worth the price.
,Recommended,266210,20253613,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Serialies,"Killed the demon lord by throwing my armor at her.Later, killed darkness dragon with my very last arrow with only 5 durability left on the holy bow and 20 HP.10/10 would save world again."
76561198069748258,Recommended,266210,20232958,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,radagar,this is a good little game
76561198098315100,Recommended,266210,20172999,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,جبريل,Its really HARD GAMEbut NOW i can BEAT THIS GAMEIF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR HARD GAME>>>>RECOMMEND BUY THIS GAME<<<<<
76561198054736735,Recommended,266210,20797075,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,cobrasmash,"Very cool game, once again, if your nostalgic about good old RPG and u enjoyed recent rogue games, try this one !"
76561198069583648,Recommended,266210,20796267,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Grayfang,"This game is my favorite little rpg in my library, it's a easy to understand and has good music. 10/10 Would die again."
76561197988670389,Recommended,266210,20735379,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ZeroDivide,"I refunded this game.  But that said, I am still going to recommend it.It feels very neverending storyish with darkness approaching that is swallowing everything up.The rpg equipment was sorted very well among the tabs, and it was easy to see what was going on.The music was nice, and it changes when you enter buildings or change zone types.Simple combat that makes for an enjoyable drop in and play a bit content.But why did I refund it then?  moving diagonally is an extreme advantage.  and you are punished for not using it.  But using a keyoard and mouse (mouse is not supported) makes this a pesky chore fuddling around with wasd control and arrows keys.Infact just navigating though the screens is an unpleasent experience because of how they handle things.If you run a controller, I expect the experience is wonderfull.  But if you are using a keyboard I'd have to say its eather hit or miss depending on if you can stand the graphics and controls or if they are going to drive you crazy."
76561197987316769,Recommended,266210,20673772,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Averise,ZENURA!
,Recommended,266210,10891826,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,McMasters,Good. Cheap. Thinky. Good controls. Worth it.
,Recommended,266210,10893094,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BlaQNYC,I can't believe how awesome this game. It's incredible. Just buy it. It's a steal at any price.
,Recommended,266210,10894227,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fuj Fujiyama,Worth the price!
76561198081617886,Recommended,266210,10894275,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,jjnel8403,One Way Heroics is the best value to be found on Steam in a very long time.
,Recommended,266210,10895527,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,YongWolfRang,no excuses buy this game 87 cents untill sale ends if you don't you will be sorry
,Recommended,266210,10846083,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Arhicath,I am way too happy with this game.Soundtrack rocks.It's an adventure roguelike as opposed to a dungeon crawling roguelike.420 play it♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,266210,10847149,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Siggy,"Fun little roguelike that doesn't destroy the difficulty with successive run rewards. Instead offers new strategies through unlocked new classes and perks and being able to carry over limited amounts of inventory onto your new characters. Layout is a little obfuscated at first look but after learning where everything is you'll be making smooth runs in no time. Strong replayability  and ""That's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" factor through randomly generated worlds."
,Recommended,266210,10847234,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JohnGabrielUK,What can I say? It's a simple concept executed extremely well; each new playthrough promises the chance to try something new. I'd even recommend it over the similarly-priced Cthulu Saves the World.
76561198102260408,Recommended,266210,10847845,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gurren Wolfen,"Although this seems like it should be more of an IOS game it's still pretty damn great. The soundtrack isn't something that I would download on my phone but it gets the job done. Gameplay is simple and fun. The replay abillity is what probably will make you keep coming back to play. Every playthrough will be different because of the option to randomize the maps for each playthrough. First time playing, you might die a lot. The more you play the more you'll get better and the more fun it gets."
76561198046214149,Recommended,266210,12648733,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,And then I said,"Very imterestimg...Very very intersting, first thing to note about this game is that it's actually turn based even though te controls and gameplay make it fell like it's active.  You can take all the time you want to plan your next move, attack or item pick.  The whole gameplay is like a sprite rpg but there's a black cloud following from the left and forces you to keep in mind how long it takes to kill something, go through a dungeon, or even shop.It's pretty adictive."
,Recommended,266210,12652497,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Nicorobin,"Addictive.  Might take a second to figure it out, but once you do frustrating and fun.  Well worth the price."
,Recommended,266210,12823721,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Pancake Pupper,"This game is so amazing. I never thought a sidescroller RPG could ever be this fun! The perk system Is a little weak, but the higher class rank the more perks you can have. The fact that you have to use hero points to unlock perks such as having a pet, or more efficient swimming is not the greatest. The overall class system is pretty balanced  with the hunter, the knight, the pirate, the bard, the swordmaster, the force user, the adventurer, and one other class if you beat the demon lord 7 times. The monsters in this game are so diverse, that it's hard to keep track of their stats. The dimentional vault is an amazing tool that allows you to be stronger in the earlier game.Overall I recommend this game for its ability to tie in the sidescroller and the RPG genres almost perfectly!96/100"
76561197999875268,Recommended,266210,13149123,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Smalls,fun just wish there was a multiplayer.
76561198206075107,Recommended,266210,21592365,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Chess,"I don't know how this game stays fresh, as simple as the game play is I thought it'd get old after a while, but it doesn't. Really creative, lots to do, and tons of fun stuff to figure out and find."
76561198277011659,Recommended,266210,21630991,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kilaker,"SImple concept, but they do it very well. We have all seen the top down pixel rpg games before. This not only has the twist of the constant moving darkness that moves from left to right. It makes you think twice for the first time ""is it worth to get that chest?"" New unlockable classes, difficulty and lots of weapons etc makes this game last long as well. Music is fantastic! 7.7/10"
,Recommended,266210,16483790,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,.Crabclaw,If I had paid full price for this I would have paid roughly 13 cent per hour of entertainment.Force User OP
76561198084515189,Recommended,266210,20731921,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,nick.feijoo,F-U-N spells fun
,Recommended,266210,20744071,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,FatalBlade,"I was a little skeptical when I first looked at it but after playing it a few times and understanding the mechanics I soon came to really enjoy the game, It's pretty simple but fun. The single direction doesn't detract from the game like I thought it would but rather adds strategy to the game. Will you go back and unlcok that chest? Is that Item back there worth it? It's also pretty easy to avoid so long as you don't get yourself trapped inside a building with a weak weapon. You always move faster than it does and you're able to break down almost any walls in the game. Save those around the shrines and sealed doors. I would highly recommend this game!"
76561198056845287,Recommended,266210,21036320,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,R-eader,"Short and sweet, long and hard. Your playstyle denpens on how much you will get out of this game. I found it quite fun, challanging, frustrating and rewarding.Online play was lacking, but single player was emersive, enjoyable, and repetitive but not mindnumbingly so.8/10"
,Recommended,266210,19300643,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kawaii Cat -desu,"Its a great game. I used to play it casualy when I had a pretty bad pc (it was terrible).  It was a simple game where you either had to defeat the demon lord or find another ending somehow. My favorite part about it was the companion characters you could get. The characters have some pretty funny conversations and a pretty good backstory. So I would definatly reccomend this game, especially when its on sale."
76561198105010584,Recommended,266210,21022149,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PrinceVinc,"It is fun if you have nothing else to do, and even if for a short break it is really good."
,Recommended,266210,20952466,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Zero Cool,"This is a strangely addictive game.  It calls out in my sleep.  I suspect subliminal hypnosis compells you to play, regardless of how recently you have slept, eaten, or relieved yourself.Highest recommendation for turn based RPG enthusiasts.  Great pacing, high replayability, seemingly endless ideas to explore (different characters, equipment setups, difficulty levels, quests, specialized seeds).  I play using the PLUS dlc."
,Recommended,266210,21678522,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ark,"A fun and addictive 16bit nostalgia driven time killer. Wonderful adventure game, and very enjoyable to just jump in and play.11/10Haven't had this much fun walking in one direction in a while."
76561198082491182,Recommended,266210,15735309,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Black Jesus,10/10
76561198195463231,Recommended,266210,21929589,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Oredon,"The best roguelike I ever played. Story, style, and mecanics are beautiful."
,Recommended,266210,21755969,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Sidoshiro,"Incredible RPG game, somehow difficult but very entertaining.Classes give different ways to play and add a perfect game experience..."
76561198234998704,Recommended,266210,19895679,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mirorin,Just...one...more...run...
76561198134678168,Recommended,266210,25502229,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,DarkMagi,"This game now that I have given it a good long try is amazing. Once I start playing it, I get frustrated when I am immediately screwed by the random terrain. I am happy when I don't get destroyed by the Demon Lord whenever she appears. I throughly recommend this game, and I recommend the Plus version even more. It adds so much to the game from more helpful AI to a much needed auto turn function that turns your character towards enemies when they get close. All in all, buy this game. You will not regret it for the low price."
76561198073057218,Recommended,266210,25374333,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ramsay Bolton,"I enjoyed this game very much. Was very cheap, it's not 'easy'. It is however simple enough. I killed 4 hours first night no problem. Finally killed demon guy so i can go to bed. yay."
,Recommended,266210,30877271,Posted: 1 April,all,dark_fallacy,"As the saying goes, ""Keep it simple."", and this masterpiece of a video game, or should I say, modern art, is no exception to that piece of wisdom. With only a few buttons, people of all ages, young and old alike, can experience the vast and everchanging world that unfolds before their very eyes. Most critics may scoff at something as ingeniously simple, yet complex, as this amazing piece of work, but those are the same people that think that a homeless guy taking a dump in an art museum is ""art"", so you probably shouldn't listen to them, Buy this masterpiece and you will not be disappointed."
76561198105909755,Recommended,266210,25512028,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ace,"I thought the concept of this game was interesting enough, but playing it only surpassed my expectations.This is a very simple yet technical RPG, with a good number of classes to chose from. you're thrust into this world being swallowed by the darkness coming up from the left side, and only you can face the Demon lord who threatens the world.This game generates different worlds to explore everytime you start anew, so no two playthroughs play the same way. The controls are very easy to grasp with or without a controller, so you can play it right off the PC as soon as you finish installing it.I've spent hours playing this, and I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,266210,22750039,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Prometheus,best
,Recommended,266210,22724361,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Tilted Tony | Hellcase.com,An insanely amazing game! Get it!!!(A little tip unlock pirate as soon as u can he's insanely op)
76561198003428897,Recommended,266210,22732949,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Giers,Way better then it deserved to be.
76561198056280748,Recommended,266210,22708692,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,GOBLING GOBLIN FUCKER,Very lovely game 10/10
76561198117504937,Recommended,266210,22766279,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BigBepisMan,its preety gooooooodddddddd
76561198017729288,Recommended,266210,22652471,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Hypothetical Imperative,Great Game!
,Recommended,266210,22161483,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,¤јεŝuš¤,"Great and fun little game, every trip is something new"
,Recommended,266210,22225258,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,gaytoast,Well worth the 6.49 for plus. Fun little game with hours of gameplay.
76561198053734275,Recommended,266210,22258991,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mad Mat,great game
,Recommended,266210,22177208,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ablanket,Fun Game
,Recommended,266210,22168268,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Tonald Drump,nice game bad camera it killed me
76561198031131022,Recommended,266210,22201297,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,IRONCURT,"After puting 40+ hours into the game (disregard what it says here, its 40+ in the vanilla version and not the plus version even though I played both) I absolutley love the added content that has been included. . If you are thinking about getting the game just do it! This game is very addicting and can suck you in the one adventure after another not knowing what you can get yourself into. After you've played the game and you love it get the plus version, The three new classes are very different and all the added features and fixes amplify your expereince. The time that I have put into the game still is not enough for me to experience all things I wanted to see. Put it on your wishlist and get it as soon as its on sale!"
76561198053469511,Recommended,266210,21470711,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,zone,很好玩
76561198029234595,Recommended,266210,22064713,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Will -.-',"After 6 hours playing the game I could defeat the Demon Lord with 3 diferent classes without using the Vault, just luring him to the guards of the city to TANK him for me and hitting him with my bare fists... Hhahahah so funny."
76561198267727968,Recommended,266210,21995621,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,popeorangejulius,"The game plays very similarly to the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon series of games, except instead of the ""dungeon"" being comprised of a lot of hallways and rooms, it's an expansive, randomly generated world, with dungeons to explore and towns to stop at. The only stipulation is that you have to keep moving right or you'll be consumed by the ""darkness"" or something to that effect. It's an interesting combination of mechanics that force you to prioritize targets and plan your actions ahead of time. Often you won't be able to fully explore a dungeon or town because every action advances the screen a little bit farther. There's also a lot of managing of inventory space, you have to choose what items to keep and what to leave. The game is very rewarding, and all of the unlockable content (in addition to the randomly generated worlds) gives the game immense replay value. It's definitely worth the price they're asking for it. One of the most fun games I've played in awhile, especially for under five bucks."
76561198286297621,Not Recommended,266210,21976318,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Xercies,"meh. games decent, good graphics. kinda difficult to figure out what to do. but hey, ive barely played the game."
76561198018012835,Recommended,266210,21976552,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Jericoshost,"10/10 would dies 4 times to kill the demon lord in 2 hours.It is everything you should expect, with a little extra thrown in.Amazing time spender.So worth the few bucks, especially if it's on sale!"
,Recommended,266210,22116136,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,grillonbleu,A side-scrolling roguelike may sound like a limiting gimmick at first. Yet One Way Heroics makes it feel so natural that I suspect I'll find playing any other roguelike somewhat… inert. The mechanics are simple yet the challenges the game pose feels fair and deep. The controls are simple and intuitive. There is a ton of of side quests to accomplish. Recommended!
76561198060876173,Recommended,266210,22436515,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Hand of Sheog,"The 14 hours you see on my steam card are 14 hours I spent trying to get this game to work. It never opened fully. Steam would believe it to be running even after it crashed and exited out.The kind people who comment on comments have since lent a hand. If you experiance any crashes, try disabling your virus blocker and reinstalling it. I can't really provide anything other than that. The game is working now and has interesting gameplay mechanics that I look forward to having the option of exploring!"
76561198087534755,Recommended,266210,14986571,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,wiseyoungmat,Why you should buy:Novelty of having a side-scrolling turn-based JRPGCharming music and likewise charming artstyleRoguelike elements for (theoretically) infinite replayabilitySuggested ways to rack up (or dumb down) the challengeThings I dislike:Not really dislike but I just want more content (perhaps more biomes or variety in worlds)But it's so cheap anyway (got it at under $1 during sale)
,Recommended,266210,14874206,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ThePlainPlayer,"Not for everyone, i personally like it because of the rewarding feeling beating it but thats pretty much it.Also the 0.87 cent sale was a nice surprise."
76561198037893968,Recommended,266210,14876326,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Famwise Gamgee,Must... play... one more round. Great game for the price (Got it for $0.87 on steam sale.) and is very addictive. You can play it in short bursts or even long term.
,Recommended,266210,14870542,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ian,"I just got this game on sale for $0.87 a couple days ago.  First playthough, I got slayed by the darkness.  Second playthrough, I got slayed again.  Third playthrough, I beat the boss.  I like it; for $0.87 it is DEFINITELY worth it.  For $3.50... maybe not.  I can imagine it coming out on HumbleBundle for $1 or going on more sales.I like the game and want to support it, but it's pretty basic.  Get it when it's on sale.*Edit - after I wrote that review I played it for 5 more hours; so maybe it is worth the $4."
,Recommended,266210,14878461,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mattox33,Oddly compelling and deceptive in its simplicity.
,Recommended,266210,14825538,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Maru,"One Way Heroics is a minimalistic but very nice game. It has an really simple but yet very nice grahic style. Ialso really like the gameplay! Its a roungelike but it has a few very cool features. One of them is that its kind of an sidescrolling game. You CAN walk to the left, but the ""darkness"" will get and kill you then, so you have to move to the left at some point.The story is very basic. You play as the one true hero and must save the world by defeating the ultimate enemy. As i said: very basic.The soundtrack of this game is also great! Its really atmospheric.There is only one really big thing I dislike about this game.Its kinda hard, but you can get lucky and beat the game pretty fast if you get the right drops.Because of this I personally beat the game on my second attempt. I had no clue what I was doing but yet killed the ""last enemy"" very easily. I just got the right drops.But this is the only thing I dislike about this game. Sure there are a few other things. But generally its a very lovely indiegame. I wouzld recommend it to my friends! :D"
76561198181001959,Recommended,266210,14828466,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ntarry0805,"I bought this game for $.87 and I must say it was the best 87 cents I've ever spent. I was a little skeptical at first and wasn't sure if I would enjoy the game given its odd premise, but damn I'm glad I was wrong. It's SO fun and insanely addicting. Leveling up your character, finding new gear and unlocking new perks, etc. is very fun and rewarding.Plus, you can unlock a perk that let's a cute little kitty cat travel and level up with you XD. Awesome."
,Recommended,266210,14828972,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,GregZhel,Very addicting and fun. Really love RPGMaker-like graphics and sounds. Gameplay and story are solid and pretty easy to learn. I can see myself playing in this game for a reeally long time.
,Recommended,266210,14830039,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MiniTeddi,Meh its not bad i guess it reminds me of pokemon mystery dungeon i know its no pokemon in it just the game play reminds me of it o .o i like it though not trying to hate or shame though lol i give it a 7/10 its pretty good o .ob
76561198039153112,Recommended,266210,14851195,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Jim Fitt,"It's like an addictive, insanely fast paced hybrid of Super Mario, Final Fantasy, and Legend of Zelda. Totally worth the low cost."
,Recommended,266210,14851625,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mimming,weird
76561198085348192,Recommended,266210,17593307,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,bradstew4u,"Insanely fun. If you were a 90's baby and remember playing your GBC in the grocery store you need this game. Challenging pathways force you to make decisions that might not end up in your favor. Every step is precious and so is every attack as well. The game reminds me of Fire Emblem and other rpgs for the gameboy color. I bought it for less than a dollar and I could actually pay more for the game after playing. It's definitely something to do in-between games or if you're bored. Be careful, it is very addicting."
,Recommended,266210,17625437,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,koto `(・ω・)´,Unexpectedly great game. Super addicting and fun.Best of all? It's dirty cheap. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,266210,17625584,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Jutaris,"One Way Heroics is one of the freshest little roguelikes I've seen in a long time. The darkness keeps things moving ever forward, keeping you on your toes as you explore to find towns, items and equipment to progress ever further.Fast paced, engaging and ever ready for a quick go. Recommended."
,Recommended,266210,17593788,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,PyroEarth,A fantastic RPG that you will findd yourself playing again and again.
,Recommended,266210,17598603,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Gramatika,"This game is increadible. Its easy to learn, and has a TON of replay value in the upgrades, the vault mechanic (bringing items from a previous run into a future run), and in the class and perk system. I highly recomend this, especially since its so cheap."
,Recommended,266210,17608223,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Zurdocarie Murdocarie,"A fast paced Pokemon Mystery Dungeon, ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
,Recommended,266210,17609629,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,☭Comяade Яed☭,"It's a pretty fun, game I recommend it. The graphics are pretty simple and the replay value in the base game is a little low, but I can't really hold that against it for having such a low price. I do plan on eventually getting the DLC."
76561198169068979,Recommended,266210,17609756,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Wonstin,"gather around the campfire, let me tell you a storyi bought the game bc it was cheap and had good reviewsi basically forgot i had the game until midnighti told myself, ""just play the game and see how it is but dont get sucked into it.....""I ended up playing the game for 2 hoursso addicting and so fungreat music too!Just buy the game already10/10 would get worried about the dark again"
,Recommended,266210,17610632,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,*^SaoSin^*,Pretty fun game for its prize.I like menu theme.
,Recommended,266210,17611425,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Horton,"Best $4 you could ever spend, I would easily pay $30 just because of how simplistic fun it is, the music is amazing, the game play is basic but FUN."
76561198087152309,Recommended,266210,14717825,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Distraction,Amazing combination real-time/turn-based RPG rogue like. Not much to say other than 10/10 and get it if you're a fan of that genre.
,Recommended,266210,14718600,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,D4Dementia,"One way heroics is one of those games that makes failing fun. I really enjoy the random generated levels paired with the different classes you unlock. It is essential of course to carry over gear, and there is no final victory, you just keep rushing the game to rack up points and wins."
76561198023233771,Recommended,266210,14720589,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,emdash,"This game is a series of delightful surprises. It may appear meager in comparison to some of its more well-known brethren like FTL, Spelunky, Rogue Legacy, etc., but it's just as conceptually large as those games, and does alot within an ostensibly small space. It has a steep but brief learning curve as you adapt to the mechanics, but the game rewards you for utilizing your newfound knowledge, making learning its ins and outs gratifying.It's playful but serious, challenging but rewarding and criminally cheap. If you like roguelikes at all, play this game."
76561198179624654,Recommended,266210,14737998,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Transcendent Anon,Definitely worth the money if you like roguelike games
,Recommended,266210,14833955,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,☆ Daisuke きら～☆!,"This game is honestly probably worth more than it costs. It's something that you can pick up easily or get really involved into for hours. For such a simplistic game, it has a lot of depth to it. I definitely recommend you pick it up if you're looking for something easy to pick up but with immense challenge."
76561198024107851,Recommended,266210,14836180,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Rijst,I have no idea what I'm doing...10/10 would be confused again...
76561198002399731,Recommended,266210,14837868,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,YogiTehBear,"Great game, for 57p definitely worth it, addictive gameplay I got a good 10 hours out of it, a bit repetitive now, but still some things left to do so will be revisiting this!Would have been more than happy to pay the full £2.29 for this game."
,Recommended,266210,14457599,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,kintorah,"Really enjoyable turn-based roguelike with an interesting progression system. Multiple classes, lots of ways to change your character every time you start, lots of ways to ""win"", this is definitely a solid game."
76561198062197497,Recommended,266210,16028630,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,gaben circulation,"Fun starts when I get to transfer overpowered gears to my new life and power-leveling with it then kill the boss within 2 hits like I just cheat the game, just to repeat the process once again until feeling of satisfying fills my heart. Bought it for 30 baht. Worth every bath spent."
,Recommended,266210,16033499,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Wal-Mart Security,Really fun game to tinker around with for the RPG enthusiast.
,Recommended,266210,16018734,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Zeune,Would recomend to anybody that likes old style rouge likes or Jrpgs
,Recommended,266210,18594524,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,⎛⎝Cain⎠⎞Nigh†LoяD,awesome little game
,Recommended,266210,26751478,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),One of the best games I have ever played.At first I thought it was a time killing game.  But later on  I realized that it is actually more.+ It is fun!+ Extremely beatiful music.+ Decent story+ It hooks you in after a few hours+ Lots of classes (unlockable)- UI is a little bit difficult to get uset toOverall rating = 9.5/10
76561198031779972,Recommended,266210,26238690,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Rekt Limited,"I bought this a while back, mainly because of the price and it had good reviews. I didn't play it much until recently, but omg am I really enjoying it. I honestly cannot recommend this game enough, it's loaded with content and the replayability is just through the roof. I haven't explored the ""plus"" part yet I don't think, but I highly recommend buying One Way Heroics Plus if you are considering buying this game. It's a pixel scroller, an amazing one at that, so if you're a fan of pixel games, that's one more reason to buy this. I have 8 hours in right now, and I still feel like I've experienced a very low amount of content. It's just so vast it's amazing. For the price, you're really getting a bang for your buck."
,Recommended,266210,17625603,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,goodtimecharlie,"Started game. Tried controls, like normally would. Got consumed by darkness and killed, within first 15 seconds of the game. Then got encouraged by cute fairy and told it was ""part of the experience.""10/10 would get consumed by darkness again"
76561198027054188,Recommended,266210,26737494,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hatchet Hawk,Fun and difficult game. You really have to plan ahead and think what you're doing with your character. Worth a playthrough at it's price. Class system is fun too
76561198121164049,Recommended,266210,27170447,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FireswordV,I love the RPG/rogue-like mechanics!
76561198056169058,Recommended,266210,12808179,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hoxbot,"This is a really great game.It's Pokemon: Mystery Dungeon meets The Binding of Isaac. It's the turn- and grid-based game play combined with one-play-though item gathering and ease to pick up.The game is easy to get the hang of, yet requires some though to truly master, giving it a nice difficulty curve. The screen constantly moves towards the right, forcing you to stay mobile. It actually works really great and does strangely not stress the experience. It simply adds another layer of strategy to the game. Although sometimes the randomly generated world will go bananas on you and close you in with several layers of mountains, there almost always is a way out if you take your time to think.Personally I like the pixelated graphics, character design and simple art-style as well. Nothing to fancy, which I really like. The real emphasis is on the gameplay, which it should be. It a game after all.Also, the Soundtrack is really great. I did truly not expect something like what it is.Highly recommended if you like RPG-styled games and want a game that's easy to pick up."
,Recommended,266210,11647591,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Leroy,"I had my eye on this game for a while - thinking it would probably be charming enough for me to pass a few hours on - holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was i wrong. This is a true gem, and at the 70 cents i bought it at it sure is a steal.You play a nameless (well, you name them) ""hero"" - you are destined to save the world from the ever spreading darkness - swallowing up the world and creating monsters.You create a character from one of the starting classes - swordsman, knight etc - all with their own advantages and specialties, and can enhance them further at the start with perks.Then you pick a world from one of the daily specialties, randomly generate your own to type in some gibberish or word to generate one. (this way if you got a world you like you can get it back again).The game plays as a kinda turn based action RPG - there are a few different weapon types (which you can use any of, not limited by class - though some classes are better with certain gear) with their own uses - spears can hit two blocks away, axes  are generally less accurate but are strong as sh*t and break walls and boxes easily, swords being a middle ground. All weapons are limited by their durability and all can be upgraded with items you find (and repaired). When you die (or win, or suicide) the game ends and you get an evaluation score of your playthrough - the better you do the more points you get, which can then be spent on permanent upgrades (new classes, perks and increasing your bank size).The bank is where you can store your most prized items at the end of a playthrough - you can also withdraw from the bank at the start of a playthrough.There are numerous companions you can get to travel with you, some with hidden or unique ways to access.They can help in battle and protect you from hits - though if they die you lose them... so be careful. There are also a bunch of different endings and ways to finish the game, which i shouldnt really spoil - google them if you want to.Every few turns the left side of the screen will move to the right and basically force you onwards - so dont go dungeon hunting too long or you might get stuck against a wall as you are swallowed by the darkness.Gameplay Fun:  8/10Replayability:  9/10Graphics:  7/10     -     (this being i like the art style as opposed to it being cutting edge :P )Sound:  7/10Addictiveness:  8/10Get this game, it is easily worth the money - you *will* enjoy it.EDIT:Also the expansion kicks♥♥♥♥♥ I only paid like 50 cents for this when i got it, so i paid full price on that. Might seem a little wierd blowing 6 Dolla'hs on an expansion when you paid less than a pound on the base game, but its totally worth the money."
,Recommended,266210,27129249,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,『 Ledah 』,prepare your tissue each time you complete a new route
,Recommended,266210,27097673,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shizeni,"Years later, I've had more fun with a $3($1 if it goes on sale!) game with its ~$6 expansion than some $30+ games I've owned.Despite being a more traditional roguelike, OWH is a lot more accessible than ascii roguelikes. Featuring some simple but readable graphics, it's also not too difficult. With a lot of replayability through multiple endings, multiple difficulties, classes, and challenges, it's a simple game that'll provide a lot of hours of gameplay.The art is a bit anime but it's pretty toned down. I don't think anybody will really strongly hate it.For gameplay, it's a pretty well balanced game. Obviously as a roguelike theres a degree of inventory management and there aren't many instances where I felt like the game deprived me of a resource leading to me losing only because of RNG. All the classes are unique enough to give each a different playstyle, a pirate has different strategies than a swordmaster, a hero can take on enemies differently than a bard will.There's also a surprisingly deeper story to the demon lord and the darkness, it really never is the highlight of the game over saving the world, but there are some more hidden endings.I'd strongly recommend anybody who enjoys roguelikes or even wants to get started to try OWH. It provides a perfect mix of difficulty for people who want something to ease into playing roguelikes, and people who are masochistic enough to seriously enjoy the hardest difficulty. And with how low the price is, it's really not a tough choice to just pick it up.The expansion OWH+ is also recommended as it effectively triples content through new npcs to meet, more endings, new items, rebalancing, a new postgame mechanic(Which is more just more QoL stuff), and improving QoL/UI."
76561198061938080,Recommended,266210,27238285,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Middle Twin,Achieves a surprising amount of depth with very little complexity. A good roguelike for those new to the genre.
,Recommended,266210,27218493,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Masked Latino,"One Way Heroics is a great game. There is a lot of replay value, with each playthrough having a sence of uniqueness to it."
,Recommended,266210,29054896,Posted: 6 January,all,Kplate,A shinning of what can be done with a game maker. Great game to sit down and run a world when you have 15 minutes.
76561198054387451,Recommended,266210,28965024,Posted: 2 January,all,Kuolema,One Way to a hell filled with FUN. High replay ability and a nice soundtrack!
,Recommended,266210,28750006,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mrleelongi,"I'd seen some gameplay footage of One Way Heroics Mystery Chronicles and thought the gameplay looked fun and interesting enough to give the original a try. After 4 hours of playing the game, I can see myself becoming addicted to some short bursts of OWH. The sprite work is lovely. The music is nice (although perhaps a bit more variety might be good, or perhaps it's there and I've yet to hear all of the music). Of the music I've heard, I really like it. Seriously game devs as a joke you should put a Game Over for anyone who just sits at a Goddess Alter for 10 minutes, listening to the relaxing music.The gameplay is pretty simple. Move right so as to avoid getting swallowed by the darkness, which is advancing from the left. It seems simple enough but you can actually end up in situations where you get stuck having to go over mountains or through water which in turn could result in a game over as the darkness gets you where it wants you (or an enemy takes you out). As you move to the right you'll fight enemies, find items scattered about (I wonder who left all these goodies for us players to find), you'll find killer wolves that want you dead, you'll find towns that offer a moment of peace, oh and you'll find the Demon Lord who wants you dead. You're ultimate goal is to prepare for a fight with the Demon Lord who is master of the darkness consuming the world.The game also uses seeds to generate the worlds you play in. Have fun in a random world or let your mind take you into the gutter as you manually input those naughty words that I can't repeat here due them being censored. So what are you waiting for? Buy this game and come save the many many worlds in it."
,Recommended,266210,29037224,Posted: 5 January,all,Banquo,"Fantastic. Both the lore and gameplay appear very shallow at first. Travel forth, collect items, and defeat the evil demon lord at a brisk pace. The gameplay opens up to quite a few different intracies and styles of play, and the story not being as simple as it appears and is commonly complained about is a fantastic perk. You can complete the game straightforwardly and successfully and miss the entire point of the lore, with hints being dropped to the contrary in a way that reminds of me Dark Souls. Soundtrack is great as well, overall an awesome experience and the DLC is very much worth buying for the great price."
,Recommended,266210,28997796,Posted: 3 January,all,kenricht,"I bought this game just to check it out since my friend recommended it but to be honest I was turned off by the presentation and left it in my library for a long time . Oh god I was wrong , this became one of my favorite and oppened the door to indie small game for me witch I was neglecting until I played this .So powerful an impression that in some way it changed completely my gaming habitsHmm when I die and respawn in next the dimension I will buy this game first , wish I had a dimensional vault"
,Recommended,266210,29137974,Posted: 9 January,all,sekfarok,"Well if you delay your exploration, that means death is just around the corner. The gameplay is not that complex yet it is fun to repeat. Not like clicker game but i do enjoy it now after 2 years of buying the game :)"
76561198029923062,Recommended,266210,22744286,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Alipheese Lothric,"Haven't played a lot, but this game's amazing.I bought it because of the price, worth it 10/10.You can unlock classes, there's random kingdom, and even multiplayer."
76561198116312217,Recommended,266210,31816145,Posted: 17 May,all,My base is gone,7/10
76561198392748314,Recommended,266210,32044359,Posted: 29 May,all,theYETI,"This game has a very interesting concept. It reminds me of a side scrolling platformer where it pushes you along (think Super Mario Bros. 3 cloud levels) combined with Dragon Warrior.The levels are procedurally generated, which adds tremendously to the replay value. I absolutely love the analytics at the end of each level such as the overall grade, distance, etc. A statistics freak as myself can’t help but love these and strive for straight A’s.There’s a reason that this game has an overwhelmingly positive review rate. It’s really great and you just want to try one more time to get a little bit further. Great concept, execution, and game!"
,Recommended,266210,29769979,Posted: 7 February,all,logandobson,"there is nothing not to love about this game, from learning what things do to how to do them it never feels bland, trying over and over to get that one drop doesnt feel empty like your farming forevereach new fun is fresh and fun, each type of character is different and you never stop unlocking things, with good gameplay, good progression , and constant fun this game is a 10/10"
76561198171119946,Recommended,266210,17449693,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,El1jahSn0w,"This is probably my favorite rogue-like so far. Really enjoy how easy it is to pick up and do a play through, yet there is enough content that I keep coming back, trying to beat the game different ways with different characters. Looking forward to the Steam release of OWH+"
76561198023510897,Recommended,266210,31029963,Posted: 8 April,all,angry waffle,a very addicting and well made game with very original game mechanics
76561198069476625,Recommended,266210,31030279,Posted: 8 April,all,SeatedGamer,love it but im a liltle lazy start playing game
,Recommended,266210,29736418,Posted: 5 February,all,[1n0] FinnSanity,"8/10: The encroaching Darkness is the perfect justification for creating this combination of side-scrolling runner and fantasy role playing game. Fight monsters, defeat the Demon Lord, and seek out a way to avert the destruction of the entire dimension!The dimensions are randomly generated, but the pieces get pretty familiar after a few playthroughs. Even so, there are things that only show up during later playthroughs, and while the story is simple, unraveling the connections between characters and the reason there's a terrible Darkness swallowing up the land behind you is still pretty satisfying.There's several characters you can only ally with using Buddy Tablets, and there's a good variety of classes to try out from Hero to Pirate, though the Adventurer's ability to easily traverse mountains and water and identify items is really helpful when the terrain gets especially bad. The Dimensional Vault lets you transfer your favorite items so you can retrieve a few at the start of future playthroughs, which is a good way to maintain a sense of advancement when you have to regain levels every time.Overall, a fun take on the randomized dungeon RPG."
,Recommended,266210,26871066,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Totally not Kelkel.,"This game... It is amazing.On the surface, it might seem like an interesting turn-based rougelike indie game, that has the twist that the darkness is following you (therefore not being able to explore everything) with the goal of defeating the demon king, but if you play it long enough, you'll find that the world is not exacly what it seems to be.There are interesting companions, that share their story with you, if you travel with eachother long enough.There are multiple endings, whereas some of them gives you more insight on the world.And then there is flipping PETA in berets that WILL murder you if you as much as touch an animal.The soundtrack is amazing.The comedy is amazing.I am amazin (lol)Also, the base game is really cheap, so it doesn't hurt to try it."
76561198043082908,Recommended,266210,30142798,Posted: 24 February,all,[GR8] Arno,Definitly recommend people to try this game if you like rogue-like RPGs.
,Recommended,266210,9912038,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Gluten Free Pretzels,"This is a fun game to play, and well worth the almost 4 dollars I payed for."
,Recommended,266210,18632955,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Chew,"Very easy to use, no mouse required! Didn't even read anything and just knew how to play, easy controls, easy gameplay, awesome!"
,Recommended,266210,31408226,Posted: 27 April,all,Antagonist,"The game costs $3.50 cents and there is enough replayability for several hundred hours. You do the math.Think about it like this, a movie ticket costs roughly 8-10 dollars, we'll say 8. Movies range anywhere from 1.5 hrs to 3.5 hrs. So 8 dollars gets you (for the sake of argument I'll use the higher number) 3.5hrs of entertainment. This game is less than a large coffee at Starbucks, only with this you will get at least 20 hrs of fun out of it.What makes this game so good is the way it is set up. You are constantly walking to the right to avoid a black cloud of smoke that kills on contact. The story is randomly generated each time, as are the zones. Also, this is a roguelike, so once you die, you die forever, however there are things you can save such as new classes, etc.The music is excellent, and the entertainment value is incredibly high. If you've ever played Tome of Maj'Eyal, and enjoyed it, this is basically the same game, only better in absolutely every way.Highly reccommend. Worst case scenario, if you don't like it, you can always return it as long as there are less than 2 hrs played and it's been less than 2 weeks. With that said, even if you only played for 2 hours, you'd still be getting a lot more than your moneys worth."
76561198135571496,Recommended,266210,31695400,Posted: 11 May,all,「 Nayteun 」,The salt is real........but its still fun
76561198128810284,Recommended,266210,31808635,Posted: 17 May,all,timothy,I really love this game!
76561198044874811,Recommended,266210,27126420,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FRED25demo,"Good roguelike game, with cheap price and good replayability.However the game can become repetitive when you know all the mechanics ...But the experience is recommended especially for the game ambiances."
,Recommended,266210,32055028,Posted: 29 May,all,SkyLordGuy,One way heroics is worth your time.
76561198046237858,Recommended,266210,32476411,Posted: 16 June,all,Varegi,This game.Good game.Oldskool.But the resolution options are ♥♥♥♥ed so I haven't played in a while.
,Recommended,266210,23829409,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fuckboi,"This game is a time passer if you always wanted to...-Punch through a wall with your bare hands-Run around naked but with a powerful god-Wield 2 axe at once-Have your dog alongside with you-Spend tons of hours in this game (nevermind my overall timer, I'm busy at the time)Then this game is for you"
,Recommended,266210,32395391,Posted: 13 June,all,♥ Cake ♥,Great concept and really easy to find yourself wanting to cram in a game or two whenever you can! :)
,Recommended,266210,10872511,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bruh,This game is a fun one. i won over demon lord on my 7th try tough...
,Recommended,266210,15622747,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,now thats a supply drop,"Let's start off with this statement: This is the best Rogue-like game I ever played.Overall the game is very charming and interesting to play, it has many brilliant features and mechanics ive never seen in other games. Lets go over pros and cons.Pros:-Interesting Features such as Darkness, Save Attedants, Bouty Level, Jade Forest Group and many more.-AMAZING Soundtrack. Seriously. This is one of the best if not the best soundtrack ive ever heard.-Replayability. Procedurally generated worlds. You can also play on some worlds you generated previously.-Many Classes and Perks.-Overall charm of the game.-Many weapons, armors, items.-Best Rogue-like experiece (At least for me).Cons:-One Way Heroics plus. One Way Heroics plus is a DLC, and it's absolutely amazing. Point is, it costs more that the game itself, so I doubt many people would buy it, but it changes the game incredibly. It is definetly worth buying.-You can't change the resolution of the game, you can only upscale it. Not much of con, you get used to it pretty quick.Overall rating 9.5/10"
,Recommended,266210,34314579,Posted: 17 August,all,ＳＣＨＯＯＬＧＩＲＬ,It's like Final Fantasy Tactics meets those scrolling levels from Yoshi's Island where you die if you fall too far back.
,Recommended,266210,34652192,Posted: 31 August,all,Pecan Sandy,"Now wishing I didn't let this one sit in my library for so long. Fun game with a good amount to explore and plenty of options that allow to you to challenge yourself at the difficulty you desire. Other recommendations sum it up quite nicely, but I feel like a lot of the downvoters completely missed the point. One Way Heroics is priced really cheap, so pick up the base game if you're interested then grab the DLC when you get hooked."
76561198053113319,Recommended,266210,35139478,Posted: 22 September,all,Lord Anubyss,This game is just simply great.
,Recommended,266210,35049487,Posted: 18 September,all,Mik3z,Yes.
76561198119454027,Recommended,266210,35460609,Posted: 3 October,all,Jango519,How to beat One Way HeroicsStep 1. Get good enough so that you don't die within the first 100 metersStep 2. Get a training BraceletStep 3. Profit
,Recommended,266210,35511705,Posted: 5 October,all,Harrison Ford's Index Finger,Wonderful turn based strategy.
,Recommended,266210,35275428,Posted: 28 September,all,MightOfaMillionMen,i liked it. bought it on sale. 3 hours of gameplay if you like retro games.
