user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198002404593,Recommended,266230,9462555,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,WeeknightWizard,"As seen in the forum, my impressions after a few hours:Its quite free-roaming, and wandering around and getting into trouble in a couple places has been nice.The skill system works quite nicely. Battles give you Skill Points that you can use to purchase skills for each class. Some are active and some are passive. Actives become abilities/spells that cost mana. You also need to meet level and skill prerequisites to get the more advanced skills. There also seems to be quite a lot of them.The stat system has really grabbed my attention. It really seems to open a lot of potential for playing parties in different ways. You can focus on damage, magic, defense, health, mana pool etc. I've so far focused on getting my party faster than all the monsters so they go first in combat (with reasonable success) while making them all beefy. Its a simple yet elegant little system.Classes are varied and fun, with unique properties that make them viable/worth consideration. Hunters can tame you Chocobos (moas) that you can ride around, Thieves let you steal from towns without worrying about guards, engineers let you take shortcuts etc.The puzzles scattered around the world are also nice. They're just complicated enough to make you try more than once, but I have yet to get frustrated by one or take what I would consider too much time. They are also so far all different, which is nice because it doesn't feel like a harder version of the same puzzle every time.The game also lets you customize difficulty with what must be at least 7 difficulty settings, as well as choosing when/how you allow yoruself to save. The New Game + modes include options to achievement hunt with a powered up party or just keep your gear and start a new party, or wipe all achievements to start again.Graphics are the standard RPG Maker sprites and tiles. While this is not the most amazing game to look at, visuals are really not the point of this game and the gameplay is great. If you're a bit of a ""graphics ♥♥♥♥♥"" you might not want to pick this one up.Overall, very fun game so far, and it does indeed remind me of the older final fantasy games in terms of gameplay."
76561198022907259,Recommended,266230,11516687,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Hudson,"This game is more amazing than you can possibly imagine while looking at the $4 price tag and the Final Fantasy 1 graphics.  The game description lists its selling points well enough, but what really hooked me was being able to play on the highest difficulty and chase after very difficult or impossible achievements while never having played the game before.  I loved starting off the game and getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me in the newbie dungeon against 3 slimes, then trying to figure out exactly which kind of improvement on the 10 stats on which characters might help me to take on these challenges with more success.  There is a great deal of randomization involved here and always a chance that your healer will get two-shotted in the next round.  Will this break you, or will your tank be able to last through the fight?  Can you reach the dungeon exit with your three dead and one guy with 10% hp left or will you be seeing the Game Over screen?  Anything might happen in this game, and that is why I love it."
76561198122088083,Recommended,266230,11704667,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,colinthealtimate,"A great example of a JRPG. If you enjoy the genre, i would highly suggest this game.It has a good system for classes, with a lot of diversity that can match anyone's gaming style. The combat system is very well made, especially for an RPG. The storyline is interesting and keeps you involved in the game, even with its sandbox like envrionment. I would buy this game, especially if it was on sale. It's worth the price it's at."
,Recommended,266230,9467073,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,The Merovingian,"Look below for my breakdown after a brief spiel about the game.To start this review I'd like to say this is a very well made game. A lot of thought was put into everything from skills/spells to leveling and character progression. From the start you get to choose your party a la Final Fantasy 1 style. You get to choose from Gray Mage (sorta like a red mage) White Mage, Black Mage, Engineer (sorta like a chemis from FF tactics), Thief, Knight, Monk and Hunter. Each one has their own sorta unique set of skills and abilities. Out of the classes there are three with unique abilities that you should consider bringing at least one of them along IE: Thief for steal, Engineer for Tunneling, and Hunter for Taming. I brought two of those along in hopes of accessing their specials to get better loot. Hopefully it doesn't come back to bite me.So far nothing has felt bogged down or slow. I went out of the starter town with nothing and came back after a few minutes of grinding very pleased. So far I have no issues getting items and experience to make my characters stronger. This is wonderful as it gives you a sense that you've accomplished something either by making your party stats better or adding abilities. The rate at which you gain AP (ability points and SP (skill points) is consistent and rewarding. As for grinding... Well...At the start of the game you get to choose your gameplay options like encounter rates and saving options which I find to be exceptionally refreshing. Some people favor story progression so rare encounter chance is perfect, standard encounter rate I think is a tad too lenient so far. I should have probably picked the GRIND option so I could get more encounters. I do likes my levelin' up. Also incorporated is a new game + mode. You can do two things when you beat the game, start a new one with all your achievements and no gear, OR, start a new game with no achievements and all your junk.Part choice I chose was Knight, White Mage, Engineer and Thief. Thinking that late game I'd have more use out of being defensive. Not sure how that'll pan out. So far it's fun and I highly look forward to playing this through. Several times in fact.I have found one issue though and that's a very minor one honestly. When you start you don't really know what class does what. If there's  a way to look at that prior to choosing IN GAME at the start I hadn't found it. Either way if you have internet and 1/4 of a brain cell you just google it like I did.Overall 9/10 * I think the game is fun and will provide me with many hours of enjoyment. Really brings me back to my eariler RPG days.Character/Party leveling 10/10 * Feels super rewarding and isn't too hard or too difficult to level your character the way YOU want.Story 8/10 * Dude it's RPH made by a RPG maker program. It's good enough.Items 10/10 * Dev clearly put a great amount of time into the weapons and armor and synthesis part of the game. Gives you something to look forGame Length/Replayability 10/10  * Not sure, some people say it's taken 40ish hours. I could easily see myself taking longer because I like to grind games out so I reckon it'll probably take me somewhere between 50-60 hours before I actually commit to beating it. And I am a completionist at heart  =)"
76561197992332891,Recommended,266230,9484016,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Blairhexor,This game is awesome :DIgnore the fact that its made with the RPG Maker. It has a interesting story and you can customize your partyin endless ways.The character system is deep as hell...You really have to think before you spent your skillpoints!The additional quests and dungeons made this game a must have for me. Because I can decide which way I go and explore whenever I want or just follow the mainquest.Sometimes it feels good and u get rewarded with joy when u support small devs. Because this game is definitley no quick money grab.8/10PS: Did I mention it has Steam trading cards + over 200 Steam achievments?
,Recommended,266230,9910362,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Elfee,"Last Dream is a game for people who love classic Singleplayer-RPGs in the old style.First of all you have to choose your main party (4 out of 8 Characters). You will always walk with your main character through the game but your party members will help you in the battles.Story:Your character (you can name him like you want) is lost in a strange world. He doesn’t know how he got there and starts to search a way back home. On his journey he discovered lots of evil monsters and you have to decide if you fight or try to escape (It’s a little bit like in Pokémon for all who know the GameBoy Pokémon games lol). But the main character will also meet lots of friendly town dweller from Terra who give him gifts or sell him stuff. The town dweller are scared about the ancient creatures of Terra because they get more and more power and hurt or kill people. So you have to defeat this corrupted power to save Terra and ultimately yourself.Gameplay:Like I said it’s a classic RPG so you have your inventory with health items, equipment, collections and your map. You have also the possibility to Skill whatever you want and to go into the Level Up Menu. Besides you can set Battle Macros which I really recommend because this turn-based battle system becomes (at least for me) really fast boring. Way more interesting in my eyes are the challenging puzzles in the game and the side quests. I guess many of you will also love the cutscenes with the cute anime looking characters. Also Achievement Hunters have something to do in this game because there are 236 achievements which are not that easy to unlock! So are you ready for the challenge?"
76561198027104348,Recommended,266230,11731821,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,hawkin.a,"If ever you loved old JRPGs, this game will make your year. Last Dream is a tribute to classic gaming with an original story, written with humour any FF or Chrono vet will enjoy. You can follow the plot... I guess... or you can sink hours into exploring every corner, hunting for the Guild, crafting, running errands, fishing, or being savagely beaten in roguelike dungeon crawls. There's a Cid. There's a Cecil. There's an airship. And amazingly enough, after all that, there's still a story.I don't know what you had planned for the next few months, but I suggest rescheduling. This game will be worth every minute, and every penny."
,Not Recommended,266230,11003821,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ceaseless Duality,"SPOILER-FREE REVIEWDisclaimer: If you're not picky about story or you value gameplay over story, then this review isn't really relevant to you.I played a decent amount of this game, but as a gamer who likes story-driven games, it just wasn't doing it for me. Gameplay is fun, the puzzles are challenging (but not ridiculously difficult), and for a RPG Maker game, a lot of work and detail was put into it. So, there are definitely good points about this game.The story was just mediocre. It wasn't bad. There were interesting things about it, but it got to the point where I just lost interest. I'm 47 hours in and I realized that I just don't really care about what's happening in the story. That's not a good sign. I was hoping it would get better as I progressed through it, but the story just wasn't enough to keep me going. It probably didn't help that there's ZERO women in game, unless you count a chosen party member, but they don't really have personality or a place in the story.I'd prefer to just keep this review as ""neutral"" instead of negative or positive, because I wouldn't say I have negative feelings for the game. I'd just say I was disappointed with the story."
76561198026975891,Recommended,266230,14989827,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,barren.tf,"Holy crap, I did not expect such an amazing game! I haven't had this much fun with an rpg since I was a kid. I've never played an rpg maker game before and had reservations about trying a game that looked very cheap and generic to be honest but I'm really glad I did. What the game lacks in original art it more than makes up for in game play and sheer scope. It does what old snes rpgs did so well then improves on them in subtle ways like letting players choose what skills to pick and the option to distribute character stats. This features are so well implemented that it makes you wonder how come it's so rare to see them in jrpg games.The story is a little weak, you play a silent protagonist and your party members are completely anonymous henchman that get mentioned I think once in the entire game. There's a sort of trade off; instead of a tight narrative that restricts where and what your character can do like a more tradtional final fantasy story does, by not focusing on your character at first it allows for a very open world and gives the player a tremondous amount of freedom for exploration, especially once they get off the first continent. But the story does tighten up, you do get pulled into it more and more the further you get and I was pleasantly surprised by how good the ending was and by how varied it is depending on how you played through the game.I don't like puzzles much, but they're all %100 optional which is a really nice and I found myself going out of my way to finish them all because they were so much fun. I've done almost every puzzle in the game (over 50!) and only a handful had me quit out of frustration or had me running to the strategy guide.There's an amazing developer made guide for free, a giant 700 page pdf, and for a game this massive and complex it's a very welcome addition especially if you're new to this genre because this game pulls no punches when it comes to dificulty. Hard mode is extremely dificult, I consider myself a veteran of snes rpgs and this game had no qualms about kicking my♥♥♥♥♥and forcing me to reconsider my gear and what skills I should use for each character.I can't recommend this game enough, can't wait for a sequel."
,Recommended,266230,9538446,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Varlun,"Alright. I'll get straight to the point.Recommended: YesBecause overall this game was very very enjoyable for what it is.But you're not interested in factless statements.I've already gotten my money's worth. Game cost me $5 and at the time of this review I've played it 7.7 hours. It costs like $6 to go to see a movie at the theater for like 2 or 2 and a half hours. So yeah.Here's what I like and don't like about it so far. Really just a couple major things.I'll start with what I like of course.+ I like the leveling up system. Rather than you getting preassigned increases to various stats when your guys level up, you just get the points to spend however you want. This makes me feel like I'm really in control of my party's strengths and weaknesses. That I can do something about it if they're lacking in this area or that. Is my White Mage not able to keep up with the damage being thrown at the party? Next level up I can dump ALL the points into INT if I want to. Is my White Mage keeping up just fine and I want to go for sustainability, with a higher mana pool, so I don't have to return to town as often? I can dump all the points into MP if I want.+ I like the skill system. Again rather than the game automatically giving you skills at certain levels, when you kill monsters, you get SP. You can spend this SP to unlock various passive or active abilities. So you directly control exactly what everyone has, and I love it.+ I like the various classes to be picked. Again, rather than most RPGs where you have preassigned characters with preassigned classes, you're able to pick the 4 characters you want, and what classes they are. It's completely in your hands. There are 8 classes to choose from, so it's up to you to decide what you think the best party composition is. There's a lot of debate over that. (And I've actually made a Guide for this game over it- check it out!) I personally went with 3 Knights and 1 White Mage. Though I feel I'll probably get boned in the future for not having a Black Mage. Maybe I'll be able to get elemental weapons for my knights and it won't matter. Who knows. It's up to you!+ I like the overall story. The plot is interesting and makes me want to press on to figure it out. Nothing really else to say about that.There are other things I could talk about that I like about this game, but those are the major ones. The ones I really care about.Now for the negatives. There aren't many.- The dialogue outside of cutscenes is lackluster. Like, one box of text lackluster. Towards the beginning of the game (no spoilers) you have to go to a tower to get a thing. When you get in the tower you meet a guy and he simply says something like ""You're here for the thing aren't you? We'll you'll have to fight this to prove you're worthy!"" and that's freaking it. What? It's obvious that the developers skipped on this in favor of other things which is fine. It's just sometimes so obviously short that it smacks you in the face. It's like really. You just know that the developers threw something in there so they could move on. And this happens EVERYWHERE.But to cut it some slack, I feel that it doesn't really take away from the overall experience of the game too much.That being said I've always been more of a mechanics-focused guy than a story-focused guy, so keep that in mind.Honestly that's the only negative I could think of, really.Well that's it! Please do give me a thumbs up if this review helped you. :)"
76561198063617030,Recommended,266230,11763420,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,TheAmazingSOB,"If your attention span is short, just read the first line: I have never had so much genuine fun fighting through random battles in my life. While this may not be the best overall  jRPG experience, it is the best jRPG gameplay experience I've ever had. I have been playing jRPGs for about 20 years, so that's saying quite a bit.If you like the original Final Fantasy, you will fall in love. You simply select four out of eight possible characters to form a party (their descriptions are accurate, and you can take more than one of the same character). As you level up, you allocate points to different attributes, so the characters grow according to your needs. I adored the customization.There are countless references to the Final Fantasy series, Lufia, and a few other titles as well. I'm almost done with my second playthrough, and I can say from experience that the way I handled combat and resource management completely changed with my party. It drags a little bit in the third quarter, but everything else is solid.Other than that, I suppose my only nitpicking complaints are that your main character's backstory is a little cliche, and if your main is a female, she'll be referred to as 'he' and 'him', as I've discovered on my second playthrough. These oversights shouldn't be what you take away from this review, though."
76561198393191767,Recommended,266230,32164886,Posted: 3 June,all,chronolocus,"(Saw this on IndieDB. Bought both the non-Steam and then the Steam version of Last Dream - primarily for the Steam Achievements and to access the DLC OST Album).Last Dream is a classic RPG that is better than all other classic RPGs. The endless content is exactly what I want: a huge world to explore and attempt to conquer, with interesting characters, unique and mystical towns, epic bosses, a vast storyline, hidden content, and achievements.I've paid pennies on the hour. 10 out of 10."
76561197966106543,Recommended,266230,19561319,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Seegtease,"I was apprehensive at first about buying an RPG maker game, but I'm glad I picked up this one. If you like traditional, old-school JRPGs, this is for you. If you like difficult games that can only be overcome by careful planning, this is for you. Actually, if you even want an easy game, this is also for you, because it has SIX difficulty settings. Hard is recommended, though, because these kind of games are meant to be hard.The story is revealed as you go first through your own characters travels, then through periodic flashbacks. It can seem confusing at first, but it's very satisfying once you can piece it all together.The writing... is incredible. It greatly surpasses any expectation you might ever had from an RPG maker game. If you are concerned that such a game might be full of errors, engrish, poor grammar, lazy use of language, and juvenile speech, let me assure you that this game does not have pretty much any of that. I talk to almost all NPCs in games, and the writing is better than most works by major studios. You will by no means be disappointed on this front. Unless you like games of few words. Then you will be disappointed, because there is a LOT of reading in this game. This is a pro for me, though.The soundtrack is very versatile. There's a song for every occasion. I don't even know how many different battle themes there are, but you will not get burnt out on the same song over and over. Even areas of the world map have different music as you travel. You won't get bored with the music, and it's generally pretty well done for the occasions.You will get your time's worth out of this game. Make liberal use of their extremely thorough strategy guide. It will be your best friend. But I suggest trying to solve the puzzles yourself first. Oh yeah. There are many Lufia-esque puzzles, and they're a lot of fun. But if anything ever becomes too frustrating, they have provided the information you need in their handy guide.Give it a go, classic JRPG fans, you will not be disappointed."
76561197979937889,Recommended,266230,32043711,Posted: 29 May,all,Veri_the_Great,"One of the best RPGs to be developed for the Genre.  Lots of everything we want, quests, lore, skill system, 8 unique classes, a hedge maze... its a wonderful game.  I have not finished my first playthrough after 53 hours, still finishing alot of side quests.  The best part is that another hugh game is in development!!  i can't wat to see what else comes from these guys.  Buy it full price, worth every penny."
,Recommended,266230,10365002,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Lysander,"I recommend this game only to those who like JRPGs, especially fans of the early Final Fantasy games.  In particular, this game mirrors the original Final Fantasy (and improves upon almost every aspect).  I imagine that the developers' goal was to ""remake"" FF1, or at the very least they loved it greatly and wanted to pay homage to it.  Last Dream is a worthy successor.Beautiful music, good art. Decent battle system, very interesting leveling system that offers a lot of customization, though certain classes inherently must build a particular way.  Unlike FF1, LD is much less linear with many choices and sidequests throughout the game.  The story is okay, the writing is decent.My major complaint is poor development of map exploration constraints.  FF1 did a great job of guiding the player to appropriate locations so that it was difficult to be overwhelmed by opponents.  LD opens up too many exploration options at once. Often I would enter an area and not realize I wasn't strong enough until the first battle wiped my party.  In some instances, the stronger enemies would be merely one screen away from the main progress route.  If you play this, I highly recommend using the ""Save Anywhere"" option to avoid frustrations."
76561197996545574,Recommended,266230,9784126,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Count Zero Interrupt,"This game is a fantastic throwback to classic rpg's.  Everything from the depth of the game, to the importance of character development, but as with many classic rpg's this game lacks interesting combat.  After a short while combat becomes more of a chore than a gratifying experience.  The character interactions, inventory sytem, character leveling, and ingenious dungeon layouts more than make up for this, however.  This game really shines in the arena of the completionist.  There is just so much to do in the game that even after 12 hours of gameplay, I still hadn't left the first continent.  The art is, for the most part, acceptable. The level design for towns is it's strongest aspect.  In combat backgrounds and character models tend to repeat themselves ad nauseum.  Having choices as to how to play the game (six difficulty settings, encounter frequency, and an option to omit cutscense) really alleviates some of the monotony of combat and adds to the replayablity of the game.  The game also boasts two different ""New Game"" options after beating it the first time.  Overall, I would give this game an 8/10."
76561198071950611,Recommended,266230,10143668,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Valis,"Do not let the fact that this was made in RPGMaker turn you off, this game is fantastic. The story is decent, the gear is varied and interesting, and you get dozens of hours of side quests and puzzles along with the fairly long main plot.You get 8 classes to choose from to make a team of 4, and every combination will change the way the game is played. There are also endless secrets and new things to notice as you progress through the game. In addition, there are 5 levels of difficulty and 3 levels of monster encounter rates!  With all of this, you could play this game over and over and have a different experience each time.The most wonderful thing about this game is the obvious adoration the creators have for this genre. Everything about Last Dream is a love letter to the old-school JRPGs of the 90's. If you loved playing Final fantasy III-VI, Chrono Trigger or Lufia, you will definitely love this game."
,Recommended,266230,9491330,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,deadlinux,"This is an example of what a lot of work and detail can do with RPG Maker. I've just started playing, but it's already leaps and bounds ahead of some of the games I've seen! It doesn't bore you with a lot of story right away, but let's you PLAY the GAME! You get into the classic RPG elements immediately -- making a party, getting loot, selling stuff, exploring things, and talking to NPC's.... plus options to skip cutscenes, adjust difficulty, save wherever (only if you want!). If you're looking for an RPG Maker game that brings you back to the core elements -- and let's you actually play with them -- this is it."
76561198243029376,Recommended,266230,31190940,Posted: 16 April,all,adrianld13,"All i got to say is that if you like old school RPGs, then you'll enjoy this game like no other."
76561198064882488,Recommended,266230,9483988,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,TheRogueBeard,"Many people have been complaining about this game ""Its an rpg maker game it should be free!""many other complaints, if you dont want to play it or to play another rpg maker game, then do it. I have had alot of fun with this game and it was worth every penny. it's very fun and i enjoy the story and i am proud that my money could support them! and i am also looking forward to any future releases of this game :) 11/10 would buy again!"
,Recommended,266230,9505092,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,InTheGhett0,"This game rules. A new aged Final Fantasy that has been re-tooled with a dedicated respect to the originals we all know and love, and a myriad of new options to offer increased customizability, replayability and a wealth of ways to customize precisely to your style of play.On top of all this, the music rules. Not only do you have the soothing 16-bit organ type midi rhythms that were the staple of the old style, but it is healthily interspersed by some very impressive new ages riffs, from a slick and fast-paced metal beat to a new age metal opera that pops up from time to time during combats.Though some people found this troubling, namely in the extensive video review of the game available on the store page, I would have to chalk that criticism up to crappy taste in music.A great buy at $5, a steal at $2.5, and definitely worth $10 full price. I eagerly await the second in the trilogy, as White Giant RPG studios clearly gets how to take the style of game I grew up playing and make it awesome.Rave Reviews for this title. A great game at solid value."
,Recommended,266230,11227209,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Ace Samurai,"I like what the makers of Last Drea have done. They have made the game an adventure, RPG while making it almost exactly like the Final Fantasy games, and I am pretty sure that they even used some of the Final Fantasy music. It has a great story line and whenever you get a vision it really brings the story to life. If I could rate this game I would give it 9.5/10. That just shows how much I am into this game. And for those who love a challenge it has an option which you can make it that u can only save in a town and the battles are sure hard sometimes. I hope you get the same enjoyment I got through this game. :D :P"
,Recommended,266230,9709535,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Reinveil von Megabee,"Don't let the stock RM assets fool you, this is a surprisingly ambitious JRPG-style title that allows an impressive amount of character customization in a well-realized world.  If you remember the NES Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest installments fondly, you'll find plenty to like here.  Worth noting too is the extensive soundtrack covering a range of styles, from traditional orchestral fare to prog metal!A steal at the asking price."
76561198011891156,Recommended,266230,24607953,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jargonaut,"Last Dream is one of the best RPG Maker Games that I have ever played.The very fact that I spend 190+ hours on it and completed the game at least 10 times, should speak volume.The interesting thing about this game is the steam achievements. There are 236 steam achievements, which make it necessary to play the games many times to get all the achievements. There are achievements for playing each of the 8 character classes in the game. There are achievements to play the game at all 5 level of difficulties. Furthermore, there are achievements to kill every monster and every boss in the game. To do that you will need to play the game more than once, because different bosses appear towards the end game, based on earlier game decisions that you made at the beginning of the game. Hence to kill all the bosses, you need to finished the game, and then start a Newgame+ game and make DIFFERENT game decisions.There are also achievements for exploring every location, opening every treasure chest, solving every puzzle, finding every treasure, using sonar at every available location, etc. These achievements make it necessary for you to play the game very slowly so that you do not miss anything.  Conversely there are aslo achievements that require you to play he game fast, like finishing the game in less than 10 hours, finishing the game in less than a certain number of steps, or killing certain monsters before your party reach certain levels. Then, there those really tedious achievements, like achievements for NOT staying at any inn throught the game, or achievements for saving the game less than 5 times!! I had to really crack my head on these achievements.Actually one of the most fun achievements in this game is the Ultimate Achievements. The user have to play the game on Legendary Difficulty, with the number of monster spawns set to Maximum (Grinding Level) and with savings disabled inside all dungeon. This is particularly difficult, especially during the final dungeon, called the Well of Soul, where all the monster, bosses and super boss is really out to kill you. And... without saving... the developer must be quite a sadist. However, I had a lot of fun with that achievement too, and really wished that there were more games like ""Last Dream"" that makes it interesting enough for me to play the same game more than 10 times!!I definitely get much more than my money's worth, playing the Last Dream and will definitely love to recommend the game to any RPG Maker fans out there. I love this game, and am looking for the expansion of Last Dream which is suppose to be available anytime now. In the meantime, I am having ""Last Dream"" withdrawal symptoms, after about 194 hours of immersive game play."
76561198384625774,Recommended,266230,31449703,Posted: 29 April,all,jessicapatt27,"I really love the depth of Last Dream. It starts simply and then expands into a massive world of puzzles, intricate dungeons, curious NPCs, challenging bosses, and little discoveries that made me feel happy.I found some of the writing poinent, when you visit NPCs after major game events and they express how their lives have been affected. The music is hilarious and epic, and I love the variability and freedom. This is easily my favorite JRPG. My score is 10/10."
,Recommended,266230,26776345,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZephyrAM,"Old school, 16-bit era RPG with just a ridiculous amount of content and customization for an RPGMaker game. Choose your team of 4 from 8 different classes, choose what stats they gain every level, and choose what skills they learn with gained SP.Craft recipes from dropped monster loot, fish from docks across the map, get caught looting chests in cities and fight guards for the treasures.If you like RPG's at all, you need to give this a try. And with their 'expansion' coming soon, and Last Dream 2 in the works, there's more to look forward to."
76561198055818365,Recommended,266230,9944740,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Shadowkitty,"I bought this game because I grew up on classic RPG's.I've always loved them. The old-style sprites, the simplicity of the design, from Chrono Trigger to FF: Mystic Quest; i've run the gauntlet of encounters and grinded out countless storylines to save the world/universe/existence itself.  That being said, games made on RPG Maker have never been a turn-off for me, and even if they were, Last Dream would stand above.This game is an outstanding throw-back to the RPG's I loved as a kid whilst also evolving into something new and engaging. The dailouge is well written, the storyline has depth to it, and the world itself is actually very sandbox-esque.  With room for open-world wandering, plenty of side quests and dungeons, there is tons to explore and do if grinding out the main plot isn't your style.  (This also means that for completionists and dungeon hunters, you're in luck! There is a LOT for you to seek out.)What I enjoy most of all is the full character control. No preset PC's to join your team, you design from the ground up all four of your party members. Furthermore, you control how they progress. Each level up grants you stat points which you can then use to mature each character how you see fit.  It's beautiful. Absolutely beautiful.8/10 Highly Recommended. If you're a turn-based RPG guru, Last Dream is an impressive and enjoyable adventure."
76561198067418508,Recommended,266230,9581605,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,iFool,"Extremely addictive and very nostalgic of 90s RPGs like Legend of Dragoon or Final Fantasy. It's fairly open-world (which I love) and it doesn't block you out of certain worlds when you're wandering around. There's several guilds and side quests that can get you extra loot. I decided to go through the Woods of Despair trying to find some other place and ended up getting a mission quest from the king because of it that landed me some nice loot. And now that I've getting deeper into the story, I'm definitely appreciating it more. An absolute must-buy:)"
,Recommended,266230,9959000,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,tsevahn,"If you liked the first Final Fantasy and you are looking for more games with similar mechanics, you will love Last Dream, as I do.There are a few tweaks and improvements but do not expect anything new on the gameplay side.It's an ode to FF1 gameplay, with some inspiration and references to FF2 (US numbering).If their goal making this game was to do the perfect FF1 clone, in my opinion they achieved it!I really like how the game lets you customize your party like FF1 (with more class choices) but at the same time delivers a strong story like the following FF. I took my time playing this game (on hard, save anywhere) and spent at least 100 hours on it, so I would say it's totally worth the full price. I didn't even complete all side quests, and could try a harder difficulty with different classes, plenty of unlocked achievements, etc. My point is there's plenty of content and some replay value.Cons:- Controller support could have been better. Cannot use cross (must use thumb stick), customize options doesn't make sense and when you figure it out it doesn't allow you to choose from all the buttons you would want. So basically you better just learn to use the default mapping, it works though it's a bit unusual (confirm with X, switch characters with start and select instead of triggers...)- This kind of game is repetitive by nature, and fights can often be either too difficult or too easy. I just want to mention it, it's not really a con because that's what this game is supposed to be.Pros:- Customization of start party and levelups- Customization of difficulty and save settings, for more/less old-school challenge.- Classic turn based combat- Awesome music (classic composers remixed on electric guitar: checked!)- Great story, original and different although inspired by FF.- A lot of content: side quests, crafting, fishing, arena, etc."
,Recommended,266230,10262378,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,wboyett89,saw this on James Reccomends and im Hooked i love the depth  and the customization is a unique flavor to the traditional JRPG style the minute details are what keep me playing.  That soundtrack epic and classic at the same time i havent heard as good of a soundtrack since FFMQ. deffinetly worth the $10 heck it is worth more deffinetly alot of bang for your buck. plus this is 16 bit done well especially for a modern game.
,Recommended,266230,10487439,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Furgleburgle,"This is one of the best RPGs I have played in a very long time.The character Leveling System and the party creation system makes it so each play through of this game will be different from the last. It is difficult, yet easy, in that you can not only choose the difficulty but you can farm to over-level your party to beat any road block you encounter. Great game! 5.5 out of 5 stars."
76561198022988738,Recommended,266230,9587041,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,slayenemy909,This is one of the best RPG's I have ever played. Old school feel but very refined. Great story. Fun gameplay. Lots of options and choices with leveling up and skill upgrades.Most fun I've had with an RPG in a long time. Highly recommended!
76561198072043126,Recommended,266230,9616574,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,ritechas,"I normally do not write reviews, even for games I absolutely enjoy, but I had to in this case. The first RPG I picked up was final fantasy 3 (6 in Japan) for the the SNES at the request of a good friend. I feel in love with RPG games from that point forward. It may just be because that was the first one I played, my age, or another combination of factors, but even after playing all the final fantasies including PSX, PS2, XBOX 360 and GBA, Last Dream still stands out. I have played all types of RPGs: first person, action adventure, real time, turn based, and even a few non categorical ones. This RPG was instantly close to my heart, even 3 hours in.This game is good. Great length, ability to choose your party, side quests galore, hidden bosses, super bosses, and an alternate end game boss which imo was an unrefined concept (I own the strategy guide and read ahead). For completionists like me, I am glad that they did not include large amounts of NPCs and extra base characters that are for your party. This drives completionists like myself nuts with mind numbing grinding that can last for weeks just because a person wants to have maxed out, uber powerful characters. Four characters for a party is perfect, plus the charcters grow on you becuase there are the right amount. I also like the fact that I am only 18 hours in, roughly halfway, and I have the ability to do the quests in the order I want, manipulating the story line for how I desire it to be. Even if I were to ever get bored, I could just power level for a few hours in a hard area and run through the rest of the game (not that I will :)) because the levling system is actually pro-gamer. Crazy, huh? The developers actually WANT you to succeed while having a good time collecting all the trinkets. No more sitting in battles wondering if this is going to be the time (aka 5 out of 150, lol) a behemoth drops that one item you need to craft the ultimate weapon. The crafting system is unique and actually makes me want to grind the enemies and engage in battle oftenI cant believe this game is only $10. I must confess i bought it for $5 on a sale but I will definitely be donating/playing the rest of the series. I challenge anyone reading this to take a chance, dive in, and get past the fact that ""you need amazing graphics to play a game in the twenty first century."" enjoy the story, enjoy the ride, and take a trip back to when classical RPGs were good and had enormous amounts of depth."
,Recommended,266230,11612715,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Gods pet turtle,solid/10
76561198052571465,Recommended,266230,9538265,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,chris,"I LOVE this game.  I realize it's not cutting edge textures, high resolution, or what have you.  But this game is FUN.  It has a brilliant story line, and it keeps me entertained when my brain is hurting from working, I just stop and play a bit.  I highly recommend it.  It's under-valued I think, definitely worth the cost."
76561198045916408,Not Recommended,266230,10221445,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Pewpewpew,"So I gave this game a few hours of my time, and I have to say I'm disappointed. I am fully aware of the possibilities and limitations that come with creating a game using RPGMaker, as I've used the program myself quite a bit, and I can tell you right away that this game isn't much more than stock resources piled onto a bland story.There are a few interesting features, such as designing your own party, but in the end these features aren't used to their full extent, and the way it's done is very generic. Customizing stats and skills is fine in itself, but the system used here is, once again, very generic and doesn't offer much customization other than ""make a good build or make five different bad ones"".Graphics are mostly, if not completely, stock, which in itself can be fine, but when the game fails to produce any other redeeming qualities I can't help but notice how I've seen the graphics many, many times before. The music feels completely random most of the time. Especially during the flashback cutscenes. It just feels like the creator didn't know what music to put there, and just randomly picked a song from a playlist.The story... I don't get it. What's my motivation? Why am I bothering with these guys. Just telling me I met some people and trained for some time doesn't really give me much of an emotional attachment to my party. Making them all mutes doesn't help much either. I assume I want back into my own world. It's only been a year, right? Why am I doing random fetch quests for people when I should be trying to get back home? Why do I care about what happened lots and lots of years ago to some pretty funky music?As the game is a RPGMaker game with very basic battles and graphics, it really only has story to rely on. Unfortunately the story is simply not there, or if it is, presented in a way that makes me not care at all. And this comes from a diehard RPG fan who loved a bunch of the more recent retro-styled RPGs out there.If you're looking for a retro-RPG with a good story, this is sadly not the game for you."
76561198128367563,Recommended,266230,26008347,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,kingtumbleweed,Take all the best things from the RPGs of your childhood and mash them together. Congrats! You have just learned the recipe to synthesize Last Dream. 10/10
,Recommended,266230,23652263,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Vergul,Totally Awesome.  One of the best rpgmaker games I've found so far.  If you like old school games you'll LOVE this one.
,Recommended,266230,9555862,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,MazLad,"I recommend this little blighter. A classic turn based RPG like Dragon Warrior with a few side quests like fishing and crafting and the like. Also not quite as linear as the olden days with a couple of options to take to get to the same result. (Help the king and get a boat, or give some nonce some relics and.. get a boat). OK fair enough it doesn't sound overly brilliant in that example but it's still a different touch from the Breath of Fire type malarky. The classes are interestingly done too. Some with handy abilities to help in battles, others with skills that help out in general on the world map like tunnelling, stealing or♥♥♥♥♥♥ Well OK not♥♥♥♥♥♥but the other two aye. I recommend you suck it down my friends and enjoy! It's on offer for another day or so at about £3.50. Stick that in your pipe and smoke it, assuming you're in a designated smoking area."
76561198029008599,Recommended,266230,10460389,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Terms of Enrampagement,"Do you long for the nostalgia of glory days  Nes/Snes Jrpgs? Loved Lufia, Final Fantasy 1-6, Dragon Warriors? Pick up a copy of this homage to the greats. Well refined mechanics a 709page strategy guide and tons of class customization. If this came out in the 90's it would be fetching a hefty sum like gems such as Earthbound. But rejoice it's modestly priced at 10 dollars, and worth every penny."
,Recommended,266230,12295213,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,elbeeno,"This game is really fun.  It has most of the good stuff from old RPGs from SNES and some new stuff like getting to add the points to your character.  You also can't mess up since you could eventually max all the characters' stats if played long enough.  They made NPCs say different things after most story events and they have some move to different towns throught the story, but not just following you.  They have the 50 floor dungeon similar to Lufia 2 cave, except not as good since you can't bring the special items back in.  There are tons of optional things you can do like race the birds, which is better than on FF since you can win just by pushing the correct buttons and no randomness.  You can fish to get gold super easy and the fish are good for healing, but you don't have to and there is no terrible mini game for the fishing.  It just works when you do it and you almost always get a fish.  Just buy 99 bait and set it to turbo or Autohotkey it (Would have been better with no delay and to just have the option to fish x99 in 1 second, but oh well.)  If you put it on the hardest mode, it starts out slow because you will need to grind a long time, but the game gets easy by the end.  They build in a battle macro system where you can preprogram a set of moves to do for a round.  This saves a ton of time and was one of the best improvements ever for turn based battles.  I will have a hard time playing any other turn based game after this since I am spoiled by only having to hit like 3 button presses to fight a round instead of 57 like other RPGs.  You get to pick your classes at the start and you can choose from 8 classes, so you can replay the game and try different strategies, although the characters didn't feel very different to me.  There are many items to equip and you can craft and do side quests to get alot of stuff.  This will give you something to do if you get stuck at any point right after the start and you won't need to just grind.  I deffinetly recommend this game when it is on sale of if it gets in a bundle."
76561198012596515,Recommended,266230,11801371,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Mortambo,"I'll admit, I have barely scratched the surface of this game and it is amazing. You are given so much choice it's ridiculous. I made a pretty standard RPG party (tank, thief, healer, black mage) and have been really enjoying my time. It is a true tribute to the SNES RPGs of my youth. It is a little grindy (what RPG from that era wasn't?) but it gives you so much customization and so many meaningful choices on how your characters grow that I just can't wait for the next level. It's also rather brutal on hard, or at least it seems like it for me. However, to me this isn't a downside...it just adds to the fun. Most of the modern RPGs of this style are so formulaic and easy to build the perfect party (Blue Dragon, Persona 4, just to name a couple) that I quickly got bored with the battles, although I loved the storylines. So far, every new enemy I have encountered added something interesting to the battle, or some new ability or twist (or just tons of damage my party was equipped to take) that it has kept it interesting. The story has barely started, but I am already looking forward to the many hours I will put into this game.10/10. Would buy again. :)"
,Recommended,266230,10500025,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Glitched Being,"This game has a lot to offer for every true classic JRPG fan.Literally tons of differentparty combinations. By no means you are stuck to a default party set up like, Black Mage, White Mage and Knights. Every character has is own pros and cons. It's up to you to decide what's best for each challenge you may encounter.Good, but not flawless,crafting system(synthesizing). By crafting your own weapons, armors, rings, potions, etc, it opens a whole new universe of possibilities. Looking for that shiny Diamond Armor but has not enough gold to buy it from the shop? No problem! You can synthesize an even better armor by using monster remains and your current tier armor. Look out for the mighty dwarf Brokkr if you are in need for some awesome gear.Excellentpuzzlesfor all your brain needs. The Vanir (ancient civilization) has blessed the world of Terra with unique and challenging puzzles. Ranging from a simple ""push this to there"" kind of puzzle to a literally diabolical puzzle. I'm looking at you, Mr. Daedalus.Greatend game content. The Hunter's Guild owner Cid is looking for brave warriors on his mission to wipe the monsters from Terra's face. Thought that fight with a boss you found at a certain place was hard? How about fighting against an ancient Vanir demigod?The ultimate definition ofreplayability. With hundreds of different challenges to overcome, you'll be busy playing it for hours and hours.TL;DRI give this game a score of 8/10.A must buyfor anyone who loves classic RPGs."
,Recommended,266230,9495955,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Vana,"i am right into this game, beautiful music, fun gameplay and interesting battles. and its the first game in a trilogy-to-be! i'm loving this one so far, cant wait for the next two :D"
76561198061850188,Recommended,266230,12534991,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kal Skirita,"This is an exellent game. Last Dream is a labor of love. It harkens back to the old jrpgs; the Final Fantasy's and Dragon Warriors. The soundtrack is a bit odd, I admit, alternating between Rock, Metal, Classical, and a style that I can't identify. The plot seems good, but I'm only in the first few hours. If your looking for graphics, look elswhere. This is a game that tugs at your heartstrings, making you yearn for games of old while also fulfilling that need.  5 Stars, Three Thumbs up (I got my dog in on it). Look up Extra credits review of it, on James Recommends for more info."
,Recommended,266230,10222100,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Cbeary,"Having gotten tired of playing Final Fantasy 1 I sought out to discover a new game that had similar elements to that game.  Choose your classes and build them up any way you wish, darn good challenges and questionable song selections has led me to enjoying and recommending this game for a go.  I should dare call this a superior game to Final Fantasy for just one reason alone:  The thief can steal things!  Take THAT Final Fantasy 1!:U"
,Recommended,266230,10314670,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Gahenstein,The amount of things you can do in this game is amazing. The battle mchanics are just perfect and the amount of customization you can do to your characters is crazy. All that make an awesome game that is highly replayable and anyone can invest as long as they want in playing it. 10/10
,Recommended,266230,10499850,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,▲,"Positives:Lovely game.  Old school Final Fantasy meets Achievement Hunter 3000.Customize your characters' stats as they level.  Make a damage dealing white mage if you so please!  Also no level cap.Cool character classes.  You can go into the game folder and replace sprites to change the look of your characters if you don't like the default looks.Open world in the vein of old FF games.Awesome music with different battle tunes and dungeon music on every continent.Hidden stuff everywhere, even entire dungeons in remote areas.Lots of optionals and endgame content.Negatives:If you just stack defense and magic defense you can get through pretty much the entire game without any trouble on most difficulties.Damage dealt = 4x Attack stat - 2x enemy defense stat.That and instant death spells are ridiculous.  Either you have protect rings and they don't do anything or you don't have protect rings and your entire party dies before you even get to attack.  Mindflayers."
76561197988609569,Recommended,266230,10721700,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,(Chatuba)-DANCS,"Great RPG. Old school like ftw.And the ability to select your lvl stats ware a great feature here.History, world, puzzles (a lot of them), everything smooth and nice."
,Recommended,266230,11062045,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Nytus,"I haven't enjoyed an RPG this much since Kefka laughed his last.The creators call it an homage to Final Fantasy's earliest titles, and it shows. They have taken the best parts of the first six and made a wonderful game in their honor. I highly recommend this game, it has at least 30 hours of content on the easiest setting and is highly replayable with the various character combinations and side-quests that are all referenced in the ending scene.Well worth the price."
76561198138006361,Recommended,266230,10699993,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wanderer,"Just by description I knew I was going to like it, so when I saw it was on sale I bought it as soon as possible. I am really glad I did because the game is amazing. So far, I've had no issues with the game and doubt that there will be any issues. I can tell I'll be playing this game for a while."
76561198003993605,Recommended,266230,10912961,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,PipTheCuteDemo,"Last Dream is a really cool old-school rpg that you have so much choice and control over your own experience of the game. When you start a new game you choose your party of four (out of 8 characters), the difficulty, enemy encounter rate, and when and where you can save. From what I've played so far it has item crafting, good dungeons, annoying puzzles (by that I mean they're good), tonnes of loot, decent exploration and an interesting story. If your looking for an old-school rpg to play you should get it I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,266230,10977653,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kaseron,"This is a fantastic retro jrpg inspired games, and an ode to Final Fantasy.I've spent over 100 hours on this great game, with unique features, a great story, over 40 hours of unique, non-linear story and it has great re-playability.Anyone who enjoyed the early Final Fantasy games or games in that style should give this a try."
,Recommended,266230,10115945,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Krizzy,"I only have two [severely minor] gripes about Last Dream.- F12 Steam override; cannot take screenshots. F12 merely takes you back to the main menu without warning.-  540x420 (estimated) windowed mode only. I am aware, however, that this is par for the course with any RPG Maker game. Even with my glasses, I sometimes have to strain to see what's going on, but whatever -- the gameplay is delicious, and I make do. ;)Well done, White Giant.Best RPG Maker game I've ever played, hands down. Boundless items, great class selections, fun and engaging puzzles reminiscent of Lufia / Lufia 2 (SNES), and convenient point distribution systems for leveling and skills. The ability to choose the difficulty level, as well as the enemy encounter rate, is also extremely beneficial."
76561198007708931,Recommended,266230,9513969,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Edge,"Awesome gameI highly recommed this game to anyone who likes old school jrpgs. The ability to select your characters is a great idea. Each character has their own unique skills. I spent about an hour just reading about the classes in the strategy guide and choosing the right party. The ability to add stat points upon level up and choose each characters skills adds a huge amount of customization. The music also surprised me, it is some of the best music in an RPG that I have heard since Chrono Trigger/Final Fantasy 3. The graphics are simple, yet pleasing to the eye and effective. You can also choose the difficulty and other game options to make the game harder or easier depending on your skill level.The gameplay is great, the ability to set macros for the party alleviates some of the monotony when fighting weaker enemies. The puzzles scattered throughout the land are well thought out and fun to do. There is also a fishing minigame which is simple, yet surprisingly fun.As for things that could be improved upon, I would really like to see the ability to choose the gender for each class. Although it's nitpicking, this is the one thing that stood out to me that I wish could be changed.Overall, if you like JRPGS's pick this one up now, you won't be disappointed."
76561198014871595,Recommended,266230,9482107,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Taedran,"Finally got around to getting deeper in the game. Here's my thoughts:It's clearly an RPGmaker game, doesn't try to hide it. But it's really good. I've played (to my knowledge) all the RPGmaker games on Steam and this one is by FAR the best. The levelling up and skill system lets you customize your characters really well, and every class offers very unique additions to your party. Some of the music is public domain songs (such as Beethoven's Fifth) but they fit well with the atmosphere where they take place in.You can craft in this game, by gathering materials from monsters and combining them with gear to create better gear. A unique thing about this game, unlike most RPGs, is that money is actually tightly controlled. You're always on your last dime once you upgrade in a new town, and you don't have 999,999 gold by time you reach the final boss.Some of the unique traits of the classes:  Thieves can steal. Hunter's let you be able to ride chocobo expys on the world map. Engineers let you use tunnels for faster travel and acess to treasure, along with stronger item usage and can increase EXP gained in battle. White Mages are the only way you can ressurect dead party members outside of town.I went with Monk, Thief, Black Mage, and Engineer.  The lack of Moa's (the chocobo expy) on the world map isn't too painful, but the lack of ressurecting puts pressure when deep inside a dungeon. That said, the group is pretty well rounded.Many dungeons have zelda-esque puzzles, and are a nice break from the grind. They're fun, however the rewards are uqually lackluster. I do all the puzzles anyway, but some of them aren't worth the time, so there's that.The story is rather generic, but it feels like an oldschool RPG with some modern systems in place.The creators are very vocal and take feedback from their fanbase, and as such, have earned my loyalty to them. I'm looking forward to their next releases.If you're looking for a good oldschool JRPG, this one is the one you will want to get.P.S. A ""load"" options on the menu would be nice.  I save often, and if something goes wrong I have to exit out of the game to go to the starting screen to load from my save. Adding ""load"" to the menu would speed that up considerably.  (Now someone is going to tell me there is a way to load and I'm just blind, lol)"
,Recommended,266230,16017240,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,The Kurgan,"Do you like that old school jrpg from the days of snes? Then you will probably like this. You get to chose 4 characters with different classes. The game has a good amount of side things to do too(more than most of the the good ole days games). It kind of goes open worldish eventually more so than the games of my youth. Ships, submarines, airships..chocobo..yep. Side quest, arena battles, monster hunting, casino...yep..its got them too. You can set to different difficulty settings and you can even set how you want the save game system to work. You want it hard old school where you can only save once in a while... you can do that. You want it so you can save anytime..yep you can set it like that too. This is the most fun I had on one of these ""new"" old games. Rpg maker it may be but it has so much in it those people must have really loved what they did and put a ton of time into it's creation. Heck I regret I got it in a humble bundle for so cheap I would pay more. Better believe I will gladly pay for the next one!"
76561198012613985,Recommended,266230,22991116,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,bryanlan,"What a great game!  The developers clearly are passionate about their work, and they put a level of craftsmanship into it that does the Final Fantasies/Dragon Warriors/Lufias proud.  If you're looking for a NES/SNES jRPG experience, you really can't go wrong with this game.Graphics: 7/10 - Stock/standard RPG maker graphics.  Nothing out of the ordinary to see here, but nothing bad either.  Enemy sprites are pretty solid, everything else is so-so.Sound: 8.5/10 - Some original sounding scores, but none of the tracks were as memorable as things like Final Fantasy's crystal theme/Chocobo/Maria and Draco/Barron airships, etc.Story 8/10 - Pretty standard stuff, but I really like the cutscenes.Gameplay 10/10 - This game is just a joy to play.  The combat and skill system is simple, but extensive with lots of choices on how you choose to develop your character.  Macro system takes the monotony out of the grind.  But the thing I like most is that the developer took every clever device from the 90s era and brought it into this game including: Monster hunting, puzzle solving, animal racing, ancient cave (lufia), fishing (which really is overpowered, I wish I had not fished as much as I did).Value/Overall:   10/10 - There are a few rough edges, but for this price point, you simply can't go wrong.  Honestly, had I paid about $30 I would feel like it was a fair deal - at $10, it's a bargain with many 10s of hours of playtime if you want to do all the optional things + the game is compelling enough that I could see doing it with a different party at some point in the future."
76561198104637037,Recommended,266230,23040874,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,jt.eyolf,"Wow!  What a fantastic game!  You can really tell that the creators put a lot of time and effort into making this game.The Good:Excellent replayability (so many achievements, character combinations, difficulty levels, etc.)The music changes often (don't like a battle theme in one area?  don't worry, it'll change for the others!)Challenging (or not, if you want)Story is interesting (though not phenomenial - it's very much like older RPGs in this regard)Balanced classes (for the most part - some would argue that thief isn't as useful for instance, but I like them)Unique abilities (scaning, for instance, gives the party buffs as well as info on the monster)New Game+/Reborn (either keep your achievements in a new game, or keep your equipment/items - keeps things interesting!)Nostalgic for old RPG loversLots of puzzles and minigamesSo much content!The Bad:Addicting!  I waste so much time playing this.  Already over 80 hours at the time of this post.The main character in the initial cutscene has white hair, but when you choose your characters, most don't match his/her appearance.Limited customization of character appearance (there's some, but limited)Story is similar to oldschool RPGs (this is both good and bad, IMO)A little laggy sometimesOverall, this is a wonderful game.  Don't let the RPG Maker style fool you - this game is a gem."
76561198115113600,Recommended,266230,22587369,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,HostofHeaven,"The best part about this game isn't the sweet game play,  soundtrack, achievements, combat or any other fantasticness. The absolute best part is the development team. You heard me - The Devs. There has rarely been a day where the Devs haven't posted on the forums, either answering questions or giving general updates. That combined with the mini competitions and games they run make this a very active game. It's not a ""set it and forget it"" game.Buy it. For realsies."
76561198356856553,Recommended,266230,32236725,Posted: 7 June,all,Cananna,"A fun, interesting and challenging game. The dungeons are actually quite difficult. It feels a lot like chrono trigger, or other old school RPG open world, just what i was looking for"
76561198113437091,Recommended,266230,16746200,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,dsweet87,"What can I say, wow!I highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoyed the NES and SNES era of RPGs. If you are a person who has bought several versions of final fantasy games, enjoy customizing characters and seeking out rare treasures to make your party incredibly powerful, or are a trophy hunter who enjoys a serious challenge to collect all achievements, this is the game for you.This game is a polished experience of the classic RPG. If this game had come out 20 years ago, you would be having debates on whether Last Dream belongs in the top 3 RPGS along with Final Fantasy 6 and Chrono Trigger. The graphics are cheerful and colorful, and the music is a collection of great classical pieces, and you will find yourself humming along, and even recognizing many of them, and feeling cooler for doing so!While I beat the game within 40 hours the first time, the achievements added 100+ hours of replay-ability. You see, there are around a hundred achievements, some of which can't be completed in one playthrough. You have to do multiple playthroughs, and it took me some serious planning, but I managed to get them all done in 3 playthroughs. It is single-handedly the most fun achievement hunting I have ever done in a game.I look forward to Last Dream Expansion and Last Dream II."
,Recommended,266230,21331114,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,WobblyKarma,"I haven't played this game in nearly a year and I STILL talk about it every week or so with people. White Giant was so careful about creating a new game that very much stands on its own despite being a tribute to the RPGs of old. I recommend this to everyone who enjoyed the early Final Fantasy/Dragon Quest games but feel like their respective developers have lost touch with their roots.Pros:-Awesome, awesome, AWESOME leveling system. Choosing what stats I want to level is something RPGs almost never do.-REPLAYABILITY AND CUSTOMIZATION. You can edit so many options in this game and take so many paths with so many different party combinations that you only have the same experience twice if you're doing it intentionally.-Secondary Abilities. It's not a totally new concept, but it's done so well here. What Engineers, Thieves, and Hunters lack on the battlefield (at least until class upgrade), they more than make up for in convenience of travel and bonus loot.-Aside from combat decisions, that dastardly RNG seems to be downplayed here. No more repetitive ""GAME OVER"" screens because an enemy with a 10% chance of causing instant death does it to your entire party 5 times in a row.-The game has a linear story, but not a linear world. You can explore much of it and do many events out of the logical order.-Class upgrades, we've missed you.-Great Soundtrack-Nostalgic goodness-While some of the sidequests areCons-The dialogue. The story is interesting, but a lot of the dialogue is pretty contrived. It's hard to watch a story unfold when your eyes have rolled into the back of your head.-While I appreciate a game that doesn't feel the need to hold your hand through a story, there are times in which the next objective is a little unclear. If you are really into sidequests or you get distracted easily, this can potentially screw you up until you've sailed/flown to every objective on the map looking for what you're supposed to be doing."
,Recommended,266230,26840523,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,scastle89,"The Final Fantasy game I've been starving for since the 16-bit days. I know the RPGMaker graphics turn a lot of people off since a lot of unexperienced creators use it, but probably one of the best modern take on old-school turn-based RPGs I've ever played."
76561197980795527,Recommended,266230,15976200,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Atolibus,"I just wanted to say... as much as I love RPGMaker, Sturgeons law is usually in full effect - most titles are either mediocre or dull. I took a chance on this one, and I'm really glad I did. It's scratching an itch I didn't know I had in a great way. It's a great homage to the first Final Fantasy title with some nice new modern twists thrown in. Easily worth a few bucks, you'll have a great time cranking through it. Definitely recommended."
76561198055043612,Recommended,266230,10234122,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Symonic,Best Game i've played recently
76561197971365728,Recommended,266230,9739600,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,The Chumpion,A lot of game.
,Recommended,266230,10909907,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,renbletz,"The game is enormous, fun, and surprisingly deep.  Lots of customization, a huge amount of sidequests, and a very long main plot (which is good; most indie RPGs are too short)."
,Recommended,266230,10924339,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dad,"The Last Dream is a top-down turn-based RPG in the vein of Final Fantasy or Dragon Quest.In terms of design philosophy I would have to compare it to something like Dark Souls or God Hand in the way it effortlessly conveys complex game mechanics to new players without 'hand-holding' as well as featuring gameplay both equally challenging and rewarding.A genuine throwback to some of the finest hits of the golden era of 16-bit RPG classics like Chrono Trigger or Final Fantasy 6, dare I say even better. Anyone who grew up during the height of the 16-bit RPG owes it to themselves to add this gem to their collection and for those who did not get to experience it firsthand this is a great oppurtunity to relive the magic.This game easily earns it's spot in the canon of greatest turn-based RPGs of all time."
,Recommended,266230,12374407,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,grahf14,"Amazing game, was not expecting this much.  This game plays like the old SNES Final Fantasy games, but adds some of the complexity and sidequests found in later entries in the series.  You party is very customizable, and you control your members' level ups."
76561197971628333,Recommended,266230,9730536,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Modranto,"What Last Dream lacks in innovation it makes up for in highly nostalgic RPG gameplay. For those well versed in SNES RPGs this reminds me of some mixture of Final Fantasy 4, Final Fantasy 5 and Lufia 2. Specifically the warring nations involved in the story (FF4); the class system and combat (FF5); and the puzzles and “The Abyss” optional dungeon (Lufia 2).Beyond the nostalgia there are some modern game features that are welcome additions to the formula. Perhaps the best of them is the macro system that lets you save a set of battle commands for all 4 of your characters that can be triggered quickly. This does away with needing to repeatedly mash out a simple 4x Attack round that is so commonly used or manually input the same series of stat boosting spells that you’ll use on most tough fights. They’ve also made it so you can customize the difficulty, encounter rate and amount of restriction on save location, without being locked into any choices.I was pleasantly surprised by the added enjoyment I got out of all the achievements this game has. They unlock at a steady rate and give a similar feeling of reward as loot collecting. Many of them are tied to the optional activities abounding throughout the game and give a nice incentive to complete them. I won’t go into details on all the optional areas but I will say that I greatly enjoyed most of them and was thrilled by the variety to be found.The class, skill and leveling up systems in Last Dream are all very satisfying. There’s not a lot surprising here but the wide range of flexibility in how you choose to progress your character’s stats and skills helps keep things engaging. You can further personalize things with gear and that includes a solid crafting system that focuses on steady collection of goods rather than random chance drops. One critique of the crafting is that I would have liked to see a sortable synthesis menu. Once you’ve amassed a decent number of recipes it becomes annoying to have to sift through them all to find the ones you want.Avoiding any spoilers I will say that the story was good, but not great. One major criticism I’ve always had of voiceless playable characters is that it then falls entirely on NPCs that you are infrequently in contact with to supply the game with interesting characters. This game is a prime example of that and, in my book, suffers because of it. That being said, I particularly enjoyed the character arc of the villain. I also want to give a big thumbs up for the huge amount of town NPC dialogue that continually evolves throughout the game, always reflecting the major happenings in the storyline. This does SO much to make the game world come alive.Finally I’d like to point out that while the soundtrack was patched together from a lot of different sources, it all comes together brilliantly with loads of excellent tracks."
,Recommended,266230,23015260,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Toastasaurus Rex,"This is a game to chill out an relax to. The turn-based combat is pretty fun, if you're into turn-based RPG combat. The story is boring, though it has its moments of interest, it's really nothing to write home about. What you're getting into this game for is to Explore- to journey from one end of the world to another back and forth, combing it for details and loot and NPCs and anything else it has to offer you. Put your feet up, relax, and dive in. It's fun, in its own way, if you get into the mindset. If not- it will bore you, no real question about it. But if you're on board for just exploring and playing the pretty damn satisfying battle system, and enjoying the utterly bonkers soundtrack, this will be a fun one.Of note- there's a demo that's utterly MASSIVE, to the point that I recommend only playing a bit of it, because the saves don't transfer, and it can be boring playing through the same multiple hours of exploring again to catch up to where you were. Try it out though."
,Recommended,266230,28321276,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,mlddragon,"I am a big fan of old school RPGs (I grew up playing all of the Final Fantasy games, starting with the original). This is easily one of the most fun retro RPG games I have played, and definitely the best RPG Maker game I have played. 10/10, can't wait for the expansion and sequel."
76561198023647147,Recommended,266230,31948231,Posted: 25 May,all,Quinian,RPGMaker games are a hit or miss kinda thing.. mostly miss. This game was awesome though. If you're a fan of the old school Final Fantasy style games you'll love this. I can't wait for the expansion/sequel
76561198328477251,Recommended,266230,30983381,Posted: 6 April,all,Exydoz,Turnbased Old-School RPG at it's finest!
76561198013426446,Recommended,266230,14240590,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,OReach,"One of the best classic JRPGs I've ever played.Don't let the fact it's made in RPG maker deter you. The makers of this game are truly fans of the classic JRPG and the original final fantasy. If you enjoy those games, you'll love this. It has all of the classic throwbacks and combines it into a nicely refined package that is extremely fun to play.Excellent replay value. I'm playing it again for the second time, making it one of my most played games of all time, and I'm having just as much fun as I did the first time. Hard is probably a good starting difficulty for first timers, though I'm having a lot of fun on Very Hard - the balance of the challenge at this difficulty is excellent. Legendary is a bit outlandish and far too hard at pretty much every turn, but, I suppose that's the point.Classic RPG fan that liked the original final fantasies and thinking of getting this game? Stop thinking about it and go buy it."
76561198069732317,Recommended,266230,20047107,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kitsune,"The first RPG maker game I actually bought (in sale) and a really nice surprise, I don't regret it and Ifear buying another rpg maker game because it raised the bar."
76561197996164305,Recommended,266230,10103701,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,F8LBYTE,<3
76561198078437081,Recommended,266230,9567053,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,TrashPanda,awesome
,Recommended,266230,9583850,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Gekiganger,Fantastimazing. Loving it.
,Recommended,266230,13024349,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Everything's Heresy,"if you enjoy turn based combat, rpg's, good soundtrack and a sense of adventure, and options in your video game, then this is one you don't want to miss. this game is the definition of ""classic rpg"" taking the best elements from old-school rpgs, mixing them with a good soundtrack, simple and polished animations and a variation of options, from the very start of the game you can choose dificulty up from simple mob spawns, save points and even dungeon save points, this also includes you being able to change your party members from the start of the game setting it to your liking. The price is also very good and definetly worth it, and if you catch it on an offert, you won't regret it ever."
76561198067683289,Recommended,266230,9499247,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Sneakky Panda,Love this game! Definitely a must-have :D
,Recommended,266230,13832382,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MegaJoshX,"The Good:Tons of content, with more to come (devs are currently producing an expansion).  Scratches that ol' SNES Final Fantasy itch.  Non linear to a degree, if that's your thing.  Great stat allocation.The Not-So-Good:The map is monumentally awful.  Balance could be better, as if you're a grinder you can quite easily become so powerful that nothing but the Superbosses (and navigating the ludicrous map) present any real challenge.  Ending left me wanting, but that's likely down to taste.Worth the purchase if you dig JRPGs, though, for sure.  I've spent almost a hundred hours interacting with this thing, and only now am I finding myself bored.  Looking forward to the new expansion."
,Recommended,266230,9616091,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Nathaniel (No PC),The Final Fantasy sequal I always wanted. It's like the first game but 10 times better with side quests and more stuff in general. Story is weird as hell though.
,Not Recommended,266230,10213552,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Al Djeafnte,"Unless you're a JPRG junky and have nothing else to do, this game isn't going to do it for you.Hours into the game there's no story or purpose for anything you do, the customized leveling and skill unlock systems are an interesting idea but ultimately just turn into tedious micromanagement (the skills themselves are not so unique as to deserve manual unlocking), the recipe system just makes it needlessly complicated to gear yourself (crafting is not available in every town), and doubles to make the rewards for exploration minimal at best.It's not terrible, but it's not good.  While it does have features to offer to make the game a walk in the park, the game lacks a reason to be played, and the customization options are only really useful for people seeking a minmax grind challenge through higher difficulties.Unlike traditional JRPGs, this game fails to provide both a reason to play (via story), a direction to go in, or even a clear line of difficulty guidance (floors in a dungeon will spontaneously just be harder than others), which will likely result in simply being completely annihilated because how could you have known.And when you see Game Over, and load up your last save, and realize you didn't save a while ago because it requires multiple steps from the menu (unless you select ""save anywhere"" option), you wont feel any reason to continue playing."
,Recommended,266230,20546909,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Benzody,Very good game that is easy to play very hard to put down.  Definitely needed to use the strategy guide but doing so didn't keep me from enjoying the story.  Manually leveling up characters was one of my favorite parts  but you can set them up to allocate points automatically if you don't like micromanagement.  Loved the controller support.  Make more games like this please
,Recommended,266230,19497731,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,HalfLeif,"A really nice jrpg if you like the genreI agree with many of the other reviewers:+ spend your attribute and skills points as you want, no automatic level up+ much optional content to explore+ a lot of fun mini-puzzles+ great music (though it resets too often)+ craft better equipment than what you can find in the stores+ interesting character classesSome people complain it is a bit grind-focused but I disagree. If you ever get stuck at some point, you can just go explore in other areas: find some new loot and earn some xp while you are there.All in all, a very enjoyable casual game that reminds you of the old jprgs."
76561198202122550,Recommended,266230,18634819,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Cedar-redaC,"Last Dream is a fantastic RPG that has so many things going for it. The way the game is set up allows for as much or as little customization as the player wants. For example, you can throughly customize each stat for each member of your chosen party when you level up, or you can just pick a general category for your level up points to be assigned to. There are loads of side-quests, collectibles, and other completion things that will keep you exploring the massive world for hours on end.The world is great. The soundtrack ranges from fast and heavy to ethereal and serene and even includes a few classical pieces. The environments are charming. One of my favorite parts of the towns is the books on people's shelves and tables. They're actual books written by actual people. I love the attention to detail and the surprises you find in exploring the world.Beyond just the game itself, the developers are very helpful and responsive to player feedback. They have produced a gargantuan strategy guide (available on their website) that can help you with whatever you need. There is also an expansion that is nearing completion as of now (October 2015) and a sequel on the horizon.If you're going to have one turn-based RPG in your library, this is the one to have!"
76561198002318888,Recommended,266230,14270726,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,caveman,Ive been feeling alienated for awhile now with the current generation of rpgs. This game takes me back and it has alot of new game mechanics that spice it up. 9/10
,Recommended,266230,17329032,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Do-Sho,If you were a fan of the original Final Fantasy game this is a must have. It plays alot like FF but with many added features which made gameplay more interesting. If judging by modern standards of gameplay I would have to rate it a 7/10. Had this came out during SNES era or possibly even PS1 era I may have given it a 9/10 or maybe 9.5/10 for the time.
76561198061088764,Recommended,266230,13799105,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Eligo,"If you love the old RPG's such as Dragon Warrior or Final Fantasy I, II, III. Then you will love this game."
76561198048385355,Recommended,266230,32022332,Posted: 28 May,all,TerezarOmega,"A call back to the NES days of Final Fantasy and dragon warrior. In fact, where the enemy models sprites instead of pictures, I would have sworn this WAS an NES Final Fantasy game. The different between the sprite based character models and the fully drawn, picturesque enemies and backgrounds can be jarring, and they don't mesh well at all, but the game play is solid, the story is excellent, and if you long for the heyday of the turn based RPG, you will get your fix here for certain."
76561197983287789,Recommended,266230,14320472,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Vissera,"Extreamly well done. Makes me feel like I felt when I was a kid playing JRPG's on the NES and SNES. Story is kinda what you'd expect, but different enough that it feels interesting and fresh thoughout. ALOT of side content. Battle's can be difficult if you're not prepared. Music is awesome, though battle themes can get repetitive (expected). You can screw yourself royally if you dont pay attention to what you're doin on the skillpoint screen. Comes with a HUGE manual/guide in pdf form, really awesome for completionists. take a look at my time spent in this game. I enjoyed and continue to enjoy it thoroughly."
76561198036022602,Recommended,266230,32210626,Posted: 5 June,all,ilducadivenalzio,"Nothing I've played has captured the feeling of first playing FF on the NES like Last Dream has, it's everything the 10 year old from back then wanted and more.  If there is something in the game you wished you could do but can't, look around more, you probably can."
76561198088045668,Recommended,266230,20036026,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kavaliro,5 Stars! An excellent game from an excellent and very professional developer team.
,Recommended,266230,10625157,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Brojas,"This game hits home with the classic RPG style and playthrough. If you want something on that level, this game is for you."
,Recommended,266230,10310711,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,SidiousRed,Watch my First Impressions video of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4KAP6IKZ6w
76561198137058096,Recommended,266230,32136509,Posted: 2 June,all,Wicked Madness,I would definitely highly recommend this game.It reminds me of the old Final Fantasy turn base games. When rpg games were good.I cant stop playing it.
76561198392688292,Recommended,266230,32144367,Posted: 2 June,all,alexjones301,"A++The original! Played this onWhiteGiantRPG.com. Fantastic JRPG. Truly exceptional dialogue, dungeons, damsels, dragons, and danger. :)"
76561198028382102,Recommended,266230,10425974,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Asher Deist,Great game style. Large open world and a good number of side dungeons to explore. Tons of achievements which are fun to get (Currently the Master Moa Race is the only pain). Only irritating thing is that you need the right party composition to get 100% (Certain party members or you can't complete the beastiary or 100% treasures)
,Recommended,266230,11193329,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Hsanrb,"Last Dream is one of those games your either going to really really like, or really really hate. I'm going to ignore the fact that this is indeed an RPG Maker game so if you feel cheated because someone uses an engine like that to make a solid title thats your problem not mine. I will be writing this review with 1 clear of a Warrior/Engineer/Hunter/Thief on Normal diff, average encounter, No saving in dungeons, yes you get lots of pregame options to your RPG experience with this one)Gameplay: I'd probably give this one an 8. If you played the original Final Fantasy (or any of the remakes) then you know roughly 70% of the content and can anticipate everything your going to encounter. Then you add lots of side quests, mini games, and things that ADD players/achievement hunters will play all year with and you got yourself a solid game. In terms of the actual gameplay, the game has a level system with free reign on growth using ability points (AP) that you can spend as well. Also gives you a job system to specialize your characters with skills. Engineers can use tunnel holes to go from A to B while a regular party has to go around. This game even has puzzles from blocks to memorization to blow stuff up with limited bombs.All in all the main issue with the gameplay is that some classes can be completely useless based on a SINGLE SOLE ITEM. Fishing or leveling a White Mage, I did fishing, and was almost happy I didn't roll a healer, why is this possible? The game even gives you items if you do things that are broken to the point you can just equip 1 or 2 things, tank the final boss solo.Audio: 6, The song library is HUGE, the flaw, some songs are better than others. Every area has a unique tune so you rarely repeat, but then you get some terrible tracks for some areas, and some amazing ones in others that I could use the like/hate factor better than flipping a coin. Also the sfx of the game is par for the course, lightning is lightning, but everyones heard lightning before.Graphics, 6 same with the audio things are just par for the course.Entertainment: This is variable, if you like the retro 8-16bit RPG's you'll enjoy this one because the RPG element is pretty good, but the gameplay feels as dated so if you expect the experience to be made for the 21st century, you better buy a time machine. If you are a big 100% player, you could probably spend between 100-200 hours doing it, and hope you don't miss something. I'd give this a 7 because while I liked it once, I'm probably not planning to play through it again anytime soon, and to score a great mark, I WANT to play the 2nd playthrough within 24-48 hrs, and this just doesn't. Maybe 2-3 months I'll play again.Can I reccomend this game, sure... but do your homework before you pay up, you may end up either A) Never Finishing B) Excessive sidequest distraction C) Feel as though you may have played this game before, while technically no, mechanically yes."
76561198027096279,Recommended,266230,10421236,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,TrickyCM,"Great throw back RPG, lots to do and plenty re-playability.Really enjoyed this."
76561198091272583,Recommended,266230,11881502,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,pyrin firestorm,Great game especially if you likeplaying ff1. same feel as that. and if your an achivement hunter this game has plenty for you to get.
,Recommended,266230,23869411,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Zerotix,"If you were born before the year 2000 and enjoy RPGs, buy the game. It's cheap, and there's plenty of things to find and unlock."
76561198079511287,Recommended,266230,29850930,Posted: 11 February,all,wargar,"best rpg of 2017  so far .simple, yet fun   on the down side, are  the tsr monster manual  graphics"
76561198022751934,Recommended,266230,17829625,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Manabender,"First impressions:Last Dream plays very similarly to Final Fantasy (the first one), but is re-imagined for a more modern day. Just like FF1, you have a selection of classes to build your party from (although you get 8 instead of 6). All the old classes are here; the warrior, monk, thief, black mage, white mage, and grey mage (the analog to red mage). As a side note, even the old Dia spell is here; the white mage spell whose sole purpose is to deal tons of damage, but only to undead. The two newcomers are the engineer, who lets you take shortcuts via tunneling and specializes in consumable items in combat, and the hunter, who lets you scan enemies, revealing their stats and granting a damage boost against them. Of course, just like FF1, you only get to pick four. Picking my four from those eight proved to be one of the most difficult choices I've made in my gaming life. I won't tell you what I picked; I'd rather not influence your choice.The game itself seems to have a strong emphasis on building your party the way you want. No part of character growth is automated; you get to control it all. Your characters learn skills by accumulating skill points in the same way you gain xp, then spending them on the skills you want. Even when your characters level up, nothing happens immediately; rather, your character gains a pile of stat points which you can allocate as you choose. As a result, combat is less about the exact skills you use in combat and more about how your built your characters. This can potentially be a very bad thing; if you suddenly reach a boss who consistantly wrecks your face, it may be a sign that you built wrong. On the flip side, it can reduce the grinding you need to do to get past a problem boss. If it deals exclulsively physical damage, just level up once and dump all your points into physical defense."
76561198033617861,Recommended,266230,18419841,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Marianojoey,"This game has an interesting story, and a very good and innovating (for an RPGMaker based game) level up system. And it works on Linux based systems pretty well (in my case, even better than in windows). :D"
76561198202324216,Recommended,266230,14280428,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sylyana,"I absolutely loved this game! I always enjoy games that give you lots of choice regarding extra content, so I happily spent hours doing various quests and exploring Terra. The story was solid, there were lots of fun puzzles, and conversations with townspeople changed based on how far along you were in the game. The numerous synthethis options were awesome, too!"
76561198076510989,Recommended,266230,14286295,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,andysrgnt,"Amazing game, best RPG i've played in a long time."
76561197989408638,Recommended,266230,15283316,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ironseraph,"very good rpg, plays a lot like final fantasy 1."
76561198067784172,Recommended,266230,16708738,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,TomTheChaOne,"Any fan of squaresoft's golden age clinically needs this... It nailed absolutely every fun aspect of top down rpg's, from character and party customization to providing a world packed with treasure, monsters and quests to explore.It also added a few features not standard for JRPG's to improve/streamline the experience, such as selecting random encounter rate and multiple difficulty levels for those who enjoyed the crushing difficulty of classics such as FF1 on the NES (more recent ports would make it easier).Overall, at a cheap price point, you'll get more than your money's worth with the hours of content Last Dream provides."
,Recommended,266230,16850971,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Zadorrak,"Absolutely love the game. Story is immense and the gameplay/combat is solid. There is much replayability because of the m any different class combinations, and that along with the countless achievements can lead to a very long and enjoyable play time."
,Recommended,266230,17409844,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,BahamutKaiser,Incredible game made in the likeness of classic JRPG yet elevated quality.Anticipating more :)
76561198065529125,Recommended,266230,17688511,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Abdiel106,"This is simply an excellent game for fans of old school RPGs. Take the simplicity and joy of old school Final Fantasy battle system, add in a plethora of mini-games, open world, and other great activities, top it all off with different character classes and vast customization of party and characters, and you have Last Dream.This game has kept me enthralled through hours of game play and two different party setups. I'm playing a completionist run this time, but I'm excited to create a different party and run through the game again at a later date. It is just that much fun.I bought this game for $10, and I have gotten more enjoyment out of it than I have from games that I've payed $30-60. Seriously, if you like pure RPG experiences, this is the game for you."
76561198101086252,Recommended,266230,19153816,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Lambtr0n,"After looking through many RPG maker games, The Last Dream was the game I loved and spent the most time on. The aspect of being able to select through 8 different classes was the most fun which most RPG maker games on steam I played didn't have.This variety in selection really pulled me in and I began to test, ending up with 4 knights in my first game on very hard. Without a healer it was pretty tough, but after buying countless amounts of potions, my knights were able to defeat monsters without losing any hp, regardless of their low armor value.Absolutely recommend this game."
76561198014650167,Recommended,266230,21948725,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,azag_thoth66,"I love old school turn-based jrpgs. I occassionaly search for them on steam, but very rarely find a high quality classic rpg with all the features that I like.These are the features it has that I love...-Big world with lots to explore-The storyline does not break up my party (I hate when they do that)-Side-view turn based combat-Create your party of 4 from 8 different jobs-buying skills is fun, I get to save up for the ones I want most.-plenty of stuff in game to spend money on-lots of side stuff to do besides the main storylineI'm also happy to see that this game is still supported with new patches, with an expansion coming soon."
76561198088922553,Recommended,266230,17159900,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Ginyu,"This is one awesome rpg. There is so many things to do. Fishing, bounties, and treasure everywhere! If you like turn-based rpgs this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,266230,12411372,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,rnzr,Awesome tribute to early JRPGs!
,Recommended,266230,17293990,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Artek,two thumbs up! I love good old fashioned rpgs. Was unable to play due to lag but the developers delivered =) I voted for this on greenlight and now i can enjoy it to the fullest
,Recommended,266230,17481976,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Uselper,Maybe the best RPG I've ever played.
76561197991391480,Recommended,266230,18561615,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,wyldrose,"A classic-style JRPG that *runs on Linux*! Runs great, even. Lots of achievements, optional casual friendly settings (low difficulty, save anywhere), and plenty of content."
,Recommended,266230,19439524,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,'shigueo,"One of the best RPG's I've ever played.• ♥♥♥♥ing epic history• Awesome mechanics and spells and a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥you can do with different classes• The puzzles are great, not too hard, not too easy.• The side quests are useful, a lot of games that I've played side quests are just a waste of time for hardcore players, but in this game, you will probably need to make some quests to kill some bosses• The side quests are fun and you can enjoy it as much as the main historybuy that, trust me, Im asian"
,Recommended,266230,17670619,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,(M3) EvilDustMan,"I wouldn't say Last Dream has replayability. I wouldn't even say that Last Dream has a great deal going for it.I definitely wouldn't pay 10 dollars for Last Dream. (250 is incorrect, I left the game on a lot, it's closer to 30 hours)That having been said, if you want an old school RPG that takes an interesting twists and sets up some challenges while hitting all the normal RPG buttons, Last Dream is it.One of my favorite things about Last Dream is the class system. You have 4 slots and 8 choices. Each of the 8 choices has a general role to fill. Also, the ones that are more hybrid and less powerful have travel powers that help streamline the game or make things easy earlier. Just trying to figure out what I wanted to play as took me several hours.The story is pretty meh, the quality of graphics, also meh, I believe it's all stock standard. Music is public domain. And yet, I find myself really enjoying this game. Unlike many RPG maker games, the game design really shines here, and I feel it more than makes up for the lack of other bits."
76561198117172937,Recommended,266230,13750727,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,**HOWDYHOE**,"This game is amazing and i recommend that you get it as soon as possible. Last dream will occupy you for hours and is so easily replayable over and over again and i can't recommend enough if like me you're a fan of old retro RPG's. I love everything about it! The graphics, sound track and gameplay are all precious to me, so invest in it and enjoy XD"
76561198243237920,Recommended,266230,18055696,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Mr Friendly ™,"ok so ive not played this type of game in around 10years I think the last game i played like this was pokemon and you actually forget how good these type of games are, so if you bored and looking for a game to kill some time its deffo worth giving a go and for a measily £2.79 you cant really complain."
76561198025865879,Recommended,266230,32102842,Posted: 1 June,all,Siegfried Dubhy,"TL;DRMe like!I hate RPGMaker games.... I absolutely hate them. They usually seem like a lazy attempt at telling a story. Often using only stock graphics/sounds/music/mechanics... Usually telling original stories of varying quality.But this one... hmm... I got Last Dream near it's release a few years back. Started playing, it seemed decent, had a fun twist in the mechanic (leveling up and point distribution - ... I love leveling up in RPGs). Played it for 12h back then, it felt nice, but then I stopped playing...Recently I got a hint of the expansion, so I decided to replay the game... And whoa... this time it wasn't decent, it was great!Recent years were very disappointing to me as a JRPG fan, all the big titles that I was expecting turned out to be awful. LD gave me what I needed, a good solid JRPG experience that was neither overcomplicated (both in mechanics and story) nor was it too shallow. It hit exactly that sweet spot.Pros:- the main story is simple, yet solid and satisfying, the backstory in flashbacks is very amusing (also fun to see the main character do things that seem chaotic or just irresponsible)- skill and stat system - also simple, but gives you quite a few possibilities to build up your characters- speed up button is something I now want in every single game (takes a lot of tediousness out of JRPGs) (skipping things also rocks)- all those options to make the game a bit more casual (like saving game anywhere) are very comfortable- nice to see original graphics and music (even though some gfx isn't of the highest quality and I'm not a fan of using classical music in games), at least it shows the authors did try to make the most of the game- it tickles my OCD (collections, checklists and great guide to help with it)Cons (theres always a few)- it tickles my OCD way too much...- RPGMaker- a few minor problems with controls (button matching/mashing shows default button icons, not a part of the main game, and rarely used in additional quests, easily solvedby using a gamepad or defaults)- Snow Slug - I'm not doing it... no sir...- played it on normal only, but the enemies don't seem too diverse, but the same goes for pretty much every JRPG out thereOverall I'll give it something between 6/10 and 7/10 for the pleasure it gave me (mind you, my top 2 fav games of all times are Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy VII, so I am very critical when it comes to JRPGs). Would love to see the team make a game on their own engine, with no limits whatsoever to the mechanics.Now... on to the expansion!"
76561198062573709,Recommended,266230,19894809,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,neoykcir,great game  with a retro feel
,Recommended,266230,18690946,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Miketopus,"Last Dream is a mixed bag. But, I would say overall it is enjoyable. The game itself draws inspiration from classic RPGs like Final Fantasy (Obviously, given the title), Lufia, and so forth. Surprisingly, even though it uses the RPG Maker medium, it does so well, and the game itself can be compared favorably to its source materials.I'd like to start with three of my favorite aspects of this game, followed by three of its largest drawbacks. Favorable items first:1. Gameplay - I was genuinely surprised how much I enjoyed the gameplay in Last Dream. You can still tell it's an RPG Maker product, of course, but there's a lot to do and experience in the game. Sidequests alone can take days. The game can be unforgiving if you find yourself in a high-level zone too early or running up against a boss monster hunt that's way above your current level, but this is actually a good point; I don't like cookie-cutter experiences where everything just happens to be about as strong as your party. There's also some enjoyable puzzles in the game... and some very unenjoyable ones. But, the ratio of good to bad is definitely leaning toward good.2. Music - Oh MAN. The music in this game is fantastic. There's unique battle themes for almost much every continent, dungeon, and boss in the game. Town music is suitably mild, with no jarring sound to draw away from exploration or just popping in to save your game. I was not expecting the quality of music in this game to be as high as it is, but it definitely rocks.3. Story - I'm actually listing story as both the best and worst of this game, and I'll explain the other half in a bit. But as far as the favorable aspect of story goes, I felt that the progression of events was mostly well done.  You can actually take a couple of approaches to several smaller details in the story, and they end up affecting some of the details of later events. I won't spoil anything, but I will say that exploration is key.And, the drawbacks:1. Story - The actual story is... well... not very original, in my opinion. Don't get me wrong, the setting is great, and there are some pretty cool characters that pop up every now and again. The cogs of the main story, however, just seem to turn from some pretty noticeable force by means of deus ex machina. Again, this isn't necessarily deviating from the source material, but I felt like the main storyline was just something the game punished me with occasionally when I finished sidequest chains. I wish the main story had more to offer me.2. Length - Sort of hand in hand with the previous item, a lot of the game felt like it was drawn out farther than it had to be. I love a long and involved game that has good reason for eating up sixty hours of my life, but a lot of this game's main storyline felt like busywork. Also... I really wish the dev team had decided to add a skip option for the ending credits. The staff definitely deserves recogintion, but after beating the game a couple of times I end up just making myself a mixed drink and reading a book while I wait fifteen minutes for the credits to finish.3. Moa - I don't often call out things specifically when they usually just seem like minor details, but the Moa section of the game was easily the most annoying and pointless portion of the entire package. I know the game is inspired by Final Fantasy, and that's great. But, to literally throw chocobos into the game world, rename them, and then force the player to do everything that FF7 already did in order to make them useful seems like an unusually poor decision on White Giant's part. I feel it also made the Hunter class laughably pointless, and easily the most useless of the available class choices.Phew, long review. Again, overall, I found this game has more to recommend it than not. I would recommend trying it yourself to see what you think. I believe the developers have also mentioned a Last Dream II being in the works, so I'll be keeping an eye on that to see how it's coming along."
76561198025786911,Recommended,266230,13492505,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Asterai,"I am not a huge fan of JRPGs, but this is a wonderful little adventure.Every character has unique dialogue, much of which changes as you progress the main story or side quests.  There are hidden secrets tucked away in every town.  There are treasures hidden behind every locked door.It's charming, it has a wealth of achievements for completionists, and is flexible enough to accommodate many kinds of gamer.  Micromanagers and those who don't really care, hardcore speedrunners or story-mode players, there is something for everybody here."
76561197972396519,Recommended,266230,13208763,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,shadow,"Great game.  Reminded me of my 10th BDay playing through FF1, enjoying every minute.  It was exactly what I was looking for."
,Recommended,266230,16335192,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,stevenberling,Quite Fun!  It is definitely a throwback to old school RPG's from my youth.
,Recommended,266230,15136413,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,Keeping this one REALLY short:Like Final Fantasy? Like JRPG's? Yeah? Then this game is for you ;D. It's like Square Enix decided to make a 2D Final Fantasy again. In my opinion this is the best RPG-Maker game out there! Only complaint i have is that you have to grind a lot to progress in the game. If that doesn't put you off than this game is for you!
76561198093134864,Recommended,266230,13552496,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,GUGU GAITEIRO,"AWESOME GAME! The best 2014 JRPG imo, the soundtrack is great, the design has its charm and the story is so envolving and atmospheric, i'm waiting for last dream DLC! ty for such a good game devs"
,Recommended,266230,13462535,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Eno_Code,"I recommand this game to those who enjoyed classics JRPG games like the old Final fintasy games. WHY? Because >>- It has an intersting skills set , and a unique leveling system ( which gives you more freedom  to develop your characters' stats in any way you like )- A vast and rich world where you can roam free with different environments and settings- A good crafting system and a variety of content to experience ( like solving puzzles, fishing, and treasures hunting)This game worth its price, you won't be disappointed."
76561198090514931,Recommended,266230,13291026,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,emaildlk,"This game is a love letter to final fantasy 1 through 6. If you like any of those than you have to play this game. I have played for about 8 hours so far and I am really liking this and it is somewhat of a departure from Final Fantasy because it allows you to apply increases to all your stats when you level up which allows for some freedom. You have to be somewhat intelligent on how you apply the increases depending on your party and the variety is there since you can pick any combination of classes just like in Final Fantasy 1. If you want all black mages you can do that. But balance is also important. You even get an upgraded version of each class just like in Final Fantasy 1.The references to Final Fantasy are also everywhere in this game. This game also does not reinvent the wheel or do anything all that fancy but if you yearn for the old days of Final Fantasy when things were a little more simple and grinding was the order of the day then this is the game for you.Combat is the same as FF too. Random Encounters that go to a different ""battle screen"". Using strategy is sometimes important and buffing abilities are extremely important especially in boss battles. The combat is not too challenging and as long as you understand the way each class works and there strengths it is pretty easy.This game definitly caters to a niche fan base and as such may not be the best for people that are not fond of old school JRPGs."
,Recommended,266230,9541908,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,0ero the Hammer Slayer,"Went through the tutorial found out a bunch of cool stuff went into the sewers to fight monsters, first battle my hunteress died by slimes, got out and tried to talk to people, they said I stink. Cleaned off in the pond, talked to someone and got a fishing pole. Went to church and ressurected party member, went to inn to heal and chose the option ""insist I stay for free"" inn keeper calls the guards and a battle starts. Can't escape, guards kill me in two turns. Didn't save. Have to redo. Go to load my last save to see if auto-save. Two other game files on there. Wut?10/10 would reccomend so far."
,Recommended,266230,9953783,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Maticolotto,"This game was made using RPG Maker. Some people consider those games to be a joke just because of that fact. This game isn't and is far superior to many other RPGs which weren't made using that tool.THE GOOD:* The level of customization in this game is excellent. You can choose your own 4-character party from a total of 8 classes and build them in any way you wish (you assign stat and skill points). There is a lot of strategizing to be done in how you choose your party and how you build it.* Variable difficulty levels. I played on Hard and it was just right for me. If you dislike a challenge, there are much easier difficulty levels; likewise, if you want to be truly challenged, there are harder difficulty levels.* A lot of content and sidequests. Really impressive, it's definitely a lot!* Puzzles that are reminiscent of Lufia 2; but optional to complete the game.* Engaging and interesting story.* A fair amount of post-game content (although getting to, and beating the final boss is rather challenging by itself).* The amount of achievements is incredible. Sure feels like there is a lot, maybe too many, but it still does feel pretty good to earn one.* There are flaws and exploits in the game's system, but strangely enough, they seem to be intentional. For example, fishing can net you a lot of money and healing items that are simply awesome; Monks can deal an absolutely astounding amount of damage; and some others I won't say. The reason I feel this is positive is because I found the process of finding them and using them very fun, and I know that in the highest difficulty it's going to be very challenging.THE NOT SO GOOD:* The Abyss dungeon is a little uninteresting, in comparison to, say, the Ancient Cave in Lufia 2 (which was definitely an inspiration).* I feel the world map is a little too large, and since there is no minimap, it's hard to get lost (you need to check the map to see where you are).* The game resolution is far too small.* I feel that stacking HP buffs is pretty ""cheap"" - I went through the game using only one HP buff, and when I finally learned I could stack them, everything else was made easy because they just couldn't kill me. With a white mage and buff items, you can easily quadruple your max HP in the late game.* The grind for materials earned from monsters can be a pain later on, when you need 10 of a material dropped by a monster that comes out pretty rarely.* There aren't enough save points in the game. You might want to choose ""save anywhere"", as going to a church to save is very time consuming.* Some of the later enemies are pretty uninspiring, and frankly there aren't enough high leveled monsters.I was skeptical when I bought this game at full price, as I really wanted to play a game of the sort. But this game surprised me positively. I spent 45+ hours in it, and still I feel tempted to play it again in a harder difficulty with a different party composition.Bottom line:* If you have played and liked Lufia 2, buy it.* If you like RPGs particularly from the SNES era, try the demo - don't hesitate.Congratulations to the developers, and I'm really looking forward to the expansion and to the next game you're going to be releasing. :)"
76561197962625472,Recommended,266230,12301332,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Stondelicious,"If you've played FF1, then you know what you're getting into.  Party of four, eight classes to choose from.  Dramatically changes your strategies throughout the game.  Non-linear gameplay (although no choices for the player) and no quest tracking.  Fishing, bounties, the arena and crafting have kept me entertained far longer than the main story.I wholly love this game and plan on playing through it several more times.  If you enjoyed FF1/2, Breath of Fire series, even Dragon Warrior III (or earlier), grab this game!!P.S. - Last Dream has many nods to the FF that inspired it.  Cid exists.  The Ice Cave has mobs that insta-kill you.  You have to travel through a volcano that has lava floor.  Silver Sword is kind of a big jump for when you get it.  Masamune can be equipped by everyone.  Giant Moas (Chocobos)."
,Recommended,266230,12587769,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,radditsu,"A fine game, worth the money. Good job guy."
,Recommended,266230,12643703,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,If you are a fan of the old school Final Fantasy give this title a try you wont be disappointed.
,Recommended,266230,10926715,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Seraph,This game is even better than the games it is ripping off.
,Recommended,266230,9510789,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,NormireX,"So, yes this is a game made with RPG Maker. This is the first I have ever supported an RPG Maker game with my money. Got it during the $5 sale.When I first started playing I was not impressed. The story and everything that happens in the beginning is just poorly written and makes no sense really. The main character is warped to another dimension and befriends someone named Dante almost immediatley and the main character just goes along with him as if it is no big deal and does not mention those he left behind until an hour or so into the game. It was a very rough start for this game for me.I decided to not give up on it just yet. I continued playing and the more I played the more I started liking it and that is mainly due I think in part to the flashback cutscenes and leveling my characters up assigning stat points and skill points. It became very addictive.Graphically on full screen alot of the textures are muddy, would have been nice if this was designed with HD 16:9 displays in mind. But it doesn't look too horrible though.The soundtrack is a bit hit or miss. Many tracks are great but some are just classic compositions redone with metal riffs and other such nonsense. Don't get me wrong I like that stuff, just would have liked to have heard more original music. Also you can hear a click after some loops/songs. But other than a few issues the soundtrack is fine.I would definitley recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of the old 8 and 16-bit RPG's from back in the day like Final Fantasy 1, 2, 3 and the Dragon Warrior/Quest series.Again the game has a rough start but after you get past that and start playing more it kind of gets it's groove and feels like a good ol' RPG should.As of right now I would give this game a 6.5/10. It's pretty average, nothing to write home about, but if you are looking for a new classic style RPG to play then I would recommend trying the demo and then pick it up if you like it. It's not bad at all, and it has some nice puzzles to solve as well."
,Recommended,266230,10057363,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,tylerjwarren,"I will say recommend, but I'll admit it's a weak recommendation.  i've enjoyed the game so far and this game does a lot of things right, but suffers in some critical areas.  It seems the designers put no limit on what the game was going to be, so it tries to be everything at the same time and falls slightly short of pulling them all off.  The economics in the game are not balanced and most gold (at least early on) comes not from direct battle, but from selling the additional drops from enemies.  Equiping each character to their level becomes nearly impossible.I love the number of options for character class selection, but this too suffers under it's own weight, so many classes and special abilities that they overwhelm the player.  The mapping is pretty weak.  There is also an unexplainable lag in the overworld as you walk.  It is most notible when you enter a town or small building and suddenly goes away.I do like the game and I like the use of RPG Maker to create it, but I wish they had targeted less options and made them great, rather than an enormous number of options that still need to eb refined and balanced."
76561198196514867,Recommended,266230,28118554,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,angotti81,"For those that like the early final fantasy games, especially the first.I really enjoyed this game.  Sure it was made with RPGMaker, but you can tell a lot of thought and work was put into making a long sweeping adventure.  The beginning is where I'm sure a lot of people get hung up and I too almost stopped playing myself.  Like a new pair of shoes, just try it out for a few days, and you'll grow to love it.  Once I got addicted I spent nearly all my free time with it.Pros:-Long main quest-Well thought out map, great use of assets to create unique environments-Plenty of sidequests including racing, fishing, mine carts, etc.-Well designed puzzles-Each class is unique yet well balanced-The battles too are well balanced.  Good pacing after a frustrating beginning.-Ability to choose encounter rate, difficulty etc.-Has an excellent online guide if you get lost-Has controller mapping.  Got my PS3 controller to work on my mac-something many games don't do-Good customer service.  Got a reply within 24 hrs for an issue I'm having-Truly reminds me of the first Final FantasyNeutral:-Some of the sidequests and puzzles are nearly impossible on a keyboard.-user is not given a whole lot of direction.  It's easy to wander into harder enemy territory and get owned by a random encounter.-A relatively complex leveling system that takes some time to get used to.  Also the menu is anything but concise.  Might be confusing to some.-Music is pretty good, but sometimes has heavy metal riffs which seem out of placeNegative:-No central character, nor character development.  You're using four mutes that happen to be good at killing things.-Story is pretty thin-Graphics are uneven.  Some of the enemy sprites are amazing, while others are super pixelated or drawn in a very different style.  In other words it really shows that these are just RPGMaker assets, and it's a shame some are bad and don't fit.  Check out the super boss Colossus walking around the world and you'll see what I mean.-The beginning is the hardest part.  Because there are no life potions and no one has learned the life spell, when someone dies you have to trek back to town to save them.  And if you're already beat up you can gat taken out by random encounters.  Plus since you haven't raised your agility you have no chance of running.  In fact...-You cannot run from enemys at your level- This is a problem on a bunch of RPGMaker games.  Because your dex/agi will never match 5-6 enemies, you're screwed.  This sucks for exploring so...save often!Once you get into it the game is quite addictive.  I just wish I cared about the characters more.  I think your main charachter should have had dialog, started as a jack of all trades you shape into the class you want, and been involved in the story more.  Hell even the three sidekicks could have been fleshed out and assigned to classes like final fantasy 5.But other than that, it is a fun game well worth the price.  Just grind a bit in the beginning and you'll see.  If you enjoyed the early FF titles it's almost a guarrentee you'll love this game.If I had to score it I'd say 8.5/10"
76561198025278011,Recommended,266230,16346096,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,snow_clone,"Holy moly, what a game. Absolutely epic. There is TONS to do in this game, and the replay value is enormous. Don't try to dive right into the harder modes without familiarizing yourselve with some of the subtlties or things will become gruiling quickly. That said, all JRPG fans should do themselves the favor and get this masterpiece."
76561198006556070,Recommended,266230,18067025,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,exodus747,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good it is past words but I will try to keep it short and simpleif you liked FF1 - FF6 thisis not a clone but you are going to like this gameif for some insane reason you dont know if you will like it get he demo you can use your save file in the full versionthe puzzles are all pretty much optional that I have seen so far
,Recommended,266230,17914144,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,-Hi,"Tried to go for the achievement ''The Ultimate Challenge''.Ended up losing 16 hours because I fell in lava and forgot to heal up. (I thought I was immortal, the enemies did 1 hp dmg, but got ambushed.)I hate this game.But if you're not an achievement ♥♥♥♥♥ like me, feel free to get this game, it's one of the best RPG games I've ever played and you will have a great time playing through this. I've played through it multiple times just because I wanted to try new classes and just have fun with weird combos.A really great game and it's worth every cent."
,Recommended,266230,11223762,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,LeMontagne,I truly enjoyed the game however there is almost no story and the crafting system is tedious and confusing
,Recommended,266230,14117861,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Flangalang1,"This game is really good, the controls take a bit of getting used to, but then the game is a blast. It offers so much variety with the combos of classes and abilities, and really grabs the style of an old JRPG like Final Fantasy."
76561198052349830,Recommended,266230,12486238,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,boonybear95,if you're someone that likes the final fantasy tactics games I highly recommend this game is based on the style of the final fantasy team tactics somewhat the same type the characters and storyline but the plot differs in some different ways it reminds you of the school graphics the only thing I don't like is when it tells you okay in a load of and full-screen you have to hit F5 and it gives you a bigger version but not quite a screen is also really good and able to use a joystick and Xbox style or the PC basically very fun game play for lots of hours and you cannot deviate the very cheap price specially if you're one to old-school RPG's
,Recommended,266230,9536092,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,crouchtastic,"At first glance it looks like a great game ut once you have launched it, it quickly becomes hard to navigate. There is no clear control system and there isn`t much help out ther or those who want to find out more. It might jut be me but i cant rap my head around the controls. However that said, it is still a lot of fun and visually pleasing with it`s old feel to it and with good gameplay, but the controls leave something to be desired."
,Recommended,266230,9631379,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Classix,"If you are a fan of SNES style RPG's then this game is an absolute must have. Enjoying this game quit a bit, have a few complaints. You don't really have any story line attached to your characters. You just kind of pick 4 random classes and go with it. The attachment that I have had to characters in old SNES RPG's was a cool thing, but it's not in this game, which doesn't mean the game isn't still really good. My other complaint is there is no map, or at least none that I've come across, and this world is pretty large. Have spent awhile just wandering around not always knowing where to go."
76561197993334229,Recommended,266230,10940307,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Trevize,This is a standard JRPG game. It doesn't have any particularly amazing features but don't get me wrong. It's amazingly good at what it is. It's kept me excited and entertained throughout the story. There are tons of side quests to take up and different activities to do from crafting to fishing to moa racing. Lots of tributes to old RPGs too. I especially like the leveling system. When you level you get points to put into any attributes you want so you completely customize your team. I like to play very defensively so I put a lot of points into defense. No one can hit me now. It takes longer to kill enemies but I can wander around the dungeons forever.
,Recommended,266230,12477903,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,TremorPV,"This is a great game. If you liked any of the older Final Fantasies (I-IV), this is right up your alley.The combat system is typical turn based JRPG. You control how you level down to each stat choice, and 8 different classes to choose from means your party has a large number of combinations to try out.The game world is very vast and there is quite a lot to explore. It's RPGMaker, so you get what you get, but aside from those limitations,The music is diverse and gives the game a great atmosphere as the song choice was very good for each location you visit.There are many mini-games to play that are fun. The world is filled with 50 puzzles, some hard, some easy, all puzzling. Racing Moas (Read: Chocobos), battling monsters in the Arena, and gambling in the casino give you plent to do alongside the side quests and main story."
,Recommended,266230,13516978,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,VG Purist,Not quite like the original Final Fantasy games but does draw some elements from them that will give you many hours of fun.http://youtu.be/QCkewQBscsg
,Recommended,266230,14915093,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Not so Black Mage,"Holy chicken alfredo!This game is awesome. I haven't been addicted to an old school rpg since... since well, Final Fantasy was actually worth being addicted to! That's a lot of years... newer age rpg's don't count cause of the difference in graphics and advancements in techology. Anyways... this game is really good.I got this game for literally a dollar cause I had a steam coupon. WORTH EVERY PENNY. Would I pay $10? Hmmm.... heck yeah. But if you're unsure, wait for a price drop, ya wallet pincher."
76561198099549439,Recommended,266230,9933589,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,geosapient,Fun game with a lot of things to do. Characters are mostly balanced with a unique feel to them.Pros:Lots of quests and secrets.10s of hours of gameplay.Character customization.Cons:Maybe too many things to do.Some puzzles are near impossible if you're colorblind without adjusting the color on screen or lots of wasted timr through trial and error.Glitch with submarine/ship interface that left me with my character sprite under water and unable to move or switch back to ship (only happened once but still had to exit the game and reload my last save).Game is oddly more difficult with a diverse party of 4 than it is with a party of 1.
76561197991084962,Recommended,266230,12250625,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,The Gunslinger,Great Game
76561198017841792,Recommended,266230,13626814,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Driftwood Gaming,"Most RPG maker games suck, this is a true gem! If you enjoyed final fantasy one this is a beautiful rendition of that type of game, The story is ok at best but the gameplay and party customization along with all of the great systems in this game are what keep me playing. There is a 700 page pdf file that comes with the game. You can tell that this is a labor of love and the guys who made this game really have my respect. This is a must have for anyone who enjoys rpg maker type games and/or the final fantasy series."
76561198105948425,Recommended,266230,9462597,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,JohnTheZaptist,Any fan of the classic Final Fantasy games on SNES will thoroughly enjoy Last Dream.
,Recommended,266230,9897753,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Tu'Yak,"Other then the very small resolution and no choice of anything else I would say the first hour of gameplay went like a traditional rpg, something great to mess around with once they add more resolutions to the game."
76561198098859579,Recommended,266230,10560718,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Unoriginal1deas,Not the first dream
76561198041995956,Recommended,266230,11204513,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,bahamut66,"Oh....so close, and yet so far away.  Last Dream I picked up on the recommendation of one of the Extra Credits writers.  In all honesty, this is a pretty good recreation of the Final Fantasy 1 experience.  You pick out of a pool of jobs to begin with, you level up and gain abilities as you go, though you choose which stats and abilities to learn and when, and you fight monsters.  The game has some great options, such as the ability to have few random encounters if you hate them or regular or heavy amounts of encounters, it has I believe 7 difficulty settings, and the ability to save anywhere, only at special places or what have you.  There are lots of options in the game and a number of intersting side quests, from fishing, to crafting, to the abyss dungeon, which is a nice throwback to other games.However, this game is hampered by a number of niggling little issues that still show it as an amateur effort compared to the RPGs it emulates.  First is the music.  What few original pieces are just meh, but usually, particularly in battle, we have rock midi renditions of classical pieces of the most cliched variety, like beethoven or handle music.  It's...jarring to say the least.  The UI is a bit clunky and feels like it needs more polish and assigning controls to other systems is a chore.  Menus for adjusting controls or the screen are hidden and if you skip the tutorial you will never find them.  And there are minor annoyances, like the game giving you very little gold and being a bit too heavy on the status ailments, which are crippling.Overall, I would highly recommend this title because it is quite addictive.  The story is pretty bleh but the gameplay is fun, remniscient of the great Final Fantasy games of the NES, and despite it's flaws it is an enjoyable experience.  Just...temper your expectations.  This is NOT a Shovel Knight.  This is a decent little RPG that is above average."
76561197988061338,Recommended,266230,12925325,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,RileyWRussell,"The sheer amount of content in this game is outstanding, especially considering the price tag. If you grew up in the 80's or early 90's playing RPG's, you owe it to yourself to pick this up. This game to me stacks up with the great RPG's we grew up playing. As good as it gets on RPG maker in my opinion."
76561198052406594,Recommended,266230,13756363,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Audigy,Amazing RPGMaker game. Pick it up if you like old-school rpg games.
,Recommended,266230,15172395,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Bernoully,"A RPG Maker game that uses many default assets, but really knows how to nail the storytelling and general JRPG experience! A must-try if you have played anything from the SNES or early PS1 era."
,Recommended,266230,14092209,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,..,9/10
,Recommended,266230,12331538,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Greyfauxx,30 hours of story! 20 hours of side quests! 50 hours of weird lag! Amd endless replayability. Seriouesly 10/10 will lag through the adventure again.
76561198010457344,Recommended,266230,27852231,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fenikas,Love thi games
,Recommended,266230,12479067,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,chronohart,"A nice dose of nostalgia. Plays like an old Final Fantasy game. Not the best control system, but that's typical of RPGMaker games and it's not terrible, just takes some getting used to."
76561198065789532,Recommended,266230,12271065,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Agrarian_Miner,"I like these old school style RPG Maker games, but most of them kind of fall flat of what they should be.  They lack basic quality of life improvements, or are glitchy.  This one seems a lot more polished then a lot of the other ones on Steam."
76561198050309784,Recommended,266230,12294337,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Darkstar_X,Very solid classic jrpg style game. Damage balance is a little off since it is 4x attack - 2x defense making hits either blow up your characters or just hit for 1 with little room in between.
,Recommended,266230,14924311,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Ariako,"If you have ever fallen in love with old style JRPGs such as Final Fantasy 1-6, then this game is a must buy.  It revamps old ideas with a more modern spin, and elaborates with clarity that can only come from a true fan of the genre.<<8/10>>  Worth it :)"
76561198009267149,Recommended,266230,13414121,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,☆M4j!k[x]☆,Brings me back to 1991... So so so just classic RPG... 10
,Recommended,266230,12178943,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,WillySmits,"Last dream is the epitome of classic JRPG fashions that intrigue and poke at your nostalgia senses. It brought me back to my wee lad days of wonder and let me relive those old glory days of Golden Sun and Chrono Trigger. If it weren't for the fact that I lost my save file and irked myself into a frustrative hiatus, I would be back in the fro playing this gem."
76561198056170629,Recommended,266230,15517425,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,FATALexodus,"Old school RPG with all of the best new elements of most RPG's out there.  Easily replayable, very customizable, good portion of it becomes open world. A few spelling errors.... wish the fighting had memory lock so that I ddidnt have to re-direct my character again to the same creature he just attacked last round."
,Recommended,266230,15245330,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,MPO,"The game respects you enough to allow you to tweak every part of your experience and make it perfect.  Must-buy for fans of old-school Final Fantasy games.Don't get the Deluxe Edition, since it doesn't contain the actual soundtrack.  Instead, find it in the BGM folder."
76561198036152216,Recommended,266230,15084748,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ra's al Ghul,"If you enjoy an oldschool RPG thats open world with a pretty decent storyline then this game is for you.  The graphic's are kinda meh.... but I have enjoyed my time playing this.  It can get a bit grindy from time to time and some of the puizzles can be a bit rough, but what gamer doesn't like a challenge?"
76561198058000549,Recommended,266230,17167528,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Albino Hellraiser,"For being free, this game is wonderfully detailed and expansive, with varied classes and many hours of gameplay. It's ideal for anyone who still loves those old-school, 8-bit RPGs from the days of SNES."
76561198024502690,Recommended,266230,31775800,Posted: 15 May,all,Hoptite,👍
76561198068439332,Recommended,266230,14487513,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ludwig Schwarzhelm,"Great game, still playing it, much diversity in terms of how you comp your team. My only complaint would be the grind, i just got off the 1st continent and im level 15, you stop learning new abilities at level 20. now im assuming theres either not a level cap and you keep going without adding more skills but if that were the case i would still like to see some skills post level 20 added even if its just a few ""ultimate"" skills that have a very large SP cost to learn. But i digress the game is very retro, the game is exceptionally fun and the story is kind of plain but there are dozens of side quests and places to explore making up for any short comings in the main story. overall 4/5 from me, highly recommended and cheap retro style rpg with a couple hundred achieves, well worth the price."
76561198022650165,Recommended,266230,13268585,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Funkatron,and the music is really good too
,Recommended,266230,17430073,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,FuelRat1988,"If you're a fan of the old early 90's RPG's like I grew up with, then this game is for you. An incredibly detailed game that, though the story line is a little basic (like most in this genre) it more than compensates with adequate side missions and quests along the way. The game was addictive. The soundtrack was fair, but I did expect a little more out of it. It was an orginal for sure. The developers surely put in a lot of time to make the game interesting, challenging, insightful, and incredibly fun. If this is your type of game, get it! You won't be sorry."
76561198157201361,Recommended,266230,34430630,Posted: 22 August,all,Mineswee,my review got deleted and I'm going of my initial impression that I can remember which is it wasn't great but it was ok
76561198003034155,Recommended,266230,32235102,Posted: 7 June,all,Morgit,Best RPGMaker game ever.
76561197972437090,Recommended,266230,12296141,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Maestro4202,"Really fun little game for 4$.   Graphics are definitely old school style and colorful.   Word to the wise: You WILL need to get a firm grasp on the basic elements to succeed well at it.  The in game tutorials are huge and a must.  That said, if your characters aren't powerful enough to proceed in the story, you can always improve them with easier enemies until you're ready to move on.If you're looking for a great old school RPG that has character, charm, excellent gameplay that will take up absurd amounts of your life, look no further!"
,Recommended,266230,13026952,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ilitarist,"Main problem with the game is it's obviously and blatantly cheap. The writing is uninspiring, some of the music is metal version of classics. Irritating.Unlike most RPGs, this game allows to create your own party of faceless characters and to screw up their levelup progression.Level design, battle system and puzzles look much better than the rest of the game though. Nostalgic. Enjoyable."
76561197981176523,Recommended,266230,9502247,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Isalon,"First off I'd like to say that due to an update, there was an issue with save games. Players are burning the game creators at the stake for this and it's somewhat fair, but also somewhat unfair. I think that this is simply a once in a lifetime fluke and won't happen again. (Right? .....RIIIIIIIIGHT????)Having said that, this game is perfect. It has a great leveling and intriguing skill tree system. The story is great, the music is fantastic, and it has oodles of secrets if you're willing to look for them.I would suggest this game to anyone that enjoys JRPG's and misses the good old days. For anyone looking to get into RPG's this is a great launch point, just be prepared for a small learning curve as you're able to level up your characters however you wish.Good job guys. Money well spent. :-)"
76561198088895022,Recommended,266230,22135472,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,LiamRose,this game killed me within 10 mins. i need to get better11/10
,Not Recommended,266230,10084680,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Lavaman,"Many appear to be saying that this is one of the best JRPG games that they've ever played. Despite only playing for about an hour, the initial impression that it leaves on me isn't a good one.From an RPG game, I expect a likable and exciting story line that captivates me and just makes me sit on the edge of my seat in anticipation as to what's going on next. This is because most well-written stories have the player empathize with the characters on screen, and make the player feel motivated to reach that end goal. This game, not so much. You have no clue what's going on, and it never really explains. There's no apparent end goal from what I can see, and the only goal thrown to you at the start is one you could care less about: saving a person's daughter who you have no connection with or have never met.Next up: controls. They suck. I've heard some stuff that the mapping for controls on an XBOX Controller is terrible and awkward, but I'm focusing on the keyboard, as that's what I've used. It's uncomfortable and awkward. It's strictly keyboard usage, which means you can't use the mouse at all, so navigating through menus in a pain to me, because I'm more used to using the mouse. Perhaps I'm just being picky, but the controls for the keyboard aren't the best, and it took me about thirty minutes just to figure out how to select and name my characters.The last thing I'm going to touch is how difficult this game is. Now, a challenge in any game is good, and defeating that challenge makes it even more rewarding in the end because you feel as if you actually conquered something. In this game, it's cheap. All monsters do so much damage, while you can only do anywhere from 1 - 10 damage to them, depending on the class type. And you don't get any special abilites or skills to start with, either. That means every class you picked is basically just a stronger or weaker character that only has one attack. So, it makes it hard to get anywhere in this game, because in the beginning, you're getting your butt handed to you by a low level slime. This is why I have only played an hour on this game, because I can't get over this hill which prevents me from completing a battle and earning XP.This game was a real disappointment to me. I'm sorry that I haven't played more of it to get a bit of a feel for the game, but as I've said, the initial hill to pass to actually beat monsters effectively is too steep to climb. That's why I can't recommend this game to anyone, and those who believe this game is actually worth $10, I'm afraid you're wrong in my eyes. It could have been done much better, but this was made in a $70 program that you can get on Steam, so I doubt much coding was really needed.Thank you for reading my review."
76561198001616543,Recommended,266230,17485037,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,JAGAMER,"Played the game on hard, boy was it hard. Had my team kitted up to the teeth by the time i got to the next town which took me over 3 hours... i read this was a hard game but i thought 'Wouldnt wanna touch legendary'Finally worked out how to apply attributes. kicking butt now.- Beautiful RPG, i usually like decent graphics but when the game runs so nicely graphics tend to get overlooked. Like all other comments, if you loved the old SNES/Ps1 RPGS youll love this."
,Not Recommended,266230,26497474,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,JoMYoung,"I usually love rpgmaker games but this game lacks direction, you have puzzles that don't have any instructions you just have to fumble about until you work out what needs doing, you have a dungeon early on that won't allow you to escape from battles, if you aren't going to allow it them don't give the option and you have fishing and crafting which don't appear to have any relation to the sory.  Early in no mp potions available either to buy of find so the only way to refresh this is to exit any dungeon and visit an inn.  Don't know if there will be any later on because I gave up after I obtained the first relic and tried the afore mention dungeon.If you don't have the basic quest log then everything else on the menu is a bit of dressing that's a bit pointless in my book.Giving option to level your chars and also skills assignement is tedious, one or the other would be great but you need to remember to go into the menu and access two different options to get to these.I get the impression that the dev tried throwing everything but the kitchen sink at the game hoping players would love the idea of having all these bells and whistles.  For me I'd have preferred they concentrate on the story and the main quest with a few side quest thrown in for good measure with a good quest log so I could see what needs doing, I don't need fishing, recipe collection, puzzles that are all random and have no relation to the story but just add padding.I might try playig again but for now I'm off to find a game with a good story and a quest log."
,Not Recommended,266230,12780964,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Alucard,"Last Dream is just...generic. If it had anything that stood out positively or negatively, this review would be much longer. You know that younger sibling or cousin of yours who tries to imitate a celebrity, only to get the most basic aspects of them down and nothing else, and then when you tell them their impression is inaccurate, they say, ""It's totally spot on!"" or something similar? This game is that younger sibling or cousin, and the celebrity it's trying so desperately to imitate is Final Fantasy. Just get a classic Final Fantasy game instead. There's like 6 to choose from."
76561198104514925,Not Recommended,266230,16728760,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,☆Meowstical☆,"It is... Retro. Very very retro.The gameplay is very old fashioned and the party mechanics are...Well, to put it this way, all party members of a class look the same, and only the main character has any ties to the story(dragon quest 9 did the same... but the gameplay in that was a ton better, and you could customize your apearance)Going into other details, the story is weak(I'm on a beach... now i'm... drowning myself? and now a year later I'm a monster slayer in a new dimension? the heck?), and the visuals... Are the default rpgmaker tiles(and there's a few other things, like your hair colour changing depending on what class you select).Some people might like it, but it isn't quite my game, especially for 10$(and there's much better jrpgs that you could buy for that)."
76561197993780180,Not Recommended,266230,9750841,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,rpgarcher,"It has a pretty good core of gameplay, the problem is that damage scales too explosively with defensive stats.  If your stats are just a bit low you get one-shot all the time, and if they're just a bit high you end up taking hits for 1 a lot.  I like the leveling system, and the way they did the stats is pretty cool, but I was often swinging wildly between nearly impossible fights, and boringly easy ones (not that that isn't a problem in many RPGs, but this one has it worse than most)"
76561197976231507,Not Recommended,266230,13231446,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,CakeNom,"Far too long, not enough direction in the game. Too much pointless exploring without any purpose.Crafting is fine, except, little point in it due to fast upgrades. There's far too much farming involved in gearing up. I could go on. Just generally not a very good game. hardly a comparisson to games like Final Fantasy, Wild Arms, etc."
76561198084051668,Not Recommended,266230,15865264,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,nolankillian1,"Just was not that impressed, thought it would be a lot better"
,Not Recommended,266230,12666934,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Zefph,"This game offer big RPG Maker cities, and seems to be huge, with a lot of options. Sadly, it's very generic, has semi-boring battles, and monsters, and a dull storyline. I especially hated the world map, and often I wouldn't know where to go. All in all, there's better RPG Maker games out there. Avoid this one."
76561197972716331,Not Recommended,266230,15308819,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,serverdude1,"Not even worth the $4 I paid for this drech.  Controller support does not work, cant even get past the character selection screen."
76561198105067399,Recommended,266230,24693955,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BirdEn,"A very great game that has frustrated me, millions of times and that I refuneded it.If only the price of  the game was 1.99....10/10 would remember"
76561198025967342,Not Recommended,266230,14747086,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth,"there are many issues with ""puzzles"" in this game that are not puzzly at all but more like rip your hair out rediculus fast paced hit the key at the right time or its restart poor mechanics to me. Another side note is using a game pad or even on the keyboard when doing the little gits that require you to enter key commands the time is a little short and the up down left and right do not work when entered on the gamepad or keyboard. please fix these errors and think about actual puzzles that are thought based not can you stand the poor movement mechanics of this game to deal with these. namely pathing puzzles and the wind puzzles those are the worst. Currently not going to put a recommend or not as after about 40 hours of game play this game needs many fixes and changes to become remotely on par with what they are looking at of final fantasy  3/5.The monk class is terrible  he gets extra attacks with increasing his accuracy but by doing so each hit is weaker than the combined if you increased his strength the same amountThe cost of spells/abilities for classes is just stupidly large.  100 mana for a a revive spell is just insane given the game lacks any items to revive fallen party members. WM/GM goes down whelp no xp for them.synthing is a joke it is good if you have the parts but by the time you hunt all the mobs to get the parts to craft a piece untill diamond/adamantine you could buy better before you could craft a full set of gear for all 4 guys.critical hit is a % based stat and just becomes stupid by level 20 my knight theif and hunter had 100% and i was one shotting all mobs and devestating in the arena.I would really like to work with your team on devising a better stat and skill system as  sad to say this is good but it could be great with a little tweak and help"
,Not Recommended,266230,30531618,Posted: 15 March,all,NyappiCat,"Haven't gotten too far into the game yet, but from what I can tell it's a classic RPG game with nice music and mechanics that are easy to understand. It's a fun game, although it's not very original or unique compared to other games.Update: Played it some more just now, I gotta say the plot is not good enough to hold my interest and I've noticed the developers didn't put in enough time/effort to make their own music scores (maybe some of the music is original, but some of it is not).  You don't feel connected to the characters at all so it's hard to get immersed in the story. I don't know, I guess I expected a bit more but the graphics are lacking and you have to grind a lot to be able to afford necessary items so you don't get killed straight away by OP enemies."
76561198058839422,Not Recommended,266230,29815027,Posted: 9 February,all,Alucard Hellsing,"I tried to like this game but at this point in time it is very unfinished.There is no quest log.Very bad introduction, you have a party and dont even know it.cant see enemy health or explanation of there moves or status affects"
,Not Recommended,266230,22190553,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,IAmJakeSauvage,"I really only bought this because of the positive reviews - but I feel like something's missing here for the game to have such great reviews - but be so poorly polished...*PROS*- Choose your own party*CONS*- Convoluted story (I can't even begin to touch on how many games it pulls it's story from - and it does it terribly)- Boring AF skill system (It's literally spells like Fire 1 - Fire 8, and basic passives that just make it kind of tedious rather than exciting)- Disrespectful to the player's time - I mean there's a *lot"" of backtracking and world map travel is SO slow.- Mapping needs a lot work. Areas are rather generic, have no atmosphere or personality to them - some of the dungeons are *so* confusing to navigate due to the hallways/floors having almost the exact same layout.I mean, I got it on sale and I still regret it - so I can't say I'd recommend it to anyone else. The game tries to implement a lot of interesting things but never really *expands* on them and falls short in almost every category because of this."
76561198297189004,Not Recommended,266230,28028546,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"Not Technically a ""Gamer""","My intuition can be pretty decent, so it's pretty clear at this point that the indie dev team that released this game has basically ditched on its community, cut and run with the small revenue it makes them, and will not be coming out ever with the ""planned"" sequel or the expansion to this game. In all likelihood.Last Dream is a very, very long game and offers the 50-150 hours of a Final Fantasy or a Dragon Quest. If you took the state of the art of RPGs circa 1995 and updated and re-balanced things here and there, made it scale from super-easy to punishingly hard (the difficulty I was engaged with for all 37 hours of my play) it's be this game. But OH MY GOODNESS that taste of vanilla in my mouth.The game milks all the established fixtures of the genre, the cliches, to such an extent that it's frankly parodying them with tongue in cheek. Not as an outright spoof, but somewhat on the fence between spoofing and not spoofing. And that bothered me because I would have gladly taken a more narratively compelling exprience, with much more custom art and better art direction, even if only half as much ""playtime"" ... for me, quality over quantity. Unfortunately most everything here is rather stock RPG Maker with a BOOORING stock turn-based battle system, and probably very familiar to you if you've played any 5 RPGs before. Character customization here is great (with the awful drawback of zilch narrative development of main characters, of course) letting you create your party from scratch similar to Final Fantasy I or most western RPGs. Something cooler than a skill tree advancement would have been appreciated, as the current system offers more of a facade of choice within a given class than actual diversity, and sufficiently advanced party members end up buying all the available abilities anyway.Even the music is kind of a cop-out, as the best tunes here are just public domain Classical works (such as Satie's and Beethoven's) re-scored often as guitar tracks. Or you have annoying and amateurish compositions like a lot of the town music. OR worst of all, the atrociously bad metal music (unless you're into that). At least there's a lot of variety.Yeah there are many good things about this game too, but I'll leave it to the other reviewers on here to inform you of those. For me, this was the stalest of stale vanilla confection."
76561198025663928,Not Recommended,266230,12494025,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tenee,"Went to an area, monsters were hitting 2's and 3's. Moved to the next map, monsters are hitting 80+ same level."
,Not Recommended,266230,18244276,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Onion Knight,Holy cow this game is bad.I don't know where to begin. Lazily done and uninteresting.
76561198061443987,Not Recommended,266230,29927787,Posted: 14 February,all,orbit237,"55/100-) mediocre and at times tedious battle.-) story is common.-) little touching point.-) story development is not motivating.+) game is easy+) sometimes addictive+) puzzle is very good.summary) Only if you're old japan RPG mania who hunger for this jenre, you may get some satisfaction. But do not expect too much."
,Not Recommended,266230,9509893,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Pendulous,"I can't really play this game right now, because it gives a fantastically terrible first impression. First off, the game allows controller support, which is great, but it screws it up. The default for action confirmations is ""X"", instead of the usual ""A"" (assuming an XBox controller). There's a way to customize the buttons, but it doesn't tell you what buttons you're changing, so it's impossible. I don't know what ""button 1"" is, so I don't know what to change it to.The second is that the game only plays in a tiny window. TINY. I can't even read most of the text, and there's no options to change it. Need full screen at least.Lastly, the game brags customized characters, which is great, but when you start, none of your characters have ANY skills whatsoever. You have to grind skill points (which I like, I like an alternate reason to grind, Grandia 2 did it great), but I'm only getting 9 points per encounter, and the cheapest skill some of my characters has cost 100 skill points. Really, all four characters have nothing but an attack early on, and monsters do plenty of damage to you. And this is on EASY. I'm sure it gets great later, but I can't play it until these things are fixed.After playing a little, I can't believe how grindy this game is. Even on easy, I get to a point where I'm just getting WRECKED. And I'm a fan of a little grinding in RPG's. And I have grinded a little in this game. But even still, getting destroyed by stuff on easy after already grinding out some levels is insane. It's Japanese MMO level grinding, and it's a little overkill."
76561198046648749,Not Recommended,266230,13265560,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ol' Bread Bones,game not work good notry big game no big game come to memonster is a hard onemonster did kill ALL of my friend and then kill mei cannot say game to play you like good because game is not nice and game was not thought well by game manplease do not
76561198030194406,Not Recommended,266230,11549385,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Aronaar,"You could be thinking right now "" He has only played a handful of hours, and he writes a review about a JRPG ? Nonsense ! "" and I understand that it can seem insufficient. I will update if I find the courage to soldier on, for now, here are my thoughts.Edit : this is not a widely known game, so If you have time, please share your opinion. I didn't write this to bash the game and I'd like to see diverging points of view, instead of seeing  silent downvotes.Firstly, Last Dream is a successful hommage to the RPGs of old. Indeed you will get a (relative) vintage Final Fantasy vibe (nothing like FF6, but hey, comparing to a masterpiece would be unfair), what with the combat system and the available classes. It holds a quite straightforward approach.The gameplay is basic but allocating yourself the stats boosts at each level feels more involving, together with the possibility to unlock several skills- passive abilities, spells and special combat actions. They are numberful, reasonably varied but not too terribly inventive either. Classes themselves have a gimmick to them : thieves can unlock chests in cities, black mages can warp you out of a dungeon (even if it should be an option for all parties), beastmasters can tame chocobos, etc.The developers have been keen enough to allow the player to save anywhere and adjust the random encounters rate, as well as implementing seven levels of difficulty, wich is quite nice.Even if it's nothing outstanding, the gameplay is not at fault. The design is already a bit. Your first quest ? Saving a woman you don't know, daughter of man you barely know, by going to some shady ruins near. Yup, she has been kidnapped by bats (yes, giant bats) for no apparent reason. The ruins have basic monsters, a cheesy puzzle, no boss (save... really weak bats) and there she is rescued, just so you can have several more starting items.Oh, by the way, you are supposed to be someone from another world just wanting to go home, in training for one year and having befriended three generic individuals. It gives a bad feeling and for those four hours, I found absolutely nothing compelling about the story.None of your party member ever say anything, you are pointed in vague directions (go find two random elven relics ! Gosh, can you get more cliché than that ?) and the ""visions"" you have reveal the beginning of a generic plot "" Oh my, a demon has possesed one of the Elders, whoops we screwed up trying to banish it !""It is difficult to relate to your characters, Last Dream just doesn't offer much incentive to go on. NPCs aren't much better : your usual bunch with 80% saying either not funny, not informative or not interesting things.Now I perfectly get that for some players, smashing monsters, levelling up, exploring dungeons and getting loot is the meat of a JRPG. Even so, I think the gameplay is not deep enough to warrant a purchase.See the store page for yourself, they try to make you think the game is ever so rich, just by piling numbers over numbers : "" Look ! We have so much of element X, more of element Y and even more of element Z ! ""4000 party variations and 500 unique paths, for examples, are just smoke and mirror. You've gone to the mine before trekking to the oasis  and not the other way around ? There's a different path. It's not like branching parts of the scenario, wich would have been interesting.Yes, you are quite in a free-roaming world for the genre but it doesn't amount to much in the end.The puzzles are also not mind-bending. So far, it has been pushing rocks/blocks and levers. Hourray ?I may seem harsh, but I find the store page a bit pretentious. Four hours are sufficient to tell the narrative quality of RPG, stating that Last Dream has an in-depth, captivating storyline is simply a lie. For all I can tell, it is classic and dull, with a really poor introduction.In the end, I think you should be really craving for a simple JRPG to overlook such flaws. It's not bad game, just far from the quality it thinks it shows."
76561198081277949,Not Recommended,266230,18956941,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,kamilw25,this game is ussless
,Not Recommended,266230,14672263,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,undeadbobop♫Faint♫,"Game is broken do not waste money, it doesn't even start up, because of a error."
76561198186283217,Not Recommended,266230,31822688,Posted: 18 May,all,wicked337,"Last Dream has abysmal difficulty spikes. You can be tearing through enemies that hit you for 1 single point of damage and on the very next screen in thesame area,you will run into a mob that wrecks your entire team without warning.On top of that the combat, story, and character progression are as bland as you would expect from an RPGmaker game. There's no reason to buy this."
76561198029704509,Not Recommended,266230,12363764,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,forget this name,"i couldn't make it to level 2 because my character is trapped in the sewers perpetually running to the right, also my down arrow stopped working while i was trying to fix the right arrow.. I've tried many things to fix it, but why would i want to invest more time into this game if it could potentially bug out like this after i've sunk hours into it"
76561198020826488,Not Recommended,266230,13200083,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,johnmackhaines,not worth
76561198055760714,Not Recommended,266230,12455476,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,caligan,"Terrible keyboard controls with no reasonable remapping options.  I've tried multiple times to get used to them, but even with a cheatsheet they're wonky enough to be beyond frustrating.  It's probably a good game, but I've given up trying to find out - the controls are a dealbreaker."
76561198118741054,Not Recommended,266230,9647880,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,csdoughboy,"Despite what it says above. I'm actually about 20 hours in.And this game is boring.Everything that is supposed to make it interesting comes straight from other OSRPGs. There is NOTHING new. I know this is suppose to be a ""love letter"" to the genre, but c'mon, NOTHING NEW?!And making it big doesn't help. Making it free-roaming doesn't help. Having different music for every friggin' screen doesn't help.I had high hopes for this game cuz I love the genre, but I was eventually very let down. I hear they're making a sequel. Hope it's better.EDIT: Dec. 15, 2014So I've given this game a second chance because I really do like the genre a lot. And I have figured out why games like the early Final Fantasy titles and the Ultima games worked while this one just doesn't.In order for games like this to not bore the player to tears, there has to be a good story. There have to be compelling characters that have to develop. Or failing that, there HAS to at least be an interesting world built around the gameplay. In this game the story and the world-building very much seem to come fourth or fifth. We are introduced to the main chracter in the excellent beginning to the game, and then nothing. All of a sudden he has three friends and they're off on the quest. I like that it doesn't♥♥♥♥♥♥around with backstory before getting to the gameplay, but hours into the game there's still nothing in the way of character development and only scant flashback cutscenes for world-building.You're The Hero in A Far-Off Land and that's really about it.Without that compelling story and characters, the game really is just repetitive command-clicking. And for such a large world with so much to do in it, it gets repetitive awfully fast. This seems like an 80-hour game, and, for the second time now, I can't make it past the 20-hour mark.Zeboyd makes tongue-in-cheek OSRPGs with neat characters and mixed-up gameplay (Cthulu Saves The World, Precipice of Darkness).  Try those instead. Or go back and play some Ultima titles. Or hell, read a book!"
,Not Recommended,266230,12306602,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Emennius,Typical RPGMaker tripe. Don't make the same mistake I did and buy this turd. That's $4 I'll never get back.
,Not Recommended,266230,9507255,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,WhiteNight,"The developers's first patch destroyed whoever saved their game in first slot. Because they wanted to stealth erase the glitch saves comes with fresh install. (the 4 grey mage save which does no harm)It could have been avoided if the Devs were more competent, ""test"" prior to the hotfixes. Difficult to justify spending time on indie title when you don't know when someone would just mess up your progress.Last Deam itself is quite a nice game for oldschool RPG player, if you ever buy it when it goes on sale, I heavily recommand avoid using the first 2 slot of saves and make multiple saves of your main party. Maybe turn off cloud sync for his title so your local files will not get replaced.People have limited time to play games when you grow up and it really hurts when you end up with a title that backfires. It is a real shame when the market is flooded with RPG maker titles and I paid for a unpleasant experience.TL;DR Do not use 1st and 2nd save slot and disable cloud sync if you ever play the game."
,Not Recommended,266230,11013118,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"If this game is my last dream then wake me up please.It's not even a mediocre homage to old school gaming, it's just a convoluted disaster of tedious micromanagement and crappy menu structure...The game is visual diarrhea... You almost think it looks good but then you quickly realize it's some weeb RPG maker game with stock sprites that suck the life out of you.With a game this boring, you need something to hold on to and it has nothing going for it... Not game play, not graphics, not a story, not even a simple to use interface...It literally shames itself because it's trying too hard to want to be games the likes of Final Fantasy VI, Secret of Mana and Crono Trigger.... It doesn't even remotely live up to those titles and those games were made over 20 years ago...Just forget about this crap and go download an emulator and play any of the three aforementioned titles... PC gaming /Steam just isn't a place for JRPG's and this is a prime example as to why."
76561197993590275,Not Recommended,266230,9511642,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,illgringo74,"This game is woefully unplayable.  I can't get past the char selection screen.  When prompted to name my char. every key sends me back to the class selection screen.  except once. wtf?  The one time I managed to get the game started, I decide to  relaunch in full screen mode only to never be able to get past the naming screen, once more.  This game is either poorly made or not done.  Either way, avoid."
76561198044267867,Not Recommended,266230,11585018,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Vatenkeist,"You would require the brain of a paramecium to think this game had a good plot. A few nice references to Lufia 2, having played every RPG imaginable this game fails to recreate anything resembling a fun old school rpg for the most part, however I will give it props for the difficulty options."
,Recommended,266230,21729892,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Nazeldah,I was hooked unltill I was sleepy finally completed the game so taking a break. people say its final fantasy ripoff. i only reconized the bird. being i was late in the world of final fantasy love i didnt bother to catch up or try to play the games. exept crisis core awhile back when it came out on psp. so for me i dindint know a thing and was not ruined for me.i beleive a great job was done in the game creation. the only thing i did not like was the chanting and wisperings towards the end of the game hate it. but overall music was well compemented and i agree during my broadcast on twitch.Had a lot of fun and looking forward to the second one.....take it easy on those puzzles
,Recommended,266230,21236053,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,MasterSerious,This is the Best RPG Indie game ever! Bye bye
76561197983496416,Recommended,266230,33048657,Posted: 30 June,all,CrOnNoS,It was good. I really thought it would be better because of everything i read and ended a bit disappointed BUT the game were still good and cheap so i recommend it.
76561198119260767,Recommended,266230,34758783,Posted: 5 September,all,artamy,I've played a lot of rpg and Last Dream is the best.
76561198016603957,Recommended,266230,34673217,Posted: 1 September,all,Fibulator,"This game is best summed up with: It feels professionally made.  It's easily better than some of the Final Fantasy and Dragon Warrior games, and is on par (or close) to even the best of the 2D ones.  Not to belittle any of either franchise... this game is just that well done, in depth, polished.80 hours,  195/236 achivements,  277627 steps,  2686 saves later...I love this game.  The list of things that are great are way too long to list, and the only thing I had a problem with is the moa race with a keyboard and 2 creatures, the gyrphon and insane summon are *extremely* difficult to farm for the crafting 100% achievement.  ProTip: The lynx is found in a couple places, but only one is decent for farming... The octopus shaped area.A large number of the achivements left were impossible to get in a single playthrough.  I'm sure I'll be replaying it later, until I get all the achievements.  ^_^This game is one of those *extremely* rare gems that I say earned itself full price.  I'll be buying the sequel, and won't even bother to wait for it to go on sale."
76561198056710898,Recommended,266230,35023927,Posted: 17 September,all,Zareth,Amusing game that I keep going back to over and over. I don't know why I keep stopping but I also keep going back. So I guess it has something I want in it.
