user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198046331252,Recommended,266310,17561715,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,NarcissusLovesEcho,"I got this software for $8.99 and after watching the first Twitch video on making games, I made my 6 year old son a really simple shooter that contained zombies, barbarians, and several bazooka guys. He said it was the best game ever and is hounding me to make more levels. As a dad and a guy who likes to be creative, this is fantastic! There are some issues I ran into. A lot of them are probably due to the ancient laptop I'm using. My mouse pointer seems to be offset by a considerable margin and this makes it difficult to highlight things. I also cannot play standalone versions of games on my laptop because of an error I keep getting--but it works fine on my son's desktop computer. Finally, there is some issue where I keep getting into situations where pressing the W key focuses tighter rather than moving up. This is really frustrating. But I'm sure these issues are mostly to do with my computer specs and that this program will work just fine on a newer laptop/desktop. For reference, I have used GameMaker Pro, RPG Maker, and have attempted to learn some basic Python and Java. All of these have proved frustrating and I never really got anywhere (I have a full-time job and thus cannot devote too much time to this hobby). I certainly never got as far as I did afte a couple of hours with this software. I think the authors have done a terrific job and I am excited to see what new features/revisions they make to this program!"
,Not Recommended,266310,16542492,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Aythadis,"Do not be fooled by my hours. I did not have internet for months so Steam could not track it. I've logged in around 50 hours with this software. My review has been updated to reflect my experience with the original release (which I purchased), and the Developer version, which was provided by the Devs.Version reviewed - 1.111____________________________________What is GameGuru?GameGuru (GG) is created by The Game Creators. These are the same people that made another game creator called ""First Person Shooter Creator"" (FPSC). You can easily tell as they are basically the same thing. I mostly bought this cause I mostly wanted to see if they have learned from their mistakes in FPSC, which I have used for roughly 30-60 hours (when it worked,) but could not actually produce anything due to it huge errors and problems it suffered from.GG lets you make your own First Person games. You can't go too far beyond that. You will mostly be stuck with making FPS games, as that is what 90% of this content is made towards. Comparing this to FPSC is almost 1000x better in just about every way imaginable! The most welcoming part it actually loads 99.99% of the time, and runs on new systems! FPSC is limited to running on Windows XP only, and FPSC 10x went to it's early grave and was never finished.____________________________________FeaturesGG is a ""Drag and Drop"" style game maker, which is it make it easier for beginners or young kids to make a game. You will be using pre-made assets and models to create your map/level to how you see fit. The addition of a built in terrain editor is nice as well. The sculpting tolls are simple to use. The in-game testing also has nice features, like allowing you to edit while in game! GG has a lot of features that I never expected to be seen from TGC, which is really amazing.You are also able to use SOME of the older FPSC Model packs as well, but only SOME of it. Most of the older content packs will either error out or will cause the engine to crash. They also made DLC packs to help those expand on their asset library. BE WARNED THOUGH! Much like FPSC, the model packs are nice, but they are VERY hit or miss in terms of quality. Some models look like they came from the year 2000. Same goes with any music and sounds. Also want to point out that some of the GG models and DLC include models from previous FPSC model packs.GG includes a Character Creator as well. At the initial launch, it was extremely limited and no where near finished. As of current testing, it has greatly been improved and have added in more assets to play/edit with.TGC also have an ""Asset Store"" which can be found on their website. I have not purchased much from there, so I can't say too much to what it has to offer. Much like every other Asset store though, be prepared to spend a lot of money. From what I could find, there was hardly any free items.____________________________________PerformanceDuring the initial review, this software could not run on my potato of a laptop, and only worked on my Desktop. My first run at this software was not exactly a nice one. I crippled the entire engine permanently within 7 minutes! I did not have good experience in the initial launch and because of that, heavily swayed me to tell everyone to not purchase this software.After getting access to the Dev version, I am able to run this on my potato (though at slow rates) and have been able to test out and try more things than I was able to before. I was not able to test this on my PC because of life problems, and the lack of Internet at home, so my laptop was my only choice in being able to download this and give it another try. I will say it does seem to work MUCH better and haven't had any issues in running GG. I did crash it trying to open the controls page, otherwise no other crashes or engine breaking errors.My only fault with it that I can see is the lack of ""Options/Settings"" for the engine. I was hoping I could reduce the quality or settings to help improve performance, but you can't change any settings. Since there is only 1 option setting, GG takes about 20 min to boot up on my potato, and suffers a bit of lag when I try to add lots of objects on the screen.____________________________________QualityDo you want to create a AAA Quality Video Game? Well you came to the wrong place. GG will help only the new comers to video games, or kids wanting to try out ""Simple"" game building.As quoted from Lee Bamber [DEV] ""GameGuru is more for users who want to create games quickly, have a little more fun doing it and skip the coding part if you want to. Even though it has a powerful LUA scripting system built-in, it will never replace professional games programming/modeling/design, but as an introduction to game making it's a great place to start.""I've stated before, the quality of assets/sounds tend to jump everywhere. If you have the talent though, try to use your own content. Making a game with your own creations always looks better than just paying for things. Much like any other game making software, it all takes time if you truly want to make something great.The AI still tends to be dumb and stupid. Zombies get stuck on obstacles, enemies don't always shoot at you, the typical simple AI.I have not made anything special as of yet, but I might possibly make something or other and release it on Gamejolt or ZeoGames, just so I feel I got something out of it.____________________________________My IssuesWait, after talking so much praise about this software, why the Thumbs Down? Let me explain.You see, there isn't really a ""Demo"" or ""Trial Version"" of this software. I purchased this before the whole Steam Refund policy was a reality, so I was stuck with this software. I only bought it because I wanted to see how much it faired with FPSC. As there was no Demo or Trial, I had to buy it.Now, after purchasing this software for $42 (Premium Pack when it had ALL the DLC and a discount) I felt burnt from it. As I stated I was not happy with the initial release. Most issues have been fixed since then, but I know why I don't enjoy it.To really try and explain this, I have to mention Doom Builder, which is software that I've spent hundreds, if not thousands of hours on.Let's say you wanted to build a small town square. In GameGuru you would simply drag and drop all your pre-made assets into place and place out decorations with what you had. In Doom Builder, you had to draw in everything and paste textures on everything. This is why I enjoy Doom Builder more, because I am not limited to what models I have. If I wanted to make a room and keep tweaking and changing it as I work on the game, I can do that. If I wanted to change something in GG, I have to search for a model to find something close to what I want, or try to make my own, which spoilers, I suck at modeling. This is why I PERSONALLY can't recommend this software, it's just not meant for me. I prefer being able to draw out my world/game than drag and drop. If you are like me, then you probably already use Unity or Unreal Engine (which are free.)My Final Verdict:6/10*Originally 3/10"
,Not Recommended,266310,28152139,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DStecks,"This is a scam, and should be banned from Steam.GameGuru is not a piece of game development software. It is a level editor for one of the worst FPS game engines ever, with next to zero user control of functionality beyond importing and arranging assets in the game world.It's plain to see that GameGuru's business model isn't built around being a legitimate platform for making games, but off selling assets to rank amateurs who want to play at being a game designer but don't care enough to learn to program.And no, it's not even a case like RPGMaker, which a skilled user can use at a far higher level than the hobbyists who tool around with it; GameGuru can only produce different levels for what is always going to be the same basic game.This is a worthless piece of software that preys on the people naive enough to buy it, and has no business being sold on a legitimate storefront as a piece of game dev software."
,Not Recommended,266310,14712831,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Evilworm,"Tested with 1.0.0.1, on March 1st 2015, while it is still in early access.""Now anyone can make a professional game thanks to GameGuru"" they say on their website. I would definately not buy any games made with this. Feels too much like something that should be on console.Pros:1. You will get many assets with this, so you should be able to make something within 1 hour.2. Very easy to use.3. Test your game anytime.4. Users can upload their own assets to the store.5. You get premade ""games"" to learn what you can do with this software.6. Multiplayer. Even if I didn't try it.Cons:1. Everything reminds me of something you would use on a console. Or on a pc in 2002.2. Graphics aren't very good. Ok, but not good.3. So far I think you can use LUA for scripting only.4. Most stuff on the store costs money. Just like in the assetstore for Unity.5. Editing is in 2d, except if you build your game and _then_edit_it.6. I didn't find a way to edit multiple objects, only one at a time.If you want to make your own game, just get the free version of Unity. You can make FPS games in Unity almost as fast as in GameGuru (provided you have the assets).As of today, I can't recommend GameGuru to anyone but kids. I might change that later as this is early access. You are welcome to comment on this, but I will delete any comment that I find not serious."
76561198024599399,Not Recommended,266310,32556053,Posted: 18 June,all,Baron,"Game guru is a build your own burger kit, where lettuce, tomato, and onion are sold separately each as a DLC, cheese is an expansion pack, and condiments are sold individually, by shady third party distrubuters. The best part is the bun though, where you are handed a bag of flour as complimentary content and told that you now have everything you need to bake your own from scratch. If you want fries, or god forbid a chicken sandwhich instead, you may as well just start your own separate company.To give an example, I have spent over 100 dollars on this game, and can only shoot a very basic fireball as my wizard. Thats the only spell in the entire game. It feels like someone literally just reached in and took the money out of my wallet. Graphics look like a game from early 2000s. Melee combat feels like using a knife in the first counterstrike. No block, no dodge, only 1 single attack. Just plain bad.I really wanted to like this game, but across the board its just not good. I highly recommend MyWorld instead, which does right everything that GameGuru has done wrong."
,Recommended,266310,29323847,Posted: 17 January,all,"Grandad, Mummy and Anthony","Ok so I've got some usage under my belt so it's time for a review.Firstly this is software which is very much in development, the developer is friendly and approachable and willling to supply fixes on a regular basis.  To date every major issue I've had has been promply fixed and delivered in the next release.Secondly whilst, as advertised, it is easy to create a simple FPS game, to get more out of it you will need to learn how to use the scripting language (something that applies to all game engines!)  but the TGC forums are full of useful advice and free scripts so this is not as arduous as it may sound.To show what this engine is capable of here is a video of something I have been working onhttps://vimeo.com/199487235(the video contains DLC btw and is a demonstration of what can be done by an experienced programmer with the built in  scripting language - Lua)In my opinion a game is far more than just good graphics and fancy models. Imagination, storytelling and coherent game play are all far more important to make a good gaming experience.  All of these things come from the game creator not the engine you use."
,Recommended,266310,16685842,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Gleps Logan,"Rather good game crafter. It is very comfortable to use. Graphics are pretty nice. And the thing I love most is that you can set the time of the day, weather and collor parameters. The object base is not very deep so I will mark it as 9/10."
,Recommended,266310,17362684,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Fluttershy,"Where to start with this software? Well let's start with the Pros,- Easy to use (I set up a test level in about 5 minutes, I got used to it MUCH quicker than Unity),- Smart A.I system (You can set paths, they can find you when walking around securing the area, AND they can shoot you),- Character Generator (This is the reason I loved RPG Maker VX Ace so much, you don't have to spend 4 hours creating a good looking character, think of what you want to see, find the clothes, move a few sliders to perfect it and voila a cool looking character in about 10 seconds),- Easy stacking (I know it may not sound like much but believe me, when making something ontop of a table, it is SO simple, I remember FPS Creator didn't have that),- When making a steep hill, it creates rocks automatically (again, may not sound like much but, try making a rocky cliff by hand, it's not easy, this does basically the same thing the Cry Engine does, after a certain angle it creates a rock texture),Okay, time for Cons,- Beefy computer needed (I have a decent computer nothing special, but the game lags on lowest settings so yes, you need an upgraded computer),- One level games (One thing I liked about FPS Creator was the fact you could make 1924 levels and EVERY level and I mean EVERY level would be put into the files, this you get a level, I went to create a game where you had to infiltrate a building and it would do a level transition from outdoors to the building interior, and found it only exports one level, just what I wanted The Game Creators),- The actual game runs even slower (This is an even MORE annoying thing than the last two Cons combined, because I went to load up a level that aparently passes for an .exe file, and the menu alone lagged, didn't think much of it until I pressed ""Start"", it went to the loading screen, said ""Not Responding"" and needless to say, I never got to play that game).Okay, so the Cons kind of outweigh the Pros (not in numerical value, in how annoying or good something is), but if you're a new game developer and have a good computer and no knowledge of programming, I suggest you start here, you can even play multiplayer games!"
,Recommended,266310,17828827,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,HorseyNuke(Chris James),"I have put a lot of hours into game guru and so far, I have mixed feelings about it.The updates are good. The editor has come a long way over the year and that is good to see.A lot of the proccesses are straight forward to use and you can throw together a level fairly quickly.Editing the game files is fairly easy and if you are a complete begginer with game engines this is definitely worth taking a look at.But...I cant help but feel that the direction of game-guru is slightly off.Is it a game engine? is it a game maker? yes but there are so many features missing it's difficult to call it anything more than a level creator.You are limited with customisation of terrain textures and they are not as easy to change as a lot of other editors out there.Things stop working. Features such as importing custom models can just stop working and that is only the start of the problems with importing custom content.Unless you have some knowledge of lua. you are going to run into trouble with making anything more than a basic: go from point A to B collect/ destroy something along the way and finish.Game-Guru does have some nice simple features, such as: being able to change environment settings while testing although why this option is not available while acutally in the editor is beyond me, but never the less it is easy to use.When the importer does work it is good to see your custom models in the editor to create your own custom environment.This software is WIP... there are bugs and it can be a pain but still, I'd say it's worth a go and it has potential."
,Not Recommended,266310,28232893,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Palala,"I was so hyped for this program until I actually used it.-The type of games that you can produce is very narrow in that its basically just fps.-The entities available are very limited unless you want to fork up some more cash just to be able to build a unique level.-And even if you want to get the free entities available (of which very few are available) on the website you can only download 5 free items A MONTH, because it ""proved to be very expensive for bandwidth costs.""Not kidding(https://www.tgcstore.net/faq)Also,- they don't even bother to update their interface and tutorial videos (adding a text overlay does not count guys)- and the movement controls are shoddy, working one second and screwing up the next, and then I can only move left and right and zoom in and out.Would be great if not for all these things. Super disappointed."
76561198098543811,Not Recommended,266310,30485095,Posted: 12 March,all,Baller69,"So I got this a long time ago hoping to make a cool ""game"" out of it. The truth is, this isn't a game making software, the way the developers market it. This is a very simple map designer.I can simply buy a game like Far Cry 3 (Which I already have) and I will literally have access to most of the features this has, but, woth much better graphics, AI, guns, weapon systems, sounds, and more. You can make very nice MAPS with this program, but not much else. There are very simple objective points, and mission ending points, but the mission ending point and the spawn point is about all I would use.Graphic wise, the animations aren't very good, and the engine doesn't look too nice, either. The hud is made up of basic drawings around the screen, and teh reticle is the same for every gun.This game does have some pros, though. I'll list them for you:-Multiplayer support-No copyright-The ability to share games with your friends-Easy to use interface, very little learning curve-Tutorials to help you get going-Graphic sliders-Free DLC pack to startNow, I will list the cons:-Graphics-Animations-Sounds-HUD-Simplicity-Long loading screens-Bland gunplay-Boring after first 2-5 hours-Overpriced-Basically a map designer-Games have better map designers than this-DLC pricesConclusion:This is a very, VERY basic engine that allows you to create maps. That's about it. It looks bad, and I can find much better in a game Map-Designer. This isn't a game-creating software. If you want one, go look elsewhere. This is only for younger kids who want a few hours of entertainment. This engine is nothing without the extremely expensive, and endless DLC bundles made up of what might as well be a ton of unity assets put together into a themed pack. Please don't buy at full price. It isn't worth anyhting more than $10. Thank you for your time, and I encourage the developers to keep working on this program. Best regards.Final rating:4/10EDIT:I've taken out my con on the AI because, thanks to comments, I have found out that it is currently being worked on."
76561197992206547,Recommended,266310,17373488,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,B00tsy,"*I may write a more detailed review at a later point in time.*In short, If you are familiar with the 'Far Cry' editor and love to use that type of editor then you will love GameGuru!This game creator has only just been released and the devs are working on a lot more features and are optimizing the engine more, so it it is constant progress, but what is there already is pretty solid and more then enough to create your own games with (all depending on your own skills/creativity and effort of course).The available assets in GG is a bit limited so far. There are 3 official themed asset packs and there is an asset store with  limited amount of content. A large portion of it (including the official assets) are pretty oldschool quality and looks like 2004 assets at best (both modeling and texturing). However, it is all up to you, you are free to create/buy/use custom assets and create anything you wish. I am pretty sure that after a year from now things will be lot different and the average available asset quality will have gone up a lot.Overall GG feels very intuitive and it is easy to work with. It can definity be a powerful creator if you set your mind to it and really go for it."
,Recommended,266310,16306057,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,RyHam,"This ""Game"", is not a game.. it is a tool, and a bloody good one at that. it was a beautiful moment the day i found this. the only downside i can find is lack of things in the store, but then again, if  i decide to learn how to create entitys from scratch, then problem solved. well worth the money. if you want a quick way to make a decent game, this is for you.. personally i plan to spend alot of time on this, and i would recommend it to anyone that owns a computer and has access to a power socket. nuff said, i think you get the jist of things."
,Recommended,266310,16333815,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ziggoid,"A great software and, there is an option  to get in the intermediate level by using easy lua scripting.The assets it comes with are cool and there is enough to make a cool game. I may try to release a game in this, although, updates would be uselful, some more tutorial stuff and more lua apis.8/10 Game Development.recommended.REMEMBER, GREAT game development = scripting and/or coding."
,Recommended,266310,16191782,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,WarriorDan,"Great game-making engine for beginners. From the perspective of someone who's personally used Unreal Engine, GameGuru's so easy to learn, it's confusing!"
76561198198813167,Not Recommended,266310,30931797,Posted: 3 April,all,kingofcoven,To be honest i got a refund for this if you want to start making games save the money for a book on c++ or get rpgmakerthe interface in this is clunky the tutorials are out of date and over all its too basic
76561198122816181,Not Recommended,266310,33117920,Posted: 1 July,all,CLOUD ZX,"if your interested in making a gritty realistic first person shooter, than this software might do the trick. however, if you're looking for a versatile development platform to create the game of your dreams, than look elsewhere. using this software is not impossible, but it's not easy. and when a product advertises itself as ""the easy game maker"", that's a bit of a problem.my first problem with the game is that takes forever to load, and when it eventually does, it runs an incredible speeds of slowless. now, i could try to alter my compatibility settings, or my nvidia settings to try to fix it, but i didn't. because when the software would actually work properly, it wasn't at all what i thought i paid 20 bucks for.the design interface is just plain inconvenient. the event programing is nowhere near as self-explanatory as it is in something like RPG maker. i couldn't even figure it out, even though there are qute a few tutorials. the problem with the tutorials is that they are so poorly recorded, that i don't remember a single thing i learned from them. altering the landscape works alright, but placing and moving objects is just plain frustrating. there is a character creator as well, but it's incredibly scarce in options and every single one looks almost exactly the same. this was the first devolment sofetware that i actually gave up on. i didn't know it was possible to be more frustrating than windows 10, but this software somehow manages to pull it off.all in all, this game isn't the versatile development tool it wants to be. instead, it's unpolished and frustraiting. i bought the fantasy bunde during the 2016 summer sale, and regret not asking for a refund. when it comes to game creation, i'd reccomend RPG maker over ths any day. even the toy box in disney infinity is a better game development tool than this. which is disappointing, as i really wanted to like this software. i gave it three chances over the course of one year, logging about 5 hours, before i finally gave up on it. if you still want to try it, don't get one of the bundles. instead, get the base software during a sale. that way, if you forget about it and discover months after you bought it that it's not the right software for you, (like i did), it won't be as bad if you can't get a refund."
,Recommended,266310,16402794,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Handsprime,"If you're really bored and want to make an FPS game, but don't want to have to deal with making models or a bunch of other complex stuff, this is the game for you.While there are a few complaints I have (would love Character customaztion to have a few more details, including changing hair colour and such), but I do recommened this if you're just wanting to make something to kill the time."
76561198126466189,Not Recommended,266310,34210742,Posted: 13 August,all,Cannon the cat,"I got this for 10$ I do not like it. First of unity a free game engine has a website where you can buy assets and models and stuff, you buy this game for 10 bucks you still have to pay for assets. You don't get that much freedom into it. All you can make are fps games. Now i like fps games, But there is very limited things you can do with this."
,Recommended,266310,25440203,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Owl,"I wish there was some sort of ""neutral"" option on reviews. I honestly can't rate this much in a good or bad way.It's a fun level editor for dicking around in. But for a game maker... Well it doesn't make the games. You make the levels for the software to run. That's it. Show's over"
,Recommended,266310,14718591,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Othrandur,"First off, let's call this what it really is: a level editor. You don't so much create new games with it as you create new levels for an existing game. But it does this limited task very nicely. The terrain editor is extremely easy to use and it's nice to be able to take a first-person view to tweak it. You basically run through your level as if you were playing it, you hit F9, and you're able to edit the level from the player character's perspective. It comes with a small, but usable collection of assets which the developer promises to grow over time. Additional assets can be purchased from their store and a few are free. Lacking is any way to produce your own assets or even instructions on how to convert external assets in various formats to theirs.So, if you're happy with a generic first person shooter for which you write all the levels using mostly pre-made assets, GameGuru can be quite a lot of fun, especially if you get to play them with friends. But you shouldn't expect a complete game authoring system. At the end of the day, what comes out of your pipeline will be a generic first person shooter. But it's a really short pipeline using this tool."
76561198146765596,Recommended,266310,16505503,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JDawgRiggz,got this a long time ago and it helps to start coding. now i use coding and things but this is a great start
76561198052507302,Recommended,266310,23452659,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,slyyger,"tl;dr if you have ANY interest in game developement but little to no experience, then GET THIS PROGRAM!Though still quite limited in many ways for what you can do with it, I've spent time in other game creators and found this one to be far more intuitive than most with what feels like a lot more pototial in the end.This program comes with an impressive asset library for setting your games from medieval fantasy to futuristic FPS or crazy cartoon funland. The DLC content is not unreasonably priced for how much comes with it, and the player created store library has amazing resources for often incredible prices.The community is fantastic. The forums are large and generally quite active with loads of people who are all to happy to take some time and help you figure out a problem.They are regularly adding new content and features to the program, and unlike many projects, the Development team is pretty open with the user base and keep up on the forums.Alltogether a more than worthwhile buy for the novice game developer who just wants to get a foot in the door and try to make some simple games. GG is a great program that though limited at the moment, has all the potential to be a great game maker in the near future; even now it's impressive what can be done with it!"
76561198328460296,Not Recommended,266310,28416787,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ironzgaming04,"I was REALLY excited when I got this I used it for 5 minutes and instantly frowned. This is not even an engine like it's advertised to be It's just a level editor for a VERY BAD fps engine 3rd person character control is really clunky and the graphics look like something from 2003. Hell there's not even MENU EDITING!!!! that is a HUGE requirment for a ""game engine"". CConclusion don't buy this it's a waste of good money that could be spent elsewhere buy TerraTech or something...besides unreal engine 4 and unity are way better than this in every way and are comepletely free."
76561197964352408,Recommended,266310,16144476,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Pasquill,"Easy to use, easy to create and upload your own content and easy to obtain new content."
,Recommended,266310,16112103,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Smartmotion,"I think, this is the best game creator I have ever seen!"
,Recommended,266310,16567900,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DCMegaFan,"I do recommend this game for those of whom never made a game and would like to make a 3D shooter like G-Mod or TF2, but NOT for people who wanna make 2D platformers like Mega Man or Kid Icarus and would like to get more in-depth with their programming."
76561198123303754,Recommended,266310,16423369,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gordon Freeman,very helpful if you dont know java or any type of coding
,Recommended,266310,16290427,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,レトリン ANZU,OverviewThe most simplest and easiest game engine out there. I would totally recommend it if you want to dive inside game development without investing a lot of time learning programming and mechanic on how to operate the game engine itself.ProsEasy to learnUser friendlyAsset for the game engine also cheapConsThe game graphic quality is lowUnreal Engine 4 would be a better alternative
,Recommended,266310,16128429,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,_--UnD34d--_,"I may update this later, but from what I've seen so far, Game Guru is coming along nicely. That is to say, it's awesome and people should stop complaining. Take a look back at FPScreator x9 and all that had to offer. This may be limited now, but do NOT forget to take into account the very simple and blatantly advertised fact that this is EARLY ACCESS. It is still being developed. If they manage to make this like x9 with the menu features and extensive available asset libraries, what we will have is a fully functional drag and drop fps creation program on a proffesional level with no programming required. With all the added cool features they've developed it should be ground breaking. I would say it already kind of is.Be patient. It already looks great. AND they've added a third person view. I haven't tested that yet. I am hoping that this ends up going beyond the scope of first person shooters, but if that's what we get, with an updated graphics engine, I'll take it at this price. The ability to slam games together with some minimal texturing, and perhaps some basic modeling. Maybe a bit of coding in the end, but not very much, and we can sell the games? For this price? Good stuff. I can't wait to see what the finished product looks like."
76561198125093304,Recommended,266310,29987862,Posted: 17 February,all,nigec999,"I bought GameGuru a week before Christmas and I've probably played with GG every day since.The negativeI find the navigation system in the map editor very frustrating, simple tasks like scale and positioning an object is very erratic.The lack of numeric properties position, rotation and scale make interacting with anything a major chore.. if I wasn't an old git it probably wouldn't be so bad but the shake kinda doesn't help!Some things seem to be way more complicated than they need to be, why can't the user just reset the visuals, copy and paste  like any other software, all the BS in the world doesn't count for anything if the user experience sucks.The fact GG writes multiple texture files for the EBE seems nuts, if I change the 16 textures I end up with 1.5gb of  files only 90meg is ever used in a single EBE construction. Not all of us have infinite hard drive space.I can't really understand why the texture isn't given the id of the EBE its connected toOne of the alarming things for me is the low fps I get compared with the old FPSC and the new Mod pack.The Out Of The Box setting although they look very pretty are probably losing GG customers, simply turning of Bloom improves things no end, if it was rendering software you don't set it to render slow!The positiveI thought X file format was going to be a pain but amazingly Sketchup to GG is relatively painless, its just a shame the FBX importer hasn't had some love in the last update.Once you have the scale right even multiple materials work using the XNA exporter for Sketchup.Blender also plays nice and works well for modeling and animation.Its refreshing to be able to use a 3D game engine that doesn't require 3D Studio Max!On the whole you don't need any commercial software to make content for GG, The Gimp with a few plugins is good enough for texturesThe GG community is very helpful and overflowing in experience, nothing that I've thrown at the forum has gone unansweredThe new EBE is great fun to use and I'm sure as time goes on it'll be more advanced, creating new prefabs is very easy and already users are coming up with their own and even a tool to make them. Young n old can rattle out a building in no time however the above comments play a factor when it comes to expanding on your new buildingTo round up, I am giving it a thumbs up as despite its niggles does what it says on the box, I just wish it wasn't so clunky to use, the saving grace is that its constantly evolving and improving and a very passionate team and community behind it I'm sure its heading towards better things."
,Recommended,266310,17728332,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Kerbz,its very good but come on. WE NEED A CUTSCENE EDITOR AND A HORROR PACK
76561198042306265,Recommended,266310,17753108,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Däyum,"GameGuru is by far one of the most easiest Game makers out there, without having to code (optional, but must know the .lua language) or 3D Model (optional again) you can make the game you have wished to make,But there is only one thing that makes me angry,Paying $30-$50 for a DLC pack, I'd rather pay $5-$10 for a Asset Pack.Total Rankings:INTERFACE: 8.5/10EASY: 10/10DLC/ASSET PACKS: 6/10PRICE TAG: 9/10TOTAL RANKING: 33.5/40"
,Not Recommended,266310,26725087,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TheSarge_Robolock,"This software is the fuel behind steam greenlight trash, and is just asset flips.The only good way to make a game is by buying addons, and that's not for me, so I give this software a downvote.Edit:After being critisized by the developer and someone named Belidos, I have decided to further extend my argument.This software provides easy access asset flips for anybody with 100 dollars who wants to put their 'game' upon greenlightGives a constant 15 fps even with a nvidia 750TiAddons are the only way to make a proper looking game, and they're expensive as hell, and even with them, it still is an asset flip if you try to market it.And finally, this engine might work for proof of concept, if the dev had proof of concept when making this software."
76561198141245748,Not Recommended,266310,20743779,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Flyan!,"TL;DR: It's really, really bad. If you want to make a game, pick up real software like UE4, Unity, or Cryengine and learn how to use those tools. ItI got this for me and my friend when the two-pack was on sale. I got it to make stupid, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games easily and cheaply. I never expected anything good out of this, but Jesus Christ, it didn't even let me make anything bad. Performance is awful. On everything. Even the map editor, by far the strongest feature of this, starts getting delays, etc if you have too much stuff. The game tester if nearly unplayable, and standalone games even run bad. Everything should run smoothly considering the graphics. It looks awful, and from what I can see from the community items, always will. Assets are very limited, they want you to pay more money for them. Scripts, etc are extremelely limited. You get a trigger event, a sound event, a save event, and a level-end event. That's it. I thought I could work around it by having the trigger event activate other events and things, but it didn't work. You have to add in custom things for that simple function. This product advertises ""easy game making,"" but everything is so barebones that I honestly think it would be easier to pick up some basic scripting skills and going in something like UE4 or Unity to make my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games. The mechanics are painfully simple, and reminiscent of Doom, but in a bad buggy way. The AI is unbelievably stupid. The can't even go up ladders. Actually, I'm pretty sure the player can't even use ladders either. This also lacks basic functions like cutscenes, swimming, etc. They have a vote list for features people want, and that has a lot of the missing features on it. So far, I haven't seen one of those things added in.  The level editor is alright at first, but then it starts getting laggy when you add in too much stuff. Recently after I got it they added in object grouping, but it too was barebones and only let you move objects, not change health values, etc.RPG Maker games are♥♥♥♥♥♥because most of the users use default sprites, and think of this generic anime plot and make a short, awful game and then think they're developers.Gameguru is♥♥♥♥♥♥because the product is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just another ""Game Creator"" Meant to ride off of 12 year olds, and sometimes older people's desire to make games by letting them delude themselves into thinking they made something special.*EDIT:I can't forget to mention, the save as standalone feature doesn't even work. The first few times I used it it changed things like placement, lighting, and textures."
,Recommended,266310,18081037,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ohneiros,"GameGuru may be seen as three different things, depending on the eye of the beholder:1- It is a good game builder tool in general, which may favor styles like first-person and third-person RPG games, as well as first-person action games.2- It is a great FPS builder. Which is of course logical, since it comes from the same creators that gave us FPSC.3- It is a superb learning tool, giving you the very basics and leaving you to go into game making as deep as you want.This is my very first review on Steam. However, I am quite confident it will be a fair one, since I've been a gamer all of my (long 39 years) life, and I have worked in the gaming indie industry for the last 4 years, mainly in the music and sound department. And I will start the body of this review with a hard statement: building crappy games is easy, but building good games is hard. Hard as in: it takes a lot of effort, a lot of study, and a lot of time.When you first start Gameguru, you will find a set of tools that will allow you to VERY easily modify your landscape and add entities to populate your world (from buildings, to rocks, to people, animals, weapons, and even some heavily armed rabbits!). In the few minutes that takes learning how to use them, you will be crafting plains, mountains, plateaus, moors, lakes, villages, towns, deserted towns, and whatever your imagination wishes to design.Once your world is populated, you will want to bring it to life. In order to help you achieve this, Gameguru offers you a nice variety of assorted scripts with different functions. A script is, basically, a really little file (in this case, LUA files) with some lines of code, and it will tell your rocks to stand still, your doors to open and close, and your characters to stand guard, patrol, shoot, follow waypoints, and quite a lot more tasks.Of course, this is not the end of it. Maybe you want to add some entities into your game that are not included in Gameguru's core software? No problem at all. There are some expansion packs waiting for you (some of them are very good; I personally did not like one of them, but it may be because I find no use to what it got me). If they do not include what you are looking for, you can always check the Gameguru store, where several users upload their works, be it 3D art, decals, audio, scripts and other stuff, so that you can purchase it at prices that come from fair to ridiculously low. Some of them are even free! If, even then, you cannot get what you want, you can always make it yourself and import it into Gameguru through fairly intuitive interfaces.But what if you do not know how to do the things you want to? This is the part of ""learning"" I was talking about. Gameguru is a game making engine, however, it is impossible to anticipate every single thing its users will want to build. If you want to add your original 3D art, you will have to learn how to handle third party software that allows you to craft it. The same will happen with sound, music and scripting. So, can I make a game with no coding involved? Sure! I can make a hundred of them. Can I only use the art and music Gameguru brings me? Yep. In thousands of different ways. Can I make an AAA game with original art, amazing soundtrack, innovative mechanics and things like a day-night cycle, intelligent wild life and a nice save system? Well, of course! BUT, in order to do that, you will have to study or pay other people to make what you cannot. Is this a big disadvantage? Not really, not at all.I'll give you my personal example: since I started fiddling with Gameguru, I've been using it to make an educational project based in the history of my country (a country where videogames are, by far, NOT one of the important industries). Since it is very hard to find people willing to sell their work cheap, not to mention for free, I've been learning how to use Makehuman and Mixamo Fuse (character developers), Blender (3D art), Rigmesh (3D mesh creator), MapZone (texture creator), just to mention a few. Yesterday I managed to successfully build my very first LUA script, that will allow me to activate characters in order to make them tell me something. A simple script, indeed, but a great step for me in videogame craft learning. I've had put 157 hours in Gameguru, but I have learned more in the last 3 months than in 4 years inside the industry. Gameguru is an excellent way to see if you have what it takes to make a decent game, learn the necessary skills, pay for what you can build and, finally, be proud of your creation.Since this is a work in progress, Gameguru will occasionally present some kind of bug, but not really often enough to be annoying. If this happens, or you just have some questions about anything related to the engine, you can always ask the customer service. They are the most polite support team I've had the pleasure to deal with, they answer fast, clear and easy. Also, they take some of their time to broadcast live on Twitch once per week, streaming interactive tutorials and answering any questions you may have, always with a very good mood added to it (I am personally a fan of GameGuruRavey and his jingles, he's just hilarious).Of course, if you don't want to learn all of that stuff, you can always make simple game levels. Most shooters are not that hard to build, and you can even make cutscenes using any video editor. It's very easy to make simple games. And Gameguru makes it clear that, using some bucks, you can start to understand why the most famous games take millions of dollars to build.One thing to notice is that Gameguru does not support a large variety of formats for 3D and audio. That is my only issue with this software. However, I was told in a recent Twitch broadcast that they are already thinking on adding support for more file formats. Also, the team is right now working on a faster, more efficient engine that will render objects more efficiently, as well as add many performance boosts to it.In synthesis: if you want an easy way to build your own 3D first-person (and soon 3rd person too!) games, in a very easy, fast way, that will allow you to explore and improve your capabilities, Gameguru is your software of choice. If you want to build a GTA5 clone with no knowledge at all... well I'm sorry son, you really should follow a career not related to videogames. Gameguru is a great way to have fun, build, destroy, rebuild and learn.And, as a forum member said, ""Learning is what it's all about. Isn't it?"""
,Recommended,266310,18026860,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Xantetsuken,in the time that ive played ive made 1 game and yes it does take some learning for the complex stuff but still is nice for the simplicity. i got my copy on sale and am not mad about my purchase. store allows u to just grab things ppl made and put them in the game some items are free i use my steam wallet to purchase items (i sell my badges so yeah its still free to me) comparing this to unity or URe is kinda not fair cause this offers a new person with no expericence a chance to fiddle around with out major hassle i use rpg maker also i love them both and u can work with friends in real time which is a nice feature. i only have 3 hours in so my review is not fully educated but i do recommend this cheap fun to mess around with and can be done with friends. now if ur expecting to log in for 2 hours and walk away with the next elder scrolls game then this is not for u but if u want to learn as u go and have something where u feel like u dont have to go to hours of school for and just want to experiment this is a great simple program
76561198082023850,Recommended,266310,23227859,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,76561198082023850,"First of all: The software integration with steam is great.I got GameGuru at the starter pack, pretty nice deal. I like the fact that you have all royalties over your games with no extra fee. This program has a great future and still has to be developed. Hope to see many things in the future. This the RPGM of FPS"
76561198220494325,Recommended,266310,23558116,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,tbarkass_williamson,"An excellent, flexible introduction to the world of game-making. Extremely promising, simple to use and forgiving to casual and budding developers alike.I've been following GameGuru and The Game Creators since 2006 with the original, early adopter release of FPS Creator. When I look at how far the software has come from humble beginnings, TGC should be proud of what they have achieved.I've spent countless hours creating games and assets for this and previous incarnations. Often I will play other games or even in daily life I will find a place that I recreate in GameGuru. It's brought me into contact with modelling, texturing, sound effects and lighting.Some observations:GameGuru isn't the prettiest game engine in the world. If you're looking to build a reality simulation, I'd suggest you spend many thousands of your pounds or dollars or euros on Unreal instead.Your ability to make a stunning looking game will be limited initially by the fact that the engine is still in its infancy. Global illumination, texture painting, advanced and physically based shaders aren't (yet) in the software, and at any rate including those things and creating a fast and easy game maker are two different objectives. It's also limited by your own ability. There are tons of fantastic community assets available but when you realise that making the level in your head turn into reality involves a lot of work you get an appreciation for the craft of game making.People will shoot at you. They'll run around to try to avoid your fire and they'll die when you shoot back. You can even customise some of the characters physically and give them different basic behaviours.Will the enemies flank you or work together in teams? Will they search for you when they lose sight of you, or will they spontaneously have conversations with each other, or sit down for a rest? No. Not out of the box, anyway.They're actually pretty dumb. It's a work in progress and to a large extent the scripting needs to be fairly general in nature because of the many different types of game which you might be looking to make. Again though, this is promising. You're also welcome to take a poke around under the hood of the AI and adapt it to suit, although this is where the learning curve starts to come in. LUA is an exceptionally powerful scripting language but it's not for beginners.GameGuru actually pretty stable and reasonably well optimised. Compared to older versions of FPSC which would crash pretty much at random, GameGuru is stable. There are the occasional crashes where you attempt to import a model with slightly unsual geometery but most of the time it runs without complaint. TGC have also got round the old chestnut where FPSC would crash every time the Windows UAC dialogue popped up.The games themselves also run at a fairly decent speed providing you've got the right hardware. The engine occludes items not in the player's view and does all sort of LOD and shader tricks to accomodate lower-end machines and gameplay is generally fast and smooth.As already mentioned the standard of game assets varies considerably. On the one end the stuff included within the software is fairly good. There are various model packs available as DLC which are the cream of the crop. There is a store where a number of artists from the community make avalable their assets cheaply. Some of the community assets are made by new modellers and can be a bit hit and miss. Then again, it's your choice whether you use it or not and if you don't lke it, you don't buy or download it.That said, GameGuru, like its predecessor, and with the best will in the world, can sometimes make your asset that looks beautiful in its Blender render look a bit pants by the time it makes it into your game. This is largely to do with GameGuru's lighting system which is sometimes not as sympathetic as it could be. The entity shaders packaged in with the software are a good start but can often fall slightly short of what you were hoping for. Unless you have a knowledge of HLSL (as I don't) trying to make sense of them and adapt them to do what you want can be a bit like reading a foreign language. It's also difficult to get a fix on what the entities look like before you see them in game. There's no reflective or refractive environment or parallax mapping at this stage. Nor, at this stage, are there any particle systems.What there are, are a selection of shaders which are a good first step. As I've said, the nature of game making means that some of the shaders need to be middle-of-the-road and inoffensive. Having advanced, physically based shaders might work well for one developer's AAA game wannabe, but for another developer on his base-spec laptop, might turn their game into a slideshow. What's there is good and works well. Understanding the purpose of each of the textures (saved as .dds - not an accssible format for many) is a learning curve which fortunately I am at the top of, but once you have an understanding you realise it would be nice to be able to control textures from within the editor, not only for your colour map but all the other maps too.Lighting as standard is also realtime although this is fairly basic and only maps the sun (which is not adjustable). It's a simple and easy-to-understand point lighting system (no directional, hemisphere or planar lighting, for example). Lights can be adjusted for position, range and colour. Adjusting lights is done in editor and the results can't truly be seen until the game begins, and not properly until after the software bakes the lightmaps in-game. As previously mentioned, it's a basic lighting system with no volumetric lighting, global illumination or other modern tricks, but it does the job nicely. With some work and positioning of lights one can make a fairly convincing scene.The engine includes a number of post-processing effects such as ambient occlusion, motion blur, bloom, light rays (faking the volumetric lighting). Each is well executed and is user adjustable although only from within the game. Developers can add fog, water and sculpt terrain. Brightness and conrast can also be adjusted. Each works well and is a good foundation to build from.Importing your own models is quick and simple. GameGuru supports importing of .x and .fbx model formats but there are countless converters out there that can transform your models to get them GameGuru-ready. Placing, scaling and rotating entites is vastly improved on previous incarnations, with a very useful translation, rotation and scaling widget. Decals work similarly to always with fire, neon, explosion and dust effects easily available. Scripting and event zones are also imrpoved with different shapes achievable, and all maing use of the LUA scripting system.A big improvement is the ability to fly around in editor and get a better perspective on what you are doing. Gone are the days of the God view and squinting at your monitor to get a closer look. You can also edit certain things from within the game but in reality the out-of-game editor is so good you'll probably never use this feature. Load times for popping into your game are also massively reduced - less than 10 seconds for me in most cases.I'm pleased that, as always, GameGuru eschews the countless menus, sliders and obscure controls many game engines are burdened with. If you're looking for a button-pressing, slider-sliding, box-checking marathon as a route to game making, look elsewhere.Altogether I'm very impressed with GameGuru and I'm keen to see how it develops going forward."
76561198084821233,Recommended,266310,17634280,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,totalwreck31,Easy to use FPS creator. :)
,Recommended,266310,17746095,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,no pyro,GameGuru Is Uh.. Fine  Not In a bad way it helped until the DRUMROLL PLEASE Marketing I CAN NOT GET IT/strike I CAN NOT MAKE SWORD MODELS WORK
76561198021548541,Recommended,266310,18040984,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,jorgkare,"Hi. I purchased Game Guru a some weeks ago, and are already on the way in making me a game.There are a store where you can buy new items, and entities, quite cheap.And there are also a lot of free items you can download for Game Guru.You have to work hard to get a result like in Crysis, but overall, you can achieve very good games with it.Jorg Kare"
76561198004230601,Recommended,266310,29493139,Posted: 25 January,all,JBean,"GameGuru, ""Is the EZ-ist"" Game Maker!Back in the 90's I made a level for a game called Descent. Today it's now possible for me to make a whole game easier than it was making a single level back then, thanks to GameGuru. Without programing or very little effort you can make a playable game (there are some pretty cheezy examples on Steam right now made without any effort at all using GameGuru). With time & effort you can make a near AAA quality game! (at least AA) Certain to please nearly everyone's eye.GameGuru provides more assets than other game editor/maker & for less! There are plenty more in ""TheGameCreators"" store provided by great members of the community. Thanks to them & Lee Bamber GameGuru makes the impossible possible!GameGuru is continually being updated, so as my skills improve I'm sure GameGuru will continue to be more than enough for me!"
,Recommended,266310,17586339,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Kesstryl,"I received this as a gift for my Birthday, and I have to say after weeks of use, I love this game maker!  The interface is easy to learn, and the developers have YouTube tutorials and a weekly Twitch broadcast to help the community learn the finer points of what you can do with this engine.  Out of the box you can make a FPS with no coding, and if you love FPS type games, then this engine is definitely for you.  With learning the scripting language (which is Lua, the scripting language many MMOs like WOW use for modding) you can do a lot more.  You can create other types of games such as RPGs.Many of the negative reviews seem to be from Early Access, and I have to say when looking back on the Developer blogs and News Page on the Gameguru website, it looks like many of those negatvie reviews were addressed with updates and patches.  The developers seem really invested in this, and they do listen to the community.  They also created a Feature Vote page so that whatever gets the most votes will be implemented into the game (right now they are doing a major overhaul to speed up the engine, and after that the next thing to be worked on based on the Feature Vote is saving and loading).  Updates to the engine have been happening almost weekly.As a sole developer who wants to make small indepent games mainly as a feature for my art, this engine already does so much that I can focus most of my time on creating assets.  As someone with some background in PHP, learning Lua and the specific game functions is extremely easy.  A lot is planned for the future of this engine, and I look forward to what I will be able to do in the future.  While waiting for the Feature Vote stuff to get implemented, I can focus on making assets and levels.  I can also pour through pages of information on their website forums to learn new tips on what is currently possible.Still not convinced?  Keep an eye on the updates and go through the backlog of news and updates that have been done, and you will see this is a product that evolving to become one of the easiest, cost efficient (no royalties if you sell with this) and fairly powerful game makers out there."
76561198006587416,Not Recommended,266310,29998652,Posted: 17 February,all,JadeMasters,"Okay first of all i was attracted to it because it was easy as pie to do. and of course, MULTIPLAYER! Spent more than 70USD for this yet i was horrified I CANT PLAY MULTIPLAYER on my projects that i finished for so many hours without my friends buying GameGuru. So basically its a rip-off. I would have rated this highly if you can make stand alone multiplayer with this even if most of the items that you need most are on their store for purchase i would not mind but no. Very Disappointed. So if your thinking you can make a multiplayer game with this software, yes you can BUT if you want your buddies to play your game too then they would have to buy gameguru too lol.Edit:After few days i tried Unreal Engine. and its way better. But hold on. Im not saying Unreal should be compared to gameguru. GameGuru is a good because its Easy. But thats about it.You see Unreal is very very difficult. But it doesnt lack any tutorials on youtube. It just needs patience. and ITS FREE!What Unreal did was the right thing to do and i think GameGuru should do it too.What they did is Make the Engine Tool Free for everyone. BUT most of the ASSEST were sold. That way you can make more money.However GameGuru was trying to delay the most important updates they should be doing rather improving some minor stuffs.Let me point those out.* Engine is for SALE. This alone is a bumer. Like i always post your users would not mind if the assets are sold as long as the tool is free. That way More and more people use your tool and more of them buy assest. Its good for GameGuru.* Multiplayer - Almost everyone want this function. And you cant use it without Buying the Tool.* A.I - So many bugs. Your thinking of making a single player game with A.I? Well goodluck with that. they are so buggy, I dont even want to point out because there are so many.* Stand Alone Multiplayer.exe - Yes It doesnt have it. Dont Expect.So without these main features how are you going to build your game? All you can do is Build and kill Broken A.I.So my rating for GameGuru is still the same unless they prioritize these main functions. And not develop stuff not necessary as of the moment.I know after writing this review the devs will just tell me to go Vote in their forums what should be done first. First of all You all knew too well those are the things you should be doing first. Improvements of what ever is suggested there are not that important. We want to use what we created but as of now, nope we cant.Its a shame this tool is too handy yet its not even worth to spend your time.I hope you consider the main functions first and just ignore the votings as of the moment."
,Recommended,266310,29324265,Posted: 17 January,all,p.hul,"After about +200 hours of using and working with GameGuru it is time for a review.I've purchased GameGuru after reading about this game engine and because of the content that is already available for the user.I'm not very familiar with modeling nor did i ever created a game, so to find a game engine that is very friendly for the inexperienced user and easy to use was a blessing in my opinion.But don't be fooled, even this easy to use software does not necessarily mean 'easy'.There is a lot more to it than simply placing some items and characters on the map.You will first want to write a story line, create a flowmap and make a list of items to use in your game creation.There is an awful lot to learn, lucky for us, the developer of GameGuru has a big twitch list on his youtube channel in which he gives thorough explanations on the editor, lighting, shaders and so on.Apart from that, the community behind GameGuru is very helpful, friendly and open to new and inexperienced users.One can find an awful lot of scripts and assets which are freely shared on the community forum.That GameGuru is capable of producing some very good games is obvious when one plays through the demo games.However, due to the fact that this game engine is still in development and should be considered as early access, there are limitations and thus much room for improvement.In my view, GameGuru certainly deserves a good recommendation despite the early access.This because it is already quite good and even the inexperienced user can create his first game, easy and fast.Personally i've been creating some testgames and made stand alone files in order to test them.If i release a game, it must be to my satisfaction which means it has the right ambience, the right balance between assets on the map, graphical display and performance.I'll refrain from making a list of pro's and con's due to the fact that GameGuru is still in development."
76561198068654383,Not Recommended,266310,30917783,Posted: 3 April,all,zombiedog12,"I try so hard to appreciate this ""game"" making software.  I purchased it 2-3 years ago and grew sick of its controls.  Pretty sure it was in alpha then.  Now, I reinstalled it and I am fed up with the damn software.  I grow so impatient working with this, it is so time consuming.In a nutshell:The zooming and camera are annoying.Forget positioning anything properly.As people said with depth, you wont ever know how appropriate the terrain is for the level until you go into a pain-staking test game mode then go back and make an adjustment.Instead of this game being simple, needless to say it is impossible to make a game with this software. It hurts my eyes to even try guessing where something is with such sad depth perception given.I want to see change before I reinstall this junk."
76561198001790442,Recommended,266310,15393465,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Sistermatic,"A long winded approach - as usual - but this demands a special space. Read on.In a reasonably detailed response to a query I posed at the forums the dev (Lee Bamber, a 20 year veteran) listed his intentions, his ideas and his dreams. But he was rather non-committal to a time-frame or even to what will be in the final package.You might ask, is this a good thing? I'd have to answer yes, absolutely.Let me explain.No. There's no dot point roadmap that will promise Feature X by Date Y so if that's what you expect (what we might ALL expect from an Early Access project) then walk away now.Yes. Early Access projects require input from users and in this you have a receptive and responsive dev who is NOT locked in. In my view, any potential developer who wants a rapid development environment - almost custom made -  would see the advantage of this.The platform.Terrain creation.Very easy. A bit boxy when you try to get very smooth edging but overall, simple with a free flight mode down to a reasonably small resolution. A nice feature is doing a walkthrough (or a fly through) and being able to to move a rock, turn a tree or flatten a mound or hill on-the-fly. No possibility of dynamic maps although I've heard hints there might be. (It's obviously coded because a random map generator is available via the IDE for some mountainous terrain - that needs smoothing.)Terrain painting.Easy enough but lacks fidelity. 4 brushes in total and grass. If I want a desert savannah with dry grass and rolling hills with lush vegetation on the same map, it's not going to happen. Some great terrain assets are available at a good price but it's all or nothing with each package, not mix and match. Ultimately your level designs are based around what is possible - not on what you want.LightingLOTS of options here. Not entirely optimised for performance as it stands but bloom, fog, ambience, surface and colouration (restricted to 1-100% rather than 255 but that may appeal to you). It's easily configured with easy to use sliders giving an RT view of how you want everything to look. Combined with lots of nice included and purchasable skyboxes, THAT look is right there.I'm still fiddling with atmosphere and day/night scripts and have a couple of issues with light source positioning but it appears (at this stage) that it will do the job. Some scipts are already available for environmental effects although rain etc. is not available yet (that I could find).SoundThere's a nice music engine scoped in but simplified access is a bit limited atm. It's easy enough (with some basic maths) to get cued ambience/background music fades across a range of tracks and it's all easily triggered via zones or objects or even scripted events etc.Media zones can be used to trigger effects, music shorts or even videos. They lack some of the tweaking options you might want but again, based on what is available (but not ""available"") this will be easily done. Scripting events is my prefered option anyway rather than a canned stepping plate. In short, it caters for all.ScriptingLUA. (aren't they all?) No integrated environment but it's not a major issue as most coders have a preferred IDE. To link an entity to a script is a 2 second job via the entity properties.I have had some real issues with having scripts triggered by zones stopping when out of range. It's easily worked around by applying the script to an object using the  ""always active"" option. If this were applied to zones...Another issue for those who prefer tight access to what's being run. If you put down 20 objects with the same script attached, that code will run 20 times and you really need to have your head around this because debug can be a real nightmare. Half your time will be spent writing detection/stop flags (and debug dumps to find out wtf is going on!).For those wanting a linear, call on demand approach... Wait some or get down and dirty. Coding can be fun right?A more serious issue is no ability to dynamic reference map entities. I'm positive it's coming. The demand is high and no dev could possibly ignore the cries for addressing via name reference. (Lee, are you there Lee?)Combat AIShort answer. Throw it out and code your own from scratch. The tools to address characters are powerful enough to really have fun with this but what is currently available is not going to interest any SP FPS game developer much. It's predictable, mundane, stilted and well.... awful. If you just want a plug and play zombie (literally and figuratively) then it's good enough.Waypoints, while available are a bit off. No circular patrol. Start, get to end, turn around and retread same path. Fixable? Probably, I haven't spent much time bothering tbh.CharactersDo you know a good modeller/animator? In fairness, give it time.Who should buy?Note that this is based around CURRENT, not potential, so it's subject to change.2D Platformer? Nope. This is 3D :)FPS MP shooter where you and a heap of mates can frag each other all day without all the BS? THIS is a must. You'll love how fast you can do this. With a bunch of different quality weapons available as included assets and/or store assets you get lots of choice. MP access needs some love (that will come). Make a map, throw around some trees, buildings, blinds, towers etc. and bingo. If you're conversant with IDE we're talking a solid day at the keyboard. 2 at the most. You'll be the toast of the town.Want an RPG/Puzzler? Quite probable at this stage but you're going to have to get your hands dirty in code. It doesn't seem to be a big priority (by choice or development stage?). The tools are there and good scripting fills the gaps but AI, current characters etc. mean a very lonely trip. If you know a good modeller and animator and you're a good coder or visa vie? THIS will do the job. At worst it will make an excellent world concept test platform because it's so quick to hack something together.Survival genre? I doubt it. Moving, building, rotating etc, although scriptable is a PITA. It's simple enough to create environmental effects and food/drink scripts etc. but with no terrain destruction the inevitable mine, gravel pit and towering 5 story castle is just not there. Will it come? I don't know. See my comments re: roadmap above.Kids games? A few more assets of a ""cartoony"" nature would be fun. I've already done a couple of collecting and shoot-em-up hacks with mushrooms and rabbits for my kids and everytime I hear the bouncy soundtracks I made to go with them, well, I smile to myself. Having someone play your game - by choice - is a great feeling...oo00oo..In summary, given that the passion for this by the dev is tangible, the support excellent and the open scoped project feel to this is actually a positive aspect.Should you buy?If you're looking to make a million dollars with the next Skyrim or CoD - nope. Not happening. If you just like doing ""stuff"" and hoping you can put together something someone else will enjoy with no fiscal motivation attached? ie: Because you just love doing it... THIS is for you.And really? For $20? You'd be an idiot not too.I just want to be the first to say - GG? gg!Give them time but don't be shy - you'll have fun.E&OE"
,Not Recommended,266310,24070870,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kim Jong Il,I like it yet its way over priced. This game when first purchased comes with literrly nothing and every character that is placed down is your enemy. They say no coding yet you have to make scripts and all of that to get what you want. ALL and I mean ALL addons/extensions for this software are way overpriced. One kit on their website costs $400 just for a couple buildings. Do yourself a favor and get Game Maker or at least wait until Game Guru add more stuff. P.S. the character creator has nothing really intresting.
76561198047389899,Recommended,266310,15973470,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,BLUE KAPPA,gameguru is the best of its kind for right now
76561198117393276,Recommended,266310,16046981,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,doge,very gud. much entities. very amaze. wow. only lacks vehicles
,Recommended,266310,24574208,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Trexter,"If you're a newbie and you don't really wan't to learn programming, i definitely recommend GameGuru for making games easily! Please excuse me if i have bad english. But seriously, My Opinion is i recommend this software for newbies like me."
76561198042564839,Recommended,266310,16178928,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,FB||NLMSalty,its is good but you should make it so zombies can spawn randomly and can break dwon the medival walls and you should add vechecles
,Recommended,266310,17811826,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Moriarty,"Here is a FULL REVIEW which would cover everything about game guru.First off let me clear up that I don't (recommend it) but I am also not (not recommending) this now let me start. This software is ehh you can say good, whoever is reading this review wants to know can i make a decent game with that software at the moment and I will answer that question in the end. First off I will start with this software's pros.First of all It is so easy it does what it says but it is too easy and this is bad ; I'll get to that later . Secondly one of the major pros about this software is that if you don't know how to do something, 90% of the time you will have an answer maybe from the devlopers and this leads me to the third 'good' thing about gameguru is that you can always contact the devlopers and tell them where they went wrong and they are so friendly and nice people . The fifth good thing about gameguru is that it is always changing , in my opinon this software is going to be great someday because it lets the people vote on what to do next and what not to do . Something which is pretty good is that when you save your standalone (your game), it uses the cores you have equally;in my case it used up the four cores equally and that was good.Now let us move on to the bad parts about gameguru . First off as I said before it is too easy not everything is under your  control which is bad , because you don't feel like you're a devloper anymore . Second of all the graphics which are not that bad but the models need to change ,  worst of all the zombies . Third thing which is pretty weird , the frame rate ""but how I mean you said the graphics are bad"" well yeah they are not that good  but the frame rate is bad and my computer is pretty good considring I run GTA 5 on high setting and 30fps . but when i test my gameguru game it sometimes goes to 9 fps and it becomes even worse with an A.I around but I think they are working on solving this problem. Fourth thing is the animation it is really glitchy and sometime the A.I doesn't even move or it starts moving after a minute or two .Fifth bad thing  , and trust me when I tell this is the flaw that would infact ruin a game, the slow rendring.What do I mean by that ? Glad you (I) asked : when you are done with your game and you save it as a standalone you then start playing and when you enter a diffrent room it's like damn I can't enter that room I have to wait like a MINUTE (and I am not exaggerating) to get in.One delightful thing about the charcter creator , it sucks. Last thing , there is no save and load . the player must play it on one try.Here is also the list of features I thought were there but they are NOT : Cutscenes , rideable cars , stairs , a good charcter creator , directx11 support for your game (which they are working on but right now it is just supported with directx9) , sniper enmies , charcters who can talk ( you can do that but THERE LIPS DOESN'T MOVE), animals , day and night and the biggest of all , the thing that will definatly ruin your game ( there is no save and load).Now the answer you have been waiting for could you make a game with that software at this very moment , yeah sure . could you make a decent one , NO , You can always have an idea that would work with these flaws but if you don't then don't buy it now.""So why did you recommend that?"" Thanks for asking again, because simply I think this software could be awesome one day but not right now . If you have any questions regarding that review I will gladly answer."
76561198096213994,Recommended,266310,34357173,Posted: 19 August,all,Ainsley Hariott,"I like this software. And I'll still be using it.But it really needs some more free assets like that free expansion pack. The software could improve if it made more of it's assets free. The software would improve with more customization such as animations, cutscenes, crosshairs, text, a starting menu, saving in game, actual iron-sights, AI customization,  and more free assets.So far, I'd like to see these changes in updates as it does have a rather 'clunky' feel to it.This has so much potential, and for that reason I think you should buy this.I originally wrote a negative review thinking this had far less assets than there was. I was told otherwise and found that there are a fair amount of free assets on the store, however you can only download five free ones per month which is a bit of a bummer.But for the price, content (so far) and my expectency of future updates, this is worth using if you're thinking of wanting to make an easy game.P.S. That expansion pack is great, more things like that would highly be appreciated."
76561198016683153,Recommended,266310,16768874,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,seppgirty,"Been messing around with Guru for a month now and got to say it's a lot of fun, Easy to use once you get the hang of it. The 3rd person view is coming along nicely(the reason i bought it.) Still a young program but has a TON of potentcial. Worth the cheap price tag."
76561198035035017,Recommended,266310,25311799,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,lvlr,"This software is great if your looking to mess around and create something in a short amount of time or don't really have the knowledge or patience to use Unity etc. It's cheap, it's easy and it's ideall for children, but don't think this means you can't delve deeper into the software and have a go at scripting or modelling yourself if you so wish. It's a simple drag n' drop interface, that not only comes with 100's of assests right out of the box, but the dlc's provide 1000's more, giving you enough toys to create something from a simple coin collector game to a zombie shooter. The community is very freindly and are always willing to provide help or advice, as are the devs who provide active feedback on a regular basis in the form of dev blog posts, Twitch/YouTube and being active in the Game Guru forum."
,Recommended,266310,23326935,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,WhyIsJordanSoCool,"There are a lot of game creator softwares out there. GameGuru might be the most awesome. Its simple, fun aand has awesome graphics. They provide a huge number of assets to use. I personally love this thing to bits!!!I reccomend GameGuru to anyone who is looking for a software which is simple and really fun to use."
,Recommended,266310,18112376,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,OniMike,"Wow got a great deal on this and have been having a blast! So easy to create nice looking simple games in minutes, first started it up editor almost feels like Unreal Engine. If you take your time and really get into GG you can make something worth putting on steam. Great to build and learn with kids and pretty affordable other then DLC packs I suggest get those on sale but never fear if you want other things GG has its own site store where tons of assests, scripts and more can be purchased or downloaded free. I reccomend to any hobbiest and small starting gamess devs to get feet wet :)"
,Recommended,266310,16988973,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Redneck Texas,"Cool, I'd recommend it on sale."
76561198007978109,Recommended,266310,15706885,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,x3meblue,"Fantastic tool for making 3d games in an intuitive, fun & easy way! It already is a very good game maker and i enjoy to work with it every day more. It is in active development and updated frequently. The developers are present in the steam forum to answer questions, giving a helping hand where they can and they also listen to the needs of the community.While GameGuru aims for the beginner game developer, it also is interesting for people with some programming experience, as you can write your own lua scripts.To be fair I must say it is still in early access & lacks many features at the time of writing, but as i say above GameGuru is updated fast and every update brings new improvements and exciting features. IT also comes already with many 3d models, you can buy more in the GG store, or just make your own with every common 3d editor.Why i prefer this over other 3d game makers? Because GameGuru has a very nice and friendly community, great developers, it is a great tool and it just feels right."
,Recommended,266310,21245349,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ShadowHunterAU,"Prior to using Game guru I had attempted to use software such as Unity, UDK, and cry engine with no real success, Being a father and full time mine worker I have very limited time to learn new things these days, Game Guru provided me the means to easily start learning how to create 3d games. Before Guru I never knew how to make 3d models, with the help of the overwhelmingly helpful community and Unfamillia's tutorial videos I was able to start creating my own 3d assets of which i have even started to share some in the store.The asset store is also unlike any other engin I have used to date and the media there is by far cheaper then anywhere else letting people play with more items for less. Now I fully understand that this product is undergoing constant development and we can hope to see many more features by the end of this year which will be fantastic.I do recommend this product for people who like me are very limited for time or are just curios about developing games, and hey if you do make something awesome, you can sell it royalty free :D."
76561198133046799,Recommended,266310,18106141,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Lightningstrike323,fun and great for sombody that doesnt know how to code
76561198062847113,Not Recommended,266310,34134469,Posted: 9 August,all,¿Magia?,More of a level designer than game engine.
,Recommended,266310,22064873,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,SomeFedoraBrony,"My review on this software is somewhat mixed so here are my thoughts:Pros:1) Easy to use interface2) Free demos and good tutorials3) Character creator so you can make custom enemies4) A lot of content is posted regularly5) Gun-play is good; on par with most indie games.6) Ability to change graphic settings and enviroment lookCons:1) DLC is ridicuously expensive for what it offers. Without it there's barely a base-game,Only buy this if you're prepared to buy every other DLC2) Every 'game' as of now is currently the player killing every other NPC. No other interactions with NPC's, no allies, no capture based modes, no speaking or 'quests'.*3) Character creator is lacking with content4) Zombie sounds are ridicuously loud5) Only the 'Wizards' characters can be used in third person*** From what I've heard from their website this is something they plan on doing in the near future** I've been told that this is something they will add more to soon enough.Final Thoughts: Good and easy to use software, if you're planning on making a story-driven game you might want to wait before purchasing. If you do purchase you might as well want to buy all DLC so you'll have some good objects to use.6.5/10 Slightly above average; delievers on its promise of making games wirthout learning coding. Still needs some updates to add content; too much DLC."
,Recommended,266310,17907567,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,DEAD_SHOT farmskins.com,This is great software for low end non custom one purpose gamesunfortunatly not what im looking forplease give me a refund
,Recommended,266310,15844553,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ghostonix,Easy to use
76561198187311969,Recommended,266310,15025915,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,golemiruki,Its very very awesome
76561198020978236,Recommended,266310,15781681,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,[Elf Nerd],"GameGuru, while sometimes clumsy, does the trick of providing prototyping tools for FPS-style games - and much more. The graphics engine is relatively slick (in circa 2010 terms) and the LUA-scripting provides a touch of flexibility making this product more than just a level editor.In addition, GameGuru is frequently updated and will probably reach new heights of software excellence every two weeks or so. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,266310,15912422,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,lukecam97,would like to see vehicles and creature entities. can you model characters and monster and put them in a game???
,Recommended,266310,16045133,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Coolguy32,"good, but a little too slow! how do I make it fast?"
,Recommended,266310,15037950,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,SomeT,"Good stuff! Would not reccomend for professional game development but I feel like this is the Scratch equivalent for 3D games which is good, it can teach you a lot about game and level design and how everything fits together enabling you to pick up other game engines a lot more easily. It looks like the application is still constantly being updated with changes though so my opinion might change on that in the future, overall I would say give it a chance, one thing I like about this the most is the large community."
76561198085442206,Recommended,266310,16001725,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Jeramiah Johnson,I love this gameguru editor.   Compared to FPSC game creator this is heads above that.    I was blown away by how much better the graphics were.   I hope the Devs keep supporting this editor as I think this could be the number 1 game making tool around.
,Recommended,266310,30679993,Posted: 22 March,all,Paladeus,"The basic - If you ever used ""RPG Maker X"" ('x' being whatever version) and wanted a 3D version of it, this is really and truly for you. After having spent about $200 on their Dark Basic Professional program and add-ons, only for them to apparently discontinue it all of a sudden, I was holding off on this for a while, which was both good and bad. I've got more to work with and its liked enough to keep around. But sadly, still got a bit of a learning curve as it isn't as point and click as RPG MAker.Pro's:In-built model/character editor, plus the ability to bring in more.Themed add-ons so you can use them freely, while they also seem to support several you can buy from professionals to get exactly what you want (I'd want scantily-clad sirens, trolls almost too stupid to wear little more than a loin cloth, variations on the same monster not to show they're harder, but due to evolution or black magic or something. Things like that.) A lot of these models I'm referring to, you can even get free. Personally, I like seeing short Dwarves and children in a game to add depth. Maybe tall and svelte elves. *Shrugs*Physics is rather well done. I've only fiddled with it for an hour and enjoyed it, though I still have a crap-load to learn.That said, if anyone's found a book about using this to program a game, lemme know, please.Supprt for everthing from FPS's to medieval armaments and further into magic or even historically accurate details (weak but usable bombs/fireworks, TNT, etc.)Con's:The game is inexpensive, but the model packs are ridiculous in cost. I understand why, but wow. That's still a lot. Most of the packs tend to be focused on (much like the rest of the Game Creators' items) FPS's rather than the fantasy genre, which is sad.Personally, I'm hoping for something gritty, sterotypical and realistic (for the world, of course) for my coming attraction. Seductress Sirens, Waling Banshees to disorient, willow-the-whisps to'll have a chance to lead you to salvation or death. I also hope to have a ridiculous number of weapons, armors, items and the like. ""My helmet's gone! - Just use your chamberpot!"" sort of thing.All in all, huge potential. But for someone just starting out, I expect a very steep learning curve until I find some tutorials.My end game is to hopefully recreate a starter island on a game called ""Tibia"", just because it's small, has a lot of puzzles that aren't technically solvable and since the game is free, I can refer back to it any time I want. ^_^I got sidetracked, sorry.It does have bugs. The AI can get confused by objects simply because they are different with every build. They may fire through walls simply for the same reason - The walls aren't technically there. They may do nothing. In short, how you build determines their intelligence. And much of those problems can be more easily fixed by building the world and THEN putting in your NPC's. I've played this over for an hour and figured that one out.Perhapps, I truly hope to see more fantasy (EXPECIALLY STEAMPUNK) packaging/bundles come out.The whole thing is 8/10. (-1 point for lack of ease of use, which is expected since point and click makes things harder than they need to e on the developers, and -1 point because the model packs are just so expensive and have so very little of what I actually want.Requests for future updates:Steampunk Bundle - As mentioned, I'd love to make a game out of this. But more importantly, it can also work as a crossover between pre and post electricity as is known now (Edison.) Or even something where Nicola Tesla won the little war and something new came about.Creatures Bundles - A huge amount of money can be made by selling models for different themes. Zombies (all creatures,) mythical ones (sirens, elves, goblins, gremlins vampires, etc,)  Partial humans would be very nice, too. Cat-Girls, Cat-Boys, Mouse boys/girls, fox boys/girls, etc, etc.Weapon bundles - Much the same as the creature bundles. Various forms of swords, staves, knives, dart launchers (think Assassin's creed,) poisons, etc.Sex - This isn't actually something I'm overly interested in, but there are PLENTY of people out there who are almost guaranteed to buy this if for no other reason that to watch cartoons boink each others' colors out."
76561198197459107,Recommended,266310,16338225,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,sbnm4shadow136,This is a very well made engine. i would compare this to far cry 4 editor but with more possabilitys. i would recommend this to any game creator. much easier then unity or unreal buy it its a good price.
,Recommended,266310,19624314,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,MadCat,"This is a great engineAs a biginner it is very eazy to useI just biult a Gaming PC with a GTX 960 GPU, gave the map I made a test run and almost hit 190FPS with the grafics on maxAnyone how wants a quik eazy to use game engine this is a good one!"
,Recommended,266310,22280496,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,The Fire Oracle,"I have been having so much fun playing with this software, I figured I should tell the world my feelings about it. I love its concept. Its like modding a game map only the other party doesnt need to own the same game to play your mod. Its not perfect by any means and I have ran into some issues. But Im sure the developers will correct them in time. This software allows alot of creativity to be released with minimum effort. It amazes me how much time one can spend on a single map. Its fun. I actually enjoy sculpting  maps and placing entities with this software. The engine is pretty decent graphics wise. LUA scripting was new to me as a language but seems easy to use now. The community it freaking awesome. I love how this Software and the community store allows 3d model artists an outlet to sell or give away their creations. I support the art community as should you. Talent should not be wasted. The developers are very active and at times entertaining. I can tell that they love their own product and actually use it in their own game creations. I dont like to give reviews on a product with out actually spending some time using it first. I figured 500 plus hours was enough time. I use several programs and engines on other projects and this one is pretty easy to use as far as 3D environments are concerned.One can make a simple game with no coding. One can make an elaborate heavily scripted game as well with coding. If you can make your own 3D assets/entities to put inside your game projects 3D environment made with GameGuru, then You have a winner as far as unique game design goes. The availiable assets are pretty nice but everyone is using them lol including myself. I purchased all the DLC's. I want it all. and it supports the developers and the community as well if you buy their 3rd party assets. If you love something, spend some money on it. I hope this Software reaches and fullfills the expectations that the developers and the community are striving for. I really enjoy it. It really does feel like you are playing a game while making one. That is a unique feeling. I have only been using this software a short time and its already been updated once with much improvment. I am sure some Indie developers might dislike this software as it could flood the market with alot more 3d games to become availiable. We all know it is hard enough to get a game noticed in todays market but hey, we all have dreams and we all should have the chance to share and fullfill them with everyone. I believe this software can do just that very thing.I almost forgot to mention, I love the ragdoll physics in this engine. A friend pointed out that in most 1st person shooters, when you kill someone, they just fall straight down to the ground. He liked how the human opponents when shot and killed would fly backwards and into the air,down stairs, over rails and cliffs etc in the game I had created. I laughed and said, that was GameGuru's built in ragdoll physics engine. I wouldnt have it any other way.In conclusion I would advise anyone who has even the slightest interest in this software to...""Purchase it!"" lol. The worst scenario is you spent 5 hours or less on it and had zero creative ideas while using it. If true then chances are very high that  brain wave activity has ceased and such person is most likely in a coma. I have spent more time playing with this software and less money than I have with most of the other engines/software/games installed on my pc. To me, using GameGuru has been fun, fun, fun, and everyone needs more of that in life. :)"
76561198079751525,Recommended,266310,14922653,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,rwc12345,"This product has many applications; -from the creation of very nice games, to the production of animated films and the accompanying gaming product for  literary works [this is the package of products that I am using the GameGuru software for on an all-time bestselling dystopian novel entitled ""Anarchemy""]. Accordingly, am pleased to recommend this product, and only have a few issues with its use... Most notable amongst my current concerns with the developing product would be the inability to generate sub-levels [though I'm findings ways around this limitation and this isn't much of an issue], the inability to transfer packages of organized content [such as the buildings along with their interior contents when one needs multiple copies of a building with identical interior appliances {as one might find in an apartment complex}], a handul of problems with the compatability of the TGC and Reloaded content [THANK YOU for fixing the issues relating to saving content when these minor issues exist!!!], a few minor issues with manufacturer part specification incongruities such as memory guru fragmentation issues on some of the less-common  Pentium multi-core systems [also largely fixed in the new product], a few minor issues with some of the objects sold at the store not working perfectly upon occasion [I've only encountered a few of these] and a much more disastrous issue with getting some games to save properly [both test levels and standalones] in all three versions of the software when one employs the use of larger numbers of animated, versus static, entities. The lattermost issue is the most difficult of the minor issues that still exist to deal with as an amateur developer, as this issue significantly impacts product quality / use / reliability, or seriously limits the amount of map in the product.Other than these minor issues, however, the TGC/Reloaded/GameGuru software has revolutionized the gaming industry [one of my Corporations [Comcast] is working with Nvidia on a National Infrastructure Project that will likely involve inexpensive bandwidth distribution channels that should make static data downloads inexpensive enough to distribute such gaming content efficiently in the near future], and I am looking forward to having another of my private companies {NBC} convert much of it's older catalog of television programming/dated content such as 1950's kitchen appliances into animated content with updated vernacular, and gaming products, respectively [yes, we are hiring].Keep up the good work!  -It really is the companies like GameGuru which are repairing the international economy.P.S. a better loader app [like the Reloaded tool bar] would be a nice addition for casual standalone distribution.Sincerely,Richard W. Custer"
76561198138474406,Recommended,266310,18435865,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,parkourislife,Its fun to mess around with but as far as realese a game onto the store...Id say no (due this litterally being and asset flip-type engine
76561198220677537,Recommended,266310,18308821,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,jbos,"*READ THIS BEFORE BUYING THIS GAME!!!*There is something that you absolutly need to know about this software before you buy it.1. It is worth EVERY PENNY!!! The usability in this program is amazing, the interface makes it so that anyone can design high end games, with thier own content! Instant easy.2.Compare it to the other --- And trust me, I DID. After using some of the other game doveloping software software, i was delighted to finally find one that doesn't spit out errors like the others. In GAME GURU I was able to put together a quick game in no time, not a splice of coding, on good GUI on this side. The advantaged of using Game guru became quite obvious right off the bat, The usability and the lack of confusion and errors made it easy and actually fun!3. Price, Price Price!!! Unity cost me an arm and a leg, Gamesalad and the others want lots of $$$ and here we are with a great program, where not only is the software MORE then a fair price for what you get, but they give you lots of demos in Multiplayer and Single Player for you to play with, and learn. The Guru Community is CONSTANTLY pumping out high quality Packages at insane low prices. |EG|.. Unity pacvkage for same scripts and graphics was %500 higher.. (REALLY???) ..... Only GameGuru seems to understand that developers dont have thousands of dollars to start projects,4. Customer response!!FREAKIN AMAZING!!! I had a hardware issue....Yep my bad, my problem, and yes, it caused issues, but the crazy part is, not with thier software, thier programming was solid, the only effects were on one computer out of my collection.NOW HERES THE KICKER!!!----->>> The developers of GAME GURU were right on it, giving full response and assisting me in working out my issue, replying often enough to never keep me waiting, (Even though it had nothing to do with thier side). if you want a program with amazing support, this is the one....the otherws you will find if you have issues you will be caught in the old ticket loop waiting....5. Constant Development...... They just dont stop upgrading, it only gets better. with constant development in Multiplayer capabilities and Engine improvents, these guys get the top koodos!!!So, I have been usings Pc's since the 80's and I have written everything from Text adventures to FPS and I have used everything from BASIC on and I by looking at all the experiences I have had, I can sum everything I have said today and done in the past to this one statment;THIS GAMEGURU------ I RATE 9/10 -------- Thanks to the company and community for this amazing package!!!"
76561198286622170,Not Recommended,266310,33979750,Posted: 2 August,all,lennylacey,"I do not like this, I spent all this Cash and I can not build indoor environments like the original.. very much ripped off I feel"
,Recommended,266310,14926910,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Keon McKeon,GameGuru otherwise known as Fps Creator Reloaded by many of us classic fans of the game creator community.I have been with the game creators community since 2011. ikr 0-0 long time lol and ive brought many of there packs and quite a lot from them. and all in all i can say this is the best thing they have ever made. heres a screenshot showing some true power of there game engine:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=409198728(IGNORE THE 31 MINUTES AND 5 SECONDS PREQUEL GAME THINGY. I COULDNT FIND THE GAMEGURU SCREENSHOT FOLDER) and yes this game or should i say software is the greatest thing i have ever seen for easy creating tools. amazing. - Keon McKeon
,Recommended,266310,14683079,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,DUMP,"This is a very easy to use game maker, and it does not take much time to make a fun little game. I will recommend this to people that would not take their time to sit down and learn a new coding language."
76561198189071167,Recommended,266310,24755775,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,markchapman.fin,"This is probably the best easy game engine that I have used and I have used many over the years, the community is A plus nad the dev/mod team is a bonus. With constantly updated content and features. Also updated dlc. you don't really need to learn how to script since most of what the new people want are simple scripts that have been made at least twice so all you need to know is how to plug them into the engine. I would recommend this if you want to make A multiplayer arena based games, or even single player survival/fps games.If you can model, animate and get them in the engine you will probably prosper here, the models are one of the most needed things in my oppinion, since scripting is pretty easy. I give this engine.11/10 would make another game with this engine again."
76561198100967947,Recommended,266310,24819804,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,dragonflyt,this game maker is really easy to use and has lots of stuff to use for any kind of game you want to make. the free stuff helps a lot to make the games to their store inside the game maker has  lots of good items to use to help make your game making better and more enveloping.
,Recommended,266310,15811001,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,尺么乙O尺,I hope this software may support my indie game making activity.
,Recommended,266310,16892189,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,The Prestige,Its easy to learn but hard to master creating vast terrians. highly reccomend as a starter engine
,Recommended,266310,29686363,Posted: 3 February,all,Surgical3ullets,"Its like the fallout creation kit minus the graphics. If you find this on sale I would say sure if you are new to game creating but if not than get UE,Unity, or other software"
76561198144883491,Recommended,266310,16906939,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Dota2isBetterThanLOL,Gameguru is a easy game maker engine which you to create a fps game . i will recommend this engine for beginers. anyway it will be better if they add multiplayer :Dthanks
,Recommended,266310,18345249,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,SCR1PTZ,"Over the last couple months, i been using gameguru, first off id like to mention how amazingly easy is to get the hang of , i had it figgured out the day i got it , the lua scripting (assuming your experienced in any scripting) is very easy to learn and if you are not experienced , in my opinion lua scripting would be a great place to start, as so far it seems to be easiest scripting language to get the hang of. for example i took one of my gsc scripts i wrote for my codwaw mod , and rewrote it in .lua , so i would have it in gameguru, now when i had originally wrote the script , to make it work bug free , it took about 4 or 5 hours , and was just over 500 lines of code , to do a script that does same thing in .lua (and of course have it working bug free) , it took me just over an hour , and uses less then 100 lines of code. So you can notice what im saying when i say lua scripting , is deff easy to get the hang of , and a great start for people wanting to gain the knowledge of coding...As for the community for gameguru , i have to say in my opinion , its hands down the best modding/scripting community ive come across, and ive come across alot of different modding/scripting communities. An amazing feature offered at the gameguru website aswell is the zendesk , which ive never seen at any modding/scripting community , where the creators of mod tools or said software , are able to be contacted for support , you can directly message them , and get a very helpful reply reasonably quick , for instance , everytime i've message them my wait time on reply has never been more then a day.Game-Guru Software has a variety of useful , easy-to-use , & helpful tools , including character creator & import model , which character creator is a very use way to design you own characters with a variety of character creator assets and custom assets can be made and added to use , and import model speaks for itself , but the really cool part of this feature , which i find very unique , is the ability to actually do the model scaling and settings all in the one screen.On top of all that, there is also an asset store , where users can buy very cool assets (guaranteed to work great) for a reasonable price, not to mention with this software , your not just making a mod on game already created , you actually make your own game , and to the point where you have rights to sell of you want to, there is not much else i can say other then check it out if you have not , its amazing & you should :D"
,Recommended,266310,18511045,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dasdad,"Not the game engine I'd expect, but quite a starter for beginners. Great for learning the basics and fundamentals of 3D games."
,Recommended,266310,18973598,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,CosmicPhantom,I'm going to start off by saying I have made a few FPS Games using FPS Creator and thought it was a bit limiting with most of the tools at the users disposal but this FPS Maker builds on that system to vastly improve it I found most things not beyond my reach to make they coding system is a bit confusing when trying to write custom scripts and functions but that’s what forums are for when I asked questions I got answers back within 24 hours and help implementing the scripts and functions without much hassle I would rate this FPS Maker 6/10 it’s not the best on the market but for the price you can't be that disappointed maybe when all the bugs and glitches have been corrected I'll post another review but until then I'll stick with my 6/10 review was almost a 7/10 but the test map Developer controls are a bit taxing on the brain.
,Recommended,266310,19208723,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,captainpooponchest,"Game Guru is an easy game maker like the tag line says. I like how you can sculpt to terrain to the way you like. You can definitely make some beautiful scenery if you put some work into it. Now they say you do not need to know coding to use game guru, which is true, but with a little knowledge about LUA goes a long way; the possibilities are nearly endless. Anyway just wanted to put in my 2 cents, I think this game engine is cool and I would recommend it to anybody, beginners and pros! Thank you for reading.-Str8savagem8"
76561198038570177,Recommended,266310,17112599,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ryder,"[Edit] Lots of the bugs have been crushed... and the system is far better behaved.  Still a few bugs here and there, but none that have caused me to lose work.GG supports essentially two levels of game production... one is a paint, drag and drop system that does a really nice job of making basic FPS games with ease.  Weapons, ammo, health, health paks you would expect from a basic FPS are all there... with animated reloading, zoomed sights, etc.The next mode is to dig into LUA scripting to get some additional functionality and customization.I like the balance GG is striking in terms of ease of use, vs making AAA games.The editor does seem to produce decent looking game levels.  The store system works ok, and there are decent assets to be had for a reasonable price.  The MegaPacks are a good deal.Finally, you can import 3D assets not just from their proprietary format (Dark Basic).    .3ds is now supported.(and why game engines wont import SketchUp objects is pure bonkers... the largest collection of free 3d assets in the known universe... and nobody supports it.  Madness, I say!)The system is slowly maturing, and I think its worth a look."
,Not Recommended,266310,30347942,Posted: 5 March,all,jefftechstuff,"Another Game Engine with Major problems that's found it's way onto Steam, not worth money.The developers say you can drop characters, with AI scripts, in your designed map and you have a game, I never actually thought it would be that easy and it presently won't perform like they stated for the following reasons:1. The AI is almost worthless unless you have completely open terrain and even then some models don't perform as they should.2. Models fire through walls, won't find opens to enter buildings, get stuck on objects, script stops working sometimes all together.3. AI allows the models to walk under water to their target, that one was kind of useful though... for characters emerging from the water to attack.4. Characters don't react to player when they come from behind.Note: I personally was hoping this engine would be easier to use than Unity 3D, because of all the scripting that is needed in Unity engine but it's not the case, Game Guru Engine is a work in progress, not ready for the drag and drop market."
76561198026361644,Recommended,266310,17245728,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,clockworksaga,"It's a bit glitchy and simple, but very easy to use."
,Recommended,266310,17293083,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,BLAZE IT MICHAEL,"I don't really like it, its not the kind of game I wanted to make really, but I would recommend it to more dedicated people."
,Recommended,266310,31303049,Posted: 22 April,all,yakkerf,Quite limited interms of its customization but fairly ok for basic fps shooters.Get it only if you are ok with the fact that your games will be mediocre AT BEST as the poor amount of customization and its very basic interface wont get you anywhere. I predicted this while buying this product and I can say that I got what I paid for.I made basic fps shooters very fast without any coding experience. 10/10 if you know what to expect.
,Recommended,266310,18272363,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,annieorben,"There are some things that I really like about Game Guru and some things that I think could use some improvement.Pros -The complexity is managed exceptionally well in this title. The editor is extremely intuitive. There's very little chance of really screwing up your work. The editor is in a very early stage of development. There’s a great amount of effort spent on communicating with users, both listening to complaints, requests and compliments. There is also a lot of educational material produced and a nice BLOG to keep up to date on how the product is developing. The pace of development is quick. There are thousands of expansion objects available for purchase to help start projects. You can import externally created objects. Lua scripting support is getting better all the time!Cons -The engine isn't as polished as others. Performance isn't that great. (But is being worked on heavily at the time of this writing.) What can be produced is limited to what's supplied in many ways and extending the tool beyond it's original feature set is still somewhat painful. More comprehensive help/documentation is needed.Conclusion -The engine isn't for everyone. It is for people interested in making games who want to focus on design / strategy more than technical details. Coming from a software engineering background, I've developed a great appreciation for the amount of work that goes into making products that simplify processes in a smooth and intuitive way. I have been and continue to be impressed by this project."
76561198004315741,Recommended,266310,19150923,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,articlefriendly,"Rating: 7/10 at this tiimeAs you can probably tell from my hours of using GameGuru, I've very much enjoyed using it, and still do. You can make some nice looking levels fairly easily, and there is lots free and paid assets to help. The Forum support people and Devs are helpful, and if you don't want to do anything but make levels and plop in included entities and 3d models, or buy some from the GameGuru store, this is a good choice to start with in level/game creation. And mostly an enjoyable hobby.Be aware though, that if you wish to go further than that in GameGuru, you will be leavinng the ""easy game maker"" part and you will need to:1. Learn Lua and what it can or can't do in GameGuru. I enjoy learning new things and already have a background in coding, so this is not a minus for me, but may not excite you that much. Also be prepared to hunt down the sparsely documented, scattered and limited GameGuru function calls and try to find how to use them. The GameGuru forum sometimes helps, but other times you will be googling constantly for help as the GameGuru Forum search ability isn't that great. And unless you know exactly what you are looking for, searching may be a long process.2. Learn 3d modeling, animation, texturing. About the only free option for any of these is Blender, and it's not a ""learn in two days"" thing, and neither are the paid expensive options. You will have to be very dedicated to learning for a long time before it really benefits you.GameGuru does though come with a basic model importer (DirectX files the only really viable option at this time) and limited character creator (Limited human race choices, ages, sizes, body types, not much in civilian clothes and no civilian or other clothing available in DLC form at this time). Still, an improvement over nothing at all.Of course you'd also have a learning curve with any of the free game engines, so there's that.I bought GameGuru with some DLC in a bundle for around $2.00, so I'm not complaining about the price!I should also mention that although you will still be limited (even if you do learn LUA and 3d modeling stuff) in what you can do with GameGuru, the creators appear to be trying to improve things, and add more options (as evidenced by the latest update to C++ and group selections in the level editor).At this time, I give GameGuru a 7/10 as it now has no save/load ability for the standalone games, day/night cycle, does have difficult dialoging/text options, no vehicle option beyond static or moving a static car with custom lua scripting, poor mele and missing other things you'd normally find in most games. But if the Game Creators actually update GameGuru to even half of the requests (there is a page to vote for the next addition to GameGuru), I will be the first to give it a 100/10 (and it's starting to look like I will be doing that eventually)."
76561198226389740,Recommended,266310,19184965,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,traseshallenberger,"i recommend this easy to use software,also i wanted to say somehow it just opened by its self any now i cant close it."
76561198129580744,Recommended,266310,16964558,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,♦ gяαςє мσитє ♦,gameguru is epic buy it
76561198032314537,Recommended,266310,18313818,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Jax Sith,I Purchased the GameGuru-2 Pack and it says i do not own the 2 Pack I would like to know why please.
,Not Recommended,266310,20774939,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Osto80,"I've been looking at this software for a while, and been on the fence about buying it. Ive seen the reviews, but somehow I thought these people just didn't get what this product was.Oh, how wrong I was.How is this software allowed to be sold here on Steam?Poor performance, poor UI, poor everything. It's like somebody took the Farcry 3 editor, ripped out anything useful, and sold it as an standalone product.I can't recommend anyone to buy this."
76561197966495909,Recommended,266310,19139750,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,CONDOR [ V ],"With yesterday's C ++ Performance update GameGuru is one step closer to the big name Engines. And then there is the much anticipated DX-11 update coming soon.GG is the Ideal tool for new developers with no programming background who are looking for a way to launch a game developing career.  For those who further along that daunting road then GamaGuru in its current state is probably the easiest prototyping tool ever!...................,,-~*~,,................../:.:.:.:.:.|..................|;.;.;.;.;./..................|.;.;.;.;.|..................).;.;.;.;.|.....,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|....(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,..,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""..\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\...\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/::\. ..\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,"":::\.... """"""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-"":::::::\"
,Not Recommended,266310,25534842,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,87Oscar87,"I highly do not reccommend buying this unless you can have it for free.1) Everything you make lags. Even with good PC specs.2) Barely any assets. If you want something other than barrels and sandstone houses (basically) then you have to buy the highly over-priced DLC (I have not used the DLC, rather a friend also got this software and the DLC).EDIT:The dev has apparently added 2.8GB of assets, one of the only devs that listen so thumbs up!3) Not much you can do with it. All you can do is make a small FPS game with not much in it or a horror game (but there is not much to do with a horror game). It is possible to do something else with it, but when I have tried it never really worked out.4) So far I have not found a way to change controls. There may be a way, but I have not found it.EDIT: Thanks, Belidos, there is apparently a way to change controls.There is more, but I can't be bothered to put it here.4/10, Unity is a lot better and really easy to get the hang of quickly.EDITSo the Dev is asking me to put the points I liked, so here we go:1) The character creation tool was pretty good, considering for most software you have to create your own models which is annoying to create a simple quick game.2) The quick terraforming was pretty good but sometimes hard to level out mountains (even with the levelling tool)5) The DEV seems like a nice guy, I give him that.Also my specs:OS: Windows 10 64-bit (Gonna get Windows 7 soon though).Processor: AMD A8-6500 3.50GHz (4 core)Graphics Card: Radeon hd 8470 (Gonna get a new one but this should work for GameGuru)RAM: 14GBPersonally this games feels like a first-try at a game creation kit made by a single dude in two days, one creating the art and one coding."
76561198061748078,Not Recommended,266310,29473751,Posted: 24 January,all,mortalprison,"I've wasted the last several hours being frustrated with this software.  If you are going to use it, save your work often. Seems like a no brainer thing to say, but I was making three or four edits before it would ""reload from earlier version.""  I couldn't make any progress, because I spent at least as much time waiting on the program to reload as I did creating content.   Unity seems to be a much better program.  I'm not sure what the issue was, my rig is well above the minimum specs required to run Guru.It seems like a good beginners tool with plenty of optional DLC, but it simply isn't capable of meeting my needs."
,Recommended,266310,15913470,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Kraxie,"Seems good so far.I will update this review more and more when I get to use it more often!Also tried it when it was in Early Access, but it was pretty bad back then with very limited features, but now it's lots better with export features etc.You can do code if you want, which is done with the lua language, but you can make any game really without it, but it's there if you want it. I haven't touched Lua in this yet, but I've mad previous games in Lua and it's a good language to start with.Now to the ""bad"" things. These can be bad or doesn't matter, depending on what you want to use it for.It does have Steam support, but I have yet to try out if it fully supports it, with being able to join games etc. over Steam.No Linux support. I mean, why not? App Game Kit and stuff had Linux support, so why not this?Overall, great if you just want to start making games with simple to no coding."
,Not Recommended,266310,26445996,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Interpolated,"Save your money please....I have purchased several game development tools and this one shouldn't even be considered an engine. It is bad. Go get unreal or unity if you want to make games...there is no shortcut for making a good game, don't consider this one. Go learn to program."
76561198008313387,Recommended,266310,14678500,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Napoleon,"I like it. It's really easy to use, and I am already close to having my first game done! Of course it needs work, but it is great as it is now!"
76561198091511393,Recommended,266310,14727367,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Raymond,very fun to mess around with cant wait for the futrue
,Recommended,266310,15175228,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ZoneMaster,"After just a couple hours of tinkering I would highly recommend this to anyone with little to no game dev experience. You can not go wrong for $19.99 and a store that has community made assets for sale and and some for free. The dev's seem to be highly active in the development and are taking interest in community suggestions, which is always a good thing! I am looking forward to more of what's in store next.  - my personal vote - 9/10 (it's 1 less than 10 so it's pretty darn good.)"
76561198190957043,Recommended,266310,20601023,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SpinFire,"Great Engine, needs alot of work/ improvments. First of all ladders should have been implemented long ago same with swimming, Needs better AI & Graphics. Player controls need to be more fluent and better gunplay since this is a fps creator, like weapon tracers/ better impact decal etc. Theres no reason why we cant get all these, forget the other pointless updates and do whats needed to make this a decent engine again. For the Ease of use of this engine and the price of it with all dlcs, You can just go get UFPS on Unity and make better/ reliable games. Theres nothing holding you back on there niether unlike this one. I like gameguru just tired of it not going no where good."
76561198130790115,Recommended,266310,21929827,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,THE SWEEDISH NUKE,amazing works realy well
76561198022788194,Recommended,266310,35053184,Posted: 18 September,all,Hakke,"no EASY ""game making"" here for a noob - and probably no GOOD game making for the pro. maybe something inbetween ?but i think there is nothing quite like it anyway!playing around with game-guru is so much FUN!!taking it as a serious game-making tool might be a bad idea. but well taking game making too serious might be a even worse idea... so there is something here even if i do not know what it is ( after 600+ hours) ;Pi guess it´s uncharted territory.i like and recommend it for what it is- even if it is unclear whatr it is. a GAME or a GAME-MAKING TOOL ?pros :- really quick and fun ""level design"" with thousands of free assets available-it´s fun to play around with sound-easy building editor is quite goodcons :- dificult to make anything that has fun gameplay other than a walking simulator and even then it´s kinda tough to make it interesting..... unless you know how LUA which isnt easy like promised.- not enough easy to use scripts available- feels really unfinished after years of development-character editor is badi know it´s only one guy making this and i reall respect the work done- it´s awesome and i had some really excellent creative moments with this- but it still doesnt feel like a tool .i wish this would have a really big dev team on it because the idea is awesome.hope this will succeed !"
,Recommended,266310,15224779,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Crash_Tootall,"I just picked this up (as in only an hour ago) and I already have a few suggestions.Please adjust your interface to show what the shortcut keys are for everything. Also, I have this game up in another window right now and I can see the maps doing things as I am typing, please fix it so that the program doesn't recognize keystrokes when it is not the selected window. Further, my keyboard has a function key (FN) when I use the alternate functions, the program doesn't seem to realize that. Please try to find a way to fix this as well."
,Recommended,266310,15776709,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Callum,"Make games fast with this new game creating software!If you used FPS creator which is an older game developing software by The Game Creators, then you will love this!"
76561198121074856,Recommended,266310,23273681,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,kill me please,"I have to say, this is one of the better GameEngines. First off, the graphics are nice, they are not UDK levels, but they still look good. The AI is okay I guess (unless you are indoors, because they just run into walls). The animations are nice, the weapons are nice, and it does live up to its name, ""The Easy Game Maker"". With all the features that you plan on adding (like building editor, menu editing, etc.), for me, it would be a 9.5/10, or even a 10/10."
,Recommended,266310,34331539,Posted: 18 August,all,Ceppo98,"Good tool for making game for/with friends, but I disapprove any commercial usage"
,Recommended,266310,21895522,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MegaPixel,"So, yesterday I wrote a review about this game, and I feel I was too harsh. So, read my old review, but don't walk away thinking it's bad.First, There is an EPIC character development system. I don't like all of them, but it's perfect if you're like me and can't model well. It's so cool!Secondly, the game engine isn't intuitive, because you actually do need code, but it's ok. The games you can make aren't that bad, I just recommend watching a podcast on their youtube channel (Which isn't bad, check them out!).There are a few demos in the engine which are pretty cool. They're short, which is basically all you can make, but I'm ok with that. It means it's short but sweet.So please. If you're a beggining developer, try this engine. If you don't like it, try to get a refund. They have such a nice development team, and the game has some really nice downloadable things made by the communitty, I just wish it was a bit cheaper.Score: 6.5 - 7.5 / 10Old Review:I might not know much about game development, but I do make games. If you want to make a game easilly, without any knowledge of programming, with good graphics, a good story, and a vast open world, I recommend you don't buy this engine.________________________________________________________________________________ConsFirst, they completely lie about ""No programming"". If you want an actual game, not just a couple guns and a random enemy, sure. If you want to have an acceptable game, well then hope steam gives you a refund. They have a 1 hour broadcast on how to make one horrible line of dialouge! Not to mention that it could take days to learn how to to it!I personally don't care about graphics. If you want next gen, well that's pretty hard. I actually like simpler graphics, but maybe they can work a little more on the models.Ever played an old minecraft world where it's only about 100x100 blocks? That's pretty much the space of this engine. I'm not joking, You have to make a whole lot of things or set up different levels to make that work.________________________________________________________________________________Pros-I really like the use of an easy custom character setup, and there are a couple cool things there.The engine has a couple ways to make a good map, and after about 2 hours, I learned about the tools, Learning and exploring is key to the engine.________________________________________________________________________________Now, I try to be nice and fair, I'm only explaining why I don't like this engine. Maybe I was too hard on this, but I think I did a good job of telling you what you'll find in the engine.4/10"
,Recommended,266310,21932066,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,John Smith,"I wish for the inbetween option from steam here, i almost refunded it but decided to give it a second chance. I'm happy with my choice, the worst of this software is the AI, I hope the devs will focus on that, The pyhsics and gun play are awesome, but there is alot of work to do"
,Recommended,266310,25766042,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ATOOOT,Great Game maker.
76561198182074813,Recommended,266310,16215060,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,crsplawnyk,how do I get the 3rd person view I have the game guru but didnt get that update yet.
,Recommended,266310,21382105,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,-ZX-,"good for people who arent to serious about game development and want to share there creations with there friends, easy to use and great sharing capabilies."
,Recommended,266310,14779829,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,James M. Cornett,"The Techstyle Review: GameGuruAs I was browsing along♥♥♥♥♥com, I saw this being offered for $4.73. While discounted prices are usually good, I've had previous experience with TGC's work (FPS Creator, DarkBASIC), so rather than undercut them, I decided to buy directly through Steam to give them the support they need.And am I glad I did!First, let's get something right--YOU ARE NOT going to be able to create a AAA game with this software, and quite honestly...I'm glad for that. (I mean, have you SEEN the way AAA games have been done lately? Their quality at launch makes Sonic 2006 look playable by comparison!) TGC makes a concerted effort to make sure they tackle any stability issues with their software, and GameGuru seems no different. Best of all, you instantly get the ability to sell the games you make with no further royalties paid to TGC, which shows how much faith they have in this product that they're not forcing a percentage on you past a certain point of sales (read: Unity and Unreal).At the time of this writing, it's in Build 1.00.016, meaning it's still early on in feature development, but workable enough to create a game that harkens to the era of Doom and Wolfenstein, when features like a currency system and RPG skill trees were insane to be considered in an FPS. But it also allows for horror settings (read: zombies) and, rather interestingly, cartoon-style settings, with game demos of how to build each type of game. Whereas past editors required a grid-like system or understanding of the easy-to-learn scripting language, this time around you don't need that at all. It's truly a paint-style editor where you can alter the terrain, place water and foilage, and place entities and marker zones (such as stage start, stage end, lighting, etc). The sliders features also add the ability to create your own look and feel for a stage. Looking for a Courage the Cowardly Dog kind of feel? It's possible here!Prominent video game reviewers like Jim Sterling might have an issue with yet another engine being available to develop what they call ""plug-and-play design"" games, but the problem with past engines is that the content available is so drastically different that it's possible you need just one more asset, but the moment you find it, it's completely different style-wise from the rest of the game you're making. TGC makes sure their provided content has a consistent style, as well as their GameGuru store in the app. Even if you decide to mix genres, as my idea will do, it'll have enough consistencies in style to make it look rational. Plus, you also have longtime TGC contributors Errant AI and Rolfy, among others, contributing content via the store as well. Yes, the graphics aren't exactly next-gen, but so long as you have solid gameplay and the look is consistent, it's not that big of a deal.My only real complaint is that there seems to be way too many static models on the GameGuru store and not enough characters/enemies. If some of the FPSC or DarkMATTER content could be converted and used in this engine, that would be incredible, but some more original concepts would be perfect as well. This may be addressed with their Character Creator as well, but at the time of this writing, that element had not made it into the software yet.If you're a fan of TGC's previous software or you have a child who wants to experiment with game design like my son does, you won't be disappointed here. If you're not familiar with their works, I'd suggest at least waiting until more of the features are plugged in before getting this. If you're expecting to develop a AAA game, you're going to get better results out of GameGuru than Ubisoft did on their own in 2014, but you'll probably be disappointed and want to head toward Unreal. As I stated, this is not an engine you use to design the next AAA game; rather, it's used to design games you'll enjoy and be proud to put on sale. So long as you go into this development suite with the right expectations, GameGuru is an engine that'll give you the right tools at the right time (and extensive documentation--give TGC credit, most engines don't give you any idea how and why certain tools work) to make a complete game that works for what you're going for.Techstyle Rating: 4/5 (Excellent)Recommended for: Game developers wanting to make a quick project; people not familiar with coding but still want to express their ideas; people with children interested in developing games; people who focus on gameplay rather than graphicsNot Recommended for: people expecting to create a AAA game with next-gen graphics"
,Recommended,266310,17157188,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Fishy_Scale,"10/10, Would uninstall again."
76561198021906261,Recommended,266310,18444027,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,voltoron,"I have been using Game Guru for some - what .... 150 hours  - by now and am absolutely thrilled by the possibilities and models you can produce in this excellent 3D model program. For a humble webcomic writer this program is excellent!I created an entire city (called Alurian City) for a webcomic called ""Zone 19"" with all the miniscule details (down to sewer grates and a night bar He he!). Creating a city that takes up 8/10th of the largest map area does take some time though. But it was worth it.Creating your very own backgrounds in 3D for all sorts of comics is pretty easy with Game Guru.Oh... And do use the ""snap"" mode for objects (Press ""B"" to find it). You are going to love it.Easy to use, easly to learn and can be customized nearly anyway ever needed! You pretty much just need to follow the video tutorials in the program (via Youtube) and you are in business! I can really recommend this product and the many cool objects you can get in the Asset store. It has made my work with webcomic backgrounds so much easier!So.... Give it a try. I for one can only recommend this excellent program! Well done Game Guru! :-)"
76561198224562296,Recommended,266310,30897642,Posted: 2 April,all,calum_1999,they need to stop adding new things right now. they need to focus on fixing bugs. the amount of bugs limets the giant future this game engine could have. other then that it is realy realy good!!!
,Not Recommended,266310,16081715,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Kat_CZ,"Ist just money eater and there are many free engines, than this crap."
76561198010743274,Recommended,266310,26056448,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,deathincarnate2,just a few youtube videos and you are on your way to producing a video game for patent or just to put on steam to get your name out there for a job. many companies are secretly just game guru users. Well now they are rich so why should they stop using  the software that made them that way.a list of reasons why you should use game guru.1. i just started making one a few days ago and i already have completed about ten percent of a test map. this map will teach me all the components i need to make an original game.2. the scripting is pre-prepared for a drop down list configuration system that make it so easy that i am convinced that if i come up with an original story that i will be getting rich very soon.3. i am only waiting right at this very moment for confirmation as to if the patent system in my area allows the use of gps coordinates used  in the system to layout my maps can be used if i forgo terrain enhancement so that my patent list will just be a bunch of reference numbers with gps coordinate indicating location. this will greatly reduce the cost of patenting and allow beginners with only a small amount of money to get into this billion dollar industry.4.this simple method does require specifically that you don't use the terrain feature and only work with a flat plain for your game map. So good luck out there and patent away but be warned adding terrain may make you have to do photographs of the made terrain that may have to be a full sheet of paper instead of the (object patent reference number) and (with a gps coordinate) indicating location.5.if it doesn't allow for this all we have to do is vote to create a patent office emulator and for this all we have to do is vote for it to get game guru to create it and give it to the U.S. patent office and a copy of our games and then they can use there computers to error check it and then use the simple gps and reference number system to patent all or games so cheap that we will all be rich good luck signed thetorturedgamer.P.S.6. To all people out there trying to make a game if you a have problem like game gury lee did during his videos then just stick to the parameters that work and make something that fits until it is fixed and get your money while can before all possible stories are patented. The number is not infinite and just making an original story may be difficult so patent the actual story first and if it is not contestable make it no matter what. then you will have the money to do whatever you want.
,Recommended,266310,22407801,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,HopelessDecoy,"This is a neat program for making games, it's simple and easy to use. The interface is intuitive (for the most part) and the functionality is there and easy to access. HOWEVER I have high expectations for it's development for it feels like a late development beta product at times, the biggest issue is water is not swimable, and the small issues are numerous, mostly functionality that should already be there but isn't. there are some stability issues but they pop up infrequently and with any software you should be saving often.***I also get a bad taste in my mouth from all the DLC, I like buying DLC to support devs and get nice things that make my product better, but the free updates to the engine are too far and few between. I want a better engine then I'll buy all your models. You'd increase sales across the board if you put more work into updates to your engine and made it a competitor on the 3D dev market****BUT I don't know your team size or the amount of money you need to do these things, and that's why I recomend this because as far as software goes this is hella good enough for that 20 dollar price tag and I'm glad you guys sacrifice to put your product out this cheap for almost anyone to use.Thank you!EDIT:The DLC is suposedly made by a third party so nevermind that, Still though keep churning out the updates we all want and this will end up an A+ product :)"
,Recommended,266310,22348273,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Lolikerz,"I oiginally didn't like this software when I first got it, but it seems after I returned it, it has gotten better... this is pretty cool now."
76561198119173276,Recommended,266310,23990653,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fr0STYY,Love It Best Game Maker For Beginners!!!!!!
,Recommended,266310,17401803,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,P-Boy,I find that GameGuru Struggles a lot to run on my pc and i know that my pc is not an amzing £1000 editing pc but i would think that it could run this but on every setting i have tried it is constantly laggy and i cannot do anything.
76561198049687927,Recommended,266310,18307283,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Monteus,Drag and drop game making. Easy to use but requires effort to get great results.
,Recommended,266310,18467054,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,EyeFlaps,"A really good game engine for people just starting development, for fun, etc. You can make your games very easy, distribute and sell them with no catch (seriously!), share battle games, horror games, whatever you want. The community is also really helpful and there are MANY models for the engine if you can't find one you are looking for.If you hate coding, this is for you! :)There are a few games made by GameGuru on steam you should check out. They usually go 99 cents each.UPDATE 2/18/16:After a few months of use I have more new positive and some negative thoughts. Again my favorite part of the engine is royalty free. You just don't see that often and its really good, because this engine has great potential and there are now hundreds of scripts and mods that you can download free or purchase (Depending on what it is) and use them in your game royalty free and can sell your game. There are scripts that you can even make a full blown RPG on the gameguru store. Its a really good engine and I highly recommend it. Me and my team are currently working on a retail game using GG and we've coded our own work arounds and patches to make the engine much more flexible to our needs. This shows how well this engine was developed and its truly gamer friendly.TGC have been doing a fantastic job updating and fixing the engine to remove the early bugs and other problems and it even runs alot better on older hardware, which is really good because eventually this engine could even replace FPS Creator Classic (Which in my opinion is still the best FPS creator in the series).My only negative thoughts is the GUI and change of server policy. The GUI isn't really organized well and unless you look through compiled files and change things yourself, there is no direct or obvious way to change your loading screens or menu screens, making it so that people who compile their games, well, sometimes the new developers like the one who developed ""Verge: The Lost Chapter"" use stock GameGuru loading screens, which caused them to lose review points for people calling it cheap. My other negative issue is the policy change. GameGuru no longer can download unlimited free items from the store. Now, its limited to 5. Not weekly, not daily. MONTHLY. That is pretty bad. I don't agree with that. Yes, servers cost money, but GameGuru, from my understanding, is selling well. 5 downloads a month is something I don't agree with. I run my own download FTP server for game betas and demo hosting for indie devs and I am a small time developer who has my own life and isn't a huge company, but I don't limit downloads. I simply limit speed. Doesn't cost much and I have over 100GB+ going out of my server every two weeks id estimate. Anyways...Aside from that,I love GameGuru."
,Recommended,266310,18602310,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,evoker,I'm very impressed by how easy it is to build games quickly. Performance is disappointing though. The biggest sample game (Mountain Morning Stroll) was only 15 fps for me (i5 + 640M) after I built a standalone .exe of it. But the devs are promising to improve performance soon so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and I expect even better things to come.Pros:Very easy to useFlexible scripting with LuaQuality assets included and more available in the storeLow priceCons:Compiled games tend to be huge in terms of file sizeFairly complex maps have a low framerate on a 2012-era PC with Nvidia graphics (I only had my laptop to test with)Overall I recommend GameGuru because I trust the devs and the current version is still a pleasure to use despite the issues I mentioned on my end (especially since I'm still starting out so my own maps are on the simple side).
76561197972036317,Recommended,266310,19563981,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,martincranshaw,"At first I thought it was a bit limited,But having delved further into I was wrong it's easy to add cut scenes (WMV)Format.The terrain editor is doddle to use.You can make a simple game in minutes or spend as long as you want adding plants trees or numerous other entities-all of which may be made explodable when hit by bullets.Great fun."
,Recommended,266310,18443215,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,FB||NoT||Gamer man casejar.com,this is the best game maker ever and its so easy to make a game dont listion to those other dislikes this is so easy
,Recommended,266310,33807254,Posted: 26 July,all,mrgamingfever,"How do I say this...AMAZINGYou can't make a full game out of this, but when they finish development (it's still in development) the graphics is not all that bad neither great. The DLC are great I buyed all of them. And overall it's great, buy it before they make the price go up. It used to be $20"
,Recommended,266310,18512047,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,M-109,It's unfair to make a review at this point because GameGuru is still in development. There are still huge performance issues that need to be addressed. I vote up because the game engine looks promising for casual game developers or for those people wanting to get started with games development.I wish the developers all the best to succeed.
,Recommended,266310,18420026,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,tigers629801,Game Guru is great for first time game makers it also has great future development in progress
76561197970617033,Recommended,266310,29326538,Posted: 17 January,all,3D Builder,"Good 3D engine for beginners and modders.""Create, play and share fun games on your PC with absolutely no technical knowledge needed!""This is what is saying the site main page.GameGuru is for people that don't know how to code or how to model and that want to make a game using pre made template and scripts.GameGuru is not a finished product, it is in active development.Pros+ FPS template with lot of ready to use weapons and objects+ A character creator with customisation+ Ragdoll made automatic+ Lot of ready to use AI scripts, no coding to make gameplay+ Simple and very friendly editor  for beginners+ A lightmapper+ Making a game is fun+ Lot of cheap DLC models addons for users that don't know how to modelCons- No particle system- Very limited Physics , no Physics Api available for coders- Graphics are outdated- Performance is bad until you decrease your level details a lot- Lot of hard coded effects and gameplay- FPS is hard to customise about new weapons, player model or animations- TPS is not customisable- This is not a complete 3D engine Api designed to make any game genre- Model importer is outdated and not great- Workflow is outdated you must edit lot of stuff in a text editorIf you are an already exprienced game developper with bigger expectations, it is not suited for you or it will bring you lot of frustration.If you are a beginner or a 3D artist that doesn't know how to make a game or how to code, it will allow you to make a complete game without coding.It is very cheap, it has no royalties, it comes with lot of characters and 3D models, it's perfect for hobbysts."
,Recommended,266310,33880599,Posted: 29 July,all,aarondespard,AWESOME GAME GURU IS THE BEST!!!!!! I HAVE SPENT MORE THEN 600 hours on it!!
76561197996465713,Recommended,266310,14759655,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Tarkus1971,"This is a great program now , even though its early access it is still very usable and powerful, lots of free assets available, easy to use, great dev support, well worth the money.As I have now put 1000+ hours in on GameGuru, I feel I can now give a full review.The editor, engine has improved a lot since the 1st release here on steam, it is now very stable, the 3D engine is now fast thanks to the C++ update, but does need at least a 2GB GFX card.Community support is the best I have ever experienced, the devs are very very helpful and normally come back with a response within minutes.  When I first bought this I had a level up and running in 15 minutes, yes it is that easy, or course if you want to expand, you can with LUA, which I'm now getting to grips with.Lots of FREE assets when you buy GG, but the gameguru website is what helps this program become better than any other game creator, there are FREE objects, SFX, music, and when you do decide to buy they are so cheap, a complete set of buildings for $10, and they are good too, hundreds and hundreds of other objects are available to.I must mention the asset store on the GameGuru website, this has an amazing set of music, objects and packs for a ridiculously cheap price. A lot of authors will also try and accomodate your sort or style of game you are trying to create too! If you purchase a pack of assets, if you leave a message in the forums there, you just might get some of the stuff you need made and added to existing packs. How cool is that.Constant twitch broadcasts, once a week, make the software even easier to use than it already is. Full 3D editing, LUA scripting if you need to. Very powerful now, and getting better all the time.Updates are regular and there is some good stuff coming soon.You have to buy this, you won't regret it.I have over 1000 hours on this now so don't let the negatives who have only used it for minutes or a few hours put you off.... Check out this videos below on my projects.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPipysjxHVkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OQL7w21CfAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBcOOffBaDkHope you enjoy."
76561198100642623,Recommended,266310,16008628,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SheerCold90,Bought it when it first got released and I was really disappointed. The developers have been doing a great job ever since. I hope they keep up the good work!
,Recommended,266310,25659641,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,John Wick,very easy to use . developers are very nice and prompt on responding to any issue you may be having. And will work with you to resolve the issue every step of the way. Their dev team is just awesome A++bugs are normal in any game engine.
76561197972525309,Recommended,266310,21289549,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,TH4TBOYMARC,"Seems like something in development. Quite broken, I originally thumbs  downed it but the devs are working hard to fix it, and have been very responsive so I decided to be nice. I also had quite a bit of fun messing around in it. Watch the videos to get an idea of what you're getting your self into.Example of Game Editor w/ Review Commentaryhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o60a-BPHSuQExample of the Stand alone version of the game w/ commentary(V 1.13)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKbW6bM4Js4-Cheers and Happy Gaming, and keep up the good work Devs this could be a gem someday if you fix the issues!That Boy Marc"
76561198020579210,Recommended,266310,34982650,Posted: 15 September,all,quatmosk,"While I do recommend this, it just didn't work very well with my laptop, which isn't some POS slouch, but is pleasantly mid-range. I would simply recommend, for anyone who wants to use this software, to really watch the tutorials, get a good sense of how it will perform, and make sure you're using a pretty hefty system."
76561198346348916,Recommended,266310,35212991,Posted: 25 September,all,ethancontreras341,"huhuh...well game guru is very cool when u first get it. after a while it,it just gets boring not much has changed i had this since i was 11 0r 12 nothing really changed. If they want advice for their game engine make a new one or at least work really work on game guru instead of working on adding new things or updating old silly things like day and night cycle or EBE ( easy builder editor crappy at times) work on the graphics yes u say its good but in reality its not the best make it better. If i made this engine or at least had ownership of it i would shut down all up coming new updates and completely redesign the grapichs unity style or somthing a little lower than that i would make a better layout of the engine not to keep it weird and if they do listen to this post (most likely wont they will think im a hater completely not one i like this engine a lil) if they make a new engine and make the title game guru 2.0 and we have to download a new software because of some reason or somthing dont make us pay 30 or some weird price for it at least let the people who first got game guru get it because im sure long time game guru users would not like paying 30 or more bucks. making your engine look like unity pro style u would get more people buying and or reviewing the engine for real though  u must know u would get more customers.also work on the scripts plz get a new set of workers if u have to im pretty sure u earned alot from this. 2 more things game guru ceo or worker there if you care for your customers u would respond in a vid or a post somewhere telling us at least something about this post. And finally do not take this personally or me hating game guru i like it its good"
76561198183246887,Recommended,266310,23402019,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cloud9 Swag - iwnl - csgoboss,TO good
,Recommended,266310,24487075,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,KiNGstarNoah,very cool needs a conkit but you can find one online and a little more customization but still very good
,Recommended,266310,34815293,Posted: 8 September,all,Gigi,"As a game graphic designer before having kids, this is one of innovation for them.GameGuru is great tool to learn how to make games for some people who doesn't know computer scripting. I am watching livestream on youtube to following how to do with files. That helps me a lot.Best side of this tool is, developers are very passionated to make tool better.Users can vote for various funtion in GameGuru then developers actually make it real.Everyone who got the tool can see what's done and what's not done yet."
,Recommended,266310,23402431,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,SpaceBuddy,This software is getting better with every update
76561198311983336,Recommended,266310,34516593,Posted: 26 August,all,ComputerTech,At first this was going to be a crappy program that I would never use after the day I got it.  But I was very wrong.   This is the best and most easy to use program I have ever seen.  I would recommend this program to anyone!  Thank you for creating this wonderful software!
,Recommended,266310,25087480,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,HaZeBladeYT,the software is good but can this be on mac and i lanched the application on pc and there was this stupid bug where  i could not see the gun it worked with the sword and i can see only a little bit with the sniper so heres some inprvovements: make a mac edtion for game guru  make sure its on the this product and fix the bug which which prevents you form seeing the weapons thanks :)
,Recommended,266310,14882023,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Fmc66,love this game like to mesarownd with it
76561198154644983,Recommended,266310,15694189,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,(SR) Joseph (NA),"Good for if your just starting and coding is not for you,your not going to make  the best games but worth it for the price overall, I recommend it if your just starting and are confused with coding,also I would have like 60 hours+ but I play in offline for this a TON."
,Recommended,266310,20711747,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Daddy Joe,"At first I thought this was pretty nice. It is low priced and simple to use. After spending a few hours of making a game, however, this ""easy game maker"" started to glitch out very badly (so much that development is completely impossible) and I still haven't been able to fix it, and after closing GameGuru and trying to reopen it, hoping it was a minor error, it was still supposedly running when it definitely isn't. I'm not sure how often people come across this kind of problem, but if it is common, save your time and money and buy something else.EDIT: The issue was resolved by restarting my PC. Other than that and temporary problems it is a very good game engine for beginners."
,Recommended,266310,21468099,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,☣ HeroSindrome,I'm a total idiot when it comes to game development software.This is simple. It's fun. And I can finally make my very first game. Wish me luck!
76561198030832952,Recommended,266310,21675712,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,jennyleuchtman,"I love this program.  It is simple and easy to use.  There are a few things I haven't figured out but with the online support, fourms, groups etc.  you can get help as you need.  I love the vast content that is available and the fact that you can make your own content.I had a little problem with their store and a purchase but they took care of it within 24 hours.  Not only that but the developer himself took care of it on U.K.'s mothers day.  Now that is taking care of a customer.I would recomment this to anyone who likes modding, and making your own games.  I am a hard sell being a grpahic designer.  I am sole on this product."
76561198056706485,Recommended,266310,21753731,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Sativa Savant,What it lacks in overall features as compared to something like Unreal DK it more than makes up for in its ease of use and excellent interface. Entity placement is pretty similar to the Arma 3 level editor. It's also a continuingly evolving piece of software with people in its forums who have been creating AI scripts and such which keep pushing its abilities further on a steady basis.  If you have no experience with game creation and no coding knowledge I would say this is a perfect place to get started.
,Recommended,266310,23265100,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,TripleGod3,I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!THIS IS THE BEST GAMEMAKER IN THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 - The Program Has Very Good Grafic2 - Its Very Easy To Make A Good Game3 - (con) I Used To Like The Old Name FPS Creator4 - Character Creator5 - :DDDDD6 - Idk
,Recommended,266310,31446432,Posted: 29 April,all,Mr EA King <YT>,I am really enjoying this software very easy to use and understand. Engine is always being updated and they have a helpful youtube channel where they give little tutorials. Community is nice and helpful as long as you show an effort. Work still needs to be done to perfect the engine but with open coding available for alot of the aspects allows for customization or creation of things that are not yet implemented. Oh and can be ok graphics or really nice so low end machines can run it and the games it makes but a high end machine will allow your games to shine. I give it a 8/10 for Game Development Software. Due to ease of use and customization.
,Recommended,266310,15931096,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Trillnar,"This is my third Program I have bought from this company and like the other ones i bought , This software  only works to a certain extent  I bought 3d gamemakerr and it never worked right , I bought Dark Basic and it never worked right (kept crashing ),So I see this game on steam on sale for 11 bucks and I thought I would try it . Well it sort of works and sort of does not just like all the others. If you will review their site, The Game creators is Fameous for releasing a product then they  release a ""better"" product to get a different revenue stream.  I would not be surprised as soon as the revenue stream for this runs dry they come out with a ""better""  version  of this to start another revenue stream. If you will review their site you will see what i mean.While this release is a little better then the previous releases, it only goes so far. I guess it was worth the 11 bucks I paid for it but I will only give it a neutral rating at this time. It is not very well documented and some of the tutorial videos contain outdated info and need to be redone. In all fairness I cant give this a thumbs up  but I do not want to give it a thumbs down. So i will remain neutral. I will happily give it a thumbs up if i see Improvements in the way this product works. It is off to an OK start but i wish to see what else happens. My rating on this is NEUTRAL. Since there is no Neutral  rating i went thumbs UP as i had to select  Either Thumbs up or Thumbs down. It was not so bad as to get a thumbs down,Another thing. On the model Packs  (I bought pack 3)  See my review there for more info."
76561198202256012,Recommended,266310,23495430,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,EARwax,Awesome! Love It! Good Price! Easy! Get it!
76561198150779935,Recommended,266310,20711765,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Baracka,"OK where to start ive clocked about 100 hours+ now and have neally made a half decent game, the community is very active and very good/helpfull the Devs and the Mod team are even more active and really do come on and help you out there really is lots and lots to play with (models, skyboxes, scripts etc) if you use the Guru Forums and altho its still needs some things adding you can usually get help with them from the mod team or other users in the free section. would i recommend Game Guru YES 100% worth every penny even bought it for the kids to try.Edit: now that i have clocked up 2,110.5 hours in Game Guru I thought it was about time to update my review. The GG team are constantly updating the engine and regually bring new things to it, please dont read the negative reviews with less than a few hours of use. Yes of course it still has some issues and Yes you still have to do some learning if you want to get really nice results but with a little time and patients you can achieve some fun projects. I personally will continue to use GG as i find it easy to use and is very easy to produce a working .exe in minutes. The devs are currently working on some vital assets that will make the engine a whole lot better and im sure will continue to do so in the future. Like anything else you get out of something what you put in it. Nuff said"
,Recommended,266310,20952932,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,yuness27,Vey good and easyto use!
,Recommended,266310,30734113,Posted: 25 March,all,Kokolino,Recommended for begginers. Very easy to use.
,Recommended,266310,19540183,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Gen1us,Quite powerful to make FPS game.However still need dozens of improvements as the game produced is still not smooth yet.What I mean by smooth is like CS:GO.This is still like Half Life 2.Overall (Dec 7 2015) = 7/10
,Recommended,266310,21312263,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,FreDrickMin,Jerma985
76561198176463238,Recommended,266310,21581935,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Unknownwt,"I have used it and messed around with the maps and to be true this is really easy to use but the graphics arent as good as ue4 but its pretty decent,great. Making the maps is really easy its just drag and drop and scripting i havent tried out but im sure its great and i love the character creation options, really helps out, in the end this is one of the easiest, greatest game engine that i have ever used, btw this engine is still in development so it will improve later on.score: 9.5/10P.S: in the next update can u guys add a build ur own option, like build ur own buildings and interior etc..., really would love that, love devs they are really great guys, more weapons plz, they are amazing to use,  btw how do we improve the A.I..."
76561198147137203,Recommended,266310,21632773,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,1253086940z,"if you have chinese ,it will be perfact."
76561198155413701,Recommended,266310,23679453,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Turnovus,"It's a good software for small games, but nothingtoolarge-scale. (In other words, you can't make an entire continent)Although it doesn'trequireany knowledge of coding, knowing LUA scripting will result in truly beautiful games. The character customizer works fairly well, but is limited overall, resulting in a room full of 'familiar' people with a small variety of graphic tees.  It also comes with some fun demo games to show you how everything works. My favorite is the example kids' games with hedge hog mines and exploding bunny guards.My only complaint is that both the editor and the runner lag.Seriously intense lag.Altogether good software."
76561198360665172,Recommended,266310,30225334,Posted: 27 February,all,bsean666,"This software is fantastic. SImple to use and very user frindly with tons of options makes this a great choice to any one wanting to make there own game. There is loads of information on how to use gameguru and one thing that really inpressed me with gameguru is they add new fuctions bassed on what the user wants so you can have your say by voting on what you will like added to the software or sugest something you will like add,No coding need but if you want to code nothing to stop you creating your own code or makeing your own assets to have in the game.The graphics are not the best in the world but more then accaptable but on the other side of the coin it does mean the games you make will run on almost any conputer what is great for me because I use a laptop and do not have a gameing pc"
76561198154288707,Recommended,266310,22305937,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Unaverage joe,SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO epic get this thing its amazing.                                          but i think it needs more stuff that come with the kit that has no DLC but best game desinger yet
,Recommended,266310,23891129,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,✪Greetsfuckers3307✪ earn.gg,"Ths is what I need To create a game software but it may be lag depends on your/my cpu or video card . One more thing is very easy to buy cheap stuff such as rooms , walls , other things as well , i wish to buy the expensive one . Thank You Very Much :)"
76561198091685789,Recommended,266310,18352061,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,badwolf117,"The Thing about Game Guru is never underestimate it as it will suprise youi admire its simplicity yet its complexity creation,Obviously i wish there were more add ons including Steam Workshop items but im really happy with the productif you are willing to put time into it you will be rewardedobvioiusly there are some flaws but if you are looking for a simplistic, fun and yet challenging experience then i heartly reccomend Game Guru8'/10"
,Recommended,266310,19448466,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,captain butterscotch,"It be nice to have this game on my library, and not have to access it thorugh this page, but its gud anyways."
76561198115497313,Recommended,266310,22260010,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Funhouse,"This is the best modern game design software for people who dont want to spend years learning advanced game development just to be able to create a nice landscape. You can do that in gameguru in about 10 minutes. Gameguru has tons of built in features and also allows for heavy modification through settings and lua scripting you can make almost anything possible.The cool thing is if you have an idea for a game you can create the map and basic level design in under a couple hours and then work off it to make it better.The graphics/effects are nice, it runs really well and doesnt feel like a cheap product, The games you make and the software itself feel good when your using it.UPDATE 11/9/2016: over 100 hours playing around with GameGuru and I still reccomend this for anyone who wants to create games. The GameGuru team recently added 2.8GB's of FREE DLC models/objects to use in your games. The amount of content they have added is amazing, and they continue to support and add new features as well.UPDATE 4/15/2017: sadly you can no longer use steam wallet to pay for assets on the gameguru asset store. I liked how easy it was before to add a item to your cart and pay for it with your steam wallet, but now you need to use a credit card or other payment. Thats the only con I have for gameguru"
,Recommended,266310,17824581,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"So far so good, i love this program cause it is easy to use and it has a great community of people that make many assets for your game making experience.Currently i am working on a sequel to one of my favorite t.v. shows of the 90's Twin Peaks,It will take some time as i am putting love into it and hope to have it free to play some day, i will be posting updates on the progress so keep an eye out."
,Recommended,266310,26363005,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Townlake101,"Great piece of software if you spent a lot of time eith it you could make a pretty cool game, If Game Guru sees this can they make a tutorial on how to connect maps if would be a big help.I would also like to thank them for respomding to me thanks"
76561198157460942,Recommended,266310,19623908,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,softdispo,"Special promotion price 10.99,  give it a try.  I liked it, but not as much as my little boy.  When I showed him how gameguru works, he was hooked.  It was easy for him to understand.  Basically just level designing no coding, games made in minutes. Now I'm dwelling deeper into it myself, just so I can help my son along on this journey.  I've spent a whole day figuring how to add my own custom character with animation and lua scripting (minecraft creeper).  Which you should try to learn if you really want to customize things.  I think its a great product for kids or anyone new to start out with.  You can prototype a fps game quickly and easily."
,Recommended,266310,20423366,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,TimJ86AU,"Pretty easy to use and the learning curve isnt hard to pick up on. So far so good, ill give GameGuru a proper rating once ive messed around with it for a while."
76561198268739620,Recommended,266310,20440885,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ChrisDips,Very fun for me as this is my first time experimenting with this type of software. The developers are also very good at providing help and updates. Learning to script with Lua  is taking some time but very fun and rewarding. Would highly recomend this if youre looking for something fun and allows for endless creativity. However be aware if youre new like me to this type of software it will take time and effort before great results. 5/5
76561198194852058,Not Recommended,266310,19945706,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,It's Daago!,"This is really bad, like really bad i really want to know if there is a way to get my money"
,Recommended,266310,20421467,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,TeddyWoo,"What is a GameGuru? GameGuru - it is really easy Game Maker, you can make an incredible game for a couple of minutes , knowing little Lua you write complex scripts . And if you can not, you are always good to share Mauger community . Buy GameGuru, you will not regret !"
,Recommended,266310,22855840,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mena,I had been looking for a while for something that could help me get started on making games and this felt like the right choice at the time. Still is. I have enjoyed it and learned quite a bit while using it.
,Recommended,266310,18903149,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CrowZone Official,If you but the 2 pack do you get 2 copies of the game???Amazing Game creating software!Recommended it to ALL of my friends!!!
76561198087675012,Recommended,266310,15707049,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Kcjw123,I like GameGuru its fun and I can spend a lot of time on it.
76561198019695643,Recommended,266310,22733600,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Blacknyt43,"What a God send game engine for Indie developers! Or anybody else that wants to try and make a video game. It's in my opinion one of the easiest game engines to learn and Love with ease! I never thought I could make my own game. I'm the farthest thing away from being tech savvy. You can do alot of Fun stuff with this software. If you run into problems there is always somebody willing to help. Be it from a mod in the discussion forum's. Our the number of video tutorials that are out there. GameGuru even has its own built in video guides. Game Demos and  your just one click away from the Store! For purchasing hundreds of models you can use in your game. The store also has scripts,audio and animated models for download that you can use license free in your games. You want to make a video game? Get GameGuru! Did I mention all the DLC's that you can buy also for a Great deal? GameGuru got you covered in all your video game making needs. For more details? I would go check out there Steam Store page. Okay? Go buy it now!"
,Recommended,266310,29509616,Posted: 26 January,all,Bloodlessninja,"you can make a game with this if you put a lot of work in it, Recomend when on sale"
,Recommended,266310,14854808,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Precipve,"Even though it is an early access, it's still very usable. Really easy to use. Support is awesome. Thumb's up!"
,Recommended,266310,15279846,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,ReptilianBrotherhood,"This is a cool, fun, and one of the most easy to use game makers i have seen. Each time I use it i discover many more things that can help with  my level. i havent discovered every nook and cranny of this game creater. but, i only have one tiny complaint. i know a new update came out with better dynamic guns or something. but when you aim, the crosshairs should dissapear and you use the real gun sights to aim. If any of the developers read this, can you fix it because it would make the gameplay a lot more enjoyable and it would feel much more like a real FPS game. like you can aim down the sights with the RPG but not any other gun. but other then that Game Guru has so much potential it can uncover since it it only in the early access stage. but thats all i have to say. i highly recommend this to people who want to get a bite out of what it feels like to create games. i have been using the source hammer, unreal, and unity which are all great. but this one is soooo much easier because u dont need to code at all! all you need to do is place objects in the world. and the graphics are very good compared to some other weird game maker stuff. I cant wait until this is out of Early Access and has so much more stuff in it!"
76561198145993855,Recommended,266310,22726637,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ShadowSamurai,"Story of my life,-Download Gameguru-Start making my first RPG medevil FPS game-Think to myself, why did i even try untiy?-Complete making first level-Click save-Game crashes...VerdictOverall, not bad.Note to self-ALWAYS SAVE"
,Recommended,266310,14979350,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,SinVerguenzaGames,Fantastic concept with an immense future!
,Recommended,266310,14687720,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Danial Sanger,It's the most awesome software for INDIE DEVELOPER and GAMERS ALIKE.Still need some improvement but so far Gameguru is in stable state for me.Recommended!
,Recommended,266310,15341913,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Corrosion,"MY TIME SHOWN IN THE APP ON STEAM DOES NOT ACCURATELY REFLECT THE ACTUAL AMOUNT OF TIME I HAVE SPENT USING IT.I really have a love-hate relationship with this engine, but it is a good engine. Not AAA, but certainly not bad. You can do some pretty amazing stuff with it. If you try that is.Used it to make Affliction:http://store.steampowered.com/app/617590/Affliction/My custom scripts for Gameguru:https://www.tgcstore.net/artist/221852/products"
76561198081224114,Recommended,266310,15930226,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,alemismun,"Before you buy, remember this is not like any other game engine, this is a game engine without the engine part.Yes, It is really fun, but if you want to make a game instead of having fun, go to unreal...Oh and most of the downloadeable content is paid, only two items are free.Still, its a fun game."
76561198036303949,Recommended,266310,16357555,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Naterial,"*UPDATED*The issue I was referring ot has been since resolved. I can now give this software a thumbs up! It's nice to see developers being actively invovled in their community - that in itself is worth a thumbs up.  Good work, Game Guru!My initial review is below, and I left it here in order to show people what was changed, and how the devs did in fact respond to my comments (3 responses in fact):The first auto pop-up tutorial freezes the machine, doesn't give enough details (like where it says ""click left mouse button""... it doesn't tell you that you need to be hyper-close for the pop-up menu to appear), and the zooming is horribly slow.There may be settings for this, but why would you make the user scroll 100 times just to zoom in far enough to have them be able to use the tutorial.After 10 minutes of waiting on ""Building A.I. Obstacles"", I gave up and canceled the program. Even that didn't work right. Five minutes later, I had a Windows OS-level box pop up and say ""Display Mode Error"" and crash to the desktop."
,Recommended,266310,21725991,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Thatj0hnS,"Altrough I do not agree with Game Guru's business model, update priorities and advertising it as a finished product, I must say It is getting better. Slowly, but better.Map editor is easy and I would say the strongest part of a software. It's easy, fast and you can basically build a desert town or forest in few SECONDS!Support is really impressive - community and devs are trying to help with anything you ask about - and that's a very, very rare thing. I'm surprised that they even reply to older reviews, just to share a feature suggested was implemented.With that said, I think there should be more work put into UI and some more basic entity options should be included there too - not just in scripts. About other features - I want basically almost everything that's in the Community Vote list - and maybe some more options with the games executable:https://i.gyazo.com/a2e5c1e4b9696f2ee2735081bcb62791.png- this is weird.Anyways, I'm looking forward to next updates since I've started to work on a 'bigger' project recently.Good luck with the product - I do recommend it on sale."
76561198149371612,Recommended,266310,24424837,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,SAMGOODINGS,I GOT IT WORKING AND IT IS SOOOOOO GOOD
,Recommended,266310,14693300,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Einherjer,"How to make Call of Duty for Dummies! Okay - this tool became a very good start for BEGINNERS. If you ever wanted to make a Game and u didn't know where to start - you could do it here.Needless to say, there are two very popular alternatives for this. Unreal Engine and Cry Engine, so why choosing this to begin? Because making your own map, for example, is, in my opinion, here very easy. And there is much more about learning how you should design a level.The K.I. is not that good, but that's not the Point. If you only want to play a shooter, go buy yourself Counter Strike. But if you want to begin with making games, this is the right tool for you!"
,Recommended,266310,17834347,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Brett,"*EDIT* Frame rates are high and easier for me to use, sounds like good updates coming soon, so this might be a very good game maker!*old* Ok if you want to make VERY basic shooters but the optimizing is poor and you are very limited in what you can do."
76561198374813981,Recommended,266310,34917159,Posted: 13 September,all,arnoldthezombie,This software is actually pretty good. i recommend to people who dont know how to code
76561197999881555,Not Recommended,266310,35093656,Posted: 20 September,all,Lord Xtheth,"I picked the complete pack up on sale, and I kind of regret it. It's little more than an FPS maker, and definately can't make other kinds of games like say side scrollers or puzzle games. There's no room for customization outside of importing your own assets. There's no script building options at all, no real way to control your assets beyond what the creators programmed them to do.It's not an entirely bad engine, it's just very spacific, and isn't quite as easy as the name suggests. I'd call it more ""Simple"" than easy. You can put stuff in your scene simply, you can put a character in simply, you can make a level simply. But it is not easy to work around any of Game Guru's limitations."
,Not Recommended,266310,14754989,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Feanominal,"DO NOT BUY ... This is the same software as GC nothing has changed but the name.. Old outdated supported files.. Only .lus scripting... Deffinetly in no way capable of competing with today's engines.. If you want to build a game for fun.. This is for you, If you want to build a game and make $$$ off the time you spend, than i advise something worth investing time into"
76561198063501472,Recommended,266310,23300725,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Red Memes,"If you're looking for something that is cheap, and cost effective, without having the need for basic, or advanced coding I would recommend this software. The developers are costantly on the move adding features that make it worth the money well spent. You can even profit off this software by launching your games on an indie dev.I would rate this a 7/10Good Job!"
76561198042550020,Recommended,266310,23615636,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,roandoom,I like gameguru very much. The fact that you get all ready a lot of models ready for use and a wide range of scripts to use with the makes it very easy to create something. The fact that the scripting is .lua makes it also a lot easier for scripting so that i can create cool things at ease. I also bought two megapacks that had a lot of stuff that made creating a game even easier. I like it a lot.
76561198133122030,Recommended,266310,33411925,Posted: 9 July,all,Brutalityisme,"I really like it... but everytime I try to load a sound to an entity it will not let me ""Apply changes"" and I cant do anything.. it just freezes up.EDIT: its a great application other than this, I changed the review to a thumbsup because atleaset someone is trying to help.."
76561198136109565,Recommended,266310,19559407,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,kodak black,SOME ONE HELP WHEN I OPEN THE PROGRAM THE SCREEN GOS BLACK FIX IT PLESSS
76561198183342599,Recommended,266310,29911499,Posted: 13 February,all,Conrad,"I backed GameGuru but never really took much notice of it in the early days (I also had FPSC but never used it), being an AGK developer... however some of the stuff I've seen lately has just blown me away!  The new shaders are incredible, and with the ability to import levels into my AGK creations (I bought Preben's loader) learning how to use GameGuru now is a no-brainer. Thankfully it is super easy to use. I can now use GameGuru as a level designer, and build on top of that any functionality I like in AGK! The best of both worlds. :)  This is an incredible piece of kit, with or without the AGK integration, which I'd recommend to any game maker as a valuable addition to their creativity. Buy it!"
76561198110026070,Recommended,266310,20816250,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,The Black Knight,This is a great engine for most people wanting to start or continue game development if you dont konw what your doing look up the devs on twitch or youtube they live streams every week I beleive and you can actually ask your questions to them! honestly the greatest thing I have ever found
,Recommended,266310,20243907,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JoshTheStupad CSGO500,This is a great way to make games :D
76561198272256733,Recommended,266310,20957898,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,gaming chicken,this is definetly very helpfull for beginers
,Recommended,266310,30256033,Posted: 1 March,all,Pawlful,"It depends on what you really expect from it. Want something with a wysiwyg editor that will let you create a level and play inside it within minutes? Yeah well then it's probably not going to be the most flexible thing out of the box, but it doesn't really advertise as being so. It's advertised as a simple game design tool that anyone can use, from kids in primary school who want to mess around with entities and variables during their computer free time (do kids still get computer free time? Is it all just on computers now?) to adults with no programming experience what so ever that maybe want to dip their toes and see what game design is all about. It will at the very least show you how laborious level design can be at times :p Also, it's like ♥♥♥♥ing $20USD. I spent more on cat food just for the last 5 days."
,Recommended,266310,30643023,Posted: 20 March,all,Manchukuo,"Probably one of the best 'easy game makers' out there. It is simple to use and can be enhanced with items and scripts made by other users. The community is active as well as the developers. You can make all genres of games, and more are to be added soon. I definitely recommend this software."
,Recommended,266310,21106170,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Destruction Games,"Would I reccomend this for professional game designers? No. This is too basic of a game engine to get much done with it. HOWEVER, if you just want to start with game design, and you want to make an easy FPS or FPRPG, then I would reccomend it. The tools are really easy to use, and you can create a decent FPS with almost no skill."
76561198193645942,Recommended,266310,25661233,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,diggymaster,This is one of the best game creatoring games ever made i love it alot. this is a great game for starters because if you dont know how to code you can just try this out and see if you can create really good games.but there is some glitchs like in test mode it moves realy fast like you cant realy move your screen  you are slow and it runs a little slow.but i woud still get it because it might be updated soon.
,Recommended,266310,14875278,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,TarNIshEd,good game....but when i open on my laptop.. it is just a black screenbut my laptop works fine with unitytoshiba sattelite A215
,Recommended,266310,23688173,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,V̵̝̎e̷̯͋l̷̦̓t̷̡̅o̵x,"Actually you don't really make a game guys, you create a map and change some settings, maybe they updated it but when I tried it back in the day it was just making a map"
,Recommended,266310,29376078,Posted: 20 January,all,P3HWN1E,"It has great potential! Atm it works half good half bad, I've had alot of problems with crashes and glitches when i started usign the software but now i dont have many issues at all :) It needs to be more ""editable"" in my opinion."
76561198117190081,Recommended,266310,15604106,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,The Dragon 647,"this game is amazing,it is hard to learn at first but it is really fun to use pnce you get the hang of it.i am currently int he process of making a singleplayer map  that i hope to also make into a multiplayer.all in all there are still cons thogh.pros- easy-fun to use-lost of settingscons- limited amoun of gametypes that you can make- spotty animations-unrealistic jump height in test mode (cant even jump over a short railingall in all a great game. i still hope that they will develope the textures and animations more and have a usage tutorial but sscince this is an early accsess game im not worried."
76561198116849697,Recommended,266310,19984721,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Xela,Easy to use!Cheap models you can keep forever after buying! Well worth $9.99 while its on sale get it!Been using it for a long  time since I got it yesterday and it's quite the engine to use! May not be the best graphics but it's still  an amazing engine to use.3D instead of 2D is a nice pro.Con is the  graphics aren't as I was hoping and the animation on some things are a bit odd..For example how enemies spot you they run off and come at you.. I'd prefer if they came at me on sight inside of running around a bit  they should automatically attack on sight..
,Recommended,266310,20718857,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,dummy,can you make player able to swim and a drive able vehicle and a ai vehicle and add 2 dlc modern warfare and ww2
,Recommended,266310,20735917,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Dusk,"Amazing tool for creation of FPS.  Truly a piece of art for your games. All kinds of assets, rigging, and such truly makes it  a personalizable experience."
,Recommended,266310,21584874,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Belidos,"GameGuru is a very good piece of software, although it's released it is still kind of in its early stages of development, so there are some basics missing, but they're adding new features and fixing issues on a very regular basis. Overall it's well made, and most important of all the developers listen to what we want."
,Recommended,266310,28973879,Posted: 3 January,all,Laikeo,This game is perfect for starter developers who can't be asked to code
76561198329567618,Recommended,266310,29094719,Posted: 7 January,all,mutant1003,Great game guru but now do  you make your own scrips
76561198141889323,Recommended,266310,16630391,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,xxBLAZEWOLFxx,"Updated review. I have found out why my game was not running. I went into my AMD Control center and changed the settings. Now Im getting about 25-30 fps. It still could run better, as I have compared my system spec to the minimum and recommended. I meet the minimum specs, but only some of the recommended...The product its self is perfect. Only wish that there were a bit more features... The Asset store is somewhat full of features, but most of them cost a bit of $$$ to get.I would say that this product is perfect for new developers. The coding involved is a whopping 0! This is what I have been looking for. If you don't know how to code, then this product is for you. Thank you GameGuru team for making such a great product.If I may add, the one feature that I would highly request is Buildings Creator. Like the character creator, but you can create buildings, both decoration and buildings you can walk into. Any developers who think I need to post this in the forums, please request to do so. I am new to steam and am not sure if the devs look at this too much. Thanks for creating an awesome game engine, and I look foward to seeing it improve. Keep it up!"
,Recommended,266310,23781631,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BroWb,"The program is managed at this time, I have this program because I wanted to buy another program, of course, expeienta!Is a program made games easy! I love this program offers a unique simplicity, as I said earlier!I hope to develop further!"
76561198149112918,Recommended,266310,26120127,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,dragonrider8888,"I recommend this to anyone who doesn't know how to program.  This program is great at making cool simple games that you can publish/sell (you can put it on Steam greenlight). It is definetly worth the price, so if you see it on sale, buy it right away! A really cool feature about this software is that you can create multiplayer games. Most game making software only allows you to make singleplayer games which is a definite advantage for this software."
76561198085962443,Not Recommended,266310,20592045,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,matthewjknight,"overly expensive, awkward designing, and games that are painful to play, you can get more value out of a ♥♥♥♥ing RPG MAKER!"
76561198046918444,Recommended,266310,29237952,Posted: 13 January,all,mk19752004,"OK i like GameGuru, it is a good way for indie game makers to get started making games . And For all the game makers who have gotten a bad review from people when you make a game using this software , just over look these people . Thank you Game Guru."
,Recommended,266310,30690363,Posted: 23 March,all,seanmcclure,"Let me update this appropriately:This is more powerful than you think. Alot of the Game Guru games out there don't scratch the surface of what you can do with this. Once you figure out that you can edit the lightmapping and texture quality it's on. I gave up on this until I finally figured it out. The forums either cater to people who don't use any scripts at all or those that assume you know it all. Explore on your own, read and read the manual again. It's easier than you think. I still cannot figure out how to put notes or a slender type AI in the game, but eventually I will get that down, too.This should be purchased by those who are on a budget, don't have or have time to get heavy coding experience, and by those who want to create games easier than in Unity or even Game Maker."
76561198200148557,Recommended,266310,28847953,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spyhard,"If You Have No Experience In Game Development,Then This Is For You.Just 1 Compaint,The Guy In The Tutorial Videos Sounds Like The Happest Bored Guy EverAlso, 1} In The Trailer, It Mentions ""Third Person"". How Do You Do That.2}In The Demo, When You First Test It, It Shows Text. How Do You Do That?"
,Not Recommended,266310,28210340,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,hOLDtHEdOOR,"I give this 'Game' a 5 out of 10, it's worth buying on sale but I don't understand how anyone could spend hundreds of dollars on all the DLC.The editor is fun, easy and quick to learn. With no coding being a plus but restrictions to customization being a con. You can only use 4 terrians types at a time as far as I can figure, there are lots of terrians types but they are all grouped together with no clear way to seperate them. The terrian tools are very limited too, making a realistic mountain is near impossilbe if not very very time consuming. Making a river is pretty easy but your character cannot swim, you will die the second your head goes under water. On the good side there are alot of trees and quite a few different style buildings but there are not enough of each style, any town or city you build will look very generic with the same 3-5 buildings repeating.When it comes to actual gameplay which if you ask me the way this is set up the whole thing is gameplay since the editor is much like a game with how limited it actually is (there needs to be sliders and more terrian options to feel like an actual editor). The shooter A.I. are ok, they shoot back and can take cover where you tell them to but the zombies are HORRIBLE! and not at all in a good way. If you put a zombie in an open field it will chase you once you get within 10 yards of it which at that point you will be able to hit it with a shotgun so using a pistol or smg the zombies won't even know what hit them, literallly. If you put a zombie in a forest it likely won't even move even if you get to within inches of it. The Melee A.I. just move too slow, I only hve played with one of these so maybe some of the others move faster than a slow walk but fact is you won't feel very pressured by any of the A.I. even the shooters are so bad that unless there are 3 or more shooting at you or one is using the rocket launcher you will easily be able to walk right in front of them and cap the A.I. in the head.I will change my recommendation if the zombies are improved and if some more terrian options are added (i.e. more than four terrians types at a time and different paint brushes such as spray painter and other gradiants.) For now tho I am going to have to give this a thumbs down, If you buy it on sale then I would say have some fun and just don't expect too much but do not buy this game at full price."
,Recommended,266310,14703745,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,JOKER,good :)
,Recommended,266310,22854536,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,̝̬̩͓̯̠̪ͦ͒ͦ͒̀ͫ̚̚,make cod
,Recommended,266310,22909650,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,naradosavage,It's cool and all but does this mean I can upload my game to GameJolt or another gaming website for others to play?
,Not Recommended,266310,30372147,Posted: 7 March,all,lordraz0r,"This software is a waste of time for any aspiring game developer. The scripting engine is VERY limiting and the engine itself is very poorly optimised. All this engine provides you with is a glorified map editor. Luckily the refund button worked nicely. I suggest that anyone that wants to build games look at Unity. It provides you with more features, unlimited freedom and a massive library of free assets."
,Recommended,266310,32766654,Posted: 25 June,all,Tigre,"I love GameGuru! They say it's a easy game maker, and it's really a easy game maker!I think most people don't know how to download the free Expansion pack (for some reason the download button don't work). If you buy GameGuru, go to ""Library > Software > GameGuru main page (right mouse button), then ticking the 'GameGuru - Expansion Pack' in the DLC section"". The Expansion pack is great!"
76561198120806923,Recommended,266310,14757858,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,TRIZDEN,Few bugs but im sure it will get better
,Recommended,266310,14804405,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,fierysonic,This is much more better then the reviews say it's still early in develpement but it's quite far!I recomend this t everyone!
,Recommended,266310,19532501,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Ne0,Decent Development tool for the map designs as you can mould your world. Lacks player Models or dialog options so you may need to do some programming and create player models.
76561198035675713,Recommended,266310,14700132,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ganeyjesse,great editor but has lots of problems
,Recommended,266310,14702260,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,AmazingFuryBeast,"This game / program is actually really really fun. i already have a few hrs put in, and plan on alot more."
,Recommended,266310,14722978,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,jimac1888,"I bought this on sale, at this early stage of development i have to say i am glad i didn't pay full price, this borrows a lot from FPSC, unfortunately in current form it is no more than a nice map editor, i don't want to be too harsh it is early days for this devkit but it is simply useless at this time, a simple map with a hill and player test run works great try and save as a stand alone and its gameover, after reading up on the forum i see this is a well known problem by that i mean every user with the exception of one or 2 simply cannot create a game.Now to end on some positive notes i will say the editor is really easy to use and it comes with a few ready made models and pre programed scripts, enough to get any level of game designer off to a fast start, there is the promise of new models etc to be added as this develops, i will continue to use other programs to create games and follow this one closely and look forward to updates.NB. Before writing this review i have tried every trouble shooting method i have found, but sadly no fixes yet. Good luck to the Devs but personally if you can wait i would recommend using stable game kits before this, i will rate as recommended but with the hope it becomes useable atleast because thats what i would expect, a working program with acceptable bugs not just a easy to use map editor."
,Not Recommended,266310,14780192,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,☢Average G4mer™ On Youtube,"Constant ""disk write errors"", can not download anything from the store that i have put in my cart due to ""server connection""just randomly stops responding and restarts, it ran fine up until the update, update screwed things up and i had to reinstall, after reinstalling these problems occured"
,Recommended,266310,18376531,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ohadez,"I must recomend the interface not only for it great work now after Beta 28 but also because the support is the best i ever received in my life, people there are patient and kind and do all they can to fix your problem no mattter how small it seems. I m happy to have become a part of this TGC familly. And i can't wait to see the new version.Graphics are nice not top notch but very good for a home project, i am learning more and more as i keep using it to make my first game.Will write a bigger review later.The GG is very worth every penny."
76561198131009075,Recommended,266310,19187123,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,cjgamer3,"GameGuru is good for beginers only. Personally, I have a lot of knowledge in programming and code, yet I don't even have the OPTION to code/program. If you know how to code in c++, you might not want to get this due to its bad graphics and the lack of options. I recommend this to you if you don't mind bad graphics and you do NOT want to learn code.  This game also doesn't give you an option to change from first person to third person (That I am aware of).. Have fun!"
,Recommended,266310,23694905,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Galluppi             csgobig.com,My Thoughtsbuy it on saleeasy to usei dont know how to code so not good for using thisa bit laggybuy it when you want to start off as a dev
76561198326229206,Not Recommended,266310,29657618,Posted: 2 February,all,ultradev9000,"Versions Prior to December 2016 worked very, very, very well.Latest versions have issues.December 2016 version had Stability issuesFEB 1 version;The EBE builder has plenty of issues, it is not possible to build an external wall 3 out of 4 times, it only builds a wall one grid unit away from the grid border.This wall then ends up being a wall you cannot delete.Deleting with Shift and the column selected often creates more columns than you can delete.Selecting stairs to move them around once placed is not possible.Scaling anything (i.e. stairs) without scaling everything else is impossible.Extracting or unparenting don't seem to work to do this.Floors work nicely, the rest seems like very promising... maybe it will work by 2018 ?>>One would want to be able to export to other platforms seamlessly WITHOUT CODING even if we had to pay for an  AppgameKit license, so as to be able to market and monetize and justify the time spent.>>Right now it might not be worth investing time on GG despite it being a very promissing idea."
,Not Recommended,266310,32964283,Posted: 28 June,all,Ratel,"It's a fantastic program, I love GameGuru.The only thing I have to complain about is the scripts that already come in the program and about the scripts you want to put in your game.The landscaping of the gameguru is very good, however the programming part will depend a lot on you and the GameGuru proposal would really alleviate this part."
,Recommended,266310,15887554,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,HackSawFred3232,"Great software! Before i go on to my review, To anyone who vote down on there reviews/Being utter trolls, **** OFF! This software is fun and easy to use! Dont like? Dont use, Dont buy. But for those who like to make games Even if they know how to code or not, BUY IT! You will LOVE IT!!But i do say there are some certain things that can be fixed.Pros:-Easy and fun to use.-Nice way to kill the time.-Lot of assets EVEN IF YOU HAVE TO BUY IT! (I mean come on, Vavle is about to make the workshop Paid anytime soon.)-Makes a very good clone of google sketchup, But with game making! :D-The software sounds very promising.Cons:-AI could use some improvement. Instead of getting in range of them, Sight matters as well!-Constants hints so if you are confused about a tool, a short explanation pops up!I dont see anything else wrong. Now EXE said that you should go for Untiy or Unreal. Here is why not go for Those, They are not freindly to new people. New people wants simple stuff.GameCreators, I dont care what your goals are, You are just simply the best. TAKE MY MONEY :DEdit: Just to note:For those who do not know how to use the software, There is a tab on the websiteCalled Help, Click that and you can find out how to use the software"
76561198232121024,Recommended,266310,20881139,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Nikolai Belinski,pretty cool fun to mess around.. recommended :)
76561198061732453,Recommended,266310,31029299,Posted: 8 April,all,Echlord,"(Updated)It's alright.Pros:Easy made Mini-Games.Interesting ideaMost of it worksNot a bad shopPretty Big DLC'sCons:Sounds are a low quality (Mostly on the zombies)The AI could be very much improvedA lot of what comes out is garbage. (Quite a bit is good)I think there should be more guns, and maybe some new animations."
,Recommended,266310,31728619,Posted: 13 May,all,Don,easy program bad graphics but what do you expect?
,Not Recommended,266310,27783697,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheSouthShallRiseAgain,"My pc is a piece of crap, but it should be able to run this. The specs are all met but the most fps I usually got was 10, and overall they really should have done their research when putting down specifications for running it. I reccomend you have atleast a 750 Ti if you actually want to run this over 30 fps."
76561198190788934,Not Recommended,266310,28157864,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,rhyslemon,laggs to hell
76561198130042526,Recommended,266310,22260922,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,LolfortheLolz,pretty good runs good with radeon r7 200 8gb ram and a amd fx 6300
76561198070985798,Recommended,266310,15986936,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nevin,"Last Edit: September 5th 2016 8:20amI have been playing around with GG with over 1500 hours put in. I feel it is a vary good game making tool if you understand it's limits.I cant tell you if GameGuru is better or worse than another game engine, because I have never tried any other engine. But I can tell you I have made decent scenes, have a little ( A lot more now ) knowledge of lua scripting now, talked to very helpful people in the community and had a lot of fun doing it.Good:- Vary good/helpful community. This is the best community I have ever seen. ( This is still vary true )- Using the editor is fun.- I have learned lua thanks to GameGuru. That says a lot to me.- Lots of tutorials, from Steam, GameGuru website or in the editor, you will find what you need.- The shop.. You can buy scripts and assists in the shop for a really good price. This is a huge help! You can also sell things yourself on the shop. All the items on the shop are 'player' made.A shop sounds bad. But really it is the best part. If you know nothing about 3d modeling and animations, the shop will be one of the first places to check out if you get GameGuru- GG has an okay character creator to make npcs. You can't do as much as you would want to. But it's still okay, for some games I see it being vary good. For me personally it worked out for my projects. But it is vary limited at this moment.Bad:- I like the dlc's. But it should be noted that they plan on making more and some people may say ""cash grab"" ( I love the dlcs, I have them all )- No crafting mechanic. ( I don't care about this, but I know some people will )- texters on everything seem a little outdated. ( Vary true )Ugly:Simple features are missing at this time. You could script them but will take scripting knowledge.Not a default feature:- load/save games. This has been added!!- Questing, no way to make your own npc that gives a quest. Once/if you try to learn lua, this is one of the easiest things to make.- No inventory system. This is needed with most games people want to make. I understand it is hard for gameguru to make an inventory system that fits all needs. But as of right now they don't even have a basic feature for devs to work with. Coding an inventory system is hard for beginners. Making a loop that checks all the slots to then put the item in the next empty slot is not something beginners will understand.So, my rating for GameGuru is, 7/10    ( Vary fun to learn, Hard at times, Vary nice people to help you, lacking basic features)Edit: I changed my rating to 8/10. If it was not for Gameguru I would not know as much as I do about coding in Lua."
,Recommended,266310,23057837,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,austinthehotty,"I really like it. Wish there was a workshop to play other peoples content, though."
76561198094184909,Recommended,266310,14698088,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Donut1996,Ok i like the concept of the game and how you can create your own landscape and change the colors of it. The only problem is the AIs. I mean for a zombie to actually see me id have to walk right in their face.
,Recommended,266310,28091110,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Loretta,"I LOVE GameGuru, I think it is AMAZING!I would have paid a lot more for this, and recommend it to someone who is just starting to build games or for someone who is familiar with game design.What I love the most is being in on the product improvements and the excitement of seeing these improvements in trhe next update in shortt period of time compared to other software/app updates.Its great if you just want to create games for you and your friends and family.Its also great if you want to create a commercial game.I recommend it to any one at any age!Thank you for making GameGuru so accessible and so much fun!"
76561198365430318,Not Recommended,266310,33649711,Posted: 19 July,all,bjarkehalberg,honestly its♥♥♥♥♥♥ it lags on gtx 1080 like cray then i tried my omen gaming laptop with 16 gigs of ram.the choices in the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥as well as the graphics. basicly dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ oh and dont even try on anything with 4-6 gigs of ram.
76561198049324374,Recommended,266310,22769568,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,demon32,After some problems with the product it seems to be working now . As for the remarks made in reply  At the time I wrote this I couldnt find help . Later on I received help from a few very nice mods . As for Synchromesh rather then immediately flagging and threatening to ban a customer . Its good business practically to actually find out what the problem is that is making them think something could be a scam in the first place . The product seems to be working fine now  And thanks to leebamber I was able to edit  my post so everyone else can understand whats going on .  Sorry to the rest of you that thought i was saying your not helping . I simply couldnt reply back to your comments because my review was locked on me .  Thanks again leebamber for fixing the flag .  I would recommend the product to anyone starting out but I wouldnt also suggest someone look into the reason why it kept saying it wasnt registered when it was  there is obviously a bug in there somewhere .
76561198142790065,Recommended,266310,14732111,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Mr Green,at first i was unsure whether it was going to be good because of  it's low price tag. But after an hour of using it i was amazed on how good it was.Warning: because there is no programing it is very limited on what you can do
,Recommended,266310,33026306,Posted: 30 June,all,Yatagarasu,"Seemed simple enough.  Unfortunately, I had to refund due to it running poorly on my rig.Will probably buy again in the future."
76561198300356058,Not Recommended,266310,22778498,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,fug1973,"Very Dated Engine, A very good GPU is required to get a decent frame rate, yet the results look like a 15 year old First person shooter, Half Life looked better in the late 90s."
,Not Recommended,266310,21990080,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Doggo,No
,Not Recommended,266310,28572918,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Gipsar_YT,"*update* i was over hyped and when i used it i instantly said no this cant be it, i just could not find stuff in the menus and found it complicating and hard to work with. sorry for my other hurtful review devs. i think what you need to do is make the menus and ui more user friendly and streaght forward than it already is so people new to the engine like i was can get to know it easier. and make it so it sticks up to the hype because me and many other users were over hyped for a long time then when we use it it is not goodhave a nice day gameguru users-Gipsar"
76561198056186683,Not Recommended,266310,29104068,Posted: 7 January,all,GuyOnAChair,"Feels more like a toy than actual software to make games. And if anyone should know that it's me. Also considering the graphical options and basic AI combined with fidelity on offer it performs quite poorly for no discernable reason on my specs:-Windows 7 (64-Bit)-GTX 980 SC ACX 2.0-i7 4790k Devils Canyon-16 Gigs Dual Channel-232 Gig SSD dedicated to games/renderingI used the example projects as a benchmark.The default AI is far too crude even for prototyping and is below standards set in the 90's by Wolfenstein 3D, Doom and Quake. There is always potential but until then you are better off with Unity which for the record is an engine I have come to despise."
,Recommended,266310,21683456,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,I.M - N.O.T - M.A.A.D,2 slow 4 me
,Recommended,266310,23560568,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,♥Lonedrood♥,"Very VERY basic... does what it says, good little bit of software for very very basic game design[Update]After 3 more hours exploring and testing i've began to really apreciate this software, it's actually alot of fun and even got my 11 year old brother making games! definitely worth a try."
76561197995823803,Not Recommended,266310,18446024,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,War3ternal,"The good:GameGuru provides a fast, super easy way to build ""a game"".  It includes a pretty good set of models to get you started.  You can import your own models and animatons the Lua scripting language allows you to create various detailed game mechanics without any heavy programming.  It's fairly easy to throw something together fast, then come back and add details later if you want.  The dev is friendly and will usually respond if emailed.  If you don't want to learn anything, or do anything impressive, exciting, or original, this is for you.The bad:As I've spent more time with GameGuru, I've found that EVERY concept I've started to explore has run into bugs or crippling limitations.  I'm amazed that they release this software with so many broken features.  I can't understand why they designed the software with so many obvious limitations.  I didn't buy this software thinking is was ""Unfinished/Early Access"", but that is really what it is.  I guess the devs think that documentation will scare new users away, so they don't offer any.  If you make an error in a Lua script, it can go unidentified and causes the software to crash.  If you want to do something original, and your willing to learn, then look elsewhere.6 months later:They have changed the version number and introduced a FEW new functions.  I've discovered even more limitations.  Bugs I reported over 6 months ago have been confirmed by other users, but are still not even acknowledged by the developer, and most definately NOT FIXED.  There is no real system for reporting bugs, only a forum that is seemingly ignored by the developer.  Some of the included models got broken at some point, and have not been fixed.  They have improved framerates, but even with framerates around 90-100 FPS I still have jerky movement that looks like im getting 20 FPS.  They still don't provide any proper documentation, only an online guide through Steam that is still missing many functions, and lacking critical details of the functions that it does cover.  The few ""support staff"" type people usually can't offer anything useful(if they respond at all), and any real help comes from other users.Recently I've spent more time testing a few new features and I've found that none of them allow me to take my project any further.  There are still just too many basic functions missing.  The ""lead developer"" is now claiming he's the ""only developer"" and that's become the go-to reason given for the lack of progress on anything meaningful.Development goals come from a list that users vote on.  Unfortunately since they have marketed this to users that don't understand even basic programming, the development goals that are voted on are mostly things that can be done through the existing scripting language even with it's significant limitations.  There are a series of youtube videos that explaing how to do various things. Users that don't care to look at the videos, or unable to follow examples of even the simplest methods can simply make a feature request.  Lee, the solitary developer, is all too happy to add these simple requests to his 'feature vote"" list(maybe because they will be easy to check off this list, and this list is his measure of progress).  In this way, Lee has made for himself an endless list of simple tasks that make the software more ""idiot friendly"", but do nothing to make the software more capable.  I'm afraid he's chosen to ""rearrange the deck chairs on the Titanic"" with the community driver feature vote.  It's clear that this software isn't going to get the basic features that it still needs to be a ""real"" engine any time soon.In a recent email to the developer(Lee), I asked about problems I was having due to ""gimbal lock"" and the fact that several bug reports I made had been ignored.  His response was to ignore the bug report question completely(what a surprise!), and he offer explanation about Euler rotations while acting like he didn't understand what ""gimbal lock"" is as he dismissed the issue and even claimed it was a ""feature"".  He said ""Strangely, you're the first to quiz this feature of the engine"", and he said gimbal lock is ""an engine choice that works for most uses"".  His implication was that he had not heard of this issue, and could not conceive of a situation where this might be an issue, and IF it was a problem, I was the only one complaining about it.  I gave him some examples of how gimbal lock was limiting what I could do, but he never responded.A quick look at the ""Feature Vote"" list:  At this time(7/29/16) I can see that if we're lucky in 3 months, Lee will be working on ""implementing"" a function that already exists and was explained in a instructional video 7 months ago(""Quest Givers"").  6 months from now he might be on to another function that was also explained 7 months ago(""Inventory"").  After 9 months we are literally back to square one(""Quests"").  After maybe a year, he'll get around to another one that was covered 9 months ago(Lifts and Conveyors).  The features I mention here are all things that are easy to do now.  The ""Feature Vote"" list is a bad joke.  Most of the ""features"" on the list are things that are already present, or things you can't believe GameGuru still doesn't have.With this product even a monkey can make a really bad game!  I've owned GameGuru since it come out on Steam, and I just haven't seen any progress in the direction I would like to see it go.  It has, at times, been interesting to experiment with and find ways to try to work around the many limitations of this software, but ultimately it's been a complete waste of my time."
76561198291355143,Recommended,266310,22026140,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,CordlessPlayer,"Well im not much for makin games as i soon found out for there has yet too be an interface that I can knowingly interact with so I guess i'll just wait untill there is one but as for this software I would'nt really say its bad its just not for me.....say i have particular tastes.Bravo on the developer support though, Quite So.........Indeed"
,Recommended,266310,15883217,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,vantom,This UK Indie developer create a fantastic thing. GameGuru gives you a chance to make games that you and your friends can play and enjoy! Making games has never been this easy.
,Not Recommended,266310,30438116,Posted: 10 March,all,=247= wildbill2003,i got this to make online games and you can not do that and you can not make gamesi have fps 1 and now this one and it sucks you can not do what you would like they f u out of youur money
,Not Recommended,266310,29905792,Posted: 13 February,all,disqrl,"Guys, please make some kind of option of map size, cuz there have to be some how to decrease polygons..."
,Recommended,266310,28456919,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TheClassicZombie,Its a good Game Engine to play with no legal guff to monitize fully costumizable strongly recommend for beginners who are starting out in game development and lua scripting.And ignore the bad reveiws!ENJOY!
76561198084060517,Recommended,266310,29348764,Posted: 18 January,all,spectrepaul,"Quick and easy 3D game development, what more could you want with this package. I like the ease of use of the editor and now there is a way to load the 3D game levels into AGK their other gaming product it makes this a great package. Well done TGC and Lee!"
,Not Recommended,266310,25657692,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Pepesilvia,"GameGuru is an ok engine for people who don't have any programming experience, however if you think you're going to make a serious game from it think again. While it may change names again in the future, it will always be in beta regardless of what the product states. While the loading times have improved from the original FPSC, there are too many issues tied to it's source code that probably will never be fixed. I'm sure many non-bias people who can think for themselves will agree if you look at it's history. I've actually lived through it since 2005.Furthermore, this engine like it's predecessors seem to all have the same motive: making some quick money then going mia until people forget about it. FPSC, FPSC x9, FPSC X10, and now GameGuru seem to all follow this pattern since 2005.  It is however a great platform for new programmers to learn LUA, and the community is very helpful and knowledgeable. I will say it's the community in my opinion that keeps me coming back, but I regret investing my time and money into a dead end product. Also, the mickey mouse encryption which didn't exist before is ruining everything. If you're trying to protect a developer's intellectual property/content wouldn't it be a good idea to have it exist in the first place? What's the point of protecting something that doesn't exist? It can't even copy texture and basic text files right or even at all for that matter. GameGuru is the only engine where after I build my game, I have to go into the folders and manually check that it copied all the files over correctly. Then I have to manually copy the missing files over, and if an encrypted file was corrupted during the build I have to add and re-encrypt the whole build myself with a third party program."
76561198145236018,Recommended,266310,23460948,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Tat2ghost,OK....I mean Its ok for some newbies but its not like unity or somthing when you have full controllthis you have to use those models those texture and evey thingAnd you cant even make your own thingsDUMB STUPID THING FOR PEOPLE WHO WANT TO MAKE GOOD GAMES...But noobs...GO FOR IT
,Not Recommended,266310,19151769,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Gooby,"** This was written AFTER the performance update. **Background:Male, 11 years of programming experience, mostly C/C++.Used T3DGC, DB, DBPro, FPSC, and FPSCX10; Beta tested FPSCX10, even got a lovely christmas-card from TGC.Disclaimer:The harsh language and comparisons made should be taken lightly, as I am exaggerating for the sake of exaggerating. That being said, the complaints are legitimate complaits.On to the review:Remember the time you wanted a Game Boy for christmas, and you got a Super 30-in-1 off-brand ""Game Boy"" instead?That is what this software is to other game creation suites/tools.Admittedly, you can have very much fun with a Super 30-in-1 off-brand ""Game Boy"" but you still know it's not a Nintendo Game Boy.First off, performance is terrible, even after the sought after performance update.I mean, I can run GTA V, Fallout 4 and Metal Gear Solid V at the highest graphical settings in 1080p at a rock steady 60FPS, but my computer still drops frames when playing a demo level with Game Guru.I'll admit that the update GREATLY improved performance, but as stated above, FPS drops still happend.Secondly there is the standard assets.It's the kind of bland, poor-quality nonsense regulary reserved for early PS2 low-budget shooters.I bet comparing the GG player/enemy models/rigs/animations with the ones from FPSC Classic would exhibit remarkable similarity.I clarify my view on the standard assets later in the review.Some pro's and con's:Pro's:- Easy to use (Double edged sword)- Terrain modeling- LUA Scripting- Good for beginners- Have a game up and running (albeit with unstable performance) in secondsCon's:- Easy to use comes at the expense of de facto game development standards- Performance- No hitboxes (this has bothered me since FPSC Classic)- Editor layout- Out-of-the-box AI is broken (but can be improved easily through LUA)- Explosions are sprite based (I swear, I'm not making this up!)- Depth issues related to the use of sprites (i.e. explosions, blood, and so on)- No editor ability to tweak/add/remove shaders- Adding/making custom assets can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ - Did I mention that explosions are SPRITE BASED?!- You can't distribute multiplayer games (yet)To clarify:Sprite based visual effects:When I say sprite based, I mean it as in ONE LARGE SPRITE, as in Doom or Duke Nukem 3D.I can appreciate that GG is a work in progress, but the explosion sprite from FPSC Classic looked SOOO MUCH BETTER. I mean, it looked like a dream compared to the current one.Standard assets and game engine:Many argue that the standard assets are just there as an example, a template if you will, and that you can get much more out of Game Guru by making/adding custom assets and utilizing them in conjunction with LUA to make more use of the engine.Although this is very true, if you have the knowledge to make your own character models, rig them, animate, export, and script accordingly using LUA, you obviously have a good understanding of how these things work, and you might be better off utilizing a true and tested enging like for example Unity or Unreal Engine.If you're a beginner/aspiring developer you likely have little to no scripting experience, in which case the ability to customize game mechanics or other aspects of the game through LUA would be lost on you.Though there is many other things I could have picked on, I refrain from doing so as it would not make my point any stronger, but instead serve to paint me as a ""hater.""Final thoughts:This product has potential, just like The 3D Game Creator had potential, then FPSC Classic, then FPSCX10.I've owned many TGC products, including but not limited to:- DarkBasic- The 3D Game Creator- DarkBasic Pro- FPSC Classic- FPSCX10- DarkGDKEvery product by TGC that I've used, I've only used for a short period of time, with the exception of FPSC Classic.FPSC Classic had a fantastic community, which later became even better with the release of the game engine source code, which many improved on to such a degree that the engines modified by the community became paramount to developers using FPSC Classic.FPSC Classic was simply the best WYSIWYG game maker at the time, but that slowly began to change when FPSCX10 was released and the community was split between two camps.Trying to reinvent and rebranding the steel every X years will not improve the product, but going back and improving the steel by adding other elements to make it stronger, better and more suited for the constantly changing environment in which it is used; That will improve it.I hope that is what TGC are going for with GG, as I fondly remember tinkering with FPSC Classic and DarkBASIC Pro, which inspired me to get into C/C++ with DarkGDK, and today I make my daily bread from C/C++ programming.What I think is the strike of genius with the release of GG is that it's deployed on steam (with all the advantages that follow), and the community feature vote; Those two things will help in making GG better.I hope that the GG community will thrive soon, and that it will become the new FPSC Classic and inspire many to pursue a career in game development and/or programming; But I simply cannot recommend GG to anyone at the moment of writing this.Peace!"
,Not Recommended,266310,14756626,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,KelusFox~*,"(If your hoping to have an easy game creater, this isn't the software for you. There is a huge lack of tool bars and settings. How on earth they managed to build the Demo levels with this software is beyond me. Early 2015)As an update to this review, they had done a lot of good since i had written the review up above, An easy Character creator and widget menu had been added, and an option to import your own models via .3ds files. You can change the Menu screens and screen overlays for buttons and loading screens.Has a video tutorial in the menu bar, but goes straight to youtube. (The enthusiasm of the commentator is Awesome, and informative.)The Main Menu on the top bar is still missing advanced tools and settings. A way to specifically set the terrain at a specific heights, you can't make a multiple layered level, tunnels, caverns holes in raised terrain. Can't be shaped at angles or Plato's. Extremely simple and reminiscent of the 90's before red faction.I'm more of a stickler for details in my game creations. The logical portion in there, but the details and freedom are lacking. If your looking for a really fast way to make a really simple lackluster game, than this May very well be for you, but don't expect to make any thing resembling any thing in modern games. A good training tool to build a foundation for game development and design. 12/23/2015."
76561197981693797,Recommended,266310,16838600,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Shrouded,"Well I must say after spending some time with this software it's one of the best products for making quick games with. I picked this up a few days ago and started playing with it, getting a feel for the program took me no less then ten minutes. Now, I've played with the mainstream engines UDK, UE4, CE3, Unity4-5 and I was never able to get something done so fast with any of these Unreal Engine 4 is a bit easier than the other two I've mentioned but this is still easier. If you don't want to take the time in learning complicated game engines like the ones I've listed above then this is probably the best twenty bucks you will spend. It literally took me an hour to get something to look good and very playable.It's intuitive, easy to learn, good quality visuals, and fun! You CAN import your own .x and .3ds model files so I don't know where these other reviewers come off saying ""You can't use your own content."" This is something I highly disagree with. A shout out to those people: do yourself a favor and find some plugins for 3ds Max, Maya, or whatever else you use. Blender exports to these filetypes natively and it's free, so why not get started with the cheapest, and in my opinion the best way to get started in game making without needing to worry about silly royalties because you can sell your creations without worrying about losing any money.I mean sure, Unreal Engine 4 and Unity are free but they are complicated engines to use. UE4 has a 5% royalty but offers plenty of ways to make a game without needing to program. Unity is good as well and royalty free but this package forces you to code everything as far as game funtionality is concerned! CryEngine 3 is $9.90 a month, royalty free and a pain to use, not too mention the silly crap you need to download to get things to work properly and if you cancel, you can no longer use it, AAA studios getting you again. When it comes down to it and you just want to make something this is a good place to start if you're just getting your feet wet. Otherwise I would advise more professional level folks go after the engines I mentioned above. This software is no slouch and is still in the works and I would reccomend this.But yes, buy this software you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,266310,17193075,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Lemme get uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,I LOVE IT! Hours of fun making your own level. One thing that I really like is that it is easy to use.
,Recommended,266310,17272532,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Steriotypical White Male Teen,"Its a bit difficult untill you get used to it, and the character creator sometimes glitches out, But its a verry good game creator, im making a game in it and i have a fealing its going to be a good one :-)"
,Recommended,266310,32581086,Posted: 19 June,all,kitten5710,Really fun and easy to understand.
76561198204078163,Recommended,266310,28298155,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Handstand Champ,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!but i wish you could make your own moves and add them into the game
76561198096266518,Recommended,266310,32399025,Posted: 13 June,all,Mrcoweater,This software is pretty awesome. I really liked playing the Asylum level.
76561197972436174,Recommended,266310,28395838,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Heather Kettle games,AWESOME
76561198367198733,Not Recommended,266310,30676865,Posted: 22 March,all,cjhebner,"This program looks easy from the start but, I had trouble figuring things out and eventual gave up on this product. IF YOU DON'T HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE MAKING GAMES THEN THIS PROGAM IS NOT ONE TO START OUT ON."
76561198122574382,Not Recommended,266310,21400744,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,wesley.thomas,"I suppose it could be a good game maker if all I wanted to do was make a realistic shooter where all the enemies are variations on the theme of ""nasty man with a gun"" or ""zombie,"" with real weapons that are changed slightly so as not to tip off the copyright holder. But if I want to make a genre throwback or FPS/RPG where you can have more guns than you have eyebrows, and fight truly inhuman enemies with guns that shoot fire and lightning and need a built-in crane to help you lift them, I can't do that. It's go the meat, yes-a first-person perspective and some baddies to shoot. But it lacks the peas 'n' carrots (a gun that's a bigger, meaner version of your automatic weapon, a poor-man's version of the bazooka, a lazer gun, and an ""overpowered exotic thing you never get ammo for and only use in the boss fight""-which is usually the most well-remembered part about the whole thing) and potatoes (enemies that aren't ""bad mans with guns, or zombies"").  It would be nice if we had a weapon editor to go with the character editor, maybe a tool to make our own models for both from the ground-up, then this wouldn't sting so bad. Heck, if it were a DLC, I'd be on it like jam on toast. I just wish it were an option.Update: Some of the stuff I pointed out as wanting is on the waiting list or part of a DLC."
76561198306134368,Not Recommended,266310,23195754,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,intense.gta.pilot,Trash! doesnt work
,Recommended,266310,27960047,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SaYyIV,برنامج سهل جدا الاستخدام مافي اي تعقيدات ولا استخدام اكوادفي رايي اسهل برنامج تصميم العاب
76561198275344512,Not Recommended,266310,32245271,Posted: 7 June,all,TheSilentDemon,It is a good thing to use but i saldy did not like it
,Not Recommended,266310,26392905,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ＮＴ ＯＳ ＴＷＯ,"This is the cause of 0 talent games on Geenlight... It fun to play with, not much to do with it. The DLC is stupid. Its basically is like the FC4 map creator."
,Not Recommended,266310,26334412,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Derp,"TL;DR there are engines from the 90s that look down on this sorry mess of an engineMy PC can run Unreal Engine with Visual Studio no problem but this substandard engine in addition to barely making games with better graphics than the Playstation 2 runs at 25FPS on a Core i5 PC with a dedicated 4GB NVIDIA Geforce GPU, so not worth the money, it's no small wonder to me now after buying it on sale why it's so frequently on sale, because no one in their right mind would waste the equivalent of €20 in their currency on this horrible engine, so to summarise imho it's not worth the dirt on my shoe, bring your engine up to scratch with this decade, devs, The Original Unreal Engine had better graphics and that was released in 1998PS: I'm totally getting a refund for this abhorrent mess"
,Not Recommended,266310,17500602,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,CaptChadd,"IMPORANT INFOMATIONIf you have purchased FPS Creator Reloaded as a pledge / crowdfund type system, then you do not need to buy GameGuru, as it is the product branchline.In your The Game Creators website accounts page you will now find converted Steam keys.I say this as they do not make this clear at all on this store page meaning that I bought a renamed product that I in fact already owned but did not become aware of this until a Developer co-workers of mine for a large corporation of which I cannot mention informed me off.This is not slander, this is just letting customers know all of the product information including its development history."
,Not Recommended,266310,33964210,Posted: 1 August,all,Spooky Meme Goblin,"Has some issues, I don't know if I would reccomenend it right now."
76561198051500348,Not Recommended,266310,22784513,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,⚔Gared⚔,"Making a game in this game is way hard! They said it would be easy!Anyone please, how do i get a refund?"
76561198252665706,Not Recommended,266310,29217008,Posted: 12 January,all,ninjainfomart,don't buy it's total junk it's very buggy and the controls are clunky and the i emailed them with some questions that never got answered . and the graphics are bad get free unreal engine instead.
,Not Recommended,266310,23024138,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Speycs,This game creator isn't that what it could offer
,Not Recommended,266310,31319697,Posted: 23 April,all,tmh comp.tf,"This engine is cleary BAD! Only good for the beginners, only for them! Graphics are so bad, aufull! Everything is redy and also physics! You can not anything own! Because the idea is already made! Just change diffrent materials with bad graphics! i MADE MY OWN FINISHED GAME IN 4 HOURS! Jesus I spent 120 hours to make games on Unity and in Macromedia Flash! I don't recomend you this S H I T! Don't spend money on this! Don not!"
,Not Recommended,266310,16712734,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Uncle Jeffey,Very buggy and the zombies dont hurt you
,Not Recommended,266310,17273343,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Novanoid,Why does this lag so bad? My PC does not suck but this is just so laggy
76561198046747192,Not Recommended,266310,29671312,Posted: 3 February,all,WitchingSnake,horrible junk not working properly.graphics below half life 2 and performance and ai and guns and everything. this is a trap to get you to spend money on assets in  their store for a not working engine.
76561198186711750,Not Recommended,266310,16340263,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,livingforhimfirst,If you can save the game it would be nice. I save it and it shuts down or frezes.
,Not Recommended,266310,16427377,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mearkat,"This sucked, it had very limitations and you were only able to make one map, thats it, no title screen, no 2 maps, nothing!"
76561197979655140,Not Recommended,266310,16497842,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Revolver,"+Great gamemaker can make games quite easily, No need for codes or anything like that.Just let your imagination run free.-You are not able to create big maps so making a MMO anything out of this engine is impossible.-Not quire shining that you need to Buy stuff like the RPG maker in order to make an RPG game.-Making more complicated games will require you to have more skills in gamemaking and programing.-Bad and tiny Tutorial forceing you to have to go youtube other Tutorials.1 out of 5.Revolvers Review > 19/100 Bullet Points.Good way to make funny small LAN games,But thats it."
76561198132828182,Not Recommended,266310,16785553,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,rami.rhaa,"i have bought the software but i have get shocked for many reasons !!! i have get the (GameGuru Premium Pack) the packages have many items , but i thing we like to have more !!! the loading screen show GameGuru and can be removed manually as image but no profissional option to change or modify this options (in first version i have tested) !!!"
,Not Recommended,266310,16835445,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Troll3Killer,"GameGuru is a software for making games. However I do not think it is a software for making professional products, but rather it is a software for people who have never made a game before and wanted to try it out. When I bought the software along with all of the dlc, I expected to find a very professional and easy-to-use experience. However when I first played all I saw was a very confusing and shoddy product. When I first made this review I simply said that i did not like the game and did not recommend the software. However, since the game developers were so kind to comment on my review, I went back to the software. It did have improvements like they said, however I still felt it was much easier to go to unity (which was free) and try to make something there. Even thought the devs have tried to persuade me to recommend this product, I can wholeheartedly say that I DO NOT LIKE THIS SOFTWARE."
76561198068002363,Not Recommended,266310,15203513,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,The Banderbush,I am unfortunatly one of those people that cannot get this program to work!
76561198106190103,Not Recommended,266310,33722742,Posted: 22 July,all,DOOM,"Please don't buy this game.If you're thinking, ""Oh, I wanna make my own games and show my friends and everyone will think I'm cool,"" then this is not for you. If you're a braindead idiot who just wants to spend money on crappy products, go ahead.I want my 20 bucks back.This was such a waste of my time. It's slow. It takes a million years to load into each little area you want to go to. Not to mention that the models are crappy, and the gameplay itself will always be awful, no matter how good you make the game.Even so, by the time you get done making the game, it will probably have taken you 10 years, just because it's so damn slow.Do yourself and your 20 dollars a favor. Buy yourself a real game development program, like Game-Maker, Unity, or even RPG Maker, but do NOT buy this. You can go buy yourselfa new shirt, or you can throw your money down the drain by buying this."
,Not Recommended,266310,14970231,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,XGeoCookieX,"Don't buy it, its really constrictive. I would never buy a game made with this and you can't even put characters or make a proper story. All you can do is put in a crossbow to shoot at walls."
,Not Recommended,266310,17149738,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Spizy Chicken,"Heavily flawed in both software, support and hostile community of devs and mods. Be warned, and avoid.Not only is it unfinished and has many issues, the Company Game Makers, Moderators, and Devs are very abusive to those who spend money on their software. There are much better programs out there with friendly forums that will gladly give you help when you need it without berating you over simple questions and concerns.There is little to no support and the few people in the forums are VERY hostile towards anyone trying to learn or pointing out issues that need fixed. Watch out! I was perm banned under lies by those who were mad I was pointing out issues.I was continually abused in the forums by arrogant mods and devs, and then finally permantily BANNED after I left the software a negative review.Don't waste your money! You will be sorry, trust me."
76561198033984598,Not Recommended,266310,22738682,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Animono,2/10
76561198134112409,Not Recommended,266310,16771354,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jordan,"At first glance this looks like a great game maker. But it's really a waste of money as of now, let me explain. Do you know how the Far Cry 3 lever editor you can script and build mountains. In GameGuru you really have less things to do. This is a level editor. If you make 2 games with this and then compare them, you would see how they are almost exactly alike. You will see buildings and models repeat over and over again. Even if the games are 2 different genres the game machcanics will just have a slight tweak. If the person you show this to doesnt know about GameGuru, they would think (dempending on how good the game is) they would think it's quite ok. You are also stuck with basic models and store bought models. No customisation at all. On top of the price GameGuru, You may have seen that I said ''Store bought models''. That's because you can buy models, some times even in a pack, for some almost more than GameGuru its self! So if you look into making a actual game and not just a level, don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,266310,24266559,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,TheFatPooBear #team baulz,This maker sucks. Quality and micro-transactions suck♥♥♥♥♥♥2/10 would not play again
,Recommended,266310,21627330,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,iRazer,I Personaly Found This Game Easy - To - Menover (if i spelt that right)it was easy to get what i wanted into the mapBut the thing waying this Game Down was that it was Laggyi have a pc with Low SpecsBasicly a Computer that runs L4D2 At Full Medium QualityI Would Reccomend this if you can run CSGO At All High.This is an awesome tool but needs to be better for the people with less money to afford Shet like AlienWare and other stuff.+ Lee Bamber is helpful as hellllwhen i review ( i like to review alot)people do not give a sh!t what i thinkatleast these Dev's Care about their game!they show love to it!which is what i like to see so instead im changing the rec From No To Yes!Please be aware you might get lag But Lee Is soooooooo helpful!
76561198154002025,Not Recommended,266310,18077865,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,2005zombiekiller,it doeint work good at all and its a waste of money i would of bought h1z1 in stead of this or something good
76561198069345980,Not Recommended,266310,17806471,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,whiteytokens,Dont waste your money!!! barely any usable assetts. Rpg maker has more features and its free!
76561198253185140,Not Recommended,266310,19197557,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,vacMASTER,This is one of the worst software ever. I have a 2 TB computer and the fps is at 10. If you want to buy this game then just buy a 10 TB computer!
,Not Recommended,266310,24609792,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sami,Horrible.
76561197999169370,Not Recommended,266310,29681296,Posted: 3 February,all,Photon Man,There.
,Recommended,266310,17960654,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Sausage,Great
76561198110042324,Recommended,266310,16836399,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Thicccc BOi ccsgoatse.com,This game was too much of a level builder. They want you to spend too much money on DLC's so you can even do anything. Worst money ever spent. Steam refunds came just in time. Don't waste your time. Plenty of free programs that work 1000 times better than this.EDIT: The game is making lots of changes i the right direction
,Recommended,266310,16290588,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Lazarinia Gaming,"There were main 4 reasons why I did not recommend the engine, for most game developers these would be BIG turning points in games you have set and are trying to develop, on the other hand bored developers, new learners, or improvisers, would be good for you, it depends what you expect of it.I have now revised that here:Personally I do like just how dedicated the developers are to their creation, and urged me to change my review, so I did. c:Although I previously did not recommend this, I took my own goals out of the equation thinking back on it, and it is a really good engine for it's price. It is very simplistic (unless you go into it's advanced features) and actually very easy to use.I was expecting to have an easy character creator and an easy 3D modeler I could work with to create my own assets but from what I have seen that wasn't so, even though you can port over your own models and characters, I was expected it to be included. (I do expect the highest possible quality if it shows it's outcome as high quality material, so I can be a little quick to judge [ok, more than just a little]).After my planned intro project failed, I looked back on what made it not work, in which were pretty much the 4 main points I didn't recommend this at first.It is a very well made software for it's price, it just wasn't perfect for me, I will wait to see what the dilligent devs come up with and maybe give it another go, but until then I'll just do something else.Note: You need a pretty good PC to run this, in my case I have a pretty crappy one, so I had A TON of client lag, I would get a good PC so you can get the most out of your creations with this."
,Recommended,266310,17340897,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Nightmare754,"Good level editor, great for making maps, terrain etc. Easy placing assets and making a small casual game."
76561198093839092,Not Recommended,266310,15988027,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Mike&ike,"its alot of fun to make games in just a few minutes, although, it lacks some customization and the engine is really only meant for levels, not open world. However, you can make an open world game by having doors that go to other levels. Even though the store is a little expensive, its still worth it becuase you dont have to spend hours yourself making it. since im not a computer specialist, the games im making on game guru are probably going to be just as good as if i make them on Unity 5. Also, they updated their game engine so that with big levels its not laggy like the videos you saw up there, so thats a big plus. Also, they still haven't made it so that you can have standalone multiplayer, which is a BIG negative. :(. This software also lacks making a  story and NOT HAVING A STORY RICH GAME , which is very important. Overall, i would not recomend it for  making games, but for a toy, its pretty good."
,Recommended,266310,18317399,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dr. Chair,:):)
,Recommended,266310,16342635,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Gray Wolf λ,İf u wanna do somtng easy and cheap u can buy.
76561198217167404,Recommended,266310,18718930,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Fb||Picou,"I was initially disappointed by GameGuru : I thought that the possibilities to make a nice FPS were very limited... But after ~10 hours of training, I realize that I was wrong...PROS :- a large map (768 x 768 meters in real world measurements).- a huge assets library (most are paying (but it's cheap), but also most are free :) ).- many tutorials who are greats.- imagination is the only restriction to do a FPS or TPS....- use is really easy ...- cheap compared to crye engine....CONS :- not enough characters... Even with the character editor... (and if you want convert a mixamo 3D model to GG, it's very complicated and long...). WWII characters are missing :/ ...- AI is really stupid...- graphics are bad compared to Unreal Engine... But somehow it makes the game fun (really :) )- levels system is not enough developed...- you need a war machine to run the map when you create your map...and when you put too many elements on it, the game is very slow (I had an average of 3 FPS...), but I'm aware, I have just the minimum requirements....- you can't publish your game on Steam :/ I'm disappointed...My PC : MacBook Air Early 2015 ; Intel i5 ; 1,60 GHz ; 4G Memory ; Intel HD6000 (1500 Mo)"
,Recommended,266310,19448160,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Steve,"Great tool for helping people unfamiliar with coding create their own game, at a pretty good price too."
,Not Recommended,266310,14679291,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Dude Time,"This game engine is unoptimized. Even with a high-end rig (GTX 980 ti, i7-4770k, 16 GB RAM), you'd be lucky to get constant 60 fps.You know, I wouldn't mind setting all graphics options to lowest in-order to get 60 fps, but guess what, you're limited to 3 graphics options:- Highest- Medium- LowestThese 3 settings are okay for a Flash game, not a 3D game engine.Setting it to ""Lowest"" only gives about 10-15 fps boost, which is still not enough to get constant 60 fps.If you're the dev, here's what you have to do:Give the user more graphics options. After that, optimize the engine.For now, avoid this engine, especially if you don't have a high-end PC."
76561198041571110,Recommended,266310,30879084,Posted: 1 April,all,Turjav,"A timid reccomendation but be warned, although the game has a LOT of beautiful assets (look at the Galaxy Seed demo map and prepare to be blown away) the AI (especially for the Zombies) is NOT up to par so unless you are good at coding, you are likely to have a lot of trouble with that.The biggest problem with this is that it is obviously not finished and may not ever be given that there is apparently only one developer who is running several other projects including APP Game Kit, My Story, etc.I actually bought this software for myself AND my three brothers... bit of remorse now... The most disappointing features of this game are the Character creator and the AI.Character creator is probably the worst I have seen. (Sorry if that sounded mean but it's true and I am including Playstation 2 games I played when I was a kid.) Not only is it impossible to create a conventionally good looking character but many of the character assets available in Game Guru itself are not available in the Character Creator, the upshot being that you can't make a  fantasy or SF Character unless you want to give them an UZI a pump shotgun, a Sniper Rifle or Colt 1911 and pretend that is authentic somehow.Unlike Unity etc. you can't use your own character models created in Fuse (which is a free program you can get on Steam.) Instead, Game Guru directs you to spend £30 to download FBX2GG(http://gamegurutools.co.uk/fbx.html)which is simpy a utility to convert files you make with Fuse, Mixamo and Adobe Decimator (all free) into a format that Game Guru can use but now FBX2GG has apparently been taken down, the upshot being that you can't use Fuse models in Game Guru unless you can figure out how to do so yourself without their help (maybe with Fragmotion?)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdmpArzxnz0Any price you see for this game will be much less than you actually pay for it because of the limited resources which you will end up wanting to add to though even then, as noted, you won't be able to use most of them in Character creation. In fact, I was very surprised when you see how few assets I could use in the way I wanted even after sinking a huge amount of money into the Game Guru expansions. The sci fi pack for instance, added ONE weapon but I couldn't attach it to a custom character.As for Game Guru itself, there are a lot of good things about this system (I loved how you could top off magazines on the weapons which is a realistic feature I have never seen in a game before) and I do love the interface which is very easy to pick up and highly funtional but it is held back by the surprisingly limited number of options and resources available and the APPALLINGLY BAD enemy AI.The Level Editor in Time Splitters: Future Perfect for the Playstation 2 provided much better enemies than are available in this game as does the default enemy AI for Morrowind and really, just about every other game from that era. Seeing brain-dead enemies literally glide across the terrain because they can't be bothered to move their legs when they walk.... who still manage to get stuck on flat terrain failing helplessly as you walk up to them will completely take you out of the game. If the Dev can patch in better enemy AI and animations (which they have been apparently planning to do for ages but haven't got around to yet and may not ever get around to judging by how many other projects they have going) it might be OK but at present, it is below what is required for basic funtionality. (BTW, I found a user-created script which creates good stealth assassins below though I still can't find one which creates normal enemies that can walk across a room compotently.)https://forum.game-guru.com/thread/207801?page=7#msg2514856Upshot: Using this, it is easy to make an ugly, buggy mess of a game but you will have to put in some serious thinking and spend some time hunting down new scripts and user mods if you want to make anything very fun. The one exception to this would be vs. multiplayer. Although the broken enemy AI makes the game laughably bad as a single player experience, you can actually make good maps so if creating maps for vs. multiplayer is your thing, it might be worth a buy but otherwise, save your money.There is a lot of potential and I love the concept but this is simply not finished. Do you want to spend a lot of time fighting with brain dead AI to create a low-grade shooter without even the possibility for dialogue and no bosses either? Do want to make a game with Zombies that don't even fight back but just stand their ground and growl at you? If so, Game Guru might be the game engine for you.P.S.I just learned that paid for Game Guru Assets can be used in other games. This makes the purchase if you want to use those assets worthwhile since bying comparable assets would cost a lot more than $20."
