user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,266490,10080253,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Motoki,"Lili is a short, casual, visually exceptional 3D adventure game that's heavy on atmosphere and charm but light on story and variety.Pros:- Visuals are gorgeous. It does not look at all like a mobile port and has some of the best visuals I've come across in an indie game.- Fully 3D world that you can wander around in at your own pace.- Nice atmosphere. The island is populated with lots of whimsical characters and the game oozes charm.- Non-violent, suitable for children old enough to have a fair degree of reading comprehension but also accessible for adults. (I realize this may be a con for some who are looking for a more meaty sort of game)- Unique. It's a bit different than pretty much everything else out there.Cons:- Not the greatest value considering the price to length ratio. I like short games but $20 for a few hours play feels a bit steep to me.- Game play is rather repetitive. You do the same few things for the entire game, namely collect items and play the same sort of quicktime mini game in lieu of actual battles. This is somewhat forgivable given the very short length of the game however.- The 4 zones are small and there's not much interaction with the environment.- Story is rather thin and there is no intro; you just get plopped in.-Only partial controller support. The developer states full controller support is in the works. At present you can run around the world, collect items, check your map and talk to npcs with the controller but going into menus and playing the mini game battles requires keyboard and mouse.- Full controller support has now been added. Sort of. They basically did a virtual mouse pointer that the left analog stick controls but it feels very shoehorned in as an afterthought rather than controls designed around a controller. Control directions in the UI still don't reference the controller when you are using it either.Neutral:- RPG elements are quite lite. That's not a con. The game is what it is, but calling the game an ""RPG hybrid"" while not technically incorrect, may give an inaccurate impression. There's some very minor leveling and skill progression but don't expect hitpoints, skill trees and such.- No voice acting. The game is fine without it but I feel it would have added that extra bit to draw you in even more. Also it would allow for younger children to play. As non-violent games are somewhat rare, it seems especially suited for young children but the amount of reading creates a bit of an age barrier.- Feels like a missed opportunity in some ways. The visuals and atmosphere are excellent and the game well done as is, but part of me feels like it could have been so much more with more variety and length.- A couple of aspects still feel like a game created around touch input, namely the mini game where you pull flowers which is a major part of the game. Also the level up menus with the big wide buttons to hit and just the general sort of largeness of the UI. These do work just fine with a mouse though.- The battle / mini games on the keyboard and mouse have a totally different feel than on the controller. The former has a more tactile almost Angry Birds type of feel with pulling while the latter feels more like DDR. I'm not sure which I like better. They're very different.I enjoyed Lili for what it was, a unique, short, charming and visually stunning adventure game but part of me wished it to be more than it was, that it were much longer, the quests more complex, that Lili had companions, there were more choices etc. The game does end leaving future adventures for Lili a possibility so perhaps a sequel could be based around the PC platform from the beginning this time and more complex. It's a fun possibility to contemplate.This isn't to say that Lili is incomplete. It's not, it's just a short and casual game. Sometimes it's nice to have those as a break or when you don't want to get into huge commitment with a new game.The $20 price point I feel is a bit high for the short length of the game but if this sort of game appeals to you I'd recommend it when it goes on a sale."
76561198044037864,Recommended,266490,12792087,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Magnificent Buttshark,"Oooh boy, this is an odd one...When I came along to see this game on sale, I thought what would await me was a cheesy, but pretty RPG with puzzles to solve and battles to win, much like the advertised likeness to Zelda and Psychonauts. What greeted me instead was an almost childish flower-picking simulator with the most gorgeous artstyle I ever saw.And I didn't mind.I bought this game, like some other people, because of the screenshots, and the promise of reliving some of the charm of the games of my childhood. I'm not normally a person who cares much for graphical fidelity in games so long as the gameplay is fun, however in this case? Quite the opposite. Something about the graphics style just makes me innately happy whenever I look at it. It puts my mind to rest for a while, which as a person with depression and anxiety attacks is a bloody godsend. The entire game is very colorful, vivid and nicely stylized, with very fluent animation, adorable little details and an overall just... happy feeling to it. It's easily one of the best-looking games I've played in my life, and it does so not through polygon count, but clever, passionate stylization. Don't get me wrong, though, the models are still pretty high quality.With the graphics out of the way, though, let's address gameplay. This is where I initially felt cheated by the storepage claiming such close resemblance to the Zelda and Psychonauts games. I imagined adventuring, clever puzzles and dangerous trials. What I got was ""Flower Picking - Collector's Edition"", with the 'Collector' being quite literal. This is a game about collecting things and smashing pots. Collect flowers. Collect money. Collect conversation. Collect Collectibles. Every so often you'll fight a spirit, where the term 'fighting' is used much in the same way the term 'Discussion' is used for having a 12-year-old squeak into their microphone online in your FPS of choice. The spirits run away from you, because apparently a 16 year-old hipster florist apprentice is more dangerous than a mystical, 7 feet tall nature spirit with magic powers. Once you've caught up to the spirits, the fighting is technically a long, randomized QTE. They grow flowers from their backs. Sometimes they're good flowers, sometimes they're bad flowers, sometimes they're bombs. A button hovers over them and the game wants you to press the button that hovers over the thing which won't harm you like a parent presenting three hot stove plates and a plushie to their three-year-old and telling them to think fast.Occasionally the gameplay is broken up through quests you get from talking carpentry accidents that more often than not involve walking to a specific place or talking to a specific person. Sometimes you need to defeat a certain spirit, which you would probably do anyway sooner or later.What makes the quests, and the game in general interesting are the conversations. Despite the childish flair of the game, the writing is actually enjoyable for the most part, offering some casual humor around every corner. The characters are all quirky enough, and while not exactly believable, are enjoyable to interact with and had me talking to them over and over again to see more conversational options. Whether that was because I actually enjoyed the quirkyness of it all or simply because there's not much else to do I'm not quite sure, but it's lead me to finishing the game and doing so with a smile, so whatever it was, it worked!On account of the writing, however, and the general presentation, in this case of the main character, I'll have to give a bit of a cringe-warning:The game likes its references. Which is all fine and dandy, many games do it, and to great effect, usually in the form of little trinkets hidden here or there, or a quest resembling the story of a classic. Lili has a slightly different approach to that in some points, ""slightly different"" meaning ""IN YOUR FACE"". The game enjoys repeating how much of a gamer the main protagonist is, and how much she knows about casual video game trivia to the point where it had me sit in my chair, squeeze my legs together and groan.""Look at us!"", the game keeps saying, ""We're gamers just like you, haha! See? We played some video games!""""Alright, that's cool!"", I replied with a smile and went on with my business.""Oh hey, did we mention how much we love gaming? Hey, we're just like you! Gamer bro fist, haha!""Alright, game, I get it. You guys made a video game, I kind of figured you'd probably have played one or two before.""Hey look at how much we know about games! Man, games, am I right? We love games so much. We should hang out now because you play games, too!""One last thing to consider before a purchase is the length of the game. I've completed the game with all sidequests in about 4 hours. It's not a terribly long game by any stretch of the imagination. You can beat it in a single afternoon if you're so inclined, and there's little reason to go back to it afterwards unless you just need a breather from grey reality and want to delve into a colorful, gorgeous fantasy island again.All in all, however, it's a minor itch and completely ignorable. The game, while about as casual as a stroll through the park on a sunny spring day, was still enjoyable and while I would not recommend it for the full price, it's certainly worth a look on sale. Whether you're feeling down or just long for something lax to play while listening to a podcast or letting the day fade out, it's sure to put a smile on your face if you don't mind an experience that's more focussed on presentation than gameplay. It's an immensely impressive starting project for BitMonster and I'm looking forward to their next games already.PS: BitMonster, if you guys could make another game with the same art style but more engaging gameplay, I would love you forever."
76561197961494531,Recommended,266490,10068542,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Rapscallion,"Lili: Child of Geos is a collect-a-thon that just exudes charm. I've never had such a fun time collecting flowers and strange garbage from chests in a long time. Just don't go into this expecting Zelda-like combat or something similar to Banjo-Kazooie. You're simply plopped onto a charming little island that can simply be described as something out of a dream.Here's a Quick Look video to see what the game is like, since it's hard to describe with words. But if that's not your thing, then just read my quick and concise review below.http://youtu.be/E2t3cuWZZs8I'll begin by describing the basic mechanics of this game. You play as girl named Lili who is an explorer, and she comes to the island to collect flowers for a report she's doing. You get these special flowers by finding spirits--basically human logs with masks--straddling onto their backs, and plucking white flowers that pop up on their backs until you reach the red one that you need. A fun little mini-game that's somewhat challenging if you're going for the best rank. The other things you'll be doing to progress the story are exploring the village, talking to the inhabitants, and generally exploring for neat things to collect.But what makes this game so charming? The game's art style is truly breathtaking. It makes the game's main feature of exploring even more enjoyable when there's so many interesting things to see. I even enjoy scaring away birds and laughing at the rainbow turds they leave behind occasionally. Even talking to the local inhabitants is a joy. They have no qualms making fun of themselves and enjoy pointing it out to you. I found it very refreshing to actually WANT to talk to every NPC and find out what their story was. Not many games can pull something like that off.Other neat features the game has is the ability to chose how you want to upgrade yourself. You can choose to upgrade your speed, grip, or stealth however you wish to suit the playstyle you enjoy. You can also purchase upgrades in a wide range without much restriction. Personally I chose to get a map and key early rather than items to help me fight spirits since I just like exploring more. But if none of that is your thing, you can also just unlock different color swaps for Lili to make her look even more adorable. The choice is yours.However, this game does come with a few negative.*I found a game-breaking bug early on. I had collected all of the flowers on the map before hitting up the trainer, who wanted me to collect 5 FRESH flowers. And since none were left, I couldn't progress the game. (I've found out another work-around for this is just quiting and loading your save again. However, I still think it's an issue if you have to do such a strange thing just to continue the game, so I'll leave this as a negative.)*Because of the above, I also found out that there isn't multiple save slots. I had to delete my old game if I wanted to start fresh.*There isn't an voice acting besides the occasional ""Hi"" and what not. While it's not really a big deal for me, I'm sure some people might not like the fact a game with such interesting characters in it aren't voiced. It could've added a lot more to the experience if they found voice actors to bring more life into this already vivid and imaginative game.*While you can use a controller to play this game, it hides the fact that you can use it. And unfortunately, you can't even use the controller to play certain parts of the game. Sometimes you have to use the mouse to click off the screen when you collect a new relic. Or when you mount a spirit, you have to switch to the mouse real fast to play the mini-game.*Some people may take issue with the price of the game since it's cheaper on the iOS. However, you're not getting the same experience as you will here, and you can always wait for a sale. But still, I'll list this as a negative just so people know.But even with those few minor negatives--and I say minor because it was only the beginning of the game where I had to start over--I highly recommend anyone to pick up this game if they want a laid-back adventure with good humor. This game makes me feel like a little boy again. I was just curious about everything, and it's been a long time since any game has done this for me."
76561198035054806,Recommended,266490,13146195,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,sara_bear,"Ok I love this game. Sure all you do is pick flowers, kick open chests, talk to wierdos, smash vaces, and wrestle spirits; but it's really great fun. Good graphics. Easy smooth controls. It has an interesting mix of tiki and the island of misfit toys going on.Yes there is a lack of most voice acting and that is a loss but that's the only draw back.A good game for kids or any adult wanting a non violent fun time."
,Recommended,266490,12337437,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Meatbug,"A very cute little, casual game with nice graphics.Sometimes i still get surprised by games, Lili: Child of Goes was one of these rare occasions.Didn't knew much about the game, but upon starting it, i was dragged into it's nice, colourful and delightful atmosphere.You're going to play Lili (much surprise ^^), a girl, stranded on an island with strange creatures. You're going to explore the different locations of the island and try to free the creatures from the bad mayor.The locations are divided into semi-large hubs, which you can explore, find collectibles, hidden chests and solve smaller quests. The locations have a broad variety and do look very different and have their own charme.The graphics and artstyle are very beautiful in my opinion, which is a great strength of the game.The overall gameplay is rather simple and casual though. There is not much ""puzzle solving"" involved, you rather run around the island, explore the locations and stumble upon secrets without a bigger challenge.But even if the gameplay is quite simple, i had my fun with it and enjoyed playing it.The main storyline is rather short, i guess, though you do have some collectibles and achievements which might keep you busy for a while.I'd also recommend this game for a younger audience, as it's rather easy and casual and violent-free.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,266490,10067586,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Navi [Dying Spree],"At first I was a bit sceptical due to this originally being an iOS game. As ports go, many developers do not do a high quality end result. But I have been surprised as it has clearly been reworked with higher texture packs, a new UI and more content.There are 2 things that could do with some work. The mouse control feels laggy and takes some getting used to. The other thing is how often achievement popups occur. It feels far too frequent.Over all I am enjoying Lili. It reminds me of Legend of Zelda and Banjo Kazooie.Unsure if it is worth $20 but that is up to you to decide."
,Recommended,266490,13896727,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Trent,My toddlers loved watching me play which meant I got to give Mom a break by playing video games.  10/10.
,Not Recommended,266490,11382163,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,KissofLye,"This game inspires such mixed feelings in me.It's rather attractive and at times really humorous. There's a conscious, snarky kind of wit to it at times that I think is one of the major strengths in this game. It's very much aware of the type of game it is trying to be and I've always had a fondness for games that break the fourth wall so there's definitely no complaints from me about that. I love it. Give me more of it.Lili? I actually really liked her as a main character. One of the main reasons I kept playing was to see what kind of sarcastic, funny little thing would come out of her mouth. The rest of the characters as well (and there are a lot of them that you can talk to) were great fun and I loved going around and talking to all of them. This is definitely a game that made me want to explore.That being said...the actual premise of the game was pretty grating and got boring way too fast. Almost the entirety of the plot is made up of what is best described as a mini-game where you pick flowers off of villain characters. It's something that I can see working well on an iPhone game but as a computer game it is a little obnoxious. Even the side quests really amount to nothing more than open up a chest that is easily found and return the item in it to the person who mentioned it offhand.The in-game menu can use some work too. Your quests/side-quests are listed in the most basic manner without really giving you information about it. And honestly, it's just...clunky and awkward looking.You can tell a lot of love went into this game and I can see it easily becoming something wonderful but at the moment it's just in an awkward place between iPhone game and computer game and it suffers greatly for it. I got it on sale and I'm glad I did. I wasn't really spend near $20 on it in the state it is now."
76561198189155037,Recommended,266490,15302177,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Susan,"Relaxing, fun, whimsical and light-hearted game. For a non-violent game, it may seem to cater to children, but it's equally fun for people who are simply looking for a stress free game to pass their time with.Stunningly beautiful graphics. The quality can be adjusted to advocate for smoother gameplay on lower end computers. Even at the lowest setting, the game is still beautiful.Relaxing, whimsical music that's both suited to the game and theme, and easy listening. Lack of voice-acting is certainly not an issue here.A truly great gem. Definitely recommended!"
,Not Recommended,266490,15316982,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Pharap,"I thought long and hard about whether to give this game a thumbs up or thumbs down, and it was a very tough decision but in the end I just couldn't ignore the feeling of emptiness that I got from this game.TL;DR:Go on youtube and watch a video of this game actually being played before you buy it. If you still think you want it, go ahead, but don't say you weren't warned.The graphics are beautiful, the world is beautiful, the character and object designs are really nice, and there's even a hint of a decent plot in there. So where did it go wrong?When it comes down to it, this 'game' is pretty much a flower-picking simulator. You can have as many textures, shaders and polygons as you like but when your core gameplay consists of picking flowers off the backs of tree sprites, you have a problem. Had this been a 3D visual novel or a point and click I'd probably be able to give it a straight thumbs up, but I just cannot get over that fact that this game's core 'gameplay' element is flower picking. People compare this to Zelda, but it's nothing like Zelda, there's exploration but there's no real puzzle element to it, no tools or weapons - just free roaming, talking and flower picking.I get the impression that this 'game' was made by a 3D modeller to show off their work rather than someone who makes video games. This is one of the massive downsides of modern game making tools, anyone with next to no experience in making games can create a game, but because they don't have experience it falls very far from the 'masterpiece' they are dreaming of. It's like a paint brush, in the hand of an artist it creates masterpieces, in the hand of a child it makes a mess. This is almost the opposite of that - give a 3D artist the tools to make a game and they create a beautiful work in which not much happens. This game proves definitively that games should be and are much more than just good graphics.I can't bear too much of a grudge because I got it on sale for about £3, but I feel like this 'game' is something designed to sit down and gaze at lovingly rather than actually be played. Whoever did the art for this game is definately a true artist, even better than the artists for lots of popular, well selling titles. But whoever came up with the gameplay should either spend a long time evaluating what they think games are about or just not be allowed to manage gameplay at all.All in all it's pretty tragic really, because this game could have been a real masterpiece. Instead it just leaves me with a very empty feeling, somewhere between admiration and regret, like a beautiful rose being picked before it could bloom or a promising young life cut short thanks to a tragic accident."
,Recommended,266490,16571388,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Malison,"Lili: Child of Geos was originally a mobile game featuring cinematic graphics, a female protagonist, and light rpg elements. It was successfully ported to steam and is developed and published by BitMonster, inc.You play as Lili, a young protégé of her father (who is a professor), who is sent to a mysterious island thought to be abandoned long ago in order to collect rare flowers for a project. It turns out, the island isn't abandoned as she had thought. Throughout the island are tree spirits, who have taken over the ruins and installed themselves as the leading caste of the place. Beneath them are the wooden constructs they have built to live in servitude.You are... in a way, thrown into the wooden constructs rebellion, as their champion, undermining those dirty wooden spirits every chance you get by ripping the flower blooms right off their backs and creating mass hysteria among the elite of the island.Pros+ Graphics are very beautiful, and although childlike, are exceptionally polished. Being that it was originally a mobile game, it is not surprising that most of the funds went towards the graphics.+ While the world of Geos is relatively small, the game boasts a few areas, all of which are beautiful, and blend seemlessly together into the larger picture.+ The game has ""easter eggs"" in the form of collectable hats which pay homage to some of the most popular and iconic games in the video game industry.+ You get to vandalize things. Yup, you get to break into locked houses, break vases, steal flowers off other beings backs. And it's done in a way that makes the entire thing look innocent.+ The game allows for small character customizations in the forms of different styles of glasses and outfits.+ Most of the achievements are easy to beat. In my first play through of the game I had 83% of achievements unlocked.+ The game has no excessive language, which makes this game perfect for children, while still mantaining an enjoyable atmosphere for adults.+ The game is optimized for full gamepad/controller support, and is easier to play with said controller.Cons- The game can get pretty repetive very quickly, especially when aiming for the 1000 vases and flowers achievements. Be prepared to kick vases over and pick flowers for quite a long time.- Limited voice acting. When I mean limited, I mean limited; most of the time all you hear are random sounds the characters are making instead of actual words.- Little replayability other than to attempt to unlock 100% achievements. While there are different modes to the game, the story is so linear and there are no choice and consequence type of scenarios within the game.Final ThoughtsThis game is one of the best ported games that I have played on Steam. Most ports are make it or break it, and the transition to PC was done smoothly. The addition of the full controller support is nice, as it made it easier for me to enjoy. The graphics are stellar, and one can easilly tell that the developer spend most of the money on the 3d models.The storyline, although rather linear, is solid for the most part, and stands out as one of the few games with RPG elements that does not have a gorey combat system to it. Instead of actual fighting, you climb on the back of the tree spirits and pluck flower blooms while wrestling them to stay on them until all flowers are picked. The non violence of this game is refreshing.The faults I had with the game are not complete dealbreakers to me, and I can easilly recommend this game to those who enjoy light RPG games... HOWEVER... I strongly advise any interested in this game to get it on a sale."
,Recommended,266490,12691343,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,linuvian,"I bought this game almost entirely because it looked really cute from the screenshots. After playing through the first two areas (so far), I must say I am very pleasantly surprised! The art is very nice, as I expected, but the detail is far greater than I expected. Such a lovely atmosphere! The world they've created is one that I am thoroughly enjoying exploring. You can tell a lot of love went into this game just from looking around.But enough about the wonderful art. If I had to classify this game I'd say it's a point-and-click with some (very limited) RPG elements and quick time events.The game's story is... well, it's silly, but it's interesting enough. The humor is where it really shines. From conversations to item descriptions, this game has a lot of laughs packed in.Gameplay is a bit rough. I feel confident in saying that this game was made with touch screens in mind, so the controls are a little clunky and the ""battles"" can be tricky--after all, you only have one mouse instead of a handfull of fingers. Still, you'll get used to it pretty fast. I'm playing on the hardest difficulty and I can usually get 3 stars (the max number) on my first try, and I am by no means a hardcore gamer. I've only played the first two areas, though, as I said, so it will presumably get harder. Still, I'm sure this will be a turn-off to some, so I feel the need to mention it.No major glitches so far, just some camera twitchiness when you talk to people as it switches from ""world view"" to ""conversation view"", and once where I could read a sign through a wall.Music is adequate. Nothing to write home about, but works well with the atmosphere and isn't irritating.Sound effects are good, but the random dialogue bits (the game isn't fully voice acted, but sometimes people will say a few words of their text) are sometimes odd. Such as Lili saying ""Hello!"" when she's actually saying goodbye in her text... or just randomly in the middle of a conversation. What up with that, Lili?All in all, I am pleasantly surprised and really enjoying the game. Do recommend."
76561198042470569,Not Recommended,266490,10076642,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Sir Milot,"Lili: Child of Geos4/10First of all i have to say: If you buy the game, you probably won't get what you've expected. The game itself is a charming little piece of entertainement, but after reading the steam-description i just expected something completly different. I would not say that it's an RPG ( but some might call it one); To me, it just doesnt look like an RPG, more like a game that's made to have some points an RPG needs while beeing a mix of puzzle, minigames and collecting stuff. For example: You get something like a ""Skilltree"" but it doesn't really matter where you put your points, since you won't get any new abilities. As I said, the game is okay, its colorful, it cheers you up when playing it, but it is not what steam promises you.The game itself is, as i said, a mix between puzzling, running around, minigames and collecting stuff (a lot of stuff). If you're into that, you'll be just fine, but if you hate spending too much time running back and forth while collecting items that add absolutely nothing to the game, then you'd might regret buying this.The Graphics are pretty good, but I was told to have low standarts. The Characters are lovely designed and you can feel that the developers really cared about every single friend or foe you face throughout the game. However, the story is rather basic. I don't want to spoil anything, so just let me say this: The story feels like a weak version of another game (if you know what i mean.. you probably don't.) There's just not much depth in the story, you spend way too less time with the characters to really get into it. When I first saw the game i kind of expected a heavy story, so i was a little disappointed. But again, not every story has to be deep.The gameplay is very repetitive, but this does not matter that much because the game is rather short. Just let me tell you, the ""quests"" you get sound all the same, you have 3 items you can use and every ""battle"" is exactly like the one you fought before.Overall Lili; Child of Geos is a game to play when you don't want to start a biiiig, looong game with a deep story. Its a game you choose to play when you have little time but still want to enjoy a good game. I personally give it a thumbs down because it is a fine little game, but nothing like you'd expect after reading the description."
,Recommended,266490,13610515,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Snake,"It's a very casual, very charming, very pleasant 3rd person adventure through the most endearing, beautifully rendered world I've seen in a game. Featuring a cast of quirky, funny characters, the game is fun for all the family!"
,Recommended,266490,23741951,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ryoku,"Update, 4/6/2017The game is a bit short, as you'd expect. But I had a lot of fun with it. And I'm on my way to 100% the achievements. It's at best, a game that will take you 5-7 hours to complete, if you're going for everything.------I like this game.It has a nice charm to it. I'm not far into the game, but it's one of those casual RPG games where you go around collecting everything you see. On that part, it's not too overdone, and it actually makes the game even more peaceful for what it is. It's a light RPG. Best way I can put it, is - it's kind of Zelda-esque, just without any of the intense and fast paced combat.I'll be honest here, this is one of the best games I've scored on the Steam Sale so far, at just .99c, it's hard to argue that I can possibly put many hours into this, if I want a relaxing game to go to.The graphics are great, and there isn't much else to it. The controls are fairly simple, the game itself is not hard to pick up. It's a perfect game to de-stress."
,Not Recommended,266490,10113752,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,AaronAdler,"Beautiful game... But do not buy unless this is at least 70% off... Nooooooooot worth it otherwise. The trailer makes the game look like something it clearly is not. Starting life as an iOS game, it just does not carry any weight as a game. Aside from the graphics and writing (albeit stunning and witty respectively) there just isn't much to it. Unless you are a quite obsessive type and hunting mindlessly for things is right up your alley, it is not worth the asking price of $20... It is cute, funny and enjoyable, but just not 'for' the PC. (I wrote the review in a frankly cranky mood after accidentally dumping full price into this game and completing it in 2 hours...)Updated 5.19.14"
,Recommended,266490,18328539,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,JacquesLeSauve,"Oh, Lili, where have you been all my life? It's hard to argue with anyone that might label this as a port of a casual, mobile, kid's game; you'll play as a young woman on a field trip wandering around an island, picking flowers, making friends and not really being challenged all that much. But while all that may be true, to be so reductive is to a do a great disservice to an amazing hidden gem of a game.The most obvious strength of Lili: Child of Geos is its visuals, as there's a glowing radiance emitting from every individual pore of the world along with everything that populates it. But what's less obvious is the writing that backs it up. I feel like the dialogue in a lot of games is there merely to facilitate moving the player to the next objective or set piece, and I guess that's fair enough since actual game play is typically going to be the feature that gets top billing while the story is little more than connective tissue to form vague context for your actions. However, I think people sometimes forget gaming is an entertainment medium, and there's lots of other ways to entertain besides pure play, a fact this game thankfully does remember and arguably makes its greatest triumph.The story is a strange mix of being playfully throw-away and surprisingly thoughtful and philosophical. Lili travels to the island of Geos in search of its unique floral life as part of a final school exam, but once there finds it is inhabited by Spirits and their workforce of slave Constructs. These large, wooden homunculi must tolerate the bullying whims of their masters lest they cease to exist upon failure to serve their purpose. I probably make it sound much heavier than it really is, but it does at least dabble with notions of free will and life choices and prioritising the things that are really important to us, which are bigger issues than most titles will ever dare to approach. As it transpires, these Spirits have the most exotic flowers, which also gives them their power over the Constructs, setting the scene for several hours of roaming Geos searching for Constructs to help and Spirits to deflower.Geos is made up for four medium sized districts that are unlocked sequentially as you rid each one of its Spirits. The game and its world may not be huge, but that just allows them to focus on populating it with beauty as every inch of the environments are lovingly crafted with a wondrous level of detail. In many games you'll find yourself wandering into some stranger's house and find the entirety of their personal dwelling is made up of a table and a few chairs, or maybe a bunk bed and a fireplace if they're lucky, that sort of thing. I love how every single house in this game looks properly lived-in, with bedrooms, kitchens and even bathrooms, which really sells the illusion that this is a real world being inhabited by real people... or wooden slaves and freaky tree spirit things, in this case. I really wish more games would take the same effort to make the peripheries of the world just as interesting as its core like this one does.Unfortunately, when it comes to game play, that's where I'd probably have to admit the game is at its weakest. You'll spend the majority of your time here either picking flowers, smashing vases, looting chests, talking to people or ambushing Spirits, with the amount of time you spend on each of these things pretty much depending on the type of player you are and what you decide to make your goals for this game. There's no combat as such, and you can't die, the only real challenge being trying to jump on the backs of the game's 50 Spirits and playing rodeo with them as you pluck their flowers off. Otherwise it's all a very leisurely affair, the only other complication being upgrades to help make your plucking experience a little easier.So, yes, it's kinda short, it's arguably shallow in some areas, and it isn't massively challenging, but there really is so much warmth and charm and personality exuding from every part of this game that I feel like it more than makes up for any other shortcomings. Lili herself in particular is the very embodiment of this as she's an incredibly lovable foil to the rest of the cast and a perfect example of a well-balanced female lead that's entirely capable in her own right rather than lazy developers falling back on sexuality to sell a character. I think there's still great depths of enjoyment to be drawn from Geos, and especially from Lili herself, and I can't wait to join her again on her next adventure."
,Recommended,266490,10092162,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Shifty Slug,"Lili: Child of Geos. a gorgeous looking game that plays on the Island of Geos. An lushes island filled with friendly characters called Constructs. You play as Lili, a girl who traveled to the island to find rare flowers for her school project.During your stay you will find out that the friendly constructs are being oppressed by the spirits, and mostly the Mayor of the island who is also a spirit. It is you job to help these constructs out and collect flowers and other collectibles a long the way.Well i will leave it at there story wise, cause we would not want to spoil to much. While the game originally came out on the iOS, it does not feel like a mobile game. The graphics look amazing and you get really sucked in to the world of Geos. There are 4 parts of the island you can explorer, each with their own unique look and feel. You are free to explorer the island as you wish, and help the inhabitants of the island.Gameplay wise you have to collect flowers and find loot on the island. You go around explorer and kick open chests or break vases, while also grabbing every flower you can. For people that are really into collecting items, and exploring every nook and cranny of games, this would be a must have for you. Picking flowers can also be done by jumping on the back of spirits and plucking all their flowers of their heads, to find the rare red flowers. A fun little mini game to spice things up with a bit of action.The 4 hours i spend so far in this game have been awesome, and i really like the experience of it, by doing something different and bringing the story in a funny way across. The 4 hours i played also meant i finished the game, so it isn’t a long game, but well worth the money in my opinion."
,Recommended,266490,16899706,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,kmyc89,"What I expectedA children-friendly ""Tomb Raider""What I got+A 80% children-friendly ""Tomb Raider""+""Collecting Flowers""-SimulatorGame Content+Abeautiful Flora city-Islandto explore+A game for Hunters: Achievement-Hunters+Autosaves*Not 100% XBOX360-Controller Support (keyboard informations in Menu)SummaryA very Colorfull-fest for your eyes (not only because of the female protagonist)"
,Recommended,266490,20958128,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Poche,"This is a relaxing game. There aren't enough games like this.The graphics are great and do the game justice. The graphics are pleasant to look at and really help the game out. The locations in-game all look unique and are memorable. The lighting is great, and the characters fit very well with it.On the topic of the characters, they're all great. I recommend going out of your way to talk to as many NPCs as you can. The majority of them have great dialogue. The sense of humor in this game is great as well. It's always nice to see games have a decent sense of humor and not take itself seriously all the time. Most games take themselves seriously too often. Lili : Child of Geos has a unique feeling to it, because it doesn't take itself too seriously. The whole game is calming and it works just fine.The gameplay is basically walking around, talking to NPCs, and collecting flowers. It sounds boring and for plebs, but it's quite fun. Instead of killing the monsters, you just pluck the flowers off of them. Most of the monsters you do this too are jerks as well. You don't really feel bad for them. Inbetween plucking flowers off of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and walking around, you find items. There's plenty of items you can earn or find just by walking around and interacting with people and things. This game is great if you just want to soak time into something that's calming and peaceful. You can even just sit and look at the environment for ♥♥♥♥s sake.I'm giving Lili : Child of Geos a rating of 7.8/10."
,Not Recommended,266490,10092399,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,SetsunaFZero,"I keep this one short.+ great Gfx- story, no intro or CG at the beginning- no AA, needs to be forced via driver- bugy camera, gives you a Beta like feeling- gametime is to short, took me 4 hours to finish this game-- few BGM's, at some point the repeating BGM's get annoying--- achievement madness"
76561198136740178,Recommended,266490,32835341,Posted: 26 June,all,Selfiestick,Visuals.Visuals are everything.If you are here for mechanichs you are be bored.But it looks great tbh
,Recommended,266490,19969811,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ellinmara,"I love this game SO MUCH!The visuals are stunning to say the least, the battle system is very unusual, creative, and turned out to be quite a lot of fun (you literally ""deflower"" more-or-less-evil spirits, without actually killing them). Some dialogues and information sheets about the spirits are totally hilarious!And some constructs look sooooo adorable! I can definitely recommend this game for children! And adults, of course. ;)The overall game seems really sweet and wonderful so far.The story is not that special so far, but it is fitting and I am looking forward to seeing how this  turns out."
76561198043960246,Recommended,266490,12223460,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kasumi Tani,"A very fun casual game, though a little short.Lili’s gameplay is similar to RPGs at core: you explore the area for treasures, talk to NPCs and fight enemies. In Lili’s case, though, “fighting” is replaced with a minigame where you ride hectically running spirits and pull flowers from their backs (it makes sense in the context ^_^; ), which requires some precise clicking but not hard overall.In regard of game’s length, completing the game will likely take you some 5 - 7 hours, depending on how through you are with exploring everything and completing achievements.The Island of Geos is a small place, with only 4 areas to explore. However, what little of game world there is, is thoroughly detailed: every place is unique and each of 4 areas, despite being a part of the same island, has very distinct feel to it. It is complimented by beautiful graphics, which makes exploration of the game world truly enjoyable.If you are looking for a simple lovely game to relax with, there is a good chance that Lili is just what you need. However if you are looking for a more lengthy or challenging game, Lili probably isn’t for you."
76561198043491249,Recommended,266490,30484047,Posted: 12 March,all,Pudgygrunt,"Actually beautiful and spirited game. I really hope the group is taking more steps for another game, and particularly in an even more professional (though with the same spirit!) sort of feel to it. Though the indie scene has been spoiled by some bad sports in the recent years, these guys have managed to create THE ideal indie game. I had a great time with it, and am glad to support these folks."
76561198250240500,Recommended,266490,28857767,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,kanaan,"Get it for the graphics and relaxation - gameplay is just collecting stuff and walking around. If you want something more involved, look elsewhere.Update: The length of the game is just perfect. I found myself reching the end just as I was getting tired of it. The interactions with the characters are all funny and interesting. The story is not deep and the enemy just falls into the stereotype of a ""jerk"" that you're supposed to feel bad okay pulling flowers off of the backs off. As long as you're not expecting award-winning plot you can find something to like here."
,Not Recommended,266490,10068314,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,PixelTwitch,"Beware...I just dropped the full asking price for this game only to then find out its 1/8th of the price on IOS. However, that is not my biggest problem... The game is simply not what you are likely expecting from reading the store page and looking at the videos and screenshots. Like they mention in the store, I was expecting a Zelda like experiance and that is simply not what you have here...I feel the game is aimed towards 5 - 10 year old children and the mention of ""RPG"" while accurate by definition it is NOT what I think 95% of you guys out there class as ""RPG"".If you have children and you want to get them a simple game that you can play together then this would be perfect... However, if you are the ""typical 13-30"" year old bloke... There are likely games much cheaper that would give you more enjoyment. In short... Not the type of game the store page would leave you to believe. Would be great for young children, parents and people that enjoy their point and click/collection games."
,Recommended,266490,12099304,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,squaллe,"They made a game about a girl picking flowers great.No, seriously, it is really good. The graphics are gorgeous, the gameplay is simple, yet very absorbing. The only issue I have with this release - some of the achievements are bugged.Other than that - get it."
76561197970470391,Recommended,266490,16075360,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Nun With A Great Rack!,"Lili: Child of Geos is a third-person adventure game that screams: ""Potential.""It's Zelda-esq on the surface, but offers a far more peaceful experience.Not having to slash a sword or kill everything in sight is a welcome addition to video games.The game world is richly animated, making it feel alive.My only real gripe is that there are no puzzles to solve.Pro's+ A strong and cheerful protagonist.+ Vibrant colorful aesthetics.+ Energetic music.+ Interesting cast of characters.+ Item shop.+ No combat.+ Surprising story.+ Optimized. Never ran below 60 FPS.Con's- No puzzles.- Clunky Controls.- It's a phone game.It is well worth the 10 bucks they are asking for it.I hope the developers can make a sequel into a full fledged game.The sequel would offer:* A larger world to explore.* Mind boggling puzzles.* Continue the ""no combat"" progression.* Fully voice acted."
,Recommended,266490,25284955,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Silica,"PROS:- 2 different endings...- beautiful graphics- awesome soundtrack- many secrets- nice exploration game- a few quests- loveable characters- easy 100% achievementsCONS:- ...they're allmost the same- too easy spirit fights, even on hardest difficultyRESULT:I can highly recommend this game, if you like exploration games. There are some battles, but those are only a reaction test, nothing really special or challenging, even on the highest difficulty. The music, atmopshere and graphics are really outstanding and comes with a few of different settings for the player to explore. Every character in game is different and loveable. For achievement hunters it's also interresting, that all of the achievements are easy to get. Only a few achievements need some grinding. Another cool thing is, that there a two different endings, but those are only a bit various from each other. The storyline is nothing special, but the one or other suprise you might experience anyway. For me personal even the 10$ are not too high priced. After all I got 9 hours of gametime, so only 1 hour too less for best time/price performance. :) (\ô/)"
,Not Recommended,266490,15260276,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,caelumsixsmith,"AN EXCITING JOURNEY ABOUT... COLLECTING FLOWERS?The concept seems rather boring, but put some quirky characters, interesting world design and beautiful visuals on the mix and thus is bornLili: Child of Geos! A mixture ofYume NikkiandFEZon a 3D environment, Lili's journey to complete her degree in something quite close to botany is not only a banquet for the sight, but also an entertaining non-violent alternative to not-always-so-subtle gaming references and somewhat-intelligent humor. However, as most indie games that try to inovate, the title has remarkable flaws or raw concepts.The story is not impressive or captivating, but the funny and varied cast of characters sure compensate to what could be a dull, uninspiring experience with a cute message that didn't stick because the road to it was so ""meh"". Although the game has no voice overs (despite a few heys, yep and ""SOUP, SOUP SOUP!""), the dialogues flow smoothly, soon making you feel like you know the pers... no... construct you're talking to.Gameplay-wise, there's not much on store. First, there is no such thing as full controller support (if you want to play with a controller, that is) as the store page implies. This is actually apartial controller supportwhere you'll get to use the analog sticks to move the mouse cursor on menus and get XBox controller inputs only during the ""fights"", making you get used to how 1, 2 and 3 translate on an XBox controller or simply use the keyboard when those item slots are necessary. After the early struggle, you'll soon find that the only interesting thing about the game is its ""unique"" way to deal with enemies -- which is actually a far more simplistic and fast pacedShadow of the Colossus, but with smaller enemies. Simply put, you jump on their backs and try to cope with a swarm of commands indicating where you can pull flowers, thorns or bombs, carefully not to dry the ""grip"" matter as that will make you fall off the enemy. With a decent score you get to collect that enemy's unique mask and learn about it. Other than that, running (walking is exclusive to houses), collecting flowers and the few RPG elements are clunky and raw. There was a lot of room for improvement, but clearly the developers wanted to seel a gorgeous game with that one fresh feature that you won't even get to play that much.Speaking of features, content is another thingLili: Child of Geoslacks. There are no puzzles at all, unless the game giving you the answer to stepping on buttons is considered a puzzle now days. For an exploration game with no actual combat, puzzles could make the experience far more enjoyable! The world layout is entertaining, but soon falls flat as the areas are pretty much narrowed corridors without much places to go. No no dear, you cannot jump or swim to anywhere you want to explore -- not that there are many places you think you could jump to anyways. You won't have to work much to get the god-mode items (e.g. the skeleton key and the treasure map), either, so instead of having the slightest hint of challenge on a casual exploration game (because even though it's casual, doesn't mean it can't be challenging), you can just keep running, collecting flowers, kicking vases and collecting flowers from the back of spirits. As for the outfits and hats, considering how short the game is and how useless they are (only there for cosmetics and eventually some lore relevance), there could be a larger variety -- like letting us use the Mario collectable hat as an actual hat instead of hinting on a reference-NPC that doesn't even exist.Pros:Gorgeous graphicsRuns smoothly at highest settings on a medium rigInteresting designsQuirky, funny charactersNice musicSome subtle and funny references to the gaming worldAn exploration game with few RPG elements and a weak focus on flower collectingCons:Partial controller support instead of fullGameplay feels clunky at timesNo puzzlesThe only inovative mechanic is uninteresting and might become a burden if you're not a fast catcherThere could be more hatsThere could be more petsFlowers could be more relevantThere could be more items and shopsSome game references feel stupid (if I can call the Portal 2 thing a reference)Extremely linear considering what an open world can offerExtremely short considering the potential it had (you can clear the game and most of the achievments on a single day, maybe two if you decide to take on the 1000 vases and flowers)All in all,Lili: Child of Geosis a funny one-time experience with a lot of wasted potential. Gorgeous graphics and funny characters, but poor controller support (considering the developers promised full support), lack of content and short playthrough. Doesn't justify the full price, but worth checking out at a nice discount."
,Not Recommended,266490,11042221,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Samor,"This game is a port from the iOS game with the same name sans subtitle. It's not a shoddy port though; on the contrary, the graphics got a gigantic overhaul and it's very pretty to look at.However, it is way too easy and very light on content. You are picking flowers, open chests for items (which have no value whatsoever aside from just collecting them) or kick pots for money (flowers can also be traded for money). Even the ""combat"" is a flower picking game. The money can be used for items that aid you in the game but it's so easy that it hardly matters at all. Quests are about going from A to B and back or finding something. That's about it. Even if you take your time in 4 to 6 hours you'll have found and seen about everything there is (that includes all side missions).My other gripe is with the story / dialogue, which is inconsistent. Some of it is complete nonsense, and/or seems to not fit at all. Other parts hint at much more going on than what's actually happening, but there's no plot twist or real surprise. It also swaps back and forth between whimsical and serious far too often."
,Recommended,266490,10071812,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Vorrtexx,"Having sailed to the island of Geos for a school project, you are tasked with gathering up rare flowers to report back to your professor.However something is not quite right on the island and you soon discover that the constructs (creatures created from wood) are slaves to their masters; the spirits and their Mayor.You decide to unshackle the local natives from their forced labour by doing them favours in exchange for flowers and other rare items. The island is full of life, its characters witty and charming where I couldn't help but laugh at some of the dialogue that was exchanged.Where its similarities between Zelda lie are based around the Islands and town hubs which you would find in a Zelda game.Imagine taking those areas from Wind Waker and putting them on this island. The exchange of dialogue is something you would find straight out of a Zelda game. Don't expect voiced characters but instead small sound bites like ""Hi"", ""Bye"" and other gasps throughout the dialogue.Don't expect to be crawling dungeons and having a boss fight. This is not where its comparison with Zelda lies.There are lots of Easter eggs to discover throughout the Island in treasure chests that reference some classic Nintendo games. Another character will throw some Video game trivia at you, asking you to guess what game it is referencing. ""Praise the Sun"".Hats can be found in treasure chests and by doing services for the locals. Masks can be unlocked by beating Spirits.As a collectathon it has similarities to Banjo-Kazooie. Achievements are awarded for smashing pots, finding treasure and picking flowers.Fighting in the game is composed of hopping on the back of a Spirit and attempting to pluck flowers from its back while they put obstacles in your way such as thorns and bombs.There is currently only partial controller support, with the mouse really only needed for the Spirit fights and closing menus. I'm sure adding a button binding for B to close menus will soon come in an update. I am unsure how Battling the spirits with a controller will work though. Its interaction seems more suited to a mouse or tablet, although the developers have said in the forum they are working on full controller support.Overall I would highly recommend the game if you grew up playing Nintendo games like Zelda, Banjo or Mario.While there is no platforming involved, a mixture of all these games can be found in Lili: Child of Geos.The graphics are just downright gorgeous and full of colour. The music sounds like something that belongs in a Zelda game. It's a casual adventure game with some very basic RPG elements that involve levelling up your Speed, Grip and Stealth.I haven't played a game like this since the N64."
,Recommended,266490,26033055,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Rednah,"Stunning everything from the cute short story, down to the graphics. Very good game to play and just relax!"
,Recommended,266490,25886009,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ronon Dex,"Man, what an utterly delightful and enjoyable little game!I picked this up during a summer sale as more of an afterthought, but when I started playing it, I was pleasantly surprised at what this game has to offer. Expect to explore every corner of a vibrant island village, complete quests, meet odd but charismatic characters and find collectibles. With the help of pretty graphics and lovely music, the above made for a very pleasant experience. Even 100%-ing the Steam Achievements was fun.One thing I noticed about this game is that although this game may seem like a sugar-coated, child-friendly game (which it is), there is enough grown-up humour and pop-culture references hidden throughout the game to maintain appeal to a grown♥♥♥♥♥man such as myself.So whether you are looking for a birthday gift for your 10-year-old niece, or you just need a peaceful break from violently carving up a million orks in Mordor, this game is suitable for either option. Give it a try! It's hard to be disappointed."
,Recommended,266490,16861470,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,okr,"Pick flowers from their heads to beat enemies. Ha, nice idea.Short and simple, but sweet and family friendly (but not childish) action-adventure with colorful, lovingly art design and nice The Legend of Zelda references - I mean, just look at the game profile pic on the shop page. The zeldalike music in the first of the 4 short areas made me smile all the time. Still enough own ideas, e.g. you don't have weapons in this game, see first line.Visually improved port of a good looking mobile game (Unreal Engine 3) - see Community Hub for pretty impressive comparison shots.First playthrough will take you about 5 hours, but I stayed longer on the island as I use to take my time if I like a game.44 of 46 achievements can be unlocked during the first playthrough (and only 2 of them are collectibles achievements and need some extra time), the last 2 achievements need a 2nd and 3rd start - not playthrough - of the game and can be unlocked within ~25 min each."
,Recommended,266490,30271102,Posted: 1 March,all,bugsy,So fun! So cute! I love picking flowers and talking to funny lookin characters!!
76561198056978538,Recommended,266490,11102794,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ChickieTeeta,"2nd editI played this through again for a couple of the achievements. I enjoyed it much more the 2nd time, even though I thought it would be a chore to play through again. The characters were still amusing, the art and model work were still beautiful, even the 'fights' were more enjoyable than they were on the first playthrough. I have no idea why this would be, perhaps it's because I knew what not to expect from it 2nd time round. (I didn't really want to make my review any longer, but since my first impressions kind of sat on the fence, I thought it only fair to update it.)*edited as I feel my 'not so good  things' list was worded a bit more harshly than intended, also added to the good things list*Good Things:+It's beautiful, no doubt about that.+The character models are really well done.+You can collect stuff. (Hats and pets and masks are usable.) (Lore items are useless they just go in to a collection page, but the descriptions can be fun to read.)+Some of the dialogue is very humorous, and I have genuinely laughed out loud a few times, which I think is quite rare in most games. The humor feels very natural and not at all forced.+some of the quests are well thought out and very enjoyable to do.+most of the characters are quite memorable. I quite like the information fish.+Haven't come across any bugs at all, it's as well polished as it looks. (UPDATE: achievement bugged for the locked doors)+ Rematched 'fights' will spawn the opponent in the zone you're currently in.Not so good things:-My number one in this list has to be the motion sickness.There's currently 2 choices of camera movement ...fps style is bad if you suffer from motion sickness.mmo style is better but the camera still swings enough and there's a motion blur to the sides when you turn that may make you feel ill if you have this problem. Sometimes Lili runs into things you weren't expecting and the camera can stop in a nausea and dizziness inducing way, so if you're one of those people affected by this I'd keep in mind that thismaybe a problem for you before buying it. For me this is ok to play in short bursts.-you can buy 'new' outfits, but they're not new, they're just recolors of the original one, which given the attention to detail in the landscape and models made this a bit disappointing when I first came across the shop, although I do find it hard to imagine Lili wearing anything else.Perhaps if there was another area of body customization like accessories (bangles, necklaces, leggings, face paint, belts, hair accessories etc) even the same outfit but a patterned shirt, logo on the shirt, butterfly on the shorts....anything, instead of just being recolored, and ideally, for me, these items would drop with a fairly low drop rate (instead of being bought) to make vase kicking and the associated achievement more fun.There wouldn't be that much work involved in altering the mesh to turn the shorts in to a mini dress either, which I think would quite suit Lili. (edit: I see at the very end you unlock an outfit that is exactly this, which is a shame since it probably means we'll never see this mesh recolored or retextured since it's a ""special"" item.)I'm a fan of loot and stuff to equip, what can I say :P-""Fights"" are unique, but I don't enjoy them as much as I enjoy the quests, and since my play-time is limited due to the motion sickness, I've taken to ignoring them at this point (which isn't as game breaking as it sounds) and just doing the quests instead. I'll get them done eventually just for the achievements and the masks they drop (which are wearable) if you beat them with 3 stars.I'd love to have the lore items be usuable as some kind of limited use tool in fights which would also make the collecting of those items and the fights themselves more entertaining.ConclusionI think the developers are still adding things to the game, so I'm going to go with recommend as there's still a chance of new things being added, and hopefully a 3rd camera option that's motion sickness friendly =DFor me, to be worth it's full asking price, it really needs more usable items and, given the lack of a real talent tree, some more variation in ways you can play to win the fights, like I said previously, I'd use the lore items to achieve this, giving them a purpose in the process."
,Recommended,266490,14224651,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,♈ Amethyst,"About the game.The graphics are cartoony and totally my taste. The story itself is worth playing and has funny parts (So don't skip conversations).This game would be better if it wasn't that easy to get coins. Bought Master Key which opens EVERY door in the game for a silly cheap price and all the key exploring fun was gone.It isn't worth playing it a secound time. But that one time playing was totally fun.Currently I'm having 3.8 hrs on this game. Probably going for the Achievements now.Cons-Short Story-Many blocked areas-Too easy for players that want a challenge-After completing, not very interesting things to discover.Pros-Good and Fun Story-Beautiful Graphics-Easy controles"
,Recommended,266490,12255135,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Scapegoat,"I wanted a pretty game where I could walk around in a three dimensional green shrubbed space, in that regard I was given more than I asked for with such a cute protagonist smiling and aww'ing at the local people's varying situations. It was short, I liked that, it also had a lot of flower picking which was another bonus."
,Recommended,266490,12036063,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Pip Boy Roy,Bird♥♥♥♥♥♥on me.Final Score 10/10
,Recommended,266490,10084077,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Recommended with several ""buts"".FIrst of all this isn't a Zelda-type ARPG like you might think (I'm the first being guilty to buy everything for PC labeled Zelda-like) by looking around the reviews as all battles actually take place in a wonky mini-game meant for touch-screens. It has the feel of Zanzarah without the fairy battles.It's casual play, short and riddled with some bugs especially the achievements. You only have a single save-slot. At 20 bucks it's overpriced, should be 10 butr devs need to feed their kids and all that.You do run around, talk to strange people, do them quests, smash pots for items, pick flowers and get equipment still I'd file this as an action-adventure. At the core it's a collectathon.It is a pretty game though with a cute protagonist and an addictive gameplay so yes recommended. It's also safe for kids. Just don't go in having high expectations and get it when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,266490,21263862,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Raggamuffin,Five Word Review: Cute but it's lacking substance.Favorite Thing: Walking into the creepy camera guy's hut and seeing all those pictures.+ Cutsie graphics and main character.- Had potential but in need of some serious filling out.- Lots of repetitive tasks.- Lots of broken achievements.Playtime: ~ 3hEnjoyment: 6/10
76561198085533113,Recommended,266490,23883855,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,UndeadEmoPrincess,"I love this game. You get three stats to work with (and can max two of them or try to level them all out) to help bring freedom to the constructs (Lili's friends that were made to be servants). Overthrowing the spirits to help the constructs live the lives they want isn't like like taking on any Dark Souls boss, so it's prefect for people who don't like combat. Lili goes around and collects flowers for an assginment, but the flowers serve more of a purpose than that. Definitely a causal game, it's fun to go around and collect the various items layed out, and the characters in game feel like family after a while (except for most of the spirits, they really are sassy jerks). 10/10"
,Recommended,266490,16571881,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,hewhoeatspie,"I wouldn't say this game is ""like Zelda"", I'd say it ""*feels* like Zelda"". It has a really cool world with different races of creatures, you help them out in sidequests, etc. But beyond that, there's no action, or even any real enemies. And having 3 skills that just do the thing a little better (Speed = faster walking) does not an RPG make. At least IMO.After I stopped trying to compare this game to what I thought it was going to be, I really enjoyed it. You have to accept that most of this game is running. Go back and watch the trailers and see what happens: running & talking to NPCs. Which is indeed what you do but it's fun because of exactly those things. The world is really amazing; it looks beautiful and unique. The dialog with the NPCs has great humor and various video game (and other media) references and the music is just plain amazing, mostly because it sounded inspired by the music of Zelda games. I found myself reading the text of everything in the game (Treasures, baddies, etc) because they were often very funny and often had great references to video games and things of other media. And Lili is a pretty awesome protagonist.I feel like this game gets a lot of flack because it's not what people expected, which is true. The way it is marketed is rather misleading so as a result, a lot of people buy it who would not have if they had seen footage of it represented properly, which means they won't enjoy it. No, it's not going to appeal to everyone, but I would argue that there is a large number of people who would find it very enjoyable. It's a very original, simple adventure game with video game references, amazing atmosphere, and great writing. And it's got hats. How can you go wrong with hats?[And I would like to point out that -by the credits- this game was made by 5 people, which makes me respect it all the more. I hope to see more Lili in the future, maybe on a grander scale.]"
,Recommended,266490,24098432,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bullet hell,3 hours of gameplay>saw a lot of flowers>Jumped on the back of a lot of spirits>Too much references>8/10 i loved playing this game
,Recommended,266490,11175107,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Kchark,"Lili: Child of Geos is a gorgeous game with a great sense of humor. It's a game that's actually relaxing to play, and is worth checking out just to experience the detailed, colorful world that the developers have created here."
,Recommended,266490,13637043,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Peripheral Something Something,I'm a man and I'm picking flowers. Best game ever.
,Not Recommended,266490,12065390,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Sanwich,this game sucks♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,266490,14930663,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,talgaby,"Short version: 83%A beautiful and violence-free exploration game, which may have carried some of the repetitive tasks too far, but the unique setting, characters, and the seldom-seen game mechanics really make up for it.Long version:Lili: Child of Geos is hard to categorise. It’s not an RPG, adventure game or a walking simulator… It’s more of an exploration game with heavy emphasis on item collecting (hence why people call it a flower picking simulator). With some adventure elements in the mix, including “fights”, which are actually simple minigames.Don’t let the simple gameplay fool you though. Lili is an engaging game about exploring the world of friendly wood constructs and helping them out with their requests. (This usually involves gathering some items or “fighting” an enemy.) It’s not a community simulator like the Animal Crossing series, but has some similarities, including the same non-violent, relaxing charm.Technically it was ported from iOS, but the only thing that may give it away is the very simple control scheme; the developer practically remade the whole game for PC, which includes astonishing, yet not intrusive visuals– all presented by the Unreal 3 engine– and brand new game elements. It is a version made with love (which sadly doesn’t extend to provide support for technical issues), and if you start playing it, you will feel that love too."
,Recommended,266490,28826433,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ｃold • Ｒain,Seeing this game at first Glance I thought the base price would've at least been $30.What A Hidden Gem <3
76561198034394371,Recommended,266490,10066866,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Hacked Heaven,"Very Fun easy to learn i love grabbing the flowers of spirits, Lili is a student that is colorfull and fun lots of custom looks for your charachter lots of hats to wear, the zelda hat is a favorite."
,Recommended,266490,28281793,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Sloth Daddy,"This game is pretty great.-good art style-game ""combat?"" mechanic i've never seen before-runs well-cheap-lots of polish-even after you beat the main quests, tons of side quests and exploration and achievements and such"
,Recommended,266490,12096570,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,El3ctrikah,I loved this game for its simplicty and just having very casual gameplay. Very nicely crafted and polished.Also if you have ever enjoyed ANY The Legand of Zelda games you will love this game too!
,Recommended,266490,11644167,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Alaina-Pearl,"I started out unsure about this game but as I went on I loved it. The story is cute and the humor is great. It's not for little kids however I think it's great for many ages (coming from a college student)  The game is that it is a little short, under 5 hours. Also the controls sometimes freaked out if you walked into somthing at a certain angle, and the steam acheviemnts aren't always responsive (mostly the ones for using items). To be fair though I didn't complete all the sides quests, but I also spent a lot of time running around getting flowers to save up for items. Although I can clearly see there is much more stuff I can get. I really hope they make a second game (looks like they were kind of hinting at it) The art, the money system, the mini map, and character development were all amazing. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,266490,15390199,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Uriyeah55,"Well, time to give it my own review!Sincerely I’m not sure about how to start. Lili: Child of Geos is simple. Wonderfully beatiful but simple. It’s a short adventure that only enters by the eyes. I think the best way to structure this review is with the classical order: Graphics, Gameplay, etcccccccccc.GraphicsAlready clear, right? They are astonishing. If you can play the game at it’s fullest you will enjoy more than I can express. I remember taking an insane amount of screenshots because I just loved everything so hard. The environtments are very well done too, I could feel like I wouldn’t mind to live when the game happens (yep, I know that sounds cringy but come on).PlotDoesn’t shine much. You’re the teacher’s daughter going into a mysterious island to gather rare flowers. You find weirdos that can talk and are cursed and you don’t even ask why. It’s like the game itself is rolling and saying come on just play you don’t need a history behind everything, right?GameplayIt isn’t bad, but repetitive. Run, gather flower, run, kick jar, “fight” enemy. Repeat x999. There are no real combats in the game so it’s perfect for a child (and for 20+ years old weirdos like myself huehue). Lili: Child of Geos forces you to grind a lot. To defeat a lot of enemies is the main task of the game, because rarely you find puzzles that need some kind of “research” to success (more like talking to the NPC that helps you every single time).If going straight to the point, the game is extremely short. And that’s the main reason because I don’t recommend buying it at full price.LacksWell, it depends of the target of the game. The main character, Lili, only can say things like “Hi” or “Oh” and has only a few animations. As the game is an indie itself I won’t blame that, because I’m sure the company spend most of the time in developing the wonderful environtment.AchievementsI’m a sick lover of achievements, and although I got them all in this one. I’m gonna blame that. Most of them are grinding at it’s finest: scare 500 birds, break 1000 jars, etc. Just an excuse to play some time more, and that’s a very negative point. But whatever, they had to supply the lack of content.OverallAmazing environment and atmosphere. Perfect for kids with the non-violence and there’s no hurry to finish the game. Also has a lot of references to other games and if the player is not a kid will get most of them. Consider to buy when at sale."
76561197960773314,Recommended,266490,15458504,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,itsMike,"Great Graphics, story line was quite enjoyable and the little bits of humor hidden in there were also great.Shame there was a lack of voice actors for the spirits and the constructs and most importantly Lili."
,Recommended,266490,15354405,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,☭ａｎｉｍｅ☭,"Not my usual kind of game, I guess, but it was strangely fun! It looks great and is quite cute and humorous.Surprisingly good for something that largely involves picking flowers, smashing pots and wrangling wood spirits!"
,Recommended,266490,14555121,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Malibu Al,"Very fun and short game. For the price, it is highly reccomended."
,Recommended,266490,14920988,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Jeromius,Euphoria achieved.
76561198002332031,Recommended,266490,26392461,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Billy the Kid [DG],"had it siting in my Library for almost a year until I decided to play it. Finished it in one sitting. It was actually quite fun and I recomend it. Probably perfect for older kids around the age of 12 but also very fun if you like some relaxing game to enjoy.Would i play it again? Propably not. But i had fun playing it, and there is a lot of games out there that take the fun out of gaming."
,Recommended,266490,15446616,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Orix,"I really don't know what to think of Lili: Child of Geos. The game started as an iOS game, to developer BitMonster's credit, the PC release has end of improvements, to the graphics and gameplay. However, you still get the inkling its not that far removed from its iOS origins.ProsFunny, beutiful, and unique coming of age story that is generally fun.Lots of collectibles with plenty of pop-culture nods and winksConsCombat gets tedious quickly, achievements are very grindy.Bit too easy, a bit too simple.OverallConsidering the time it takes to play through, I'm not sure its worth the price (£15). It may sound a wee bit elitist but Lili: Child of Geos is just the type of ""casual"" game you'd expect from something designed for iOS. Last word, it's fun enough if you want something pretty, amusing and simple to chill with.For a full review, visit my blog  on theNoisyBark Website."
76561198277853465,Recommended,266490,30680507,Posted: 22 March,all,LostShadow915,"A short but charming adventure. Features some really unusual gameplay ideas. And Lili is just cute. Definitely worth your time. If it's on sale grab it immediately, but it's worth your money even if it isn't on sale."
,Recommended,266490,12035541,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,joho6,OMG Lili is so kewt! 10/10 waifu.
76561198099238460,Recommended,266490,22854528,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,LeLeDrop9,"Both game and soundtrack were very beautiful. The story was very short and unfortunetly beat the game in one sitting, but sometimes the shortest games are the best. I highly recommend this game if you're looking for a fun run around, collecting, mini game story filled adventure with cute characters."
,Recommended,266490,12041251,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Ƥαƿ∂§ღµ☈ƒ,"This game is absolutelystunningwith it's visual art.  The story is a bit lacklustre but easy to follow and quick to finish.  I often found myself wandering around aimlessly just looking at all there was to see, as I previously said the visual art is without compare."
,Recommended,266490,13129733,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Practical Problems,"It's nice and relaxing game.You can complete some questions, help others, get hats/pets, improves skill.You can see in there beautiful toilet."
,Recommended,266490,13074486,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Vikeyev,"proof that not all video games have to be Violent.lili is an extrodinary and enjoyable game.Maybe a little simple here and there and quite short. but the style and adorable story is just wonderful to play.20euro for it is rather hard to justify for its short lenght, therefore i suggest buying this during a sale.mind you, that some of the achievements are kind of broken (as in they dont work properly)"
,Not Recommended,266490,13245436,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Lintire,"Lili: Child of Geos is a game with massive potential that would've been excellent if it were actually made for the PC, and worst of all it's not even the developer's fault.Seeing this game in the Steam Store, the first thoughts to come to mind were ""This looks fantastic"" and ""Why haven't I heard of this before""? Unfortunately the answer was evident in about 10 minutes. This is a mobile port - a fantastic looking one that trumps most indie games made for the PC proper in terms of looks, but a mobile port nonetheless and that permeates the game to its core.This game is obviously a labour of love and it shows. But that it's also a mobile game utterly annihilates all of its positives - there's a ""but"" for each and every one.•Every inch of the world looks fantastic, but you can't interact with it beyond walking around it.•All of the levels are utterly distinct, but there's only four of them and they take 20 minutes to beat.•The characters are well written and distinctly funny, but you never get more than half a dozen lines out of even the most prominent ones.•There's sidequests and optional content, but they're all threadbare.•Design is solid all around, but assets are reused to a comical degree - I had trouble telling NPCs apart.Threadbare describes the game as a whole. Combat altering inventory items? Great idea. There's three of them and they're thrown at you, though. Stat increase system? Great idea. Shallow as a puddle, though. Climactic mid-sequence about abandoning previous life choices? Great idea. It consists of three and a half lines of dialogue either way and falls completely flat though.Worst case is the combat (or ""combat"", but there's enough high-octane explosives involved that I think you can safely ignore the whole nonviolent billing) - you perform the same unchanging minigame twenty or so times and then the game is over. Fifty-five if you're aiming for completionist.For a mobile game these are all more than excusable. Hell, I've no doubt that had I played this on a mobile device it would rank up there with the best; Dead Space iOS and Infinity Blade. But I didn't, and for a PC game, to put it lightly, it kicks it straight in the balls. Right in there. And it isn't the developers' fault. But that's just how it is.At it's best Lili: Child of Geos is an exercise in frustration at lost potential the likes of which I haven't felt since Crash Twinsanity.Even though I wouldn't actually recommend this to anyone, maybe just buy it anyway. Support the developers. I want to see another game from them. Built from the ground up for PC this time.Also, gamepad support is kind of lacking and the video game references get a little shoehorned at times."
76561198251709576,Recommended,266490,33849622,Posted: 27 July,all,Vic,"Sweet game with an interesting non-violent 'combat' system , cute characters , pretty scenery , and lovely story. I would highly reccomend this game to someone who wants to play something cute and relaxing."
76561197967840936,Recommended,266490,12442098,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Cym,good game to play with the kids.  not a lot of those on steam right now.
,Recommended,266490,23914740,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,» Poiichy ♡,"definitely one of my favourite games of all timei love the feeling i get when i'm playing the game .. i can't really describe it but i feel warm & protected ;; ♥my laptop has some problems when i play on ultra settings, but i'm doing it anyways because it just looks so amazing I'D(it still looks really good on low or medium, don't worry ! )i 100% recommend it to anyone who wants a short-ish, good looking, light hearted & fun adventure ♥"
76561197989963376,Recommended,266490,10076702,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,TICKING TIME BOMB,"Lili is one of the most beautiful, addictive adventure games I have played in a while. The gameplay loop has an amazing difficulty curve that always keeps you challenged and the art direction and visual fidelity is a wonder to look at.I highly recommend Lili for anyone who is looking to get lost in a new (and often hilarious) world and never want to come back."
,Recommended,266490,10140790,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,5¢BAZOOKA,"So far it's a really fun child friendly game that doesn't get boring. There is no tedious grinding to do, just action and adventure. This game allways has something new and intresting around every corner. The level design is pretty good and the game looks nice. the only issue I have is that there is no advanced settings/graphics option. just low, mediun, high, and ultra. It also has allot of refrences to other games, which gives it a nice kind of humor to it. Over all it's a fun exciting collectathon adventure/exploration game that doesn't get boring."
,Recommended,266490,10074063,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Potato Explorer,"Short but sweet, if I had to summarize in one sentence. A game I think people of all ages could enjoy depending on what they're looking for. For younger kids you have a virtually non-violent, beautiful and funny place to explore. Older audiences might find entertainment in the occasionally dark humor and the game's weird inhabitants.Gameplay-wiseLili: Child of Geosis a very short game. I'd estimate around three hours of casual play. If you're going for collectibles and a perfect ranking against all enemies you may add two or three extra hours of game time. It's not a very challenging game either if you play on easy or medium. During the game you will attempt to ""de-flower"" spirits walking about the game world. You do this by playing a sort of minigame where you drag and drop flowers and other items off a spirit's head. You can tell this game mechanic was designed for the use of a touchscreen, which isn't too strange as this is a PC remake of a mobile game, but the developers made it work fairly well with a mouse. Depending on your skill, you'll master this part of the game quickly. It does get progressively harder as the game goes on, but it never reaches a level that will really challenge you and have you retry beating a spirit more than a couple of times. I have yet to play the hardest difficulty setting though. There are three settings, of which I played the middle one.Controls are a bit wonky. Camera control takes a bit getting used to. Mouse sensitivity have only four presets which is the part I found the most annoying about the game. Some weird collisions here and there. Otherwise well made.Would I recommend it? Yes, but try to find a bit of gameplay to watch before you decide whether or not to purchaseLili: Child of Geos. It's a game best enjoyed if you go at it with a relaxed attitude. If you're up for exploration and fun in short bursts. It would be easier to recommend this game if it had been cheaper. I don't really think the price suits the length or content of the game. But all in all I'm having fun with it."
76561198007931679,Recommended,266490,12834825,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Vyse,Deflowered a bunch of spirits.10/10
,Recommended,266490,11242122,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,anthony,"I was very pleasantly surprised by this game. Rarely have I ever enjoyed a game as much as Lili: Child of Geos. I actually found myself laughing out loud. It has a great sense of humor and includes some surprising game references, a little bit of dark humor, and even some social commentary. It is also self aware and of course makes fun of itself. However it does have character development, albeit a little thin but no less profound, as Lili discovers what she truly wants from life. Better yet, it features some amazing hats and customization. Another surprise came after the game was over when I was waiting for the credits and only five names were listed. The small team makes one appreciate the game even more, and it is clear that it contributed to the intimate feel of the game and the coding humor *tips fedora*. Five out of five; would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,266490,12076200,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,sex✞bishop,"I'm a 30 year old man and I still enjoyed this game. It's quite relaxing, visually excellent and you can find a few amusing innuendos for adults that children won't notice :) The core of the gameplay is exploration and QTE-style ""fights"" (quite easy to pull off using a X360 gamepad). You can' die or lose in any permanent way.Minding the fact that I got it during -80% sale = double win.7.5/10"
,Recommended,266490,12104475,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Ch3xy,"I got this game yesterday and so far I have been enjoying it. Not only is the game enjoyable, it looks amazing too!"
,Recommended,266490,13740753,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"Lili is a decent a reasonably creative collectathon that I can't imagine getting more than 6 hours out of. It's worth picking up on sale, but not for the full price of $20.Pros:- Looks great, especially considering it started on mobile. A lot of that probably comes down to the fact that most levels are cleverly designed to avoid needing to draw more than 20 feet in any direction, but the game does run on Unreal.- Usually clever writing. Not perfect by any means, but it's generally entertaining.- Strong world design. The descriptions comparison to Tim Schafer's work is pretty accurate in the world and character design.- The main mini-game is fun. It involves trying to pick flowers off the head of a spirit as it runs around and sprouts bombs and thorns to make you miss. It's reasonably challenging to win the later rounds with a perfect rating, but you're going to breeze through it if just passing is enough for you. Mileage will vary heavily here.- Lots of hats. Every spirit (52) and most quests (something like 12?) will give you a hat. There are also at least two pets to find, but the costume changes are limited to palette swaps, unfortunately.Cons:- Very limited graphics options. You get a few presets with no descriptions of what any of them actually do. I don't think many people are going to have trouble running the game, but Highest turns on an incredible level of depth of field. I'd have liked to be able to turn that off.- Short. I finished it in 3 hours. That was enough to defeat all 52 spirits (most with 3/3 stars), complete nearly all of the quests, and find around 60-70% of the collectibles.- Controls are a bit wonky. Particularly the camera.Notes:- Achievement hunters beware! Lili has a ton of achievements and *most* are near enough to completable in a sane person's playthrough. Then there's ""Break 1,000 vases."" I only got to 120 despite making an effort to break any I came across. You could probably get an extra 100 or so by going out of your way to look for them, but the full 1K is going to take some serious grinding.- Trying to play it on a standard touchpad would be a nightmare.- The description compares this to Zelda, but the only similarities I can find are some of the humor, Wind Waker's art direction, and the fact that money is completely and utterly useless in both games. Don't buy it hoping for puzzles or Zelda-like combat."
,Recommended,266490,12030837,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Winkbell,Wow this game make me fantastic. Feel like into the fantasy world. Great!
76561198067792321,Recommended,266490,25419491,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Brianna,"I wasn't sure about this game, but it looked beautiful so I decided to give it a chance. I'm so happy I did. Short and sweet. STUNNING graphics, hilarious dialogue, quirky characters, unique combat system, immersive atmosphere and interesting storyline. I loved it!"
,Recommended,266490,23974402,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,LOWRY,"This game must have tons of potential features and online. I love the ambient of this game, soo.. cute and easy to play, even on hardcore difficuties."
,Recommended,266490,14351160,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,OneHandedSquire,"There's a lot going on in Lili: Child of Geos.  Too much to slap you with a witty pair of sentences and run away giggling.  So here's some proper paragraphs for you kids as I lead you on a bold coming-of-age adventure where you learn to part with three to five of your dollars but no more than that; an adventure where you learn if great art direction with a bit of humor can make up for some flawed gameplay and a very basic story:You will take control of Lili: a young crossdressing botanist with daddy issues on a quest to ""deflower"" a population of anthropomorphic gardens.  Okay, okay.  That is only technically true, you cheeky reviewer, you.  It's a very inclusive, cheerfully bright, and quite original game, although the daddy issues still stand.  And in fact they stand in the way of me giving this game an unqualified recommendation.I'm talking not about Lili the character, but the game itself.  It is so proud of its roots that it spends too much time placing them on display rather than nurturing its uniqueness to blossom into a memorable classic.  Lili brings a lot to the table, but what's ultimately going to keep you playing (or not) are its story, characters, and setting.  Lili: CoG tries to follow the likes of games like Monkey Island by having a story-focused game supported by a strong sense of humor.  The story itself is unchallenging, boiling down to: bad guys are bad guys and it's up to you to put things right.  Bless it, it tries to do more by giving Lili a personal dilemma that comes into conflict with her objectives, but when it comes time for her to choose, there's really no consequence to the choice you make.  Although, I guess we can hand out a gold star for at least letting the player make a choice.Okay, so the story is middling, what does this have to do with that whole roots/blossoming/flower-metaphors-for-a-game-about-flowers  line you were banging on about?  Well, presumably if the story is lacking, it could be supported by its humor.  And the game has some wonderfully funny moments.  Unfortunately, you might just stop playing before you ever get to them.  A lot of the jokes in the first areas of the game you explore take the form of references to other games and the games industry, and praise toward the games that inspired Lili.  And, as many of us know, references aren't really jokes, especially since you have to have a pretty broad knowledge of games to appreciate most of them.  I did get a grin or two out of these, but it wasn't until the second half of the game when the earnest chuckles came; when Lili started being Lili instead of her various daddies' girl.I know anybody reading the length of this review is probably ready with their metaphorical throwing produce if I don't get to talking about the gameplay soon, but this is a very hippy-dippy, rainbow colored, mostly non-violent, interactive experience and there's a bit more to be said.  This game.  Is.  Beautiful.  No, really, it is.  The birds even poop rainbows!!!  It could sell itself alone on its art direction (it's a shame it comes a bit too close to doing that).  Without an army of artists and polygons, Lili creates a vivid, bright, painterly world that is going to stay good looking for decades.  The environments feel very open, engaging, and wholely Lili's own.  Lili is a realistically proportioned human exploring a luminous world populated by wooden robots and grim-looking masked spirits none of which are short on personality.  It's got a bit of a Miyazaki vibe to it, but it's ultimately Lili's own world, and it's truly charming.Right, gameplay.  In Lili, you chase down spirits, jump onto their backs, and try to yank off the flowers that sprout up with your mouse, while avoiding hazards that threaten to knock you off and let the spirit escape: interesting, arcadey, surprisingly challenging as the difficulty ramps up.  It's refreshingly different from many other adventure/action/RPG hybrids that will mostly have you swinging a sword around at the things you want maimed.  It isn't quite perfect, though.  It works okay with mouse controls, but does feel imprecise at times and can get a bit frustrating when the things you want appear in dense clusters of hazards.  It seems designed with touch screens in mind, but I only used the mouse, so I can't comment on that implementation.The RPG elements, especially, seem misguided.  Upgrades are handed out at odd intervals and never seem essential, especially with items providing boosts that don't so much compliment your skills in running fast, stealth, and hanging onto enemies, as render them completely irrelevant.  The increments from leveling up and getting items aren't entirely unnoticeable, but the RPG elements could have gotten cut and nothing would have been lost.  In fact, the stealth aspect to the game is really non-existant.  You won't have to worry about things like which way the enemy is facing, what cover you place yourself behind, or the amount of lighting on you.  Stealth is merely a stat that determines how close you can get before the enemy automatically notices you.  If stealth games really turn you on, as they do me, just know that this isn't a stealth game, but a perfectly fine arcadey affair.  And, you know, you can just have a stealth-sandwhich and be invisible, so why the stats at all?I'll admit, I only played the game on normal difficulty.  The game does have easy and hard settings, but as an adult with adequate reflexes, I found Lili to be fairly easy to get through, but challenging to get through well (you are scored for each enemy you face and given a small reward in the form of a mask for doing well).  I'd say that makes it ideal, but then, I'm not sure exactly who this game was made for.  The simple saccharine story and visuals make it seem like a casual game for parents to play with their children, though I think even with an easy setting, reflex challenges might prove inherently difficult for younger kids.  But if it's just meant to appeal to the children of the 90s, now present day indie gamers, the difficulty is on the ball in terms of gameplay.  That audience will probably find the story a bit too easy, however (unless you want to get meta and compare Lili - the character's - struggle living in her father's shadow to Lili - the game's - struggle to emerge from the shadow of monumental games like a terribly clever gamer whose review will be super influential).So who is Lili for?  Well, me, I guess.  I mostly enjoyed it and I recommend it if you think the strengths I've just beamed into your head outweigh the bits that are mediocre - and those bits are just mediocre, never really bad."
,Recommended,266490,14250309,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Yogurt,I just bought it because of the cute girl
,Recommended,266490,14329110,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,<DayDream>,Lili: Child of Geos is an absolutely gorgeous game with little on offer beyond its imaginative world and whimsical writing.
,Recommended,266490,12754995,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Fox01313,"For a light-heared adventure game with some RPG elements for equipment choices, it's quite charming & with the world looking quite bright and some spots of clever writing, it's worth the time to dive into this game. A great little game for taking a break from more stressful/tense games to just explore the world & see all the interesting characters."
76561198078204256,Recommended,266490,12104881,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Sneakypeepee,"This game is beautiful. I love this game.It's obvious that the Devs love this game, and really poured over every detail. Some are saying that it's ""light on story"" And I'm here to tell you that that's a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's one of those games the story needs to be pieced together, by finding items, talking to NPCs, and completing main quests. So if you're unable to pay attention for 5 seconds, you'll probably miss most of the awesome references and happenings within the game. But if your patient, and play the game the way it's meant to be played (Casually) you will experience the full effects of it. My sister who is a toddler will sit down (something she doesn't do often) and watch me play this game. It is so vibrant, and full of color it can capture the attention of a 2 year old.  Beautiful game, an experience that brought me back to some of my favorite games I used to play on my N64, and GameCube. 8.5/10. P.S: If you scroll up and this game is still on sale for 4$, BUY IT RIGHT NOW GODDAMNIT WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU! LIKE SELL YOUR CS:GO SKINS OR TRADING CARDS!"
,Recommended,266490,14187334,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,BakaDucky,"Quite an odd and relaxing game, just halfway through and the gameplay is quite casual. Filled with random quirkiness and references to other games.  A good game for casual players. :)"
,Recommended,266490,14273620,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Princess Rin,"This game... Hmm where do i start? Basically the graphics of this game caught my eyes, when i started playing this game i got addicted to it. Sure... picking flowers, running around, jumping spirits, finding chests would seem kind of repetititve, but the game itself was kind of therapeutic.  I enjoyed just something casual to visually look at.  If you are looking for something to blow time, this is the game for you!"
76561198089900211,Recommended,266490,14255303,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Spencera,"Wonderful game!Story may be short but well worth it, filled with great characters, awesome visuals and an overall amazing atmoshpere.  Even if you rip through and finish, there's still plenty of challenges and collectables you can continue without restarting the game. Highly recommend for anyone!"
76561198041207183,Recommended,266490,13179905,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kitty Jesus,This game is chill af and most definitely worth the 3.59 I paid during the steam sale.Pros: It has a lovely artsyle and a simple combat system that made me feel very relaxed as I made way through the world. Highly recommended if you have any younger gamers in your household as this is a very simple and straightforward game.Cons: I wish you could customize the protagonist a little bit more. Aside from that the only thing I wish is that there was more of it! Beat the game in 5 hours with the exception of a few side quests.
76561198259655522,Recommended,266490,26549974,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Delirobia,"This game was an easter-egg-a-thon that being said, it was a very nice game. I saw the graphics before hand in the previews, but having actually played the game it was pleasant through and through. I want to play again just to see what it is if i do things a bit differently. Overall, a very good experience."
,Recommended,266490,14308723,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Whorific,"This is a neat little game. It's very... casual. That certainly is not a bad thing. It's relaxing, easy on the eyes and fun to progress through. The majority of the game consists of walking between four areas, clicking a button next to flowers to harvest them, clicking the same button to kick vases, and occasionally clicking the same button yet again to engage in a minigame where you pull flowers off of spirits. Simple but fun. Where the game really shines though, is in its surprisingly engaging story and characters. This game has some really dark undertones and explores some touchy subjects. Talk to everyone and don't skip the dialogue. I don't really have any major issues with this game. Mostly just insignificant nitpicks, like progression, which requires you to collect red flowers through NPC side quests or through battles with spirits, which isn't a problem in itself, it's just that you don't need a lot to move forward and once you get a couple, you can skip about half the content in the game or do it anyway which essentially accomplishes nothing. It's good that they give a choice of how you can play the game but there's no sense of accomplishment for completing 100% of the game. I don't even think the game keeps track of how many red flowers you get in total. Regardless, I still recommend this game. Twenty dollars does seem a bit pricey but I got a good six hours on my main playthrough and I'll probably return to this game at some point so I'm satisfied.Edit 8/5/15 : Seems the price dropped to ten dollars. It's definitely worth it now if you don't have it yet."
,Recommended,266490,14234230,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Joey,"Bought this game while ♥♥♥♥ed up, do not regret it the least bit my ♥♥♥♥♥ you deadass pick flowers and fight karate log people it's hype. You play as some cute lesbian from detroit and your mission is to pick flowers. Highly suggest purchasing."
,Recommended,266490,12031331,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Orionsangel,If you love exploration and collecting type of games. This game is for you. I love this game! It's so much fun and the graphics are enjoyable to look at and so colorful. The controls are great with a 360 controller. A vast improvement over the mobile version. This game also has a Nintendo connection. Which is a surprise. I won't spoil it. I highly recommend this game. It's very charming.
,Recommended,266490,12039378,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Inevitable Breakfast,"--------WARNING!!!! --------- This is an exploratory item collecting game, not a fighting game.I love this game so much! It's not terribly long, but not so short that you end up really disappointed (as long as you're trying to be thorough anyway), and the achievements aren't impossibly unreachable.The graphics and characters are beautiful, and funny (packed with refferences), so I definately recommend this to the artistic or comedic! You'll do better at this game if you like talking to game characters (the talks are pretty short anyway so no worries). ;)As a side note, the mouse/camera is a little weird, but you can probably get used to it.++++ Put this on your wish list so you know when its on sale (its not long enough or with a rich-enough story to be worth $20, but for $10 or less, go for it!)"
,Recommended,266490,12162490,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Nuwen,"Lili is a joy! The gameplay relies heavily on exploration and finger-puzzle sequences, set in a beautiful dreamworld. Uplifting woodwinds provide an expressive and evocative aural backdrop for Lili's adventure. Lots of nods to other games in the RPG genre. Lili herself is curious, independent, and spits on the infantilization of women in video games (without ever getting too heavy or serious).This game is a delightful fantasy, with pickup & go gameplay - use it as a relaxing respite! I laughed, smiled, and felt generally content while traipsing through Geos."
76561198149269076,Recommended,266490,12135340,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Ion Community Chairmen- Chicken,"This game is beautiful. From the scenery to the music you can tell the developers put some time into this game. As far as gameplay goes it's kind of reparative. You ""fight"" the enemies the same way with little variety, and there is only one thing you collect which is flowers. You can customize the character but it does feel a little limited howeverPros-*Beautiful scenery and music*Peaceful*Is a great way to kill some timeCons-*Repetitive gameplay*Not a big RPG element even though it says to be a RPG hybridNeutral-*Relatively short, but it is a port of an IOS game*One glitched achievement, neutral because some people won't care about that"
76561198047292180,Recommended,266490,12282997,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,yay,Absolutely love this game!+Beautiful World+Unique and Interesting Characters+Likeable protagonist+Unique and different worldspaces+Great attention to detail+Charming atmosphere+Kickass soundtrack-No voice acting-a little short for a game that costs SGD20-repetitive combat-Simplistic character design
,Recommended,266490,12030659,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,artofmana,"I've barely put in an hour with the Steam version of this game but I already recommend it. I played Lili as soon as it came out for iOS and in my review of the game then I gave it high marks. I give them again this time around.The best part of Lili for me is that it is full of humor and I actually had a very powerful emotional response to part of the story. It's really that good. But let me pause to point out the one flaw I see in the game.Unfortunately, punctuation is sloppy and visually stands out against such a flawless graphical backdrop. Admittedly, I'm a stickler for quality writing with careful, consistent use of punctuation and spelling as much as an engaging text. Sadly, this is seemingly the only unpolished bit of Lili. Also, while I appreciate the quirky descriptions and tongue-in-cheek collectibles, there is unexpected semi-questionable content for astute readers.That being said, I love the feel of this game so get ready for more gushing. The graphics are stunning with beautiful art direction and an immersive environment. This is even truer in the Steam version. It's funny that it looks as I remember it but then when I checked screenshots from my iPhone playthrough, I realized what time and effort really went into this port. The graphics are redone and gorgeous on the big screen!Lili is a great hero and it's nice to see a nonsexualized female lead. She can be taken seriously and is genuinely likeable. She is also fun to control both on iOS and Steam. I like the control options and found the use of the mouse to give a bit of precision to the main ""battle"" mechanic of the game. I use quotes because there really are no fights other than plucking plants from the backs of spirits and this unique twist is actually very engaging and serves as both a sort of mini game as well as a well tuned challenge in progression.Finally, I really like the new listings of characters because at the end of the day, they are what made my first experience with Lili so memorable. I look forward to playing through the rest of this game once more and hope you pick it up as well."
,Recommended,266490,12059912,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,ShackledDreamz,"Really cool, RPGsc game. It has a lot of video game references in which I find hilarious. It's an awesome game to pick up. I am really enjoying it."
76561198086116152,Recommended,266490,12127314,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Marijandro,Although it might not be worth 19.99 it is a fantastic game. I never thought I would enjoy a game that consisted of collecting flowers. The graphics were stunning and the sense of humor in the notes and items make me laugh quietly to myself. I might continue to play in free roam mode just to take in all the graphics.
,Recommended,266490,13193109,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Richard Simmons,Decent little game.Pros: great art and graphics.Fun characters and dialogueInteresting challengesCons: shortrepetitiousI got this during a steam sale and believe it was worth the price. Can't say it would be for normal price. I could have beat in an hour but I played some with my 4 year old and took my time at the end to extend to over 2 hours. If you wanted to get all the achievements you could spend another hour or 2 smashing all the vases.
,Recommended,266490,25502203,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Annie May's Tiddies,"First off, I did get this on sale at $5, but I loved it so much I purchased a second copy for my sister.Lili is a wonderful litle game, I gotta say. The art style is fantastic, everything looks so vibrant and full of life. That's actually the main reason I bought it. However, the fantastic scenery isn't the best part. Lili's cast of characters are quirky and unique, all with plenty of soul about them. There wasn't every a single time when I could say I was bored with this game.Now, that being said, the developers did say it was originally going to be a tablet game, and you can tell. While that is by no means a bad thing, it may throw some people off.Another thing is, holy moly, the music is fantastic. Each zone has its own original track that plays throughout that just sounds wonderful, in addition to a few other tracks you'll hear when fighting a boss or entering a room.Each zone is crafted in such a way that is unique from the others, but still fits the over all feel of the game, filled with its own ""Constructs"" (the wooden robot like inhabitants of Geos) that all have things they need help with, and with malicious spirits that need a good clobbering.One thing I will say, and this may be a negative to some, and a positive to others, but this game is incredibly easy, once you have the controls down. Like I said, it was originally supposed to be a mobile phone/tablet game, so it takes a bit of getting used to on keyboard and mouse, I'm not sure how it feels on controllers. It gets especially easy with the addition of power ups and items.One final thing as well, the game can run very well even on older systems. I purchased a copy for my sister as well as myself, and her gameplay looked identical to mine, and she's using a 9 year old Nvidia GTS250 graphics card and an Intel G3258 processor, and she had no issues at max settings. So, props to the developers for optimizing their game so well.Pros:Fantastic sceneryWonderful OSTFun charactersFun ""combat""Cons:Relatively short gamePretty easy, although to some that may not be a bad thing.all in all, for what it is, I love this game and highly recomend it.8/10"
76561198048268849,Recommended,266490,12794242,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,makersley,"A beautiful, sweet little game.  Does exactly what it says on the tin.  Brilliantly sly sense of humour.  Would recommend for ages ~7 and up.  And the young at heart, too."
,Recommended,266490,10245367,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Paul_Wacker,"I didn't realize when I Greenlit and then subsequently bought this game that it was intended for people less than half my age.  Nonetheless, the visuals are great, really polished Unreal Engine stuff like Bioshock.  The gameplay is enjoyable enough, albeit easy.  As long as you keep in mind that this game is probably intended for <10 year olds, you'll be fine.  You might even enjoy it, as I did."
,Recommended,266490,10374639,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Melody❤,"Super cute game for all ages, loved it. - quite short though."
,Recommended,266490,10235879,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,devilmaycare34,"Enjoyed this game so much I completed it twice. It's only 4 hours long (unless they add content in future) but it's worth every penny. It's got a very light sense of humour, beautiful visuals, whimsical almost all the time. It includes a lot of video game references that are enjoyable. I just wish there was more of it. You can literally complete the game once per day as they state and I have to agree, I'm unsure I would be unhappy with the prospect as this game is wonderful."
76561198138007184,Recommended,266490,10244057,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,DeadlyBrit3,Just started playing and i'm finding this quite a cool game. It has a Zelda the Windwaker kind of feel to it with the constant hypnotic music and the weird creatures.
,Recommended,266490,15421365,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Kupo,Gorgeous graphics: 10/10Hints of cannibalism: 10/10Bugged achievement counter: 10/10Legs separate from the model when doing an upskirt: ∞/∞
,Recommended,266490,15647017,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,calihunie,This game is soo fun to play!
76561197999380029,Recommended,266490,25177229,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jsward000,I played this game a year or so ago and it was fabulous. Seriously it is fresh with new ideas and makes a change from the usual type games weve seen on pc. Well worth a visit for the conosuer of gamers out  there. :)
76561198139912927,Not Recommended,266490,15760987,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Lxske,"I'm writing this (negative) review solely because when I looked at reviews before buying this game, none of them said it was a children’s game.It does have good parts: graphics are beautiful and having to collect a gazillion flowers brings out the hoarder in me.Storyline, however, is too flat and too helpful, even though I've put the game on hardcore difficulty. How can one make a flower picking simulator hardcore? Beats me. The only change is that you get thrown off the spirits faster. But you can pick some more flowers and buy items to counterfeit that..I DO recommend this for kids and anyone who just loves picking flowers and helping random wooden people."
,Recommended,266490,15321846,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,YST,"Short, simple, but fun game with great visuals and interesting characters."
76561198319845730,Recommended,266490,32459964,Posted: 15 June,all,Remy,"I enjoyed the simplicity of this game. It is a generally quick play once you understand what it is you are meant to do, but the game can be stretched out a bit if you work on completing the steam achievments after completing the main objective of the game. Graphics were nice, and some of the dialogue was humourous. Coins are easy to collect, and if you enjoy running around and collecting or breaking things, you're in luck. There is also no death or realistic violence in this game. It was overall, very cute."
76561198032539699,Recommended,266490,11968035,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,xasio.7,An aesthetically beautiful uplifting game with humble satire and an uplifting glow. A breath of fresh air for this generation of games.
76561197980579240,Recommended,266490,10097326,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Rage Against the Banana,"Super chill and beautiful game.  This game is just about the need to explore beautiful locales and finding various items.Very easy, but the whole point of it is to just relax and enjoy the world it puts you, which is easy to do."
,Recommended,266490,19489570,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,GatthewMore,"Pretty good Final Fantasy Flower Picking Sim...the enviroments are gorgeous and probably the main highlight of the game. The dialouge and stuff made me laugh, overall a pretty good game.Dont buy this expecting a traditional RPG battle system, the battles are you picking flowers off monsters backs by pushing the corresponding button(OR using the mouse to pull but I didnt like), some of them are pretty fast paced and challenging, some much easier.It has flashbangs!"
,Not Recommended,266490,16935927,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Caironomad,"I am sad to say this game was a disappointment to me. I bought it (like many people have) based on the dazzling screenshots and videos on the store page, and because it said it was an RPG. It took about a minute since I booted it up to realize that what I had just bought was in no way an RPG and in no way the game I had paid for. If only the Steam refund system had existed back then.The sad part is that this game is beautiful. Really beautiful. The soundtrack isn't half bad either. Now if only those things could have been combined with a robust combat system, a world larger than 3 subdivisions in a small town and more than just a smattering of a story line then it might have been a runaway hit instead of such a letdown. Seriously, you can beat this thing in 3 hours or less, and all the side quests are nothing but fetch and find quests.I want to like this game, but I just can't bring myself to. It would be great if someday someone made a sequel or reimagining of this game, kept the theme, kept the characters and environment, but totally rebuilt and expanded everything else. It would blow minds. This, however, just blew a hole in my wallet."
,Recommended,266490,29764707,Posted: 7 February,all,Aldondrius,"Just relax...Pro- good graphics- good gameplay mechanics- nice simple relatable story- funny characters- soundtrack (gets a little boring after a while)Con- keys can only be changed editing the configuration file, that is bad game design- no voice acting, it has a little but is just a glimpse of what it could have been- could of had more achievements for finishing the game on other difficulties (not really a con i know)- too much nonsensical commentaries from npc's, more story would have been better7/10 rating , i was hooked to play 13h straight, it was very relaxing for me."
,Recommended,266490,21730559,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,maltness,"after a long tiring day at work, we need this as a remedy."
76561198135895665,Not Recommended,266490,24827766,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,saddness,"Feels like and IOS game, i picked it up thinking it would be a beautiful and artsy game (Which it is visually pleasing) but the gameplay feels child like and I personally did not have fun to begin with. I didnt give it a chance really but some may enjoy it.Pick it up on sale if you really want to try it"
,Recommended,266490,10975040,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Thinking Potato,The characters are very nice and cute and the gameplay is very fluid.I didn't expect this game to be so damn cozy and fun to play.10/10 would explore Geos with LiliAnd maybe explore a little bit of Lili *Wink Wink*
,Not Recommended,266490,14183951,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ellneko,"Pretty, and I'm a sucker for a game with non-male protagonists.But, Lili really goes out of its way to perpetuate crappy gender stereotyping. For something that's clearly aimed at a kids' market, having dialogue that touches on non-human spirit entities that are ""female"" caring about their weight and appearance is, to put it mildly, gross.Do not recommend."
,Recommended,266490,11159723,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,b4us,"If you had told me 24 hours ago that a game about deflowering people against their will would be my favorite game of the year, I would slap you upside the head and tell you to go back to your dammned Sword Art Online. Even though the premise is silly, and it tries a little too hard to be a Nintendo game, it's an amazing game. Honestly, I wouldn't expect a game this beautiful with such a unique premise to be a Steam game! It's a bit small, I beat it 100% in a little over 3 hours, and it doesn't start out on a very strong point at all. It would've done better with some sort of intro sequence, instead of throwing you directly into gameplay. I also wish it would've had some platformer elements, or, you know, a jump button. With all of the crates lying around in Split Wood, the kid in me was just dying to hop up on them and see where they lead! I could easily compare this game to a watered down Zelda meets Shadow of Collossus, with some LittleBigPlanet-esque characters and graphics."
,Recommended,266490,10830646,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,animatezach,Awesome game! I love the outstanding visuals and fluid gameplay! Would recommend!
,Recommended,266490,11175315,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Gnome,"*Gnome Seal of Approval*The main audience for this is probably kids. But that doesn't mean older people can enjoy it as well. Some of the jokes are clearly made for young adults. You advance by 'fighting' Spirits. Jump on their backs and pick the flowers growing there while avoiding thorns and bombs. Some light RPG elements lets you increase your grip when fighting spirits, speed for chasing them and sneaking for sneaking past guards.Simple fun, cute characters. Not a game for all, but gnomes like it."
76561198039709874,Recommended,266490,10331473,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,artardvark,"Wow, amazing, conquered too fast though, lets me keep going, but not sure why.  BEAUTIFUL graphics, I want more!!!"
76561198079845711,Recommended,266490,10632522,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lanbo,"Very nice graphics, the game is beautiful. The game is full of nice jokes and fun characters, though some moments have a darker edge to it, overplayed by the bright surroundings. Great colours, everything is shiny and bright, a joy to look at.Even though the controls with the controller are neither configurable nor actually explained, it works well. Every key binding for the items are displayed for keyboard only which may lead to some item waste as you try and figure out which controller button does which. But control is tight and during the spirit fights the controller buttons are shown correctly.There's no speech in the game, but that - for me - only added to the charm. I felt reminded a lot of the Wind Waker, one of my favourite games as a kid. The inspiration clearly came from that game.Unfortunately, the game is awfully short. You only need 3-4 hours to collect everything and defeat every spirit. The items are not really necessary here - though I only played on normal. And even though the game is so short, the fights with the spirit get a tad repetative near the end. Defeating all 52 of them brings nothing to the game, and almost every fight is the same. And replay value is nigh zero, the story is linear and everything is collectible in the first run.I have enjoyed the game so far but I can't really recommend it for full price. Though the game is beautiful, runs well and has a cute main character, it's just too short. Be sure to grab it on a discount, though."
,Recommended,266490,10275971,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Mogli,Magical!! :-)
,Recommended,266490,11203644,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Marshall Leigh,"Lili: Child of Geos is a beautiful yet very simple game that won't appeal to everybody.As someone who was looking for a change of pace from the average brown, explosion based gritty shooter, Lili: Child of Geos was an amazing pallet cleanser. A nice simple story set on a beautiful island with some really nice stand out characters and an easy yet enjoyable mechanic made for an enjoyable yet short experience that I would recommend to people looking for something a little different.As mentioned above, the graphics in this game are superb, every area is crawling with life and every nook and cranny seems to have been paid a lot of attention. The character models as well are all unique and portray an enjoyable visual style that makes them feel much more alive as characters, even despite not being voiced.The dialogue of the game is light hearted and fun, even going so far as to almost break the fourth wall at times when mentioning some of the games obvious limitations.Sadly, the game isn't voice acted which feels like a slight let down. I feel it could of been the icing on the cake here but as mentioned the dialogue is interesting enough to read through.The actual second to second gameplay involves a lot of fetch quest like objectives and the whole game is very easy, you can complete it to 100% in about 4-6 hours but the gameplay isn't the draw here and sometimes the IOS roots of the game can be seen.Lili: Child of Geos is an experience more than a challenge, a nice vacation from the stressful and grim games that most of us play a lot and I loved it, here is hoping for a sequel!"
76561198051837910,Recommended,266490,11300021,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,y_doucet,"Was a fun little game! The graphics were awesome and the game gets really adictive fast if you want to past some time. Only down side was that with that kind of graphics I was actually expecting the game to have some voice in it... But it's pretty much only some Zelda style expression noises like ""Hey"", ""hello"" or some sound simillar to that.It was a good game still so I will give it a 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,266490,10578994,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Simbiat,"I like the style here. I would really like to see a movie made by these guys. And I find Lili quite hot. Not super-model hot, but your actual-life-geeky-nerdy-girl hot. And I like the animation... But other than that I do not see anything here for me. This game may suite a child, though, so I do mark it as recommended."
76561198041357139,Recommended,266490,26906185,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Saffral,"It's simple, it's a collect-a-thon, and it takes place in a lovely, brightly-coloured world. It's also one of the darkest worlds you'll ever set foot in. What first seems harmless and cute turns out to be truly evil, while the evil just gets more sinister. Throughout the game all I did was doom a peaceful and moderately oppressed people to fire, famine, and bloodshed. Truly at the end of this game (if it can even be called a 'game') you will feel nothing more than wicked.If you're looking for a game about being evil, this is it. Just because it's non-violent doesn't mean you're going to finish with a clean conscience.In short, this is the game everyone should get. It teaches valuable life lessons about how much having good intentions matter in the face of actions. It should be part of every school's curriculum."
,Recommended,266490,14556713,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,snoof ❤,"Finished this game twice on my iPhone, and was pleasantly supprised when I discoved the PC port. Impressed with how much the PC version improves over the iOS one. Absoloutely great game, awesome graphics, relaxing gameplay and good humour.8.5/10 a must buy"
,Recommended,266490,10098285,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Tofu,"Adorable game, kid -centric with some odd adult undertones in it's characters. Specifically a certain stalker photographer. Lovely stylization and a pretty big leap in graphics from iOS to PC. Some bugs and clipping/bounding box issues here and there, but the charm of the game is worth it. Some achievements are broken and I'll likely have to do a second playthrough once it's fixed to get them all. This is a non-violent game with quirky brief dialogue. No voice overs except some grunts and hello's. Music is cute too."
,Recommended,266490,24576971,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sol_HSA,This cute little game is worth checking out simply because the combat mechanic is picking flowers.
,Recommended,266490,25016776,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Evengiolon,"This game was a fun one to play. You have to pick flowers to trade for items to help with your picking of more flowers. The evil mayor is trying to oppress the wooden folk in the village. And being the hero that you are as a teacher, you most definately want to pick the flowers on the back of your oppressors... All you have to do is chase them, jump on them back and pick away! Beware of the bombs... loads of custom clothes, hats and pets to find and unlock. Short, simple, and a hell of alot of fun!! Who thought picking flowers was so much fun."
,Recommended,266490,10075199,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Kameraden,"Charming, enjoyable.  It isn't that hard of a game but the appeal is mostly to explore.  It's a beautiful game, worthy of exploration at that.  Comedy in the game is just as charming as the game looks.  I enjoyed it.   It's a wonderful break from more violent video games.I dare not say more, there isn't much to say.  I have no choice to give it a thumbs up, definitely for how few actually worked on this project, they deserve that thumbs up."
,Recommended,266490,32630597,Posted: 21 June,all,joe01489,"Lili: Child of Geos is light-hearted and good for a short casual play. It's a delightful adventure game about a student who needs to collect interesting flowers for her thesis, and she decides to go to the land of Geos to find legendary species. Upon arrival, Lili finds herself thrown into a peculiar society of Constructs and Spirits, where all Constructs are enslaved by the Mayor, a Spirit. Lili decides that saving the Constructs from tyranny is more important than securing her degree, and stays to help defeat the Mayor.The game revolves around picking flowers; defeating the Spirits require you to jump on their backs and remove their red flower. I was a bit hesitant to buy this game because of the story's premise, but the wonderful graphics and music are evidence of the game's overall great quality. It is definitely worth joining Lili on her adventure."
,Recommended,266490,14232630,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Crazy Alchemy,"Absolutely Adorable!From what I've played, this seems to be a game all about running around finding treasures and exploring, interacting with spirits, collecting costumes, and figuring out ways to catch bad spirits and jump on their back to pick flowers off their heads in elaborate quick time events.It's surprisingly good for what it is.Did I mention that it's Absolutely Adorable?"
76561198047671381,Not Recommended,266490,26005360,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,residentvl,"Loved this on iPad when it was new and thought id get it for my pc since it talked about expanded content. well it runs like terribly. not my PC's fault either, this runs Witcher 3 in 2k on ultra with mods to enhance the graphics a bit more and yet it cant run Lili at more than like 15 fps. if not for that id probably still love this game but it just does not run well"
76561198033889305,Not Recommended,266490,24122949,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LibreOffice Writer,"I haven't gotten very far into the game, and though it is charming, it makes me very motion sick.So, if you are like me and get motion sick from certain kinds of video games, you might want to steer clear of this one.It's a shame, because it honestly looks like it would be fun."
,Recommended,266490,12523228,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,-GEM- Ω Childofdagon,"A lovely journey through a weird city fullfilled with friendly wooden creatures. You have to earn money and flowers for upgrades during your missions and minigames. Sometimes you have to challenge some bad ""thief"" spirits. But all in all Lili is a non-violent adventure game also children can play with a really nice atmosphere and good Music. Enjoy Lili on her Mission for Geos and try to collect all stars when you defeat the spirits, Good luck and have a lot of fun Yo !"
,Recommended,266490,29680598,Posted: 3 February,all,Grr_I'm_Here,It's a happy little game that makes me happy. :)
76561198119213547,Recommended,266490,28932018,Posted: 2 January,all,deadbody_dancefloor,"Really awesome game, a breath of fresh air in an unfortunately stale gaming market."
,Recommended,266490,14279621,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Harley,"For a game that first appeared on IOS this is  a great port. Seriously it is. The main selling point for this game is collecting. Thats it, just collecting.  You collect items like hats, various other cosmetics and flowers. thats it. But it never gets boring. even when u pick flowers off the Spirits that never gets boring. This game is pure fun. I never got bored playing it. Not once. I cannot recommend this game enough. Get it while its still on sale. I promise you will not regret it. I give  a well deserved 10/10."
76561197965282243,Recommended,266490,17104203,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Hatch,"Lili: Child of Geos is an adventure game that reminds me of the newer Zelda games.  You go on quests, break pots to get loot, challenge enemies, unlock doors and the character talk in text not voice.  Lili is a less violent version of Zelda because you can't die and the enemies are defeated and not killed.  Instead of swinging a sword you pick flowers off their head.  It sounds like a cheezy game but I had fun playing it and it takes some effort to get through the game.  The graphics are really good and the gameplay is easy.  This game is no match for Zelda but it's a fun adventure none the less.  Great for all ages.  I would like to note that considering this game was originally a mobile app game I'm impressed how well it's made.ProsSimple gameplayGraphicsClean languageNot very long (complete around 5-7 hrs).  If this was a Zelda game that would be bad but for this game it's good.ConsAchievements - most are easy to get but there's one you can't get with one playthrough which I find annoying.  To get all 3 training achievements you have to play through a second time.  You can get 2 out of 3 in a single playthrough.  Also, the game wants you to collect 1,000 flowers and breaking pots.  The flowers one takes time but not hard if you constantly collect them.  The breaking pots one seems to take forever because there's fewer of them and never marked on your map.  By the time I finished the game I only broke around 500/1,000...ugh!  If you're serious about achievements that will take up more than 5-7 hrs to complete the game.  The achievement issue doesn't make the game bad, just annoying."
,Recommended,266490,10226853,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,dogatemycomputer,This game was alot of fun.  If you enjoy a little story with a bit of adventure then $20 is worth the price.
76561197998159333,Recommended,266490,11072963,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Raveneer,"Lili: Child of Geos is a love letter to classic 3D adventure games but overall runs a bit long. You could easily burn through its content in a day but the majority of it sadly gets very repetitive very fast. At $20.00, it's a hard sell I'd argue.You're dropped onto the island of Geos as Lili, a college student persuing a Vege-Magical degree, and become embroiled in a conflict between the island's ruling Spirits and their servant Constructs. Lili's pursuit is not entirely selfless (at first). She's here to study the flowers that dot the island, which most conveniently grow from the backs of the Spirits, forcing her to spend a majority of the game delicately plucking them from her enemies.As a central mechanic, the spirit combat is great and well realized. The chase to catch a spirit followed by the aforementioned flower picking is great fun, hampered only by the finicky controls thinking you want to stop and either pick flowers or smash jars when you're in hot pursuit. Lili's origins as a tablet game really show up here, as the plucking mechanic has you selecting a flower and dragging it away from a spirit to collect it.  It is fun perhaps the first handful of times, but given that there are over fifty spirits in the game to fight with little variety aside from the number of obstacles that crop up on a spirit, it does make the game's pacing drag if you are going for 100%.Geos has a lot of bright and colorful details to its world, and it is fun to just wander around the island and see what's in it as the Constructs go about their business. While not a fully realized world like in Deadly Premonition or Majora's Mask, where the characters all follow a set schedule, Geos nonetheless is a delight to get lost in for a few hours and take in the scenery.It's also good to see Lili realized as a character; she has no love interest and she has no need of someone to come save her. As a plucky protagonist with ideas for what she wants to do with her life, Lili stands up for herself in a game that, while it has action, is at its core a non-violent experience, barring how you feel about picking flowers off the backs of monsters.It's not a perfect game and suffers from having too many spirits to fight through, but for a quick delightful romp Lili's journey to Geos is one worth undertaking."
76561198022750630,Recommended,266490,11045705,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,michael_kuerbis,"Lili: Child of Geos is one of the bizarrest games I ever played: an open-world flower picking simulator with a stroke of the RPG-brush.You play Lili, who visits an inhabited island to collect flowers for a school project. But she does not pick these flowers from the fields or gardens, she only picks the ones that grow along the streets and on the monsters.Yes, this game features flower-picking based fighting. You chase a monster and then, during the actual fight, you pluck flowers off the monster. Maybe using the mouse makes it too easy, but I never lost one of these fights.To be fair, this fighting model makes more sense on a touchscreen device. This is not as surprising since earlier editions of Lili: Child of Geos were published for mobile devices. And after all, it seems new and creative to me.But the open world of Lili: Child of Geos offers a bit more than flower picking. You can explore, collect stuff, talk to people and solve sidequests which consist of exploring, collecting stuff and talking to people.Lili: Child of Geos is rather short and small. It took me about three or four hours to do the main quests, all the side quests and get all the nonrespawning collectibles.On a more negative side, this game features no voice acting, only textboxes.So, was Lili: Child of Geos any fun for me? Yes, but not 20€ worth of fun, more like 10€.Conclusion: If you need a tiny charming open-world game for inbetween with an uhmm innovative fighting mechanic and this game is on sale, then give it a try."
,Recommended,266490,10637590,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Chu4Lyfe,"not a bad game, music is like legend of zelda."
,Not Recommended,266490,17456858,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,SubJaeger,Boring game-play...
,Recommended,266490,18308219,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,yaya14,"Nice game, amazing graphics! I would recommend it for younger ageshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=528562133http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=528975655http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=528562065http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=528561950http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=528561835"
,Recommended,266490,18280757,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Andrraz,"Surprisingly good, I played through the whole game in one sitting."
,Recommended,266490,12707767,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,...,just bought the game and it is enjoyable. pick it up while its still on sale :)
76561198047085669,Recommended,266490,11019355,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Dumt,The most adorable game USA.
76561198065873308,Recommended,266490,12126671,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Dat360NoScope @YT,Great game!
,Recommended,266490,14376834,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,MrWaffleFries,"The game looked a little Ehhh at first. When I first joined, I was just amazed! The Graphics are amazing, the smoothness of everything just really catches my eye. Don't get me started on the voices, and sounds you hear inside the game. I love the music that's constantly playing :) I have not gotten far in the game, Nor do I understand the story line that well. I do not like to read the long texts. Maybe add Voice Narration for all the text? Also would love if you could play this game in windowed mode. Other then that, 10/10 for a Single player game like this. Amazing, I do recommend to all my friends :)"
,Recommended,266490,13746718,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[VtW] Tom Badguy,"This game is a super casual game, and yes, you pretty much pick flowers and smash pots. It's not difficult at all but it an odd way, it was really fun. Definitely something you can just relax and play. It reminds me of a game that would be on Wii-U due to its cute charm. I got it on sale for under $3 and I suggest everyone do the same.Pros:+ GFX are nice+ The characters are really odd and interesting+ Has a great charm and there are some cool game references like Zelda and Mega Man+ Honestly, fun to play+ The surroundings are really fun to look at+ I could argue that it is the best casual game I have ever playedCons:- Too easy, not challenging at all, you can get a key to open all locked doors at the beginning of the game, the items are useless, I didn't even need to use them- Moving between areas, the game kind of freezes for two seconds when opening red doors, annoying- When using a controller, some times the right stick will drift to the left, it can be fixed just by moving the right stick, but I don't think this game was designed to support controllers at first- Full price for this game is too much, I beat it in 6 hours and got 42/46 achievements, $20 is too muchOverall, I'll give it a thumbs up. Just get it when it is on sale and don't expect it to be something super epic. It's just to have fun."
,Recommended,266490,19066259,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,b1gA55puss,"pretty fun to blow off some time. lili is such a qt and i want to make her mine, also a great use of my 980 ti"
,Recommended,266490,16756943,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Donner Kevin,"Not a typical slash and hack RPG. It is very diffrent to other Games I've played yet, but i like it very much. The Graphics are really good for a 10 bucks game. I like the Story and the Dialogs of the Characters the most :). Only thing that isn't good is that the Game is so short."
76561198117720401,Recommended,266490,10915938,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,meanapplepie,"So Lili: Child of Geos is a quirky, lite RPG, and action-adventure game. The mechanics are simple and easy to understand for gamers of most ages (granted those gamers can read), and the rest of the game is made to be a family friendly adventure. Combat and violence is replaced with a fun little mini-game (which feels awkward on the mouse at first, but you'll get used to it) where you chase enemy spirits across the island, hop onto their backs, and pluck Spirit Flowers off to weaken them while avoiding the thorns and bomb plants that grow there as well. After defeating a spirit you can earn a score and a rating measured in stars, if you earn 3 stars you'll also get a colored version of that spirits mask (there are also fifty unique spirits to encounter, so that means 50 unique masks to unlock). Outside of that minigame, the rest of the game sees you running or walking around the island of Geos, slowly unlocking new zones to explore freely and to find new spirits to defeat inside. The exploration of these zones remind me a little of The Wind Waker, as the island is bright, colorful, and actually very pretty (especially on the highest settings). Unlike Wind Waker though, there are no dungeons to explore (unfortunately) but there are a lot of fun little puzzles to undertake, quests to do for the wood-construct citizens of Geos, and every time you enter a zone, a whole batch of Spirit Flowers (the same kind that grow on the heads of Spirits) spawns in random places for you to collect. Unfortunately a few bugs appear where flowers will grow inside walls or under bridges or just places you can't reach, and there are the occasional clipping issues that block Lili off from small areas she should be able to access, or temporarily stick her into the environment (only happened once for me, but it took me five minutes of running in a circle to get her free), and the zones themselves really aren't too large. However you will find yourself scouring these zones over and over while hunting for spirits, treasure chests, and flowers and the zones are well designed and so different from each other they surprisingly don't get old after a few hours of playing, and with the flowers you find you can sell them for gold coins (used to buy outfits, upgrades, and powerups for taking on spirits), trade them for keys (one key will open any lock on the island, but is destroyed after each use) so you can loot or explore the various houses and shops on the island, or you can use the flowers to gamble with in a minigame I found quite easy (probably just because I have good eyes and reflexes) to try and earn even more gold coins.I bought the game on a whim because it was on sale and looked cute, and surprisingly it is now my favorite game of all time, simply because it is so fun, cute, and happy it always makes me feel good when I play, no matter how poopy I feel before loading it up. I've already finished the game (it is rather short unfortunately, but I've heard you can play it for about 40 hours before collecting every single hat, outfit, lore item, mask, pet, and completing every quest) but I want to keep playing it and try getting the game's other ending and explore the bird poop mechanic a little bit more. Yes, there is a bird poop mechanic where if you run too fast while scaring birds, the poor things will fly away and poop all over Lili, leaving rainbow colored droppings all over the girls face and clothes (this always makes me laugh because she always has a calm smile on her face throughout the game).So would I recommend this game? Yes, however the majority of Hardcore gamers probably wouldn't like the game for much more than the billions of references to Dark Souls, Oregon Trail, Mario, Zelda, Minecraft, Prometheus (yes, the movie), and much more. Children would probably love the colors and characters, but a lot of jokes and dialogue would probably be wasted on them. But if you're a total nerd who wants to play a peaceful game that'll just make you laugh and give you at least 3 to 5 hours of sheer happiness (that's the minimum time to beat the storyline), you'll probably love it as much as I do."
,Recommended,266490,14280427,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,southerntamata,Yes.
,Recommended,266490,10928936,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,FawltyKoffee,"Only an hour into it, but will continue to play. It's a fun, easy going kinda game. Simple enough to dive into and visually a pleasure to look at. (Could use more voice acting is my only complaint. I think it would add to the immersion.)"
,Recommended,266490,12084390,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Czaczaczar,"Pot smashing simulator like The Legend of Zelda!Impressive graphics, music & ambience. Cute & quirky well-rounded characters. Great narrative story but falls very short (3 hours from start to finish). Lots of references to well known games & character customizations. This is a mobile game port done right."
,Recommended,266490,21198996,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Silly,Short but enjoyable game! Lovely visuals and very chill to play.Short breakdown of what you do:1. Pick flowers.2. Destroy vases.3. Play with spirits (plucking their flowers)4. ????5. Profit.
76561198207445511,Not Recommended,266490,24207216,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,mypattytoo,"This game didn't even load, even though my computer easily met the requirements listed. I tried the various fixes listed in the forums, and none of them worked.It was an entirely worthless experience, so much so that I bought it on sale and asked for my $2 back."
76561198031190155,Recommended,266490,23227069,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Zenuge,"Guess il dod A Lili review.Is good, is short, is makes a good port? I dunno, is this a port? It would be better a home with tablet controls. Otherwise I picked it up as a detour from other stuff, and because I like smaller botique games (as I call them) where they really flesh out the details.Also, great for the kids, I guess, I don't have any."
76561198013256647,Recommended,266490,17362032,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Losk Osmanthus 路渐秋凉,Time well spend.It took some skills to not touch the thron.....
,Recommended,266490,15255487,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Protein Shaken,"This may be a very childish game, but i will recommend it to people who's just looking for  relaxing game. i havent played the game to much, but it is very promising."
,Recommended,266490,24811292,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Bichykairi,So much fun!
76561198052261691,Recommended,266490,25040130,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Pieratemaster,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,266490,28086382,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,(づಠᴥಠ)づ,"Love this game !So much win, good story, lots of humor, the constructs always have something witty to say, and playing Lili is a lot of fun. The world looks amazing, so much color and very creative while keeping great frame rate and no lag. There are plenty of quests to go on, and they aren't long and drawn out, just long enough to keep you entertained before moving on to the next one.It's also a nice break from all the violence and brutal deaths in most of the other games i play...i love that sort of thing but it's nice to have something relaxing to play that will give me a good laugh, it is also suitable for children to play as well in my opinion. They can also have fun with all of Lili's outfits you can buy for her. The controls are fairly simple as well.I don't like writing long reviews, i know they may not be to helpful, but i hope it's enough to convince you to buy this game, it's a ton of fun and family friendly...great for everyone."
,Not Recommended,266490,26303417,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,The Kurgan,"Hmm I hate to give it a thumbs down it wasnt bad it was more like meh. I'd give it a neutral if I could. Looks nice, very simple play control. Heard it was a ios game..I can see that."
,Recommended,266490,23776008,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Monty,Surprisingly hilarious.
76561197993745882,Not Recommended,266490,26694750,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Cowbell Hero,"Plays like a schoolproject demo, a very pretty but ultimately void of content small world with kringy writing to boot."
,Recommended,266490,14218110,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,nat,"Now this may seem like a silly little game but its actually really fun and interesting. So lots of people say its ""just picking flowers and breaking pots"", which is slightly true hah, but once playing it its really fun! You go around on a task and visit different places on the island of geos. You also talk to harmless little constructs and fight these things called spirits. How you fight is by picking off the spirits ""life"" flower. The spirits also throw bombs at you that are very very annoying. But overall its a very interesting and fun game. Graphics are nice, Design is quite well. Worth it."
,Recommended,266490,14182070,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ReBoot,"A little exploration there, a little charm here and the combat is actually interesting."
,Recommended,266490,15243597,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Geen,"I wasn't expecting to play Lili: Child of Geos for 5 hours straight and beat it in one sitting, but here we are.Lili is purly about exploring towns, NPC interaction, and taking down baddies with quick button presses, more akin to Wack-a-Mole then your typical QTE.The game is not extremely deep, and I have mixed feelings about the majority of the character designs, but it was a truly enjoyable ride and, if the last few achievements weren't grindfests, I would be putting in the effort to 100% it."
,Recommended,266490,13521906,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,rogermorse@800x600-40fps,"This game surprised me. I well knew that the game was only a simple game, all it was about was picking up flowers (lol?) and quick time events fights. So I was prepared to a mediocre game with a good artistic style.Well, it's much more than that. The style is in fact very pleasant, I would say very well designed levels. You get 5 different levels in which you can free roam (you can't jump so no platforming sessions). Every level is quite different from the other and very suggestive. Every level also comes with its own background music.The 'fights' consist in getting close enough to the enemy, and triggering the QTE (with the mouse cursor, or with ABXY buttons of the 360 controller). It is a nice QTE, compared to the average QTE in other games. During the fight you also can choose whether to use or not some powers (flash bombs).The Character can be upgraded and customized (although the outfits are different almost only in colors). The flower picking is not tedious, comes spontaneous while you walk around enjoying the scenery.When I saw the achievements....picking up 1000 flowers....I thought it was crazy. But no, in fact in only a few hours I did everything in the game and it really was no hassle. I enjoyed every part of it. It is the exact game I was looking for: it is nice, fun enough, and not complicated at all. It is a perfect game for children, or for grownups that want to relax from all the other FPS and action games, and dedicate themselves to this relaxing game. You don't have to reflect, you don't have to plan anything or else, just sit back and enjoy this little game. 80/100"
,Recommended,266490,29187263,Posted: 11 January,all,Jonabob,"Lots of fun, really funny writing, nice graphics. A bit repetitive but it's only about a 2 hour long game so it's not really a problem.Really like it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FkI07AQTpU"
,Recommended,266490,13838716,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kelocena,"My boyfriend and I played this game together and greatly enjoyed it (overall).Overall rating: 8/10Objectionable Content: Mild? (bordering on 'some'?). There is some ""humor"" that is questionable both in taste and apropriateness for younger audiences. *See end of review for details, including trigger warnings and warnings for parents.As far as the rest of the game goes, the atmosphere and evironments are absolutely stunning and worthy of screenshots. and the music is varied and well-suited. There is a bit of a Zelda-esque atmosphere which comes as no surprising seeing all the little Zelda references sprinkled throughout the game. It was refreshing to play a game that was not violent, yet still involved ""beating the bad guys."" So many of the characters you meet are adorable and hilarious, and have succeeded in getting laughs out of both of us. It is worth talking to all of them; they say some of the most ridiculous things. The gameplay centered around a very simple concept: pick flowers, though it was a pleasant surprise to find that it could be still be challenging sometimes. I would easily recommend this game to most of my friends.Pros:+ Fun, non-violent gameplay+ Gorgeous visuals+ World worth exploring (not overwhelming like big sandbox games)+ NPCs worth interacting with+ Nice soundtrackCons:- The aforementioned tasteless jokes (why it is 8/10 and not 10/10. they were pretty gross.)- Unexpected spike in difficulty between areas/levels.- Does not clearly state its save mechanism (it's autosave, btw) and does not indicate what triggers a save- Bit pricey for the length. I wouldn't pay more than ~$12.- No replay value (one achievement needs ~half a 2nd playthrough but that's it.)*There are a small handful of instances in which sexual harassment is normalized or made into a joke. Fortunately, they are few and far between, and most are easy enough to ignore and move past, but I can see a couple of the jokes being potentially triggering - especially since you would not see it coming from a game like this (we were very surprised ourselves). None of these jokes are a big piece of the game, but it's enough to make it not an 100% all-ages friendly game. To be more specific,TRIGGER & PARENT WARNING: Stalking (creepy photos of Lili and her butt in one NPC's place), Sexual harassment (abuse of power/authority), Sexual abuse (1 joke)."
76561198094086548,Recommended,266490,22743135,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,nix.skysword,very beautiful and great fun to play
,Recommended,266490,14219869,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ol' Frankie Blue Eyes,"I thought Grass Simulator was the pinnacle of gaming....  until I played this gem.Do yourself a favor, and grab a handful of Lili today.9/10 -No t i t t i e s-"
,Recommended,266490,18851299,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Charming 3D adventure game, suitable for children and adults with inner children."
,Not Recommended,266490,24352052,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Weeder,Cant change key bindings and setting the resolution is a bit of a problem :(
,Recommended,266490,14944263,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Lili: Child of Geos is although a port, a splendid game which relies on witty humor, good storytelling and rich environments and characters to keep you engaged. The general gameplay involves talking with the constructs while catching the spirits and playing a flower collecting minigame. The reasoning behind the whole world and the actions of are slowly revealed to the player as they progress and talk with the inhabitants. The game is a relaxing experience and a nice change of pace to what is typical of the market, a full recommendation for this game...oh it also has hats."
,Recommended,266490,30657685,Posted: 21 March,all,nachtmerrie77,super sweet and cute game <3
,Recommended,266490,14028625,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Aya Brea,love this game cool puzzle and  relaxing game and funny
76561197994129661,Not Recommended,266490,26550911,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dr De,"I was excited to get this game, looks beautiful and I really like the adventure games.However, you cannot play at 1920x1080, and you have the annoying reminder constantly reminding you to change the resolution to 1920, which you cannot do and you cannot stop the reminder.Finally, without having the ability to change the key binding, this game is mostly for right hander’s."
,Not Recommended,266490,12511195,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Pink Turtle,"Whether or not this game is to your liking I can't say. However I can tell you about my own breif run in with this game.When I first opened the game it was in some obscure resolution that my screens couldn't comprehend.To later on find the options menu proved to be a difficylt task. As the game appearently was taller than my screen but still thinner. So I had to click around outside of my screen until I got the correct button.From there on things just got even more cryptic. For in regards to screen resolution you do NOT have the choice of 1920*1080. Nor any other that fits.Furthermore, as the final nail in the coffin (for me), this game gives you 4 buttons in regards to mouse speed. Going from Medium, High, Highest and ""Tablet"".....The game look good, and for some it will probably also be a fun game. But not for me."
,Not Recommended,266490,13146109,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kryyss,"It is hard not to like this game simply due to its strong sense of personality, sadly while it has style in abundance the variety of content is simply not there. There is a bit of a plot here but ultimately the desire to return to the game isn't strong enough and the reply value is almost zero.This brings me to the issue of, ""Should I recommend this game to others?""That is really a very conditional thing because there is money involved.Had this been a F2P game then I would wholeheartedly recommend it due to the fact that, in short sessions, the game is really very enjoyable and is a pleasure to look at. The visuals and style of the game just scream quality from the rooftops and there is enough tongue-in-cheek humour here to put a smile on even the most cynical of faces. If you enjoy games you will come across such a large number of references to other titles it is almost wrong to call them Easter Eggs since the game is saturated with them rather than having them hidden away. The developers clearly love Legend of Zelda and other Nintendo games because they not only attempted to create an Nintendo-esque art style but they also added music to the game which is clearly inspired by games such as Wind Waker. They achieved that goal with such success that you could drop Mario or Link into the game world and they'd look perfectly at home.Unfortunately when it comes to paying money for this and wanting value for money from your purchase, Child of Geos has very little to offer. It reminds me of something that would work well as a casual game for a rainy afternoon but nothing more, as such I wouldn't recommend this game unless it was on sale for maybe £2-3 at most.What the developers have created here is really something which deserves a sequel though, while they missed the mark on gameplay they have set a new benchmark for style and quality for the visuals, music and presentation for an indie game. I sincerely hope that this isn't the last we'll see of Lili."
,Recommended,266490,14432937,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"Lili is a quirky adventure RPG hybrid with stunning visuals, silky-smooth graphics, a cinematic story-line, and a fresh new way to deal with enemies.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_hTIPEU9EgOn the mysterious island of Geos, Lili will meet a number of hilarious locals, explore beautiful environments, solve some puzzles, and even challenge an oppressive regime or two along her way. If you've enjoyed Zelda, Broken Age, or Psychonauts come on an adventure with Lili! And if you have never played any of those games, come with us on a journey which will make your sides ache with laughter, where you will get to know and love Lili, and maybe even shed a tear or two. - Recommended!"
76561198398942582,Not Recommended,266490,33107794,Posted: 1 July,all,techno62geek,"Nice graphics, easy game play . Very young game ..ideal for the little humans but not for older gamers"
,Recommended,266490,30803326,Posted: 28 March,all,elfpvke,I was going to write a longer positive review but the screen wouldn't hold still.
,Not Recommended,266490,10644873,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Spike1996,this game was really bad in my opinion. the gameplay is best discribed as a shiny thing colector. I honesly feel like I wasted my money when I found out I couldent get the green tunic. the only thing I can say thats good is that it looked nice. its♥♥♥♥♥♥don't buy itLili: Child of Jews is nice looking but a bad game and your an idiot if you think this is like legend of zelda
76561198014979696,Not Recommended,266490,23043151,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,chibi_planetouched_striker,"This is not a good game. Short and all the ""combat"" is exactly the same."
,Not Recommended,266490,32201984,Posted: 5 June,all,Jes,"Visually nice, but that's where anything interesting about this game ends."
,Recommended,266490,23244027,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,7/10 TJBs
,Recommended,266490,11126855,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Tim Timsen,"9/10[Warning, giant amount of screenshots ahead!]http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282697654This game is just like a modern Zelda. Except you can beat it in about 4 hours if you're a persistent person (like me).Oh and it doesn't have actual boss fights, just quicktime-event-fights where you have to push the right buttons. (Controller recommended!)But the game in general is just so beautiful and funny. Each character is unique and you'll start to love at least 3 of them pretty soon.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282719077Of course there are jerks, too.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282734275And yeah, this game has a ton of references to other video games of different eras and some other ""modern"" stuff.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282709019http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282726627http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282729965Some are sneaky, some are obvious.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282725783There even is a guy who tests Lili's video game knowledge by spouting quotes!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282738383http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282738919http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282739132Heck, they even make fun of the character's adorableness!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282728095Oh, by the way: HATS!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282712293http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282728937http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282731101http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282740323http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282763939http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282765265YOU CAN EVEN GET A COMPLETE LINK COSTUME! FAIRY INCLUDED! (Don't worry, she doesn't yell HEY at you.)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282805807Do yourself a favor and buy this game if you're into adventures that are more about exploring and having some fun in a pretty-looking world. Seriously.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=282725086"
76561198341938061,Not Recommended,266490,26446806,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,gamerjosslyn,I can't even start playing!!! I WANT MY MONEY BACK
,Not Recommended,266490,10150380,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Motoko,"Do not waste your cash, don't let the pretty face fool you."
76561198024329605,Recommended,266490,12036683,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,TUmaDO,"Such beautifull and pure game,i bought it and i just love it! the gameplay is very nice,the overall quality (visual) is awessome,very detailed,and colourfull,i love to walk around, the high defenition is awessome,i hope to see more games with the same visuals and gameplay in the future!"
,Recommended,266490,12039552,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,WonderingJames,"By the trailer, I decided I wanted the game; but I wasn't willing to spend $20 on it. So as do all (*cough* most) of my games, I bought it on sale.I have 4 younger siblings, and this game provides a safe, clean, game environment for them. As with most games, there was some humor pertaining to current society, but nothing that a younger child would understand. The graphics are spectacular one of a kind.If you are looking to spend your money on longlasting game, this game isn't for you. If what you want is a clean and beautiful gameplay, I would definitely partake in the playing of this game. Though personally, I believe the game should be in the $5-$8 price range, the game is definitely worth it if you have young children (around 8 years of age) whom you want to play clean games.To the developers:You created something new here. Work on that. Create a franchise. Ease of the throttle of side quests and add more to the storyline next time. This game is peaceful, but it could still have such a sense even if you added more strategy without exactly adding more challenge. Add more customization to the strategy. More than just outfits, but outfit pieces that contribute to a better stat system. Invest in voice actors, it makes a huge difference. Look into adding a better ambient/light-trance music to the game to compliment the awesome scenery you achieved. Lastly be optimistic! You did awesome!"
,Recommended,266490,12041271,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Madarashi,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as kawaii.
,Recommended,266490,12031805,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,niahflame,"This game was great! My xbox Power A mini controller worked perfectly. The graphics were awesome for my ultra cheap laptop. Game ran smoothly. The music was catchy, also. There are also in-game puns and gaming inside jokes. I definately reccomend this!"
,Recommended,266490,12031848,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Tokabowl,although this game was very short and a giant collectathon i still found it to be very fun and a worthwhile experience. I purchesed this game for $4 and the max i would pay for this would be $5 it took me 3 hours to beat this game and 3 star every person you can for combat. its a very short game anything over $5 is too much for a 3 our experience no matter how enjoyable it is
,Recommended,266490,12032710,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Mimic The Shadow,"I bought this game because I thought it would be an interesting, cheap game to try out. My expectations weren't extremely high, so when I actually played it I was really happy with the game. I had an internet outtage so I couldn't play any online games, but I honestly didn't care, this game is extremely fun, beautiful and entertaining."
,Recommended,266490,12062082,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Grizzard,"Save the Constructions (Wood People) on the island, of those Jerk Spirits ! Short but awesome"
76561198063386567,Recommended,266490,11871001,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ДегрядюицияВода4,"I was expecting a nice, little casual video game with meganekko heroine and that's exactly what I got.P.S.: That taking-off-glasses scene was just brilliant"
,Not Recommended,266490,11854943,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,mezili,"beautiful, but way too short. i finished the game in about four hours. i was really disappointed, because i wanted to see more of the island, and meet more of the locals. i walked across a bridge, saw a house surrounded by pine trees, and couldn't wait to get down there, but it had turned out that i couldn't access that area.movement is limited; there are set paths you can take, and you can see some areas you would think you could venture into, but can't. it doesn't feel very open, i never really truly felt like i was exploring (which is funny, because sometimes lili describes herself as an explorer).there's only one boss, at the very end of the game, but he handles exactly the same as every other enemy you've beaten in the game before. defeating him was a little anti-climactic, especially since he's onlythe mayor, and i expected some more powerful (both politically and in strength) enemies.this game is full of memes and references. some of the enemy profiles will give you a good chortle, as well.the way you need to defeat enemies is unique if you use a mouse and keyboard, but if you use a controller, all battles will solely be quick-time events. i liked how, with a mouse, you actually had to pull flowers out of the ground, but with the controller, you could just press A, and i found that significantly less fulfilling.the story is mediocre.there is no end-game.you cannot max all skills (to my knowledge).there are barely any guides for this game, so it's difficult to find help for anything not related to vanity items.overall, like many of the $10 games on steam, it's only worth buying if you can get it for at least 50% off. if you can't buy it, just go look at some screenshots - you won't be missing anything."
,Recommended,266490,12096391,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Wagon,"Its something to do for a few hours. Really easy, spent 4 hours on it and that was with doing all the side quests. It was entertaining for what it was."
,Recommended,266490,19279292,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,White Sheep,"I finished the game in less than 7 hours. It is an RPG style game with beautiful graphics. The main character Lili is sent to an island to collect flowers. There are two types of habitants on the island - spirits who carry flowers and constructs who serves spirits. Lili then joins the movement to topple the powerful spirit-led government and free the constructs.The battle mechanics is simple, click and drag flowers off the spirit's back. It is a nice and child-friendly way to present an RPG, while it isn't too boring for older people. For me, the RPG adventure and graphics is the selling point of this game.Unless you are obsessed with getting 100% achievement, replayability is low. According to the $1/hour rule, this game is a recommend at around $6."
,Recommended,266490,18969734,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Encephalon,"Lili: Child of Geos is a very short indie action adventure game featuring a schoolgirl Lili and her whimsical adventures on a strange land called Geos.This was originally released as an iOS game and it shows. The game can be completed within about 3 hours. It isn't a very complicated game and is extremely kid-friendly. The whole game tasks you to explore around the land while doing simple subquests for its inhabitants.There are some hostile enemies called ""Spirits"" that you will encounter, but because this game is kid-friendly, you don't actually engage in combat per se. The way to defeat these Spirits is to pluck flowers from them. Yes it sounds kindda silly, but then again, this is a cute little silly game in a way.The graphics looks gorgeous despite it being an iOS game and the artstyle looks somewhat like Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker although the bloom effect is used abit too much. Soundtrack is appropriately cute with little jingles and the animations are pretty well done.The over-arching story while simple and humorous can be unexpectedly dark for an older audience with its underlying story of slavery and freedom. Younger children will however probably be too distracted by the action to focus on the story.The game also features lots of in-jokes and item collections that pays homage to classic games. (Eg: Super Mario, Legend of Zelda, Portal 2 etc.) It can be quite addictive to try to collect everything and the game allows you to continue to play even if you have completed the main story.Overall Rating: 7.0 / 10A very short family friendly game that is surprisingly quite entertaining. While the game is probably targeted at children, there are some interesting treat for older audiences. Still, with gameplay at a very short 3 hours, i'd recommend only to buy when on a sale."
,Not Recommended,266490,19307357,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Add this one to the list of games I really want to like, but are ruined by a singular crippling flaw. The art, music, novel gameplay mechanics...Lili: Child of Geosexcels wonderfully in all these qualities, but the atrociously amateur writing ruins what would be an otherwise charming little game.Worth playing if you can somehow overlook it, but for me? No thanks."
76561198060966463,Recommended,266490,19297560,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,bluegoombas,Really fun game lovely graphics with fun gameplaya nice calm game to just run around and enjoy the games world-a lot of funny stuff can be found in this game-I just wish it was a bit longer but its well worth the small price and its not that short i just wanted more lol-in all a great experince would recommendwould pick flowers from a monsters back again-Goombas
,Recommended,266490,30637488,Posted: 20 March,all,Kechibi,"Beautiful visual and interesting storyline. It's a relaxing game really, where you can just take your time and explore the areas (which each has its own unique charm...especially the 2nd area, Splitwood, it gave me the Twlight town vibe from KH2). The characters are adorable and unique and speak silly nonsense at times, one even offers game trivias. The gameplay become quite repeatitive after some time, but there are some mini side quests if you just want to take a break from chasing spirits.Overall, it's a fun and beautiful relaxing game."
,Recommended,266490,19705811,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Greedsin,"First seeing this game I wasn't really expecting all that much from this one but right away I was blown away. The best word to really describe this game is 'simple'. The game has a simple story, simple game play with a mix of simple RPG elements. Again 'simple' is the one word to really describe this game but the one thing that really makes this game great is how it looks. My god, if I could hop into this game world with some sort of VR headset I'm not sure if I would want to leave it's that nice. Rich colors makes things pop out on screen and the great character designs really add to the game's world.I tried this game out of luck and fell in love with and who knows, maybe it will do the same for you."
76561198137672084,Recommended,266490,20081907,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Alex Bishop,"Lili: Child of Geos is a sweet, family friendly game that reminded me a lot of my gamecube and playstation time.... without the aspect of jumping puzzle.Pros:-no jumping puzzles (i mean yeah, it can be a pain for some....I guess?);-you are looking for flowers;-You can break vases;-You can enter people's house and take stuff in their chest;-You can wear different outfits, hats and have cute (or ugly-cute) pets;-The story is kinda short, so it's not a game with too much content or a story you really HAVE to focus on;-Nice soundtrack in the same vibe as Spyro and Jak games;-LOT of easter eggs. And because you can have a fairy as a pet, wear green,  break vases and ruin people's garden, I'll let you guess which franchise is the most represented in these;-No ennemies. The foes in this are spirits that you jump on to remove flowers from their back. Since you have no health bar, this is a minigame based on time, and you can buy items to make it easier.Cons:-No jumping puzzles, if you wanted this game because it has the style of our childhood video games like spyro, jak or the like....there isn't.-You are looking for A LOT OF FLOWERS. This game is a punisment if you want the achievement of picking 1000 flowers and 1000 vases because there is 1/3 of vase compared to flowers. I spent 2 hours more on this game ONLY to pick flowers, and I am at 500 vases... If you have no patience for trophies, this game will be your doom.-You can break a lot of vases, because at one point, if you want money, they are the only source of coins other than a gambling minigame-The items you find... might have a purpose... well, 5 or so of them do, the rest of the 50 you can ind are here for... I don't know:-NO ENNEMIES. I mean, when you defeated 3 times (I think?) a foe, it disapears, so no more minigame for you, and if you didn't do a 3 star score, no trophy for you. Also, maybe it's a bug, but for me when I press the rematch button....there is no rematch. The Spirit doesn't even show up on the map before I leave and come back. Or maybe it's just made to be this way? In any case, this button didn't work for me :/Even with all these cons, this is a very good game to play, if you just want to play a game. For me, this is probably gonna be the game I play again to take a break of the others I have played too much."
,Recommended,266490,22455659,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Snapper,"Game is short - I was able to finished the game in just 2 hours, and that's after completing most of the side quests. But it is still a good game overall, if just a little creepy."
,Recommended,266490,21828481,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LOUI5,"Truly impressive!This short but quite addictive game has good mechanics, good graphics, and actually an impressive story for a casual adventure game.I would recomend this to many gamer parents that want to introduce their kids to gaming, it's very easy to play, has good life lessons within the story, and it plays with a controller just fine."
,Recommended,266490,21809464,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LianhuaStardrops,"This is probably one of my favorite games in my entire library~!!The plot is crystal clear, the characters are loveable, sceneries and the art styles are visually breathtaking, there is a vast map to explore, the music is outstanding, the enemies weren't impossible to defeat, and there is so much to do~!Even after finishing the game, I find myself still fully immersed in the game.It feels like a world I can just escape to and it makes me feel so relaxed and happy.I thought the story was beautiful and even the little hidden story was a sad, but still sweet concept in the game.I rate this 1000000+/10, best game ever~!!"
,Recommended,266490,16603719,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Elle,"It doesn't take very long to playthrough, maybe a few hours tops (unless you want to go around breaking all the vases etc), but the graphics are so beautiful, the island looks great. There are a few places where you might get stuck in the middle of path or can't reach certain things but it doesn't really affect the game too much. I think the story is original enough and the characters are quite quirky In my opinion and quite likable ^^ Among them are some (Seemingly flirtatious) fish and wooden constructs. You get to do side quests helping out the residents etc as well which makes it a lot easier when you're getting to grips with things. I wouldn't say I loved this game but it was charming in it's own way, one thing I really liked about it is that you're free to explore the Island as much as you like during or after you've finished. I would say it is more suited to younger gamers as it's quite simple and tame, also you might find that the achievements during the game are glitchy. A lot of people have had random achievements being unlocked at different times but if this doesn't bother you I'd recommend it :)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=466277682"
,Recommended,266490,16610273,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ThoriumK9,"Fancy, pretty, flower picking fun?Didn't know what to expect, but the gameplay is decently smooth.Lots of atmospheric feels and decent skill system..Try it on the hardest difficulty.I feel like such a Pansy... (that's a flower!) :P"
76561197999717882,Not Recommended,266490,16616189,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Pyro,Crappy tablet port.
,Recommended,266490,16501450,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hotel Bones,"Lili: Child of Geos is a fun game if you are looking for a easy-going, slow-paced experience. There is not a lot of complexity to it so those that are looking for a challenge won't find one here. The story tries to hit some areas that I didn't expect with becoming independent and discovering what it is that Lili wants to do in life but it never becomes something that connects.The parts of Lili that really stick out are things such as the attention to detail as almost every room you walk into is something different. The world is also incredibly charming to run through as you hunt down spirits to pick flowers off of.Overall: If you want an easy game withe simple mechanics this is a game for you, if not then maybe go somewhere else."
76561198027975014,Recommended,266490,13845398,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Jellypopcorn (✿◠‿◠),"Just a nice quick review here.I bought this game because I'm a huge sucker for beautiful looking things. I don't really like casual game- something that isn't stimulating really puts me off. But I can't believe how drawn I am to Lili.The gameplay is very simple- you are on an island collecting flowers for your (school?) project. You have to collect red soul flowers from the islands evil spirits. I admit it does get a bit repetitive after a while. But thats where the beauty of the game comes in. The environments feel so greatly detailed. You can go into some of the houses of the towns folk and you get a pretty detailed look at how they run their lives, pictures on the walls, toilet paper on a tree-stick holder! With every new area I seek out- the more amazed I am of the beauty.This is a short happy game- be prepared to do things over and over with a little bit of rotation. But take your time, explore. Experience the beauty.If I'm ever to get the Occulus- I really want this game to be playable with it. I want to be in this dream world!Pros:ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL GAMENice soundtrackinteresting 'people'Sneaky game refrencesCons:Not a really deep storyEnemies are repetativeVery little voice acting makes it feel like a wall of text sometimesI decided to pick up this gem when it was on sale"
76561197977060919,Recommended,266490,14074207,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Dave! Yognaut,"Fun, Light hearted, Short, and has amazing graphics. I recommend.Has a lot of gaming references like mario, zelda, portal 2, ect for some reason.This is not an ""Action game"" so don't expect any fightings or combat of any kind.Was expecting some kind of intro cinimatic (or an intro of any kind) but didn't get one was just plopped into the game. Also was expecting some kind of ending cinimatic or scene but there wasn't one either. Bug maybe? I restarted a few times didn't get intro scene or anything. Beat the game twice with same playthrough somehow. Didn't get an ending scene? Just some credits."
76561198166118759,Recommended,266490,15848961,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,fullmetalashley,"This game was absolutely fantastic.  It's a pretty quick play through, and the characters are so endearing that I spent time talking to each one dozens of times just because I wanted to.  It's hilarious, quirky, and a bit sentimental at times.  The mechanics are quick and fun to master, and the art direction is bright and vibrant.  This game effuses life and genuine happiness, and it's worth every penny (not just on sale either)."
76561198055635487,Not Recommended,266490,16270001,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,thatmusicguy,I originally bought this game because it looked pretty and it seemed to have a cool story. But it turned out to be very childish. Still looks great though
76561198166068540,Recommended,266490,16822549,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sunflower77,"Pros:Good  easy going game with low intensityGreat nonviolent combat systemSmart, funny, relatable female protagonistFun, heart warming, and enjoyable storyBeautiful visuals and musicPriced just rightCons:Game play time might be too short for some peopleMay not be enjoyed by people wanting violent combatIf you enjoy video game trivia you’ll enjoy this game. If you enjoy dressing up like link, breaking pots, and having a fairy follow you you’ll enjoy this game. If you enjoy picking flowers, wearing the mask of spirits, and exploring a world where birds poop rainbow paint you’ll enjoy this game"
,Recommended,266490,16823770,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Seismic,
,Recommended,266490,16479220,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Wyrmm,"This game is amazing! I was glued on it and beat the stroyline within 5 hours! Im going to finish up the quests and everything, but I really want DLC's with more adventures of Lili going other places, you guys left wide open on purpose i;m sure, I just want to see more! =D"
,Recommended,266490,16485335,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ChelleShocked,"First off, Lili: Child of Geos is a very lighthearted game with goofy humor and pleasant atmosphere.  There's not much in terms of combat other than jumping spirits and yanking flowers off of them.  It's a very nice game for relaxation and exploration because the settings are absolutely gorgeous!  Not to mention, the characters can be very quirky and even hint at references to other games such as Legend of Zelda.  Overall, if you're looking for a cute and casual indie game, this is definitely worth a shot!"
,Recommended,266490,16457766,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,coastward,its gud
76561198014644228,Recommended,266490,17464613,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,xsboost,"My four year old daughter wanted to play games with me and all the games I own are shooters and zombie games so I had to find something suitable for her that was easy enough for her to play by herself when she wanted to. This game was perfect to fill that role. The graphics, lighting, environments, and controls are great. My daughter has no problem making her way around picking flowers and breaking pots. I only wish the characters would actually talk rather than us having to read text. Other than that, It served its purpose."
,Recommended,266490,17750581,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,sampirebites,"I really enjoyed this game! It was tons of fun, and I loved all the Legend of Zelda references. I thought the concept was pretty unique and the art was just beautiful. It was a really gorgeous game to play. I wanted to do every quest, and I have to admit that I was pretty sad when it was all over. I do have a few complaints, however. There were definitely some bugs with the achievements. I beat Monty five times on hard and nothing happened. I created a new file and that seemed to fix it. There are also not enough vases in that game. Trying to break 1000 of them took forever. The camera angles were also really frustrating. Sometimes I would be attacking a spirit and the camera wouldn't let me SEE the flowers no matter how many times I pressed the different arrow keys. That being said, I definitely recommend this game. It is very cute and super fun!"
76561198114892048,Recommended,266490,17735062,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,saodd_a,
,Recommended,266490,16880101,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Yam,"Worth it, especially on sale. This casual game is extremely aesthetically pleasing. I will stress casual- I bought this expecting something fluffy to play and I got exactly what I wanted. The story is also not overly long as I've played through the game twice with 13 hours and I reaaaaally took my time.There's a cute story to go with everything and references to the developers inspirations at every turn. You play as a young woman named Lili who embarks on a quest to deflower an island of spirits for her botany thesis and save wooden people from certain doom. I enjoyed that there's some darker themes to this game too- cannibalism, drugs, and murder to name a few.The fighting is extremely fun, you hop on top of an unsuspecting spirit and yank away at the rare flowers growing from them while avoiding being shaken off or hurt by traps. You can replay certain enemies as much as you'd like- and the bios definitely had me giggling...Go pick some flowers!"
,Recommended,266490,13632915,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,hellakink,"Buy it on sale for your girlfriend if you need to.Fix your config file to make sure the resolution is right so it launches.Menu should be polished.Music seems rather short, loops quickly.I'll know more once she plays it."
,Recommended,266490,13643392,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,doan92,I was happily suprised by this game. It looked directed far below my age but it was well worth the price (I did get it half off)
,Recommended,266490,13914020,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Pwni,"Great graphics, good plot, and simple game controls.  I like it."
,Recommended,266490,12182892,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,BlueAlopex,"It is very short, but I enjoyed the graphics, simplicity and quirky nature to this game (I also got it on sale). I personally always enjoy trying to get all the achievements and items (still working on it), but I also love Banjo Kazooie so that can be a part of it."
76561198083680958,Recommended,266490,12589503,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,FaeryoftheNight,"I loved this game! The visuals are stunning, the game is enjoyable and exciting. Warning though, the game is short, I beat it in 4 hours, in one sitting, so keep that in mind when shilling out $20 for it. Great game though, I really have no complaints about it"
,Recommended,266490,11392838,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,gg unit,"The game is weird. Like super Japanese and stuff.Saving grace? It was localized by hipsters with a sense of humor.7/10, mostly for the constant jokes they make out of the dialogue I'm sure they didn't understand while 'dubbing'."
76561198119617345,Recommended,266490,11281782,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Eel,"It was a short game that I very much enjoyed but, the story was quite strange... Picking flowers. ehh... as much as i disliked the story it was a fun game but not worth $20.00 the price that I would have been better with $4.99."
76561198037998776,Recommended,266490,11446327,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,species5618,"Not enough content to warrant $20, but for the $10 I spent when I got it on sale I'd say that was worth it. The game is gorgeous, the gameplay- while a bit repetative, was a lot of fun, and the characters were hilarious and unique. Overall a really nice way to spend a few hours."
,Recommended,266490,11446575,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Best Girl,this is a cute game. I adore all the wooden characters
76561198112188270,Recommended,266490,11280332,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Kazemarukun,"Lili Child of Geos is the most hipster game I’ve ever played due its ""Trolling"" costumes, treasures, and jokes. It’s a fairly simple game: run around the island as Lili until you encounter a Spirit and deflower them. I recommend playing with a controller for easier flower picking.  It bothers me how you can't fully complete Lili's skill tree but it isn't necessary for finishing the game. Overall I would give this game a 7/10 based on the world, story, and game play. Though this game is entertaining for a few hours with its repetitive game style; it is Not Mind-blowing. I would suggest waiting for this game to go on sale for some cheap entertainment (Don't pay more than $10 unless you really want it). If you like playing games where you go around collecting to clear objectives then this could be the game for you."
,Recommended,266490,11311966,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Broose,A short but enjoyable tablet game.  Get it when it goes on a supersale or something.  Do not pay more than $10.  Preferably $7 or $8.
,Recommended,266490,11351680,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Farseer Thirianna,"I love everything about this game. The story (however short), the characters, the visuals are absolutely stunning even on lowest quality and the soundtrack, ahh the soundtrack! This is lovely little quirk of a game. The characters are indivdual and don't lack development. Can't go wrong for me."
,Recommended,266490,30473248,Posted: 12 March,all,Kailyr,"A fun little game to waste 8-10 hours. It feels more like a phone/tablet game (which was the original intention),  but prettier, and will probably appeal more to casual gamers. There's not a lot of content, and the gameplay is repetitive, but it works for the context and length of game. It is definitely not for everyone, but at a low price, it's worth it."
,Recommended,266490,13542051,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LalaRee,"Super cute animation and artwork style, was a nice way to waste the time."
,Recommended,266490,13544973,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Dumle,Relaxing and fun game. The gameplay is basic at best but the world is charming and good looking.
,Recommended,266490,13172769,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,PrismaSlice,"A short, charming game. Mechanically simple but visually lovely."
76561198045080783,Recommended,266490,16115851,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,L0stLP,"Very much a kids game.You collect flowers, break pots, open chests and occasionally do fetch quests.You defeat enemies by jumping on their back and playing a minigame similar to fruit ninja.There is some fun to have here."
,Recommended,266490,25255043,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Keppo,"Nice bitesize game. Mechanics seem like they are designed for touchscreen device, so it took bit time getting used to, but in the end it wasnt too bad with mouse either. You can finish the game in few hours.If you can see past the immediate flaws, you will find a little gem that is Lili: Child of Geos."
,Recommended,266490,25929409,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,abyme,"It's a nice little game. I really enjoyed it.- no real problems with the key bindngs or controls at all;- pleasant graphics;- short and simple story (unless you are an achivement hunter);- music is a bit repetitive but still nice.Hope there'll be another game in the same universe.Thank you, devs (:"
,Recommended,266490,26109851,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,samm-eden,Beautiful
,Recommended,266490,26464604,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MagicalStarKat,"I found this game to  be quite entertaining,though it was a some-what short game.I wish it had have been just a little bit longer and had more things to do.However overall it was a nice,very beautiful, game."
,Recommended,266490,26574198,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Lambo,"It's a pretty relaxing game, fun to play"
,Recommended,266490,26123297,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,HeavenSloth,Never new flower picking was so hard
76561198116697980,Recommended,266490,15436622,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ddd,"""Lili is a quirky adventure RPG hybrid with stunning visuals, silky-smooth graphics, a cinematic story-line, and a fresh new way to deal with enemies.""Quirky yes.Adventure maybe.RPG no.Hyrbid wat.Stunning visuals yes.Silky-smooth graphics, oh yeah (GTX680).Cinematic story-line wat?Fresh new way to deal with enemies... ONE WAY.. Repetitive.Finishable under four hours with extensive exploration and side questions.It is playable and enjoyable although the mechanics are lacking in several areas. Story is ""whatever"" but the dialogs are kinda funny and targeted at somewhat older peeps.Dunno... Get it on sale."
76561198152955754,Recommended,266490,15447353,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Monochrome92,"just like a few other people, i purchased this game because of the viually appealing screenshots. it just seemed like a cute inexpensive game that i really didnt expect much from but was quite surprised by how fun and cute this game can be. its a very pleasent change of pace from the seemingly clone indie games being made lately. i reccomend this game to everyone, its quite the delight!"
,Recommended,266490,15340933,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,[MoX]Arken,"I picked this game up as it was on sale and it looked interesting. Gameplay wise it has an interesting mechanic. Combat is not overly complicated, though the difficulty ramps up to the point you need to be on the ball to get your 3 stars. The story line isn't the most original, but its quirky and fun. The art style is the best bit of the game and as another reviewer put it, if they could get the gameplay to be more engaging and imho lengthen the story a few more hours this game could be a huge hit. At the moment its almost like a beyond good and evil light..."
,Recommended,266490,15242170,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ellen,"Really goofy story, affable characters, and a unique combat mechanic. Really refreshing to take a break from being required to shoot/kill to win."
,Not Recommended,266490,16009182,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,terminalsecret,"Visually, the game is stunning. I cannot fault that at all. Unfortunately the poor translation, poor UI, poorly mapped controls and controller support, and lack of conclusion or drive to keep playing, make this game an outstanding disappointment."
76561198005260241,Not Recommended,266490,16246113,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Perfect Hair,"So I haven't given this game a full playthrough yet, but if this game does not change too much from the first two sections of the main story (and sources indicate that it doesn't), then I don't believe that I'll need to in order to justify this review. I bought this game based off positive review and what seemed to be a game with rather pretty game design from the trailers. And sure, the game is rather gorgeous on most occasions. What really bothers me, however, is that all the overworld design and assets ultimately do not play a huge role in what becomes the main goal, so there is no real incentive to explore the world at large. There are mini-quests you are able to undertake, but they are simple ""just find x in this area"" collection quests. Movement is alright, but there is no jumping or running, and speed boosts and special potions in this game seem kind of rough around the edges, ultimately not fitting in with the rest of the game design.To save the spoilers, albeit the story is rather sparse and easy anyhow, you play as a graduate botanist student where the main goal of the gameplay is to jump on the backs of spirits, and by using the keys (or the xyba buttons of an xbox controller) you must grab a special flower off the spirits for your report. It's simple, cheesy at times, and vaguely child-friendly. There are constant innuendos, so I guess it's supposed to be a game for everyone, but the simplicity of the game mechanics and the lack of content reveals the game to be a simple collection time-waster for a much younger age group. And although I would recommend this game for a younger audience, this game may never challenge anyone older than 8 years old.If you are someone who is looking for a cute puzzle platformer like I was, then do not buy this game. I'd recommend that people keep an eye on this studio, however, because it seems like they have all of the assets to make a great game, but did not deliver on anything substantial this go around."
,Recommended,266490,16239316,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Infinite ∞ Lemons,"For a game where you get to chase birds, get♥♥♥♥♥♥on and it recognises that an adventurer shouldn't just bust into someone's house.. It's pretty good. Definitely worth picking up on a sale."
,Recommended,266490,15559688,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Rumpleteazer,"Very charming and fun game, deffinately recommended!"
,Not Recommended,266490,15564544,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,chokehold,"Typical console port. No spoken dialog, only mumbled few-word phrases like ""heee-llooo-hooo"", but often pages of uninteresting text dialog to read. No intro (at least I didn't get to see one), few simple controls, repetitive tasks all the time.In the 2 hours I managed to play, it was all about breaking pots, opening chests and occasionally jumping spirits to pluck flowers off their backs. The map is a pain and full of unclear markings, keys that open all doors of a level can be bought fairly soon after collecting a few flowers, and most of the quests are pretty silly. Not just silly because all you do is run around and by chance figure something out, but also silly because the surrounding stories' scripting is of pretty low quality. A ninja sword for a pirate? C'mooon.To think that I could've played 2 more entertaining hours of Titanfall instead... *sigh*"
,Recommended,266490,16366791,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SUPREME PUNCH,"Superbly executed, especially considred it started life as an iOS game. Laid back, vibrant, and extremely well written, if you want a game that you can pick up and drop off without consequence, this may be the right game for you; although I couldn't personally bring myself to stop playing it until I completed it."
,Recommended,266490,12097573,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,JayTheBeeKing,I love everything about the game 10/10 :)
,Recommended,266490,12083135,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Raszlo,"This game would probably be fun for little kids, as well as for perverted adults - its full of masked references to various aspects of sexual life (enlargement pills, silicone implants, olfactophilia, stalking... you have it all here if you look carefully enough :P). but mainly the game is making fun of various weird life, relationship and fashion habits and also has a message for the player in the end.Sort of interactive fairy tale soaked with various references."
76561198023557135,Recommended,266490,14195896,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GoProneOrGoHome,"Beautiful, funny and featuring a unique gameplay mechanic. I highly recommend this game."
76561197994012228,Recommended,266490,14215483,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Santifico,"Lili: Child of Geos is a great little adventure and when on sale is definitely worth a pick up. The locals are interesting and quirky and the game puts you in a fun little zen like state trying to find secret items and chests to unlock. The only thing I have a problem with is it's a short game. Three hours long if you take your time and the game can get repititive quickly. But, it's the atmosphere and fun situations that make the game really worth it. Check it out."
76561198032167768,Recommended,266490,14220802,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,<Splorg> Splorg the Splorginator,"I loved playing this game. It has heaps of character, beautiful graphics, and a fantastic sense of humour."
,Recommended,266490,14221268,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,#YOLOCAUST,This is a very hard game for a seasoned gaming veteran to play simply due to its overwhelming positivityIt's difficult to describe using PC game analogues that the developers haven't already mentioned - it's quaint to play and visually appealing with a repetitive soundtrack (whilst good) and would benefit from voiceovers IMO (granted that voices may well ruin a game of this style)8/10 would pick flowers again
,Recommended,266490,14425402,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Roo,"This game was more fun than I expected it to be. The art and colors are great and it only adds to the game. It has a lot of cameos from other games in it and other stuff to make you smile.Cons: It's really buggy for me. Whenever I jump on a spirits back it runs off the screen and I have to wait until the timer is done to restart my game. Very annoying not only for me, but people on my friends list who keeps getting the pop up that I started up the same game again every 10 mins."
,Recommended,266490,14484196,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,thebluefaerie,Lili: Child of Geos is a simple and easy puzzle adventure game that makes picking flowers and breaking vases fun. It also has beautiful graphics and funny dialogues. =)
,Recommended,266490,14549429,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Arpaigeio,"Cute, colorful, fun collectathon. Simple but very engaging and addicting 10/10"
76561198126051431,Recommended,266490,14575021,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,chrislight55,Cheap and cheerful game with very good graphics. easy to play and very suitable for younger gamers with very little to make any parent or guardian frown!
,Recommended,266490,13214459,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,{CoS} Fusspot,"It's very cute, and simple. If you're looking for a short distraction, it's a great choice.I picked it up on a whim during the Autumn sale, sat down, and blasted through it in one sitting.I looked at it because of the visuals. For an indie game, it's beautiful. Stylistic without abandoning realism. Bright and colorful. Great lighting. The character models are also really good, and well animated for the most part. The NPCs do seem to have one or two looping animations that they run through, but there's a lot of different NPCs, each with their own thing going on, so you never spend too much time looking at the single animations.There is a story in there. It's nothing fantastic, but it isn't horrible. Its a sort of basic hero story; you show up on this island for a school project, and are introduced to a class struggle between the spirits, who own the island. and the constructs, who were created to serve the spirits. It moves along pretty quick, and the ""big bad"" of sorts is pretty entertaining to deal with.The gameplay is almost a QTE sort of thing. You run around the island, picking up collectables. Flowers, which can be traded for money, chests that have money and quest or cosmetic items, and vases that you kick open for money and achievement score. Then you come across spirits roaming the quarters, and jump on their back for the main gameplay, where you are shown flowers you have to pick. You pick the good flowers and avoid the bad flowers, and pick bombs to throw off as you progress. You can upgrade your Speed (movement, helps you keep up with the spirits), Grip (gives you more time to hang on to their backs), and Stealth (makes you harder for them to notice, allowing you to get closer to them before they see you and start running away). I upgraded Speed to max, and Grip about halfway, and never had much trouble. You also get scored on how well you did. Picking more bad flowers or letting bombs explode in your face take points away, and for every 3 star score you get, you get the spirit's mask to wear.There are also quests to do for the constructs. Simple stuff, like find me an item (in a chest somewhere nearby), go take down a specific spirit, go find and talk to another construct. They give cosmetic items, hats mostly.You get a lot of hats to choose from, mostly masks from the spirits, but a fair amount of regular hats or headwear.TL;DR - It's fun, really short, and really pretty. I bought it for less than $5 and I feel really happy with it. I don't know if I'd agree with $20, but for $10 or less, its definitely something to pick up"
,Recommended,266490,13263951,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,'工 レ ◯√乇 ㄚ◯∪ ❤,cool game =)
,Recommended,266490,13251245,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Luna T Nox,"This game took my breath away. At the start it asked if I wanted it to automatically set graphical setting; I said yes. It set them to the lowest setting for the game, but I would never have known if I didn't check what it set them to. The game lost almost nothing visually at it lowest setting.The games ""high mouse sensitivity"" is needed for the action parts of the game. I still had to set it to medium for myself to comfortably play with my specs.+ Great game-  Barely worth the full price though"
76561198025299573,Recommended,266490,13143287,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Mihoshi20,"Lili: Child of Geos is a game I'd kept my eye on ever since it first appeared on steam. It's colorful and unique art style and character designs interested me enough to put it on my watchlist. Having had the chance to finally give the game a playthrough I can see it both met my expectations and also took them in a different direction. This isn't your typical RPG by a longshot. You won't really be level grinding or anything like that as there really is no battle mechanic. You play as a botanist and your typical task on the island is to pick flowers. The best flowers happen to grow on the backs of creatures known as spirits. Picking them off their backs as they try to shake you off takes the form of a mini-game. I hadn't known going in that the game was a revisioned port of an iOS game, but it by far feels like one. That isn't a bad thing however as this game is beautiful to look at and the 'battles' can get quite challenging when thorny flowers and bombs are thrown into the mix. The game is also quite charming with a very unique art style I greatly enjoyed.I do have a few issues with the game however, the camera has a bit of a wabble motion to it that is noticeable which can't be turned off in the options. If you easily get motion sick, this may get to you at first as it almost did with me, but as you're moving around it becomes less noticable. The game is also dull in parts and repetitive. Especially at first but once the game gains momentum it becomes far more interesting. The game even has a fairly dark undertone which I enjoyed but doesn't ever drown out it's charming and humerous nature. The writing is a bit odd at times though with occasional typos oddly phrased sentences and punctuation errors that hardly ruin the gameplay. Dialog is easy to read and understand even for children, though item descriptions can use words a bit out of reach for younger players. The game also features an auto-save feature which can get annoying towards the end of the game when you're given two choices. I would have liked to have saved at that point manually to reload later and take the other path instead of having to play through again.All in all, I enjoyed myself while I was playing and genuinely felt myself drawn into the world this game created. This game isn't for everyone and I wouldn't consider it an RPG as it's closer to a modern day point and click adventure. I'd recommend it to ages 10-15, especially to female audiences or Miyazaki anime fans as it has a similar world feel. It won't be a length sit. I finished the game in 5.5 hours, but it does have a branching path towards the end."
,Recommended,266490,13230074,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Sphincticus,"Nice graphics and story, worth the money for a good few hours gameplay."
,Recommended,266490,13132409,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ivyorchid,Great game to play in an afternoon or two! Absolutely worth buying on sale. I hope they make a sequel!Pros:-Beautifully designed-Uncomplicated gameplay-Clear quest progressions-Lots of hidden video game references!-Nice musicCons:-Not lefty friendly (cannot reassign command keys)-Repetitive quests
,Recommended,266490,13133364,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Decaturion,"Super fun, so hard to put down. Great writing and excellent visuals."
76561198039391706,Recommended,266490,13216937,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Feinrel,"Sometimes you dont need to shot a single bullet at anything, you dont need claws and thorns, or a big♥♥♥♥♥shotgun to blow brains out. Sometimes you just need to walk around a beautifull plain ""im looking at you unreal engine"" feel the breeze, admire the flowers, and sometimes even pull those flowers out of some mean spirit´s back. That is what Child of Geaos really is, something different, and im loving it :D"
,Recommended,266490,13219159,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Greenwhite79,"Was a lot of casual fun & the visual style is amazing! If you get it on sale, grab it! There is no real voice acting though, so you should be able & willing to read. And if you threw a d12 you lose... if you get this u r probably too old for this game... or not :-)"
76561198040779063,Recommended,266490,13067370,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Shirayuki,"Surprisingly humorous and pretty adorable. Simple mechanics, lush and colorful world, quirky npc's."
,Recommended,266490,13115925,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,GiggleSquid,"love this game, love the style, all the game references and the innuendos the feel of the game kind of feels like old games and that is something you don't see often anymore but highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,266490,13047574,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Felish,I played Lili on the casual setting because I'm going to be honest and say I have no video game skills at all. It was still really enjoyable and the graphics were amazing even on low. I loved playing it and I'm sure I'll be doing another run through when I get bored. I recommend it as an quick RPG to get through if you have 5 or so hours and don't want anything long lasting.
,Recommended,266490,13159166,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Allec,"SUPER CUTE GAME. The story is enticing, the game play is unique, and the characters are super charming! I loved every bit of it and I hope they release some sort of sequel because I would buy it in a heartbeat!"
,Recommended,266490,13313913,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,EchoFederation,"I'm going to keep this review short. This game is AWESOME. It's really relaxing and the characters are really fun and interesting. Lili's character is interesting, albeit a bit under-developed. The ""combat"" is very low stress and is legitmately fun. You wont find yourself cursing rampantly if you mess up (at least I didn't find myself doing that). The only thing this game needs is more... more levels, more travels. I'd love to see DLC's in the future, although I know it is a small dev team. In closing, this game is fun, pretty, and may remind you of some of the old 3rd person RPG's from N64-PS2 era gaming (not only because of the references), it just needs more content.9/10"
,Not Recommended,266490,14725059,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Wise Old Man,"I'm not really a person that writes long reviews, so I'm going to make this quick: The graphics are really nice and the visuals are stunning, the main character is quite lovable and this game has light and dark humour. The reason I am writing this negative review is because the game was not challenging at all and the game was over before I really got into it. These things felt more like minigames, but with no replay value. If you are like me and don't have a lot of money to spend; this game is absolutely not worth it (I don't think I used the correct punctuation, sorry about that)."
76561198073488017,Recommended,266490,14717401,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,kittensoft,"Finished (including a few little extra things after the credits)! A super cute and relaxing game!A WARNING about a potential bug (near-end SPOILERS):Before the final battle with the mayor in Serfside, the background music changes to a scary theme and a red dot appears on the map showing where the mayor is. If instead of fighting him right away, you leave the area and come back, the music goes back to the area's normal theme and the red dot disappears. I couldn't find him in the area so I quit the game and reloaded, and this time the red dot indicating the mayor returned and I could find and battle him!"
,Recommended,266490,14789714,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,TrixieStyx,"This is a more playful and colorful family friendly game, a welcome change from all the grim and hardcore games on the market today. Its more about exploreing then beating up the bad guys so if your looking for a tough chalange then you might be disapointed as even on the hardest seting I blew though it in a few hours and spent the remainer acheavement hunting. There are no lives, no health, if a bad guy throws you off like a bucking bronko then you just dust yourself off and try again.The story plays out like an old cartoon, fun but full of holes. The characters are intresting to look at and some of the comments got a giggle but don't look for actual depth behind them, the game is incredable to look at and I could spend all day just looking around enjoying the sights, just wish a game that focused so much on exploreing gave us more to explore. I felt like just when I was geting into it, it was over.If your looking for a silly family firendly game to kill a few hours then this is worth checking out as a nice breath of fresh air, though you might want to tone down the settings a bit as its a bit intensive unless you on a gameing system. If you want something tough to test your skills and earn braging rights then look somewhere elce cause this isn't it."
,Recommended,266490,14838768,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Katpanic,"SALE ONLY GAME.This game is fun, and it is very polished, BUT it spends way too much time reminding you that it was inspired by better games.The majority of the 'items' that you collect in the game are unusable, often refences to other games, only visible in your inventory screen, and far more exciting than any of the actual usable items you will receive.The game is packed with arbitrarily placed invisible walls. Especially the first couple of areas. They've designed and built an exquisite world for this game, and then decided that they don't want you to actually explore it. You can't walk through a lot of bushes, jump on walls, walk down the beach, climb on roofs, or even go down some passageways. I honestly don't understand what the decision process was during this whole thing. Beautiful environment that is begging to have every exquisite inch explored, climbed on, and jumped over, but no you need to walk on the path.The enemies are unchallenging and repetitive. Not really a bad thing, because you spend so much time doing other stuff, but... well, it is a bad thing. It's definitely a weak point. It's not good. I at first thought that it was because it was targetted at children, but my friends kids (5 and 7) also think the enemies are too easy.It is crazy short for what you're paying. I cleared it in about 5hrs, and then spent about an hour looking for other, secret, things to do, but didn't find anything.After all of that, I am recommending it, because I enjoyed playing it. I like this game, and I want them to fix it, make a sequel, and keep making games."
76561198091363004,Recommended,266490,14816101,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,TallBuildings,"Fun, simple game. A game you can play when bored or have spare time. Nice graphics and concept. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,266490,14194832,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,disinfo,"most of this game is an appeal to other games so you can feel connected to many better games while you play this one.the game is the same stuff: pulling flowers off of things. over. and over. and over.no, this is nothing like psychonauts, or LoZ or shcaffing cream's fine 3.3 million dollar point and click.it's just a horrid phone game that manged to get greenlit onto steam.on the other hand, if you love being reminded that you could be playing better games, then this is for you.P.S. make porn of the main character"
76561198042222366,Recommended,266490,14683800,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Fruity,"I know this game has a lot of negative reviews, but I actually really like it. Something about the combination of the music, gorgeous scenery, and hilarious dialogue makes it highly entertaining. Yes, I wish there was a little bit more to do than pick flowers, but when you think about all the video games out there, many of them are very simple. Most importantly, this game makes me feel better when I'm anxious or upset, and I think that makes it worth everything."
,Recommended,266490,14732283,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,nattyrez,"This game is very colorful and unique. On the short side. Picking flowers can be tedious. The charm definitely trumps all of that though, at least for me! Had a lot of fun playing it."
76561198053696799,Recommended,266490,14783058,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Canida Periap,"This game is very beautiful and adorable, it has had me just roaming around looking at the sights. Characters have a very cute style and a good sense of humor that can relate to older players. A good casual game for kids and adults."
,Not Recommended,266490,14801876,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,dyxxon,"I'll admit I didn't get too far in Lili, but the gameplay in the first hour seems too stereotypical of the RPG genre, and the writing comes off as contrived. I was all too aware of the uselessness of the tasks I was performing. It's a pretty game, but no depth so far."
76561198128277337,Recommended,266490,14290129,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,aceofspades3ss3,fun easy adventure.
76561197965915023,Recommended,266490,14231470,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,LeNy_,bought it because it was on sale and man im glad i did! the game is very unique and relaxing to play.
,Not Recommended,266490,14232244,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Zanok,"Doesn't seem to be too bad gameplay wise, but I wasn't able to play much. This game crashed my entire system both times I tried to play."
76561198007140203,Recommended,266490,14235051,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Inirtu,"A delightful, colourful, witty, and charming raump.Good for an evening if not more. Hoping for new installments."
,Recommended,266490,14273265,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,AthenaNikeTethys,Thoroughly enjoyed the dialog and the combat style was entertaining.
76561198171117306,Recommended,266490,14274006,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Every MOBA Community Is Cancer,"Wow, what a fantastic game.Pros:-Stunning Graphics-Easy to use and fun game play once you get used to it (I used a controller)-Great interactions-Original Background, characters, and storylineCons:-Initial controller adjustments(Starting the game, the controls felt wonky but very easy to adjust to)-Game Length (All the hours you see here are how long it took to beat the game. I also play like a scavanger so im collecting as much as i can)All in all, this game was so much fun to the point i was scowering the internet for a sequal. If you have a sick day from work (like i had) or some time off, take a few hours and beat this game. Well worth the money.PS: If you are strictly a action/hack and slash player, this is not the game for you. This game is all about adventure and discovery."
76561198094376847,Recommended,266490,14276280,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,kmd,This was a fun game - it was bright and colourful with enjoyable and vibrant (but not intrusive) music. I liked the gameplay and the story. It was well constructed and timed (I don't know if you could have extended the existing premise any further). It makes for a fun afternoon of gaming and is definitely replayable.
76561198047225667,Recommended,266490,14248989,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Cronos2580,"I have a gtx 860m, and even on low quallity graphics this game runs poorly. I would really love to play it, in its full glory, but I simply can't. I dont think its my computer because its got an i7 quad core, 16 gb of RAM, and an 860m, and its even running of of a SSD. If anyone has any advice id love to hear it."
76561197972562729,Recommended,266490,14212457,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,SEO,"With 300+ review already on this page, you should be able to know what is right and wrong with this game.Meanwhile, I'll be waiting for a Lili 2."
76561198009795235,Recommended,266490,14228807,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Deutschi,Charming little game
76561197975628345,Recommended,266490,13966736,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,harlequintwo,Great little exploration game - pick it up on sale and have a little light-hearted exploration fun.
,Recommended,266490,13974226,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,franky,"A really lovely game. Something seemed oddly familiar about the whole thing, but it was somehow nostalgic and original at once. The island is a really beautiful place, pretty, and plenty to explore, with a great soundtrack to match, really cute. The characters were just as charming. This was a really fun game worth a few hours of gameplay and I really recommend it."
,Recommended,266490,14330358,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,80s Cartoon Character,"Lili: Child of Geos is a short little adventure game with a combat system that's basically a mini puzzle game. The premise is that Lili has arrived on a mysterious island in order to study plants. She discovers a society run by Spirits who build wooden people called Contructs to do their bidding. Her mission then becomes to help the Constructs find freedom by defeating the Spirits. To defeat the Spirits, she has to pull flowers out of their backs. If you're using a keyboard and mouse, you'll use the mouse pointer to manually pick out flowers whilst avoiding thorns. If using a controller, you'll use corresponding buttons (A, X, B, and Y if you're using an Xbox 360 controller).Inbetween fights, you'll explore the land of Geos, opening chests and doors and doing various side tasks for the local residents. As you progress, you'll gain points to improve your ability to grip onto Spirits, run, and approach Spirits without them noticing you (these are listed as Grip, Run, and Sneak respectively). This is how they qualify that whole ""RPG hybrid"" bit.The game will take you a few hours to complete if you do every sidequests (and by ""a few"" I mean less than 3 or 4 depending on how well you can find flowers and avoid falling off Spirits) so the $20 price tag may not be worth it unless you can find replay value in defeating straggling Spirits, rematching old ones for a higher score, or venturing into a harder difficulty.If I had to recommend this game, it probably wouldn't be to fans of Zelda, Broken Age, or Psychonauts (although there are 3 or 4 Zelda references that might bore you), but I'd be lying if I said it wasn't enjoyable. Still, the short length and the shortage of explorable areas keep the game from being the Zelda-esque adventure it strives to be.So ultimately, can I recommend this game? I want to say, ""No,"" but I had fun with it, so I'll begrudgingly press the ""Yes"" button alongside a precaution to wait for a sale."
76561198002864416,Recommended,266490,14242593,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,The Morgue,"Lili is a sweet and enjoyable little family game, hampered by a lack of polish and a rather threadbare plot.You play Lili, of course, a young student who arrives on a thought-to-be deserted island in search of flowers.  Once there, you discover that a race of beings called Constructs are working as slaves for vicious little critters called Spirits.  Naturally, you'll battle the Spirits, free the Constructs, do a little soul-searching, and save the day.The gameplay is charming, but fairly limited.  You'll walk around, talk to people, do fetch quests, and fight Spirits in what are essentially QTE mini-games.  You jump on their backs and pluck all of their flowers out, avoiding thorns and shedding bombs as you go.  Defeated Spirits merely run off in a huff; everything is very non-violent and kid appropriate.  There's also a gambling mini-game that is fun for a few spins.Sadly, there isn't much story to tie it all together.  It's clear that the evil Mayor will be the Big Bad from the get-go, so not much mystery there.  Lili's only real drama is whether or not to abandon the Constructs to turn in her project on time, and I doubt anyone will be very confounded on which path to choose.  Lili will also exchange letters with her professor that hint at some deeper family trauma at play, but it's only brought up at the very end of the game and nothing much is said of it.  Exploring that a little further might have added some real heart to the game and made it feel a bit more substantial.Of course, many of the game's shortcomings can be traced to its origins as a smartphone app, with an emphasis on sharp graphics and simplistic gameplay.  Make no mistake, the game is quite beautiful, but the transition from app to Steam product was less than ideal.  The game feels a bit unpolished all over, and the achievements are a total mess - some are bugged, others pop up erroneously, and many are tedious grinds which are completely inessential to clearing the game.  The game was perfectly playable on my end and didn't crash, but the whole thing felt rushed.And yet, with all that said, I'll give the game a mild thumbs up.  It's nice to see a family appropriate game on Steam, especially with a female protagonist.  It looks great, has pleasant tunes, and the writing can be quite funny in places.  You can tell that the adult writers were slipping in a ton of gags to either amuse themselves or any parents nearby.  It all goes down easy and most people will get a few hours of fun out of it.  That said, I got the game for 85% off - I wouldn't pay anything close to the base price of $20 for it.  Something in the $5 range is more appropriate."
76561198065407293,Recommended,266490,14244621,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,theonewithnopowers,"This game is cute and very beautiful.However its one of those games to be patient with. It's very slow paced and light hearted. Unfortunately its very repetitive and at times boring so its good that it is a very short game. I completed it in 5 hours, probably could do it quicker than that.  There are some ridiculous achievements with it that could take you waaaay longer than 5 hours to complete. I would recommend it but just don't expect action packed gameplay. It's cute and beautiful just wished it was bigger."
76561197979421022,Recommended,266490,14244994,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,powermitch,"Beautiful and delightful little island adventure.  Creative and thoroughly nonviolent, only focusing on humor and good cheer.  Not terribly long, but it was a few hours of pure joy that I found myself gladly going back to after a hard day."
,Recommended,266490,12253233,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,benthegreater,"This right here is one heck of a SOLID short action adventure game. The team that made it was incredibly small, yet has more polish than I could have expected from even a AAA developer these days.It's lighthearted, mechanically sound (if not terribly innovative really), artistically magnificent, and just altogether charming. As is the case with many indie games, it has a healthy dose of humour and 4th-wall-breaking, and more gaming references than you can shake a deku stick at. (I'm incredibly sorry for that one, that's my bad.)Lovely, lovely game, and incredibly ambitious work for such a small group. I applaude you all."
,Recommended,266490,12603211,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Stunt Double,Quite a fun little pick-up-and-play game. I rather enjoyed it.
76561198025798569,Recommended,266490,12893867,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,atlantike,"Cute, fun, but a really simple story and gameplay. Could have been a lot more developed4 hours to finish the story and most of the achievements (well not braking 1000 vases).Best on sales"
,Recommended,266490,12756605,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ajgau1,Fun to play game especially if you want to pass the time.Finished the game within 3 housrs  so  i think it's pretty worth it when I bought it for 80% off.
,Recommended,266490,12756970,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,LordLiquorich,"As usual with my reviews, let me start with the TL;DR version for those who don't have time to read a wall of text,""Lilli: Child of Geos"" is an astoundingly charming indie game full of colour and character. The gameplay is addictive but can get a bit samey, but, thankfully doesn't overstay it's welcome. While the $20 price tag is a bit high for a 5 hour long game, it's well worth a shot when on sale if you are into casual, colourful experiences.Now for the meat:Lilli is one charming title. There is so much colour in this game to help make the island of Geos feel alive, making each of the characters you meet another interesting addition to the game. Just starting off this review, if I have to say what this game's strong suit is, it is definitely the art direction it took with aesthetics, I couldn't ask for it any other way.The gameplay, while somewhat reminiscent of ""Zelda"" games, lacks any sort of true combat mechanic. Even the game remarks at one point, acknowledging the fact that you will not ""kill"" anything on this island, even the bad guys. The idea predmoninantly is based around the idea of exploring the town (divided into 4 seperate sections) on the island of Geos. While in each section of the town there are various tasks to be completed: from independant exploration to find treasures, flowers, and pots to smash; to completing quests the various towns people have - most of these ranging in a form of a fetch quest, disappointingly.The game also features RPG-esque stat building. These stat points are there to help aid you in the core mechanic of the game, which is finding, capturing, and defeating ""spirits"". This involves using the mouse to click on flowers and plants to pluck from the head of the spirit while trying to maintain your grip on said spirit by not plucking thorny plants or getting hit by...-bomb flowers-....This mechanic works well enough to do the job, but is certainly not the highlight in quality for this game. The mechanic itself tends to get a bit monotonous after a lengthy playthrough with this game, as well as the 3-star rating system that seems to be unclear as to how to obtain a rank. Often times I found a well executed ""plucking"" of a Spirit would only reward 2 stars, while other times I was fumbling over thorny plants and mis-clicking, I still got 3 stars.When it comes to the controls of this game, this is probably the worst part, sadly. There are NO REBINDABLE KEYS. while the game doesn't use a lot of keys to begin with, I had many frustration that the ""Interact"" and the ""mount Spirit"" function were mapped to the same key, leading often to me talking to an NPC, rather than mounting the spirit I was chasing. Additionally there is some of the ABSOLUTE WORST mouse acceleration in this game. Even set to the ""highest"" mouse sensitivity, the game seems to have ""camera smoothing"" which results in the games camera and character feeling very, very floaty. I figured perhaps a controller would feel more comfortable for this type of thing, but surprisingly it was even more uncomfortable for me to play with a controller than a mouse. This is something that I hope the Developer will fix in later patches. Unfortunately, if you gathered with the 3-star rating system, addictive game play, colourful graphics, and wonky controls: Yes, this game seems to be intended for mobile platforms, and I think is quite a blemish on this game to have to comprimise competent, and proper PC graphics and control settings to aid with the underpowered mobile devices.Before concluding I would like to mention a HUD bug this game seems to have, which is most apparent on 4:3 panels. This game does not feature proper word wrapping or font-size adjustments. Often text will bleed off of the on-screen button or prompt - this looks unattractive and very amatuerish.Additionally I want to make 1 side note: While I am not a professor of law, I think this game borders dangerously close to infringing some copyright, with blatant use of Nintendo IP titles and names, additionally a music track in Mill Hill is dangerously close to a track in the Sims 3.Lilli, with it's blemishes aside, is still a fun and addicting game to play. While the price tag is hard to justify for it's 5 hour campaign, if you find it on sale, I can't recommend it enough that you play this game. Give it a go if you want a happy, and very casual experience!"
,Recommended,266490,12622979,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,freidrichi,"Absolutely beautiful game. The gamplay feels a bit stale, but for some casual fun it is good enough."
76561198075114233,Recommended,266490,12789111,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,lansuxing,"This is a really cute game. Nothing for hardcore gamers, but if you enjoy cute games this should be something for you. I was surprised how much fun I had with it. The only downside was that it was over so soon... I would have loved to play a little bit longer. But it surly is a game I'm going to play again."
76561198004423083,Recommended,266490,24173382,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SkullHole,"My initial impression was less than favorable; The UI is severely lacking, the dialogue/flavor text can be nonsensical at times, there are invisible walls everywhere and the main gameplay mechanic doesn't seem to be particularly well suited for a mouse and keyboard (I'm not even sure how you'd play it with a controller...).But after a few hours of playing, I can say that the atmosphere/overall aesthetic of the game far outweighs any of the flaws. In fact I find the unique characters, interesting environments, quirky dialog, and polished visuals to be hugely satisfying! I now consider Lili: Child of Geos to be one of those unique/rare gems of my library (much like Zeno Clash for example).I highly recommend it to anyone (of any age) who's looking for a short, relaxing, and interesting adventure."
,Recommended,266490,24055623,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,maskedlord76,Bought this on sale for just a buck. Very fun and very relaxing. Would recommend 10/10
,Recommended,266490,24107394,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Fen'Harel: The Dread Wolf,"I really enjoyed playing this game. It is quite casual, easy  and short,  the achievements are easy to get too. The game has some good sense of humor and I ended up falling in love with the type of personalities in the game, almost too cute, Basically you run around, jump on enemies and pick out their flowers using different buttons quickly.7/10"
,Recommended,266490,24473312,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,saragracelieberman,"I'd say it's ok. It has some good ideas, and I want to see the creators continue."
,Recommended,266490,24080219,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Snolferd,"I can't believe how much fun this is! References, colourful and alive world, fun gameplay, upgrading. When I bought it for 99 cents my expectations weren't too high, but iz tots funsels.*edit*After having finished Spec ops: the line and almost dying of dem feels, this game soothed them, as far as that's possible ;|"
,Recommended,266490,23949458,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CryInVain,"First of all I'm going to start off by saying i love this game, be it short it was still very entertaning.Great visuals, likeable protagonist and overall a nice game play experience which kept me wanting to play till the end (which i did) the very first time i opened it when I just wanted to see what the game play was like for myself.Enjoyed all the refrences that you come across in game and was joyous to be able to wear a tunic such as Links, would love to see more of this series explanded upon Lili's choice for adventure."
76561198017862044,Recommended,266490,23790579,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,still_unchained,"Fun little game, charming.  Beat it in under 4 hours other than some grindy achievements, but definitely worth the sale price."
,Recommended,266490,23987039,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DictionaryWrites,"Lili is simple, fun, and I think it has a lot of replay value. The plot is staightforward and perhaps overly cutesy in places, but the gameplay is enjoyable and it's a good game to play when you don't want anything complicated or especially impactful."
,Recommended,266490,23858726,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sage™,"Relaxing resource-gathering walking simulator with a short plot. Roughly 3-4 hours of gameplay, know what you're getting into before you buyPROS- Beautiful graphics- Decent camera work- Relaxing and fun to play and explore- Dialogue- Easy, even on Hard difficulty- Relatively simple to 100% (if you're into that like me)CONS- Repetitive and grindy- Very short- Easy, even on Hard difficulty7/10"
,Recommended,266490,23869376,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bob,"I rather liked this game. It looks really great and it is a bright, jolly, casual experience. It is fairly straightforward, you collect flowers, smash vases, open treasure chests and defeat evil spirits by plucking flowers from them. The characters are cute and charming with amusing dialogue. It is fairly short but well worth a play."
,Recommended,266490,24050926,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Borge,"Lili is a well animated and very good looking indie game. Gameplay is very casual and relaxing, some bugs but nothing game breaking. The controls  are a bit floaty but there is no need for precise controls so i guess it is fine. Overall a pretty solid, nice and short game if you want to pick some flowers."
76561197993811897,Recommended,266490,24095012,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Smidge204,"I'll start by saying that I'm surprised I played the game to the end.Normally I'm not the adventure game type, and considering there isn't a huge amount of variety in the tasks required (nearly everything is a ""find X of Y"" hunt), the world as a whole is actually very well rounded and detailed both graphically and with optional flavor text and dialog. The characters are well personified with minimal (absolutely minimal) but well done voice acting.It is also short, and I manged to beat it in ~3 hours. There is a choice to be made at a pivotal point in the story so I might actually go back and try to take another path. Plus there might be some things that subtly change the ending dialogs. I almost certainly missed some side quests/characterization too. For a relatively short game they managed to pack in quite a bit of content.The story is simple but serves the purpose well, as does the crude level-up stats system. This is not an RPG to the extent that you need to consider min-maxing the few stats you have, and they seem to have minimal impact on gameplay. There are no dialog trees, but the dialog is at least partially context aware: If you encounter a character before you were meant to, often that encounter will be acknowledged during the dialog with other characters (eg: ""Oh, I met (character) earlier..."") which adds a nice bit of immersion.The flower picking mechanic (flowers basically being used as a form of currency) is a bit tedious, and picking enough to get all of the extra items (keys, mostly) to unlock all of the optional doors and collect trinkets/flavor text is a daunting task. There is an achievement for picking 1000 flowers and boy howdy do I believe that could happen...There's also an achievement for breaking 1000 pots - you basically walk into people's houses and break their pots for money Legend-of-Zelda style. That number seems to be a lie, though; The achievement counter advanced by 5 for every 2-3 pots broken, so I suspect the *real* number is 500. Still a lot though.There is no health/death mechanic, and the consequence for failure is being teleported a small distance away.The semi-optional mini game where you cling to the back of the ""enemies"" and pick flowers out of their heads is fun at first but gets annoyingly difficult. It is only required a handful of times, fortunately, and the reward for completing extras is merely extra masks that your character can wear.The map consists of six areas - one of which is a single room you only deal with for an optional side quest - four of which are 99% of the game. These areas are fairly good sized, richly detailed, beautifully rendered but labyrinthine townscapes in which you meet the characters, collect the trinkets and find the switches which are the meat of the gameplay. The design and styling gives each area a very organic and ""lived in"" feel despite the cartoonish colors and proportions. It won't dazzle you with blooms and particle effects but it is very pretty. The mechanic by which you move from one ""quarter"" to the next is *nearly* seamless, with just a slight hiccup as you transition through an airlock-esque connecting area.There is an abundance of invisible walls which gets a little annoying at times.The protagonist character, which you play as, is notably not an annoying brat, moody or woefully inept. That wouldn't normally be something to mention... maybe I just have far to cynical a view of modern adventure games.Finally, there is no foul language, sexually suggestive themes/dialog (not even a passing euphemism!) or meaningful violence - all ""fighting"" is the previously mentioned minigame where you sneak up on enemies and pluck flowers out of their head.Overall a great game and I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,266490,24067065,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,beruchan,"I've been keeping an eye on this game, hoping it would come on sale. I just obsess over details and beautiful graphics and sometimes end up buying games just for visual inspiration - which I intended to do with this one. However, I was surprised by how much I ended up enjoying Lili: Child of Geos. I'm not even entirely sure what I enjoy so much about it. The story is kinda silly and somewhat plain and it is repetetive with the ""combat"" and gathering, but the charm, though. The scenery. The concept. For what it is, I think it's wonderful. Relaxing eye candy. I wish there was more. We can haz sequel plz?Pros:- Fantasy- Colorful and cheerful- Beautiful visuals- Relaxing- Nice, simple menu/collection album- Giggled once or twice, because rudeness- Easy, smooth controls- Silly hats- Questionable charactersCons:- Made me sad that I couldn't enter the houses in the forest, and other doors with notes. If there's a door, I need to know what's on the other side- Repetetive, but my boyfriend loved playing the bits I didn't care too much for, so it's a 50/50 pro-con case- The main character could have been more interesting, or at least I would like some more background story- He didn't wear the beard- I, for some reason, expected different flower/plant quests and was disappointed it was just the one. Or, well, two.Still, this game managed to fish for my curiousity and childlike nostalgia."
,Recommended,266490,24020572,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MrHuffnStuff,"A neat game, easy on the eyes, and simple.I finished the whole game in roughly 4 hours, beating all spirits, meeting all friends, and collecting all items.I will say that some of the achievements make so sense in proportion to the length of this game...break 1000 pots and pick 1000 flowers? No thanks.Some of the spirits can get a little annoying as they're shaking around so much, I can't even see which buttons to press for the flowers / bombs. But I managed on.Overall, for .99 you can't go wrong."
76561198019003435,Recommended,266490,23971045,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ApoicA,Nice!
76561198010173715,Recommended,266490,23971251,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sir Lavender,"Thank you for this wonderful game! This is a prototype of perfection.The overall story wasnt anything new(the ending+the discovery of the tomb stone+asking that guys near the shore about it-broke my heart),but i actually felt so attached to the Constructors and i felt so sad when my adventure was over.It simply cathes you in that world,because of the characters and flawless enviroment and atmosphere.The quality and optimisation was on point.If we had voices for the dialogue it would have been 10/10 but i will give it a 9/10. Plus i really enjoyed the tiny secrets that are hidden(the tunic+the hat+the fairt of Link from Zelda)."
76561198064847986,Recommended,266490,24029118,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MaximeKraus,"Lili: Child of Geos is a short, but fun RPG with a nice story. It takes place on a island called Geos. On this island you have to collect flowers to complete your studies. This game has content for 3 to 4 hours. However, if you want to get all the achievements you will be busy for a little bit longer. I don't think the achievements are worth the time, but if you have some time over why not try it.There were some problems that I encountered. Sometimes the controls with the mouse were not as optimal as I hoped they would have been. I saw that this used to be a mobile game, so perhaps it might have something to do with that. There was also some lag between the different doors, but that did not hinder the gameplay. I did however wondered what the function of the outfits were?Overall, a very nice short game. I would not buy it at full price, but when it is at sale it is definitely something to look at."
,Recommended,266490,23999591,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Vannie,"I was skeptical of this game at first but considering I got it for cheap on the Steam sale, I decided to just dive in. I almost didn't continue playing it after terms like ""Speed Sandwhich"" popped up, but when I gave it a chance it really hooked me.It's an adorable little game, with fantastic art. I really enjoyed the vibrant environments, the cheeky characters, and the story was fun and funny! It was a short game, but I enjoyed playing it.There's no real challenge and it's not really an RPG, but it's a fun casual sort of adventure that you could relax with in an afternoon."
,Recommended,266490,24107030,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,CheekyChan,"So I've had my eye on this game for a long time but never got around to buying/playing it since I have almost 600 games. I watched it's Kickstarter since its conception as a tablet/smart phone game. The one thing I really liked about this game was the art style, this was the one thing that drew me to it. I absolutely love the way it looks. And now I'm going to throw in my two cents about this title.Pros:+Game is absolutely gorgeous, great art style, nice textures, some decent graphics, nice use of shaders and shadows especially.+The worlds are very nicely detailed but not too detailed to keep with its somewhat cartoony/realistic style.+Characters are all really nicely detailed, matches the style perfectly.+Writing is very well done, some nice jokes that don't go over your head and just nicely done in general and each character has their own style of dialog. There are a ton of hidden adult jokes in the game, it feels almost like there was a conflict between writers, one was trying to put in all these clever little dirty jokes while the other wanted to keep it clean. And I love it, the jokes and gags are well done and not too silly or too adult. Example:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=717972689+Xbox 360 controller support with two control options, MMO and FPS with keybinding.+Kid friendly for the most part but it's done in a way that it's friendly and interesting for everyone, even adults.+QTE's are fun when they work properly.+This game has hats that are not micro-transactions. You actually...dare I say it...UNLOCK THEM BY PLAYING.+Pets that do absolutely nothing but look cool.+Costumes.+Really well done music, has a Wind Waker vibe.+Get to explore the island after completing the game.Cons:-Very basic game, there's really no depth to this game at all and the gameplay consists of running around, talking to people, doing some very limited side quests and then doing a QTE mini-game to defeat spirits.-Controls are a bit confusing when using a gamepad, I personally use an Xbox 360 controller on 3rd person action games and racing games if I'm able to. Lili has some very confusing ideals for the controller. There is no pressure sensitivity for walking/running. I managed to get her to walk once by slightly pressing the stick to the side but that was it, only once. Controls for items on the UI are still showing keyboard inputs and NOT the X360 buttons. Double tapping A will make her run infinitely which is annoying when trying to click on something. Game auto locks onto items and people, I've had this happen to me a few times when trying to attack spirits and all of a sudden talk to a villager even though the cursor was showing on the spirit and NOT the villager. Also, for some reason while running, if you hold the camera left or right, your character then stays stuck running in the direction you were holding when the camera was first being turned, it's not a big deal but it makes the game feel a little clunky.-QTE mini-game messes up, like a lot. I had the camera go into other characters, buildings and walls constantly during the mini-game. Sometimes the camera would look ABOVE the spirit and my character so I couldn't see anything at all. The QTE controls also mess up. You can press a button too early even though you saw it pop up and sometimes the buttons change around for no reason and a lot of the time the buttons won't show up or show on items you can't do anything with, like all four buttons will be highlighting the sharp weeds on the spirit's back and you have to just wait as a bomb is about to explode. I've had bombs explode because of this issue but I only ever had to retry the spirit fights twice, ever as the QTE's aren't hard, the hardest part is the bugs. I also never used an item during any of the spirit fights. And sometimes during a spirit fight, you'll pluck a flower and it will also trigger pulling a sharp weed as well, it can be very annoying at times.-+Performance issues. The game runs fantastically for me and it looks great 99% of the time, but sometimes it'll just drop to 30-40FPS out of nowhere at the most random times, this happens in a lot of games, but there is literally no reason that a game this small in scale should tax a R9 270 2GB at 1080p, specially when there's no AA going on. This game also lacks a lot of video options, it has no advanced video options and no audio options. So a warning to those with lower specs.-Costumes. This is my biggest gripe in whole with this game, it totes itself as having costumes but every single one aside from the secret costume at the end is just a re-colored version of her original outfit. The secret outfit is nice at first, but then you really get a look at it and it's very poorly put together, there are a lot of sharp angles, her legs are messed up and it's honestly just not that appealing. I really wish there was a costume pack or something with genuinely nice costumes.-Bugged hat. I collected everything on my first run through the game without using any kind of walkthrough because I like to be surprised. Well, I found everything but one hat. The blue bird that you can get as a hat and a pet, I missed the hat, you get it from the cardboard axe dude, I missed it and now I cannot get it again unless I replay the game. That's annoying. I just wanted everything in a single playthrough.-The devs try to push the game as a Legend of Zelda like title,they even have an outfit and pet hinting at the seriesbut it is most definitely not. It doesn't feel like a tablet title as it was born from, but it most certainly doesn't feel like a LoZ like game. And that's not a bad thing, the game is fine and isn't trying to be anything it's not but it's a bit misleading to potential buyers, especially since the art style is clearly inspired by Wind Waker minus the cell-shading.-Game is super short, I beat it in a single sitting of only a few hours and got everything but a few achievements and a single hat that you can’t get if you missed the window to collect it.-Music volume. It is so loud and no way to adjust in the menus, especially right in the beginning. Luckily, it's got some really nice music, sadly, there are very few songs.Ehh's:-Annoyingly long achievements. Almost all the achievements for this game are just okay, I have no problems with them. But there are two I dislike; break 1000 vases and pick 1000 flowers. You'd have to beat the game a grand total of about 12 times if you were just casually smashing vases or picking up flowers and not purposely trying to get the achievement. I just don't have the patience or will power to play such a short game so many times to get two simple achievements specially since it takes a whole two seconds to break a vase when it should be instant for such a grindy achievement.-Hats just don't fit right, they look really strange on Lili, like they're way too big and most of the hats are not very inspiring or ""cool"". I just feel nothing when I put a new hat on her. Masks are fine, the wings are really nice too, but the hats just do nothing for me.Closing & Other Thoughts:Overall, I really dig this game. It’s not GOTY material or anything and it is a very well done port of a tablet game so don’t expect anything too crazy out of it, but it is a fun exploration game. Just know, you’re playing this game for the story, writing, art, music and characters and not the gameplay itself.The game has some annoying issues that I addressed but ultimately, I still really liked this title and recommend it to anyone who likes exploration, story or puzzle games."
,Recommended,266490,24235512,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Lyrian,"The game is very reminiscent of Zelda, but unlike Oceanhorn which made me feel like it was a pale comparison of a better game, Lili and Geos felt like they had a life of their own. The game is charming and while there was one crash and a couple glitches, it's definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,266490,15297725,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,SpatialAnomaly,"I really enjoyed this game, more than expected! It is a great and relaxing adventure in a terrific fantasy world, all ingredient for a few hours of fun are there!My personal feeling is something similar to what you experience when playing Costume Quest!"
76561198062483455,Recommended,266490,15299740,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,"Probably the weirdest game I have ever played. Very child-oriented, I think. It is interesting though, and has some dark points to it from what I can tell. I like it, but it's not amazing."
76561198038735008,Recommended,266490,15615823,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Ryonin,"Though it might come as a little short, this game is very pleasant, with plenty of puns and easter eggs mentioning other games. The story is decent, graphics are great and sound leaves nothing to be desired. 7/10, could be longer an a little more varied in gameplay."
,Recommended,266490,14995998,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Null-Cipher,An exceptionally charming little game with an awesome art style. A good example of how a game can still be entertaining without violence.
,Recommended,266490,14954231,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,letfireraindown,"A beautiful game.  With artstyle, fedelity, and tone consisitancy; Every thing works.  I don't think i've ever played anything like it, but it reminds me of playing games as a child.There is the mixed blessing of tone.  It was a great pallet cleanse to a lot of modern gaming, around the general tones of Disney and Pixar.  There is an obvious conflict and the ""bad guys"" are cruel without reason.  The dicotomy works, but it would take ""Game Theory"" levels of itching out information to dig the story deeper that ""the bad guys are bad because"".  Not that I'm oppose to that, I'd be curious.  Also, ""Living Constructs"" raises certain questions, but nothing in the story cracks that open.Very minimal combat, and mostly a game of tag that ends in a flower picking minigame.  I certainly think their intended audience was children, with the tone and major gameplay mechanics.I would certainly recommend this to other game developers.  I beat the game in two sessions (4~5 hours) before completeing a couple cheivos prior to boarding the ending sequence.  I'm curious if the choice moment allowed the other option."
76561198035697655,Recommended,266490,15070747,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Elberik,"If you can make it to the title screen, you will find this to be a bright, funny, & enjoyable game."
76561197998504206,Recommended,266490,14437151,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Red Agliator,"Do you love finding every chest, opening every lock, and breaking every vase in a game, the more the better? Try Lili, then--it's chock full of all of those!I find Lili a relaxing break: gentle music, lush scenery, and really, really strange characters and dialogue. I have trouble turning off the game, not because I want to beat one more monster, but because I want to talk to one more character to see whether there's another weird things to hear. (Though they really could use a good copy editor.)Lili is up at the top of the list of my favorite casual games. I'm keeping it around for grumpy days to lighten my mood."
76561198010997648,Recommended,266490,29412143,Posted: 21 January,all,JAY,Decent game... worth 5$ to kill an evening.  Had no sound and i didnt diag so im not sure what the issue was (NO it wasnt a volume issue). its a simple and short game designed for children i assume. graphics are pretty good.
,Recommended,266490,19605448,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,quixoticaxis,"It's a great game for a reasonable price. It looks nice (both drawing and animation), it has few camera flaws, and it gives you an opportunity to open a lot of achievements. Being funny and kind, it will make you smile."
76561198085675458,Recommended,266490,28980870,Posted: 3 January,all,gamer,"i already  beat the game,  but it seems that steam  did  count my playing timebecause i was offline.what i like about this game  is the beautiful design of everything in this game.  some complain that the game  is too short, but  for me is the  perfect game to beat without committing much of my time.   you have to collect flowers  to unlock the next part of the island.  the developer  really conscious that they are in casual gamers market, because  there are two ways to collect the numbers  of flowers required. 1. you can jump on the back of enemies to  collect their  flowers, this require skills and you can fail because the enemies can also grow bombs and thorns on their back.  2. for those who don't have enough time,  there is alternative way of  collecting flowers by doing simple fetch quests.at first i was worried that this is a kiddie game  because of the bright colors and  cheerful atmosphere.  fortunately  the developers kinda solved this problem   by making lili  a college kid who arrived to the island to do important class assignment.  fear of flunking  the class  is always on the back of her mind. so she  has to weigh her choices carefully. the dialogues are not just happy go luckywhat i dislike.possible spoileri won't recommend  this game  to parents who are looking for games for their young children. because there is  an option for lili to  not submit  her assignment and to quit school to live the life of an adventurer"
,Recommended,266490,15751060,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Adroon,"Seriously breathtaking aesthetics, incredibly simple gameplay, and loads of references.I'll admit, I thought this game looked ridiculous, but I was proven wrong.This game is a collect-a-thon, with an interesting combat style. Who’s to say simple gameplay is a bad thing?  This game is a breath of fresh air among the carbon copy zombie games, crude simulators, and all of the garbage on Steam put on by Greenlight. Even with my eh-quality pc, with the lowest graphics, this game still looked great. If you have few hours to kill and like quirky humor, or you are a gardener, get this game.Flowers are fantastic."
,Recommended,266490,29078940,Posted: 6 January,all,reported,"Its a wonderfully made game with an absolutely beautiful art style, great performance, engaging game play, tons of fun quests and side quests, hilarious writing, and an entertaining story line. This game is truely wonderful and deserves much more recognition. Definitely worth more than they are selling it for."
,Recommended,266490,28294615,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,VeeMiland,"This game is nothing but picking flowers, talking wood people, defeated guys with flowers on their back, and making friends :) how sweet, little did i know i wanted mmo and now a ♥♥♥♥ing childs game. I thought this game was gonna lit af game of the year, but not what it is. It's actualyl a brainwashing tool for the marines, We need to stop. It's killing our children. I'm one that died. Help us all."
,Recommended,266490,28583601,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Aliceluva,"I love this little funny game,and i hope for a sequel,because its for my personal opinion a bit short because it has so much more potential"
,Recommended,266490,28352359,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Keiken,"This game is absolutely delightful. A pleasant and eclectic mix of beautiful art, a great soundtrack, and a Zelda-esque atmosphere. It's short and simple,It's a short game, but it's an absolute delight. The art, soundtrack, and atmosphere are beautifully eclectic. It's a pretty simple game, but it's absolutely worth getting and playing through."
76561197980697683,Recommended,266490,15403528,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Cat Fart,"Cute game, fresh character designs, not exactly worth full price."
,Recommended,266490,14974131,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Nightmare!,"(mini-review)Note: I have over 40 hours of gameplay on the iOS version of this game.Lili is a great little puzzle/search game in the stylistic vein of Mario and Zelda.  Very well coded and dripping with consumate cuteness.  The game won't appease shooter fans or players that want zombies and gore but for an indie game, at $10, this game is a gem.  I finished it on iOS, liked the game so much, that I bought a second copy for my PC.  Recommended.8/10."
,Recommended,266490,28446994,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Wattrelos,My daughters love this
,Recommended,266490,28368494,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,theyellowjello,"Beautiful game (soundtrack and visuals), the story is real easy to get into, and the dialogue can be nice and quirky at times. The only issue I had at first was with the camera not following your curser instantaneously and instead it had a slight panning animation to it so it would lag a little, but I got used to it very quickly. The achievements are also pretty straight forward with only a few of them requiring just a little bit of grinding (namely the ""collectables""). Hard to believe this was brought over from mobile to pc."
,Recommended,266490,28080091,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lyzzie,"This game is MARVELOUS! The soundtrack, the graphics, the caracters, everything is so adorable on this game that makes you want to play over and over.The achievements are nice as well as the story told. I just loved how easy was to play this game, and how pleasure was keep walking thru cities to do the achievements."
76561198197918528,Recommended,266490,28685589,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,VanSven73,"If you need a break from reality and you like to hit the <PAUSE> Botton on your troubled brain.Lili: Child of Geos is sooo the place to go!I really liked this as a getaway. Maybe it sounds silly but collecting flowers once in a while isn´t a bad throphy to strive for.It´s a simple but nice story with very likeable fairytale like NPCs. To be honest, I´m not one of those players that need high end graphics, so with that being said: I really like the graphics off this game.But there are two Con-Points on my part:1st: The Music is kinda repetitiv and can spoil the overall relaxation (which I found in the game). Luckily it can be turned off.2nd: I have a different understanding of full controller support in a game. It´s not that the game does not tell you straight up the allocations of the controller, thats ok. BUT, the forgott to allocate the <WALK> Botton. ;0)So, after you leveled up your speed, it´s kinda ""Running Only"".I would recommend the game, not only for kids but also for those who need a break from ..(let´s say) Doom or other more thrilling AAA Games."
76561198062675114,Recommended,266490,28692814,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ninjin,A game that you want to give your daughter <3Beautiful lovely world with its unique visual style.60% exploring/ running around/ doing simple quests/ collecting/ activating stuff40% quick time events combat (not annoying like in other games).Everything packaged with good humor.
76561198143091128,Recommended,266490,28695213,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Agrias,"Nice game. No technical issues with it and was fun while it lasted. Although, not sure if its worth the full price tag"
,Recommended,266490,34944559,Posted: 14 September,all,[FA] thespockone,"Lili:Child of Geos is pretty nice and interesting adventure story. It have good visuals and easy gameplay which is not based on violence, you just need to pick flowers to defeat enemy. This game is full of kindness,yep. It it also have some funny references and rare mature-humor. Unfortunately the game is short. I beat it in about 8hrs, but there is free-mode after end thought. I recommend this game for sure."
,Recommended,266490,19475448,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,NovaNebula,"a very cute game about a girl named Lili and a fantasy island /world? , the graphic is breath taking and every character is unique.the gameplay itself, i found very short and easy but i would totaly show this to children i know, and i bet many kids would love this,the goal of the game is also petty uncreative i think , picking flowers, smashing stuff to get items , like we never seen that before. the only thing i really found fresh was the battles but even after a while they petty easy and boring, when you have done it 50 times or more,  but for how few makers there was for this i would say its petty good.I would love to see a 2nd game of this but with much more things to do longer game play and maybe aim a bit for teens this time. instead of 7 year olds, in a way i felt a bit like kingdom hearts when you run around on the island in the beginning.it dont have a great replay value but you can explore the island when you are done and maybe find a quest unless you have completet the game to the full .if you should buy this game? i would  say : wait for sales since it dont have the biggest replay value, unlike other games like isac"
