user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198002552924,Recommended,266510,32033484,Posted: 28 May,all,Zondi,"The priest that had begged me seventy times seven for food so the children could survive the winter was on the road ahead of me. I had all the necessary legendary gear required to defeat the king at the end of my quest or some mighty foe that would require a herculian feat; a mace that sharted lightnig, a shield of a defeated skeleton royal that could break skeleton warrios with a touch.The one thing I did not have was food to share, much less for myself. My choice was simple, refuse the priest's request to feed the children and see him badger me for eternity, or sell all my earthly possessions and forgo my own life to support this guys tireless request to feed the children foundation.The thought of seeing this priest one more time made the choice easy. I sold everything I had for all the food I could carry. I approach the priest and before he can open his stupid mouth, I hit him with my bag of food. We share words and he gives me some ring. Thanks...Now I'm starving and I just count down my days until starvation takes me, questioning why I even continue, prolonging the inevitable. Maybe, just maybe the old gods will deliver a miracle and repay me in riches and weapons for my charity.I stumble into a labrynth. This one seemed familiar... oh wait, there's a titanic minotaur in front of me. Well this is appropiate... I find the minotaur I was hunting all along with nothing to defend myself. ""Better than starving I supose"" I think to myself and shrug.I charge it head on to embrace death and glory. He swings his mighty Flail across its torso in almost blinding speed and strength. Either out of habit or not wanting to die (naturally), I roll underneath the attack and ready one swipe at its hoof with a craptastic rusty axe I found, but just then I am blinded by a flash of light. Lightning fell from the sky, striking the minatour and killing it instantly. Standing there with my jaw on the floor in shock I almost couldn't believe it. I can't help but start laughing with joy. The old gods actually came through and I learned a valuable lesson that day.Sacrifice everything to charity to get the incessant priest out of your deck so you never have to give up your food again.10/10 :)"
76561197960666064,Recommended,266510,14520174,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,GrinR,"Imagine a board game where the board ""spaces"" are cards laid out side-by-side.  You move your token from card to card, travelling across them until you reach the end of them.  As you ""step"" on each card, it is revealed.  Whatever the card reveals informs the adventure - an ambush by thieves, a mysterious cave, a helpful vendor, it's all randomized and set out under the cards for you to discover.Now imagine the cards are composed of a deck of cards that YOU build, as well as some cards the ""gamemaster"" stuffs in there.  You don't know what you'll get in your travels, or in what order, and that is the core gameplay.All combat is resolved in a simple, but elegant, action combat system similar to the Batman Arkham games (WASD, E to ""counter"", Space to roll, and sometimes # keys for specials) and it's fun.  Are you wearing a magic cap that makes your hits explode with gold?  Sounds good, until you remember that you revealed the ""gold curse"" card and the more gold you're carrying the slower you move.  Or not!  It's up to you.So far only 4 hours in, absolutely loving it.  Why has it taken so long for this kind of action CCG to come out?"
,Recommended,266510,32306687,Posted: 9 June,all,Araganor,"Hundreds of playing cards float in a rotating mass above the table. As you approach, a mysterious hooded figure greets you, and invites you to play a game. This is no ordinary game, however. You will be playing with Fate, the most fickle of mistresses.Hand of Fate presents itself as a seemingly simple rogue-like card game. Face down cards act as the playing board, and each turn you move your figure on the board to a new card. As you reach new cards, they are revealed and you must face whatever challenge Fate decides to hand you. It could be a simple peasant begging for food, a shop where you can restore your health and food supply in exchange for gold, or any number of hostile encounters. Often, you are presented with some choice, and based on your choices (and your fortune) there will be consequences.Combat is played out in real time, which is a nice addition. However, the combat itself leaves a lot to be desired, so if the rest of the game doesn't sound interesting to you, the combat will not make it any better. Most of the time you're either spamming dodge or spamming counter if you have a shield (although later on some of the attacks become unblockable). While not the most fluid combat system ever, it is serviceable enough and helps to keep the game more than just praying to RNGesus (praise be to He).However, what this game lacks in technical polish, it more than makes up for in style and originality. The mysterious host is always giving commentary, injecting a bit of sass into your escapades. This game is at its most exciting when you are discovering something new; even though you get to build your encounter and equipment decks before the game begins, you won't know what a new card does until you find it inside the game.I would recommend this game to anyone who loves good story-telling, atmosphere, and leaving your destiny to the whims of fate. Stay away if you dislike reading, clunky combat, or can't stand RNG.They say fortune favors the bold, so go ahead and try your luck."
,Recommended,266510,15206244,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,PlaneShifter,"If I had to describe this game with one world, I guess it would be ""wow"".""Wow""Few games lately have made me feel such wonder, had played many as videogames are my main passtime. But what makes this game so special? So unique? Well, it is a card game, and there are plenty of card games. It is an action game, and there are plenty of action games. And yet this game can suspend my disbelief like no other.This game just want to make you fell like you are... playing a game, and in this simplicity lies its brilliance. It does not try to suspend your disbelief to great heights and in doing that it brings an incredible immersion. All I need to feel is that I am playing a game with that strtange fellow in front of me. A fellow that, like no other character, I wish to pull of the screen just to have a chat over some beverages. Or maybe... a game of cards.It is impressive how a game that does not create anything new, but just mixes what we have already seen in a way we have never seen can fell so fresh, so different.As for the game itself, it plays as a roguelite. The randomness, the decisions based on your circinstances, the reset after a failure. Failure that does not bring the game back to the beggining, as the bosses you already defeated will remain defeated, but the entire board of the one you are chasing gets reset. Failure that can still reveal some minor rewards as you unlock tokens. Or even just comments from the dealer.And I press forward. Not for a quest to save the world, but for the wonder of discovery after each new card. Or even some old ones. Or just to spend some more time with this intriguing character that feels almost real."
,Recommended,266510,14569867,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"Hand of Fate is an amazingly fun card game based adventure with a hack and slash style combat system. Its wildly addictive and honestly some of the most fun I've had in a game for a while, and I intend to play much more.This game makes me feel like I'm sitting down for a single player DnD game with the dealer as sort of a ""dungeon master"", laying out the adventure for me to go through. There are a lot of stories to be told that keep fairly short but interesting, and will occasionally result in combat. The combat of the game isn't amazing or revolutionary, but I find it fun and enjoyable. I'm into hack and slash style gameplay and this game does it well enough while not overstaying its welcome.The combination of RPG, card game, adventure with some roguelike elements mixed in, come together in Hand of Fate to make an outstanding experience that makes you just say ""One more round""Pros:-Unique genre-Strong and interesting atmosphere-Fun stories and adventures-Competent combat system-Several different weapons, armor and accessories to unlock-Strong difficulty(Starting at about 4 hours in)-Nice ambient soundtrackCons:-Occasionally Janky animations-Flow of combat can be somewhat awkwardBuy At Full Price"
,Recommended,266510,14555104,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,BunBun,"I never do these reviews but this game absolutely deserves it.It is based on the mechanic that would get me to actually buy and play a video game based on Pokemon or Magic the Gathering. . .1) a card comes up with an enemy2) you actually fight the enemyThe flavor packet is in the scenarios, An ambush, a travelling circus, a hungry vampire, some of which are decided by your ability to ""draw success"" card from 4 shuffled cards.And if you can't make it? CHANGE YOUR DECK to be more favorable to that thing you need... food, gold or health.Insanely replayable. Insanely unique. Insanely fun."
,Recommended,266510,11128455,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Kenuty,"I went in unexpecting what this game had to offer, I was surprised by how its played and what it is. Very different,innovative and very unique.it is an  rpg/deck building/ action packed/ addictive card game that comes to life as you are dealt the cards of fate.The game gives you a hero outfitted with certain gears and debuff (Depending on deck stack), your job? To fight the dealer by traveling through his deck of cards and facing the boss.He shuffles and places the cards in random positions where you move a token across them to see what your of fate is, you'll have a certain amount of heatlh and food to make it through to the boss. Run out of health? you die, run out of food? you'll take damage as you move instead of heals, reach 0 hp andyou'll have to start the entire adventure deck over. You'll encounter monsters, Trap cards, Quest cards,shops to gear yourself, reward cards,  or even dangerous cards that will throw you completely off and thus could completely cost you the game.Since the game is randomized depending on what you put into the deck randomization will be what you put into the deck which is required along with his cards, After each deck either by death or actually winning you'll get tokens for completing every card's quests that is played and whatever drops from the boss. You'll also get rewarded with even MORE cards you can throw in the deck.After beating 3 sets of his deck, the game gets more challenging with Paradigm cards (This is what i label them), it'll reward you but at the same time buff your enemies up by giving them MORE abilities, more strength, or any other crazy benefits you can think of to beat you down, before you know it the game gets even harder forcing you to throw even more strategic cards into play. Items and such will help you but those are completely randomized also so hope that luck is on your sideThe combat is quite simple, you'll be set in an arena, you'll be able to evade, stun if you have your shield, or counter hit your enemies with.  Its very similar to batman arkham combat style.With what there is now the game is playable and has plenty of randomization and contents that you can really enjoy.+ Great voice acting+ Innovative and unique  gameplay+ Rogue-Like adventures since its completely random decks thrown at you+ Gets a bit challenging as the game goes on once you complete set, and harder, and harder so play your cards right+Controller support+ Graphics are quite decent+ The music is done well and fits the game+ Voice acting from the dealer is fantastic, he is so vibrant and speaks so much.+ REPLAYABILITY  = PLENTY with endless mode.+ Good writing and lore on the cards, very intresting cards+ Good variety of enemies, and cards that will kick your♥♥♥♥♥+ The best polished work I've invested in from an early access game which didn't require me to place anymore cons about the game, I love it.Con- Only the Camera can beat you if it twist in a strange direction.- Some battle could be fustrating, Very fustrating near the end if your luck hits rock bottom. ROCK BOTTOM ! lol.Others+-Try playing with a controller, It might be easier for some of you the handle works great equally with kb + m now.+- Dlc content comes out later on, Cannot wait+- Worth every penny"
,Recommended,266510,20027414,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Chewable C++,"This is theabridgedreview. Thefullreview exceeded Steam's review character limit twofold, so I have published it as a ""guide"" instead. The full review contains additional sections that explain and analyze the game in more detail:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=585997734Hand of Fate is a rare beast indeed - asuccessfulgenre blend! It is simultaneously a proof of concept and a masterpiece. It is something truly unique and wonderful.The genre blend is so unusual, that the gameplay is very difficult to explain succinctly. But, I shall try:Hand of Fate is an RPG card game rogue-lite with an interesting Four Card Monte mechanic and simple, but fun brawl style combat.Yeah. It's hard to know exactly what that means, but if you'd like to know more, then go ahead and read the Gameplay Explained section below.Besides the engaging gameplay, Hand of Fate has superb art and animation, music and sound, expertly combined into a highly atmospheric, immersive experience.In short, Ihighlyrecommend it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=586012076Should You Buy It?Yes! Well... probably! It's a bargain at the current sale price, and quite well worth it at full price also.But, here are a few reasons why you might want to stay away:* If you really hate reading. You'll have to do a decent amount here.* If you really, really hate roguelikes. Single sessions are fairly short, except for endgame Endless Mode (there is autosave).* If you are allergic to repetition. Yes, there will be some repetition per the nature of this genre mix, but I think it's entirely tolerable, and unavoidable given the nature of the genres.* If you can't stomach the idea that a little grinding may be required to unlock everything and/or 100% the game. If you aren't an obsessive completionist, however, this won't be a problem at all! If you are, it will take you about 50-100 hours to unlock all achievements.* If you can't stand a video game character occasionally insulting you (masochists, take note).Otherwise, you have every reason to play the game, especially:* If you want to try something different* If you like indie games with high production values and great atmosphere* If you like card and/or board games* If you like brawling style combat* If you like rogue-likes and games with high replay value* If you like collecting/unlocking mechanics in gamesWhat about the DLC?Basically, you don't need it to start with. It's more for expanding endgame possibilities. See full review for more details."
76561198119934051,Recommended,266510,31298757,Posted: 22 April,all,copperlee1,"Hand of Fate is a relaxing little game, which deserves to be recommended.Firstly, what is Hand of Fate? The game is somewhat unorthodox, as it is a mixture of genre. It's a ""marriage"" of a card game, a dungeon crawler and an rpg. HoF is mostly a card game, where you create and use your own deck of cards. It's also a dungeon game, the style of ""dungeon master"". You play with the dealer, who reveals the environment before you. A map constitutes of cards and when you move onto the next card you reveal it and face the adventure or the event described on that card. When you face combat, a separate level design opens up, where you move your character freely and fight mobs. The combat system is extremely simple, which is not necessarily a bad thing.What's absolutely fantastic about HoF is the atmosphere created. It's magestic, mysterious, with dim light and a shady dealer commenting on your actions. The game certainly has the wow factor, especially when you first launch it. In a sense, it's eye-candy. The voice acting of the dealer is very well made. The buttons and graphics are excellent, the art on the cards really impressive. The dealer's pot is awesome and that sound when he reaches for the token and closes the pot, the token then hovers in the air avaiting for you to take possession of it. Attention to details is commendable.The game system is very very well balanced. It really is. It's simply, but well thought out. As you make choices, it's all about risk and return. It's simple, it's fun, it's relaxing.On the downside, when you play HoF for some time you realize it is shallow. I hate to say it. You play matches with the dealer and unlock new cards. Then you need to use the cards in practice to learn them. You need to progress in that manner, unlock better equipment to deal with stronger bosses. Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Purely repetitive. There is, sadly, nothing more than that in this game.That doesn't change the general recommendation for this game. It's good, it's definiately worth getting and I believe you are guaranteed to enjoy it.I've read that HoF2 is under development. Definialy a good decision. The game has a lot of potential. Let's just hope that they will bring more depth to the game."
,Recommended,266510,13517016,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,raixel,"This game is hard to explain. To call it a ""card based RPG"" is a misnomer, even though thats what it is. Its kind of like playing those old RPG board games like HeroQuest, mixed with the Lone Wolf books, mixed with an ARPG. Its really unique. I'm an old jaded gamer and Ive never seen anything like this. Its awesome.Basically, you have a deck of cards, your opponent (a mage who you are playing against and who narrates the story - I think the voice is the narrator from Fable 2 but Im not sure) has a deck of cards (encounter cards). He lays out encounter cards face down, and you move a token across them, choosing where you go. When you land on a card, it is flipped over and an encounter ensues. Sometimes its good, sometimes its bad, and sometimes its combat. Sometimes it can be good or bad depending on what you choose to do and what card you draw (success, failure ect). There are item cards, weapon cards, armor cards.As you move through the levels you gain more cards. At the end of each sequence, you start a new one and can build your deck based on the cards you won in the last deck. You also build your encounter deck, as you win new encounter cards as well.Combat is resolved in a 3rd person ARPG style. Sometimes theres traps and environmental hazards as well. Its pretty simple, attack, counter, block, roll. You can also get power ups/downs and special one-use cards. Its really fun. It doesnt take a whole lot of strategy at first, but the enemies and maps do get more complex as you go. Certain attacks cant be blocked or countered and must be avoided, some enemies have ranged attacks, and so forth.My biggest complaint is that the camera is fixed, which can be a big pain in certain areas. A ""maze of traps"" where you are dodging flames and spears comes to mind, as well as in encounters where you cant see the enemies attacking you from off screen because you cant rotate the camera to look at them.That is pretty much the major flaw of the game. Fixed cameras in ARPGs are not a good idea. Fortunately, its reltively minor and since the game is still in E.A. at the time of this writing, maybe it'll be implemented later.That shouldnt stop you from getting this unique and awesome game, though."
,Not Recommended,266510,14831111,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,velmi,"Before you dive into positive reviews take a look at amount of time reviewers spent in this game. Most of them have approx. 6 hours and I would leave positive review too if I didn't spent a bit more time in this game.Only 2.6% of player base completed this game and there is reason behind this. The more you play the more game becomes annoying rather than enjoying. Yes, narrator's voice is beatiful, music is beatufil too, aesthetics is good, but this game some serious gameplay problems.First of all, the way diffuclty inrecreases is absolutly irratating - new ""event"" cards become a lot more diffulty in terms of randomness or difficulty of combat. For example, there is event card which will reduce your max HP by 66% if you fail to pass 25% roll. So you can have almost a perfect run and ruin it just by failing this event. And it's a pretty big deal, because it's not like winning an event grants you perma win, you work really hard trying to accumilate as much equipment as possible, but it still wouldn't be enough to win a final fight, becase of this - the combat system is really bad.When you play for the first time, combat seems fine, of course, it's not outstanding, but it's fine for this type of game, but later, when you unlock more events, combat becomes pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ because there is a huge change that you face a pretty big amount of tough enemies while wielding ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rusty axe. And it's boring. It's boring to fight 6 enemies when each of them requires at least 20 hits to kill. I'm not even taking in consideration fact that you can encounter mini-bosses who will heal allies and has twice as much hp.There is no variety in weapons - no 2h weapons, no duals, no ranged - only 1h and shield. All bosses have pretty much the same skill set, there is also no variety in that. There is also very annoying things like ""unblockable"" attacks and amount of enemies who can do that increases with amount you play, it's verry annoing because some of them is faster then your counter attack animation so it can lead to a situation where you receive almost guarnteed damage, combine it with fact that combo counter (thing that will increase your damage for some weapons) seems to be broken because it  sometimes resets when you roll (the only way to dodge unblockable attack) and sometimes it's not, sometimes you can make a few steps with combo still active, sometimes it's resets when you stop attacking for a few moments.For me this game feels like pretty mediocore early access title, it needs a lot more polishing and variety which is not the case right now.Buy it only if you want to enjoy narrator's voice and music for 6h hours and then never launch it again."
,Recommended,266510,15221808,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,snowdrop,"One line verdict:A very pleasant surprise, mixing light combat with rpg, and deckbuilding elements. Grab it if it sounds right, because it is.Pros:- Excellent and fresh concept: The mix works well, giving the player some of all worlds.Marvelousvoice acting: Top notch and plenty of commentary from the GM. This is how it should be done.- Gorgeous graphics of the cards and coherent one within the 3d-fighting world.- Well written cards with sometimes alternate texts, the perfect amount of reading required.- A real chance to influence the random elements of the game when you draw one of four cards that were shuffled.- Plays really well with PC xbox-gamepad controller. I recommend using a gamepad for this.- It's fun! Yups, that counts...Cons:- Feels little too easy the first 3-4 chapters, but becomes harder, and that's in the very start of the game.- Lacks adjustable difficulty settings, but makes that in part up by having an eternal mode. The game is geared towards the casual leaning to intermediate player or the experienced ones searching for some fun and well paced action. Hence, this doesn't have to be a con.- The combat system could possibly have gotten an overhaul for the more demanding players: It's somewhat too simplistic even if it is indeed challenging in it's own right. Feels too static now despite the fact that this wasn't ever aiming to be the next Arkham et.c.- When the shuffle is done it is sometimes impossible to understand where the card went mainly to how the shuffling is represented.Want:- Workshop support: Let the community create custom cards and/or campaigns. The game will never die then and keep getting followers.- DLC:s - this game has way more to offer within the already established framework. I'm certain that those who enjoyed it will want more of it."
,Recommended,266510,12770279,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Celtillus,"On the last level my max health was cursed down to 35% and I was damaged to about 5, and THEN I pulled a curse card that disabled any kind of healing. I looked at my food: 1 left.""♥♥♥♥ it"". I moved to the next card.The next draw was ""Nymphs of the Sweetwoods"", or what I call the ""FEMA Check card"", which removes all curses and blessings, resets your food to 10, removes all gold, and replaces your equipment with the starting equipment from the 1st level.I fought the final boss with a rusty axe and won.10/10"
,Recommended,266510,14588468,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"On my forth game, after one of the starting deck cards appears for the 4th game in a row, the dealer says ""I am starting to think you left this card in there so you can easily get a shield"".Game of the year."
76561198072606069,Not Recommended,266510,14414627,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Gary demonic,"I'm going to try and be as thorough as I can with this review. I've been playing the game since before it was released on steam. I think that now they've made it clear the game is almost finished I'm going to explain why this game is FAR from finished.Let me start out by saying that I'm an old gamer, yeah an old guy still playing games. So, the definition of what was and what is now considered a ROGUE-like are two completely different animals. The old rogue-likes were fun games were you crawled a dungeon in search of treasure and weapons much like the new ones. After that the definition has changed. Old rogue-likes required you to use your wits to advance your character in such a way that you could accomplish your goals as long as you played your cards right ""no pun intended"". The new rogue likes are a smorgasbord of take it up the proverbial gluteus without any way to counter/block/prepare or even chance your way out of a situation. This growing trend of masochistic (why people think it is) enjoyment has literally turned rogue like games that could have been great from games that lasted weeks, months, & years into ones that only last a few hours, days, or weeks. That’s if you're willing to deal with them for that long.This game has (with a quickly closing window of opportunity) great potential. Its play style is great, the graphics are excellent, and the concept is really good. The issue is with the little faults in mechanics that destroy its greatness. The little bits of masochistic garbage that has been added in because of the fan boys that have demanded more challenge.  There are cards that instantly reduce your health by 50% with no way to counter them. Cards that do the same for food, max-health, or take your highest priced item with no way for you to stop it from happening. In 3-4 turns you can go from having 150 health, 60 food, and a good weapon down to having 24 max-health, 6 food, and your weapon stolen. Every one of these things under the frustration of them being uncounterable. I’ve died almost 9/10 times in this… game due to starvation because if you get food you lose food. If you have food it’s instantly screwed over.I’ll come right out and say this, the card shuffling challenges (once again due to whining fan boys) are plain and simply garbage. Yeah sure you can do them at lower levels (maybe level 1-4). After that it becomes a 100% guessing game because the cards move so fast, are undetectable in their sequence when going that fast, and shuffle 2-3 times. The card shuffling is just plain bad. It’s not novel at all, and in my honest opinion it detracts from the game. Aside from that I’m not even sure what they could do to replace it. I understand the frustration of trying to come up with a type of skill challenge were cards are involved, but there has to be something better than a crappy shifting cups knock off. I’ve played the game for some time now hoping they’d come up with something better, or at least improve on the current style. To my dismay it not only didn’t get any better but worse because fan boys asking for the cards to go faster (stating it was to EASY for them to spot the winning cards).This leads me into my next complaint. Multiple people on these forums have asked for game modes (AKA easy, hard, expert, & Masochistic). Apparently the Devs refuse to acknowledge these requests. Who knows, it’s possible that these modes will be added on the final release, but it’s starting to look like the compass isn’t point north on this happening.This game is looking more like a game of luck than a game of skill, and because of that I just can’t endorse it. My heart bleeds for how much I so wished this game wouldn’t become another modern aged rogue-like. Bosses and mobs that Spam the same unblockable attack over and over again. Many of them don’t even give you enough warning to even say you’ve been warned (AKA rat men). Controls that are unresponsive in many cases. Fire shooting Lizard-man that do massive damage to you in one hit if you even miss one of their projectiles.In closing I could go into intricate detail on certain cards that are extremely annoying in this game. Why they literally♥♥♥♥♥♥me off every time I see them, and why they’re the reason this game is more of a chore then a fun experience. Every patch they’ve come out with since its release on steam has fixed some things, but destroyed others. As stated in the beginning this game is FAR from finnished. So much potential in a game from a group of programmers that could have made something extremely great instead of what is starting to look like a money grab that is falling short of its glory because of masochistic fan boys.added 2/12/2015 after morgan's post on 2/10/2015I see that you’re passionate about the game. Hearing that it will eventually have game modes is a good thing. Especially for people that don’t like the over the top “luck based” system that is currently offered. I can see your point that many will consider this a finished product, and so I concede that it can be viewed that way.As far as the taking the money and running quote. I’m sorry, yes I jumped the gun in the heat of the moment of my frustration in writing this review. If there are plans for game fixes in the future after the games release. Along with content updates that will surely fix the cards that will eventually be deemed less than enjoyable by many such as “example: choose to place on top or on bottom” then I will remove my negative post, and wait until a future time to once again try the game.If I may, please make it so (if it’s not being implemented already) mob bosses don’t continually Spam their unblockable attacks. I don’t have a problem with the attacks so much as the constantly having to dodge the entire battle because they chain Spam the ability. Which ends up becoming problematic, repetitive, and less than fun when you have a Jack of Dust, and a King of dust doing nonstop power attacks along with 12 bandits swinging at you in tandem, and 3 of them throwing daggers almost the entire time.Here’s the thing. The keyboard buttons respond better than the joystick buttons do. However, joystick movement is much easier to use than the keyboard. So it’s a toss up. Example, I can counter rat men dart throwers with the keyboard because it responds better even if I’m hit by one of their projectiles. Were as if you get hit by one of the projectiles while using the joystick it’s almost impossible to block the rest of the attacks due to the slow response time of the buttons (In case you’re wondering I’m currently using an Afterglow Xbox 360 controller). Not sure if it's due to my controler or if there’s a fix to this, but it’s extremely frustrating when you get hit by a plethora of darts because you failed to block the first one.In the end I realize I can’t have my cake and eat it too, and that I'm just one voice out of millions that play this game. I’ll stick with you guys as a backer; your response time is well appreciated, and shows you do care, so if people read this post hopefully they’ll read this section. Unless you want me to remove the whole post, in which case if you do, keep this in mind. You might want to make it really clear to people planning on buying this game that it is a heavily luck based system. If anything this is something I want to get across to the buying community. The games concept is awesome, and I commend your team for the work they have done up to this point on the game. I’ll refrain from a refund, and I’ll stick with it. The way I see it I’ve already gotten plenty of hours of game play out of the game, and don’t feel it fair that you guys won’t get paid for the work you’ve already done up to this point."
,Recommended,266510,14537776,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Black Shawarma,"Epic! This game is freaking perfect! From the core mechanics, to the dialogues, writing, music, graphics... EVERYTHING.I can't see myself getting bored of this game. It's entirely randomized everytime you start over, and each choice you make can have a massive effect on the rest of the game.The card system, the inventory management, every single card, even their description, are great.The combat is fun, fast, and fluid. Incredibly responsive and addictive!10/10. Best purchase I've made in years."
76561198039386132,Recommended,266510,28352259,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,[bluestreak] ejjp,Interesting game. Only have a few hours in it but I like it so far. The random card draws provides the element of chance but what you do after the draw is where skills (or lcak of)  really come in play. Graphics are quite nice.
,Recommended,266510,15020550,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Harlack,Deck building & 3rd person brawling… two seemingly disparate styles that play off each other well. It helps if you’ve ever played a deck building game… or any of the Batman Arkham games as the combat style is precisely “Batman with an ax”. Combat is deliberately slow and methodical. Curating you deck is satisfying in that nerdiest of ways(Calculating the ice knife’s slow down effect verses the War Hammer’s added attack strength).  HoF relies a bit to much on the Skinner Box as unlocking tokens and cards is far more engaging than beating the bosses. Also you’ll want to equip the largest helmet you can find because your random viking avatar is the ugliest man… and you have to look at him the whole game. At the start of playing HoF I estimated I’d get about 20 hours out of it and at time of writing I’m at 22. Well worth the money simply for being able to listen to the dealer over and over.
,Not Recommended,266510,33928981,Posted: 31 July,all,Adam Jensen,"First off, I'll start by saying I really, really enjoy the premise. The whole tabletop feel, the deck building, even the dealer's dialogue, it's all solid and amazing. I'll also make it clear that I'm not the best of hack and slash players out there, so my experience might be quite different from those of you well-versed in such games.So should you get this game? The answer is yes if you like challenging games and are prepared to try, try and try again. And only if you can accept that sometimes, you fail because of sheer luck.Pros:+ Beautiful design. Every card is lovingly drawn and the dealer reacts accordingly to your choices.+ An element of luck. For every action, there is a selection of cards. Based on your luck, you either select a Success or a Failure for your choice of action. This makes clearing an encounter particularly exciting - but also vexing, if you're on a failure roll.+ Challenging.Verychallenging. Make one misstep in battle, and you might find yourself in deep♥♥♥♥♥♥ And there are traps to look out for in some battle maps, too.+ An intriguing story. I'm about 3/4 through the story, and it's still rather mysterious, but I feel like I'm getting somewhere, and getting to know the dealer.+ Quests are progressive. Whenever you clear an encounter, you gain a token, which unlocks the next stage of the quest. All the quests are quite original, and nothing is ever as it seems.+ It has a Curse and Blessing system, which randomizes the difficulty of the game in a way. If you're unlucky. If you're lucky, and get a few nice Blessings, the game becomes a smooth run.Cons:- Maybe I'm just unlucky, but sometimes the odds against you are plain ridiculous. I mean, one Jack, six lizardmen and four bandits against one person with a basic axe and shield, with two curses?- No ranged attacks for the player. Enemies can shoot fireballs and arrows freely at you, but you can't whip up magic or a bow. You gotta run up to their♥♥♥♥♥and kick it.- Some achievements are locked in Apprentice (easy) mode. I mean, I get it. I want a challenge too. But sometimes, Adventurer is just too hard because I'm not that quick with my fingers. And I'd still like to get my achievements while struggling away on easy mode.- In story mode, no matter what equipment you collect, you always start out with a basic axe and shield. Good luck trying to kill more than 10 enemies at once, while avoiding traps, if the dealer decides to be pissy with you. At least let me select my gear? I literally get to use a decent weapon only once in about five runs.- Enemies scale as you progress. This means every encounter, no matter how trivial, is difficult... perhaps too difficult. When you're fighting 2 Scales and 4 undead with a basic axe for the 200th time, combat gets repetitivefast. And because of scaling, you can't plough through the common ones even if you've triggered this encounter for the thousandth time.TL;DR: Hand of Fate has a solid premise, intriguing encounters and an element of luck to everything. But the game can be very frustrating and merciless - although one can say it's part of the package when you play a game of this genre. Still, the amount of times I ragequitted this... I can't recommend it when 80% of the time, it makes mesoangry. Even when I have a successful run, I don't feel the urge to continue, because I know it can go to hell just as quickly. This is a game for those with nerves of steel. Or just a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of patience."
,Not Recommended,266510,32908079,Posted: 27 June,all,Macho Man Randy Savage,"I wish there was an 'undecided' or 'conflicted' choice between recommend and not recommended, because that's exactly how I feel about hand of Fate; conflicted. One half of the game feels polished, well-done, inspired, and enjoyable, while the other half of the game feels clunky, frustrating, and greatly disappointing.Most of the game is played through a large variety of cards which feel like a thoughtful mixture of dungeons & dragons and an at-home tabletop card game. Something like; 'You find an elven maiden in an emerald grove, what do you do?' then, based off your choices(and whether or not you succeed or fail)you are either rewarded with food, health, gold, or items, or you suffer a penalty of one of the above. Or worse, you face a random encounter – which is not to say that random encounters are the most dangerous of penalties in the game, but that they are the most cumbersome and thoughtless segments of the entire game. The combat isn't fun, and it isn't really challenging. At best it' is a bearable distraction, and at worst it's incredibly frustrating.It almost feels like there were two teams(or people)who developed the game completely separate from each other and that one group wanted the game to be an engaging card-based d&d style game, while the other group just wanted to emulate a sloppy hack-and-slash game styled after the bland combat in Batman Arkham Asylum. “Tap left-click to attack and tap Q to parry”. There is some variation if you have unique weaponry or equipment, but it only serves to make combat in Hand of Fate feel like less of a “chore” which exactly how you DONT want your game's combat to feel.Honestly, I admire the idea here: “What if a d&d styled card game had interactive combat?” With proper execution in both parts, we might have discovered an incredibly enjoyable niche game. But, while the card game segment is very well done, the combat isn't and the game suffers as a whole because of it. In my opinion the developers should have left combat to the cards and some dice rolls. It would have felt more in tune with the overall theme, felt much less clunky, and the extra development budget and time not spent on 3d modeling and combat coding could have greatly boosted the already enjoyable card segments. More cards, more card-based encounters, maybe even some cool screen visuals for certain effects, etc. In short, if they had scrapped the combat system, this game could have been so much better.To make things worse, the card-game segment itself is very rouge-like, in that death will end your play and you'll be forced to restart your chapter progress from the start, but with the added benefit of gaining new cards which can bolster your character and add exciting new twists and turns for the next game. That in itself isn't bad at all, in fact it's enjoyable, but the problem comes from RNG and how cards can work in this game. Despite how many new cards you get from playing the game your character will ALWAYS start out a chapter with base equipment and stats(which can get better as you progress through the story but only after key chapters, and the progression is equally tied to enemy strength and difficulty, so the improvements always feel negligible and counteracted). RNG rears it's ugly face in the order by which you draw cards, and playing with the DLC 'characters' which add some new pro's and con's to your playthrough, you might be doomed from the very start thanks to such RNG.For example, I tried my first Endless mode with a character that can only eat Iron Ore from discarded equipment and during my route(which was entirely linear from the start)I didn't come across a single piece of equipment. My character ran out of food and starved to death before I could find any gear to salvage for sustenance, and I wasn't able to scrap any of my equipped gear as a last resort because that's not a function of the game. I was doomed from the start to fail the match and all I gained were a few measly cards. This sort of RNG isn't absent from other rouge-likes, but-in my opinion-it is poor design. I don't expect the RNG to ensure my victory from the start, or at all for that matter, but I should have more control over my character's “Fate” than hoping I land on the exact cards I need to survive, especially in Endless mode where I have ZERO control over which cards are in the deck and which might appear next.An idea that could have fixed this issue would have been 'hand cards' which you draw at the beginning of a game and are added to your 'hand'. You could use them at any time to gain supplies or whichever other benefit they provide and they either can't be refilled or can only be refilled on other rare event cards. For example, when playing the character which can only eat Iron Ore, you could start off with one or two random equipment cards, nothing worth equipping(rusted stuff maybe)but for use in case of emergencies. This way you're not entirely at the mercy of RNG if you run into a stretch of bad luck. Something like that could have been a very simple and enjoyable addition to the game which could have provided a bit more player choice and control. Letting players alter their 'hand cards' at the start of a match, for example, choosing from the pile of new cards they have acquired, would have been a great way to support players who really enjoy certain styles of play but might struggle under the fickleness of RNG.Sadly, the absence of such a feature and the “fate” of your character more often than not relying on RNG isn't ideal for me. I understand that the game is called “Hand of Fate” and that “fate” implies a degree of luck and chance, but that shouldn't mean my character is guaranteed to not survive past the second floor because the RNG layout is entirely non-viable for my character. That isn't just 'fate' that's poor design, and it isn't enjoyable. I'll continue to play this game and I hope that further progression might change my mind, but for right now – I just can't recommend this kind of a game. The card-game segment is well written and clearly a thoughtful and lovingly designed portion of the game, but almost everything else(the combat, RNG, and some card and character mechanics)really ruin the atmosphere for me.6/10 Slightly above average, but the parts that do work are niche elements and I can't recommend the package as a whole."
76561197984322112,Recommended,266510,19353690,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[TLGS] Mario-x,"I had put this game on my wishlist when it first was released (or bata if there was one) and was one of the games taken off my wishlist during the summer sale. Took another look and watched a gameplay video and it looked interesting. After 5 hours of playing, through 2/3rd of the store and one try at endless I am finding the game quite fun and interesting.I move around a small board of cards and each is an event, a battle, a shop, a game of chance. etc. Need food to move, gold to buy stuff, some events reward you with random equipment/ability/blessing. Or a curse, lose equiment, lose health... etc.When you get a battle event you draw 1-2 monster cards and you fight them. Battles consist of attacking and counter attack when you see green icon, no matter how many monsters only 1 attack (that can be countered) at a time. Some attacks are unblockable and you have to jump out of the way, sometimes at the same time as counterable attacks. So while it can be overwhelming to go against 10+ critters, with enough skill you can win.Many events have a game of chance, 4 cards that have success/fail, they get shuffled and you pick a card. Some say it is possible to follow a card, but I have only been able to follow the card that is on top and shuffled only once.Is if you like the concept of a card game, and hack and slash that is not complicated but fun give this game a try."
76561198029377469,Recommended,266510,32857949,Posted: 27 June,all,Soldonzo,"Such fun, but can get repetitive at times. NOT your typical RPG, but in a good way. In a word, excellent."
,Recommended,266510,27713354,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DarkWolf,"> *Me, playing my 23rd round in a row*> Oh, hey, this game is going pretty well! I love this game!> *Loses all gold*> *Gets four Massive Failures in a row*> *Loses all equipment*> *Has to fight 2 bosses*> *Dies*> ...> I hate this game> ...> *Starts new game*"
76561198068141604,Recommended,266510,23379644,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Kade,"This is a game of risk-assessment, combined with a little deck-building,  action, and a little ""three cups"" (expect with cards).The fact that the developers have been regularly updating it with content -free of charge- is an enormus bonus. I am sure this game had like 3 content upgrades since I've bought it, that other publishers would have tried to sell me as DLC.I must admit; the story ending is sorta lack-luster. This usually wouldn't even worth mention in a rouge-like game, it's just this game builds so heavily -and well- on narration, that I found it weird to end it in such way."
76561197972180609,Recommended,266510,11135276,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Kev.I.N,"After playing the FIRST level of this game i was in love. One of the most interesting game concepts i have come across, and was very excited to see it put into practice! You start with very basic cards, which get played face down to form a dungeon. Traversing the dungeon will flip the cards and apply the effects of the card. Your ultimate aim is to find the dungeon boss and defeat them, this unlocks the next boss AND token (booster packs / single cards). After the first few bosses you may actually BUILD a deck, playing through your own custom dungeon!The potential for this game is MASSIVE and i reccomend everyone try it, or at least watch it on youtube / twitch!"
76561198062930115,Recommended,266510,14512867,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DG Dobrev,"Got it on the last day of the EA, and I do not regret it one bit. There is way too much that this game does well and only 2 things that it does poorly. But first, I just have to do this:- Was entirely unlucky, got failures at almost everything, including the treasure chest - but for the evil carnival, I got 2 huge successes there- Got down to 2 health and got the close shave achievement- Went down to 10 HP with no food, got ambushed and restocked- Went down to 5 HP and got a shop- Entered the Scales boss battle with only 35 HP.- Then killed the stompy stompy tail lizard and his band, all of this one the same level.10/10 will try my luck again - and I will go play the lottery too now cause this was like 1/100. BRB.Back. Now what does this game does well and what poorly.(EDIT: I think I could have been less excited and more informative about the game. I am sorry, I was way too hyped. So here goes...)Foreword: this is a card collection game, unlike any other. Here you do not use cards to fight - the cards represent actions or encounters. In essense, the cards fight you - or help you. In the beginning of the level, a maze of cards is laid out in front of you, which you must traverse to the end, which results in entering another area (different card layout) or a boss battle. And of course, to make your life even more miserable, you have food, gold, equipment and life points. Food needs to be replenished at a regular basis, or you will start losing life points and die of starvation. Gold is used in shops and random events, equipment and life points are used in battles.To make the long read short short you have:- Random events - ranging from quests to finding a treasure chest or running a gauntlet to it- Fights - there is a number of encounters you need to fight through, including a boss at the end of the level who play in a 3D Batman/Assassin's Creed style- Shops and helpful NPCs who will give you buffs or foodGood:1. No 2 games are the same, even if you play the campaign. Decks determine playthroughs, not scenarios.2. Winning a whole encounter and beating up the boss of a level with a starter rusty axe has never been more satisfying.3. Building a deck matters, molding it to your liking even moreso.4. Some people complain about the slowmo attacks, but it is exactly these that give you a good view of the battlefield.5. Mashing buttons can both win or lose you the game. Cool. Makes gamers learn something.Bad:1. Bind the camera to buttons, people. You have both tabs unused, make it like Dynasty Warriors 8 and you will be golden. While I agree that you can't see behind your back and it adds a realistic combat, rogue-like games are punishing as they are by default.2. Boss battles become a bit repetitive once you learn how the bosses work and what is their attack sequence.Semi-bad: this game is best played with a controller. I hope you have one. My RAZR is doing a magnificent job with it.Buy the game on this last day of the early access and enjoy it. You don't have much time left, and the free first DLC is just an added bonus."
76561197986929011,Recommended,266510,28483632,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,amirlx,"TL;DR: Brilliant game, buy it at full price along with DLC.  Combination hack/slack with RPG and card game.Absolutely brilliant game!  I normally don't write reviews until I've finished a game, but the ending has proven a bit too challenging for me so far.  Graphics are above bar and sound is excellent.  Voice actor is just wonderful, totally sells it and really creates the wanted ambience.It isn't roguelike, and I hate when people misuse that word.  It is in no way roguelike.  Choices matter, but death is not permanent.  Gameplay is very clever.  The rules are simple without being overly repetitive, and there is a lot of learning by doing.  The rules of the game are explained over time and some only through mistakes, which makes the choices interesting.  Difficulty level is just right, I think...I'm a casual gamer and I haven't yet completed the game on normal difficulty.Please give this studio your business, and let's hope they come up with more winners like Hand of Fate!"
,Recommended,266510,26714113,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Nurg,"Lovely game in two parts. Part one is a card game with a dungeon crawl theme. Part two, when the card game throws up a battle, is a lovely 3D fighting game in the vein of Shadow of Mordor. Instantly accessible in its simplicity it gives even none-twitch-skill gamers like me plenty of chance to develop strategies and have fun.I'm a Linux gamer and can report this plays perfectly with excellent frame rates on that platform.Review summary in one word: Luuuuuverly."
,Recommended,266510,25772014,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Gosedre,"While there are definitely a handful of things that could improve the game, the experience as a whole is a very cool, unique, and fun game play concept that hasn't really been done before, and for that I very much look forward to future installments.The execution is very clean, from the music, voice acting, card design, environment, etc. Some of the issues are with the mechanics though, like the inability to rotate the camera in battle, how the ""counter"" system works, and other foundation level things like that.My one main complaint was the lack of a feeling of progression as you go through the levels. Every single level, you start with basically the same default gear. Sure it upgrades as you progress, but the point being, there isn't any of the enjoyment/excitement/satisfaction of finding new loot, at least in the traditional sense. You may get a card for a new awesome weapon, but there is a good chance you won't get to use it any time soon, or technically speaking, you could make it through the rest of the game without getting a particular equipment card that you've unlocked. Because of that, I don't really view this as much of an RPG, instead it's more of fantasy game wrapped around an action framework.All and all, I loved the fresh approach, and many aspects of the game, enough that I would in fact recommend it."
,Recommended,266510,25549167,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Shadgam™,"Hands of Fate is a choose your adventure style of game mixed with high stakes gambling in the form of the cards of fortune except instead of money the player's life is on the line.Pros:+Gameplay:Standard gameplay has the player move around on a set of adventure cards sometimes you're lucky and find a ""Maiden of Good Fortune"",which will supply the player with much needed supplies, while other times you may find yourself ambushed by bandits and the like.+Characters:Never found myself bored when playing against the dealer as his snarky comments whenever something unfortunate happened only encouraged me to keep going and beat him down.+Atmosphere:The game does a good job of setting up emotions as you traverse through to find the boss while you're desperately looking for any scraps of food and slowly see yourself losing more and more health until finally you find the final boss and get immediately♥♥♥♥♥♥slapped to death as you only had 5 hp left.+/-Artwork:Unfortunately no customization for your hero's features only equipment will make him look different.As for the enemies they're all easily identifiable but there isn't much variation with looks besides the boss fights.Cons:-Soundtrack:Nothing really noticeable standard music will play while you move,fight and encounter the final boss. It's nice, but nothing particularly interesting.-Combat:When you do get down and fight the game ""attempts"" to have a Batman style of fighting, with combos and counters, but I do mean ""attempts"" as it's easily exploited and very,very lenient.What I mean is that by the time the counter signal is sent and by the time I actually have to counter, I could easily leave the keyboard,go to the kitchen and make myself a sandwich, get a drink, and then comeback to actually press Q. Also, once you have a shield you can easily just right click to victory because any enemy caught in your way can't move at all and will only occasionally break out of their stun,so if you want to beat this game easily just Captain America anyone in your way.-RNG:A large portion of this game is decided by picking 4 cards sometimes you can get super lucky(large chunk of gold with a weapon) and sometimes you can get super unlucky(lose health and a permanent part of your total health). If you don't like RNG deciding gameplay*cough*Yogg-Stone*cough* then this can be frustrating.Especially at later portions of the game where I found myself trying to avoid RNG as much as possible so I can have the largest amount of health to fight the final boss.Final Verdict:(7/10)If you like gambling and a slower version of Batman's combat then this is the game for you.If not, pick this game up when it's on sale."
,Recommended,266510,17195617,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Rane2k,"What drew me towards this game was the aesthethics and atmosphere shown in the trailers, and I was not disappointed.The game is presented as you, the protagonist, sitting across from the dealer, a mysterious hooded figure, to play game of cards.Everything in the game has a representation as a playing card.The playing field is a bunch of cards, laid out in small mazes.Your equipment is made up of cards like weapons, helms, shields and a plethora of rings.Your enemies are cards in 4 suites (dust, skulls, scales and plague), each of which is a theme (e.g. the card ""2 of dust"" is a pair of bandits).The cards are sorted into various stacks and decks, the most important two are the equipment deck, from which you draw your rewards; and the encounter deck, from which the playing field is drawn.The encounter deck shapes the way the game plays out, which is a mix of ""choose your adventure"" style events, and combat situations.""Choose your adventure"" & Overworld gameplayBetween encounters you move your figure between cards, one per turn. As you step onto a card it is revealed, and the dealer narrates the events that ensue, while you decide how you act in the situation.There is a wide range of different situations presented here, some result in combat, some might draw you cards from the pain deck (punishments, if your decisions or luck are bad) or the gain deck (food, gold, health, equipment).On some encounters you play for a token, which represents one (or more!) cards to unlock for future rounds.Aside from your inventory, you have health, food and gold as resources, all of which are important. On each turn, you consume 1 food, which heals you, unless you have no food, in which case you begin to starve. This quickly results in death, and means that you should plan a few turns ahead. And maybe not spend all your gold on shiny rings, but good instead.Combat & ControlsWhenever you enter combat mode, you enter the world in third person mode and do battle against the monster cards the dealer has drawn for you.Controls are fairly simple, left stick to move around, and the actions at your disposal are ""attack"", ""counter"" (if you have a shield), ""weapon ability"" and ""use artifact"" (usually buffs or area effect attacks)While this may appear shallow at first, it becomes rather taxing once there are more than a few enemies on screen, some of which may have ranged or special attacks, or block your attacks.I played with a controller and felt the game controlled very smoothly. I did not try mouse/keyboard at all, so cannot make a statement about it.Progression, Attrition & Deck building elementsAfter you beat the tutorial, the dealer reveals to you that there are 12 champions (the ""royal"" cards of the suites, Jacks, Queens and Kings) for you to defeat. As you progress through the game you unlock many new equipment and encounter cards.Out of these you build 2 decks which the rounds are based on.But as you gain more cards, the dealer also inserts his own cards into the encounter deck, the pain deck and of course the monster deck from which your opponents are pulled.In one session you will usually accrue a number of items making combat easier for you, but to balance it out, you will also take damage, consume resources and later might be struck by one or more of the dealer´s nasty curse cards.These serve as a means of hampering your progress, to not make it too easy for you. They range from basic debuffs (e.g. starvation causes more damage) to severe restrictions (e.g. you can not sell items, or ""the more gold you carry, the slower you move""), putting you into interesting predicaments.Attrition, difficulty and long term funDeath is permanent, but especially in the beginning of the game you will mostly emerge from a round with several newly unlocked cards, as such, frustration is kept to a minimum.Unlocking new cards is a strong incentive to keep playing, as many of the cards are interesting, and the encounter cards often form little story arcs.I beat the game after about 20 hours, meaning I defeated all of the champions.After beating the main game, there is also an endless mode, in which you dont construct a deck, but have all of your unlocked cards available (and so has the dealer, that sinister man.)There were a few difficulty spikes (mostly the Jack of Scales and the King of skulls for me), but nothing too bad.Graphics, Sound & atmosphereAs mentioned before, the art style and graphics, as well as the beautiful music (with an oriental touch) serve to craft a very nice atmosphere.The sinister musings of the dealer are often interesting (tough they repeat after a while, but not to the point where they are annoying)GripesWhile I can heartily recommend the game, there are a few gripes & nitpicks I have, which I will list here, in case they are a show-stopper to you:Some of the cards seem rather imbalanced, some equipment feel too strong (2 of the rings, I won´t spoil which) and some enemy encounters can stop a round quite early (The kraken especially, but at least it´s a card that you unlock rather late)In-game advertising for the DLC (extra characters, which are basically game modifieres), achievements which can only be done with the DLC.The DLC is only ""okay""Endless mode starts out a bit slow, the first 2-3 floors are usually a cakewalkSometimes the combat can be a bit repetitive, more so if you aim for maximum unlocks/achievementsOur hero´s deadly sin isgluttony, seriously, one food per turn, learn some restraint!"
76561198028086019,Recommended,266510,21370125,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,zais,"Hand of Fate is well made combination of RPG, Action, Card Games and Rogue-like genres.Good+ Unique+ Well thought cards and progression+ Randomness of each play session+ Blessings/Curses add spice to each run+ SteamPlay (win/mac/lin)+ Cloud saves (crossplatform!)Bad- No punishment for button mashing (no rewards for good timing)- Single player only (hope next one will have some multiplayer modes)- Final boss is too hard (like all other bosses combined)Bottom line:Australians gave us another great game, worth price and time."
76561198152236230,Recommended,266510,22948059,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Sabator1130,"This is a great indie game and a very unique concept.Hand of Fate is kind of reminiscent of Yu-Gi-Oh! in the fact that you must build your deck with different gear combinations to get the best results.Pros:-Great concept-If you like deck building or dungeon delving, then this is for you-Good graphics-Challenging-The DLC actually adds content to change the gaming experience-The Dealer is a really interesting dude-The developers were really considerate on this one: for those of you who have arachnophobia, there is a setting for, ""Toggle Spider.""Cons:-It can be pretty hard and may lead to rage quits-Check the system requirements before getting"
,Recommended,266510,32203034,Posted: 5 June,all,Don Ico,"Great game! More so if you played all those choose your adventure books back in the 80's and 90's.Don't let the fist half hour fool you, its a very hard game, sometimes you will be in an bad shape and then some bad luck will get you to make your life worse! But sometimes, you will get lucky and this will save you, and will feel good man!The narrator (the card dealer) and the luck factor will greatly please the ""Darkest Dungeon"" fans!"
,Recommended,266510,22783895,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nel Celestine,Really a unique experience. Fresh and different. I had a lot of fun playing this and reading the cards aloud as if in character. A touch of Role Play makes this game an utter masterpiece.Only downside is the dealer repeats lines a lot and sometimes tends to go on and on.9.5/10
,Recommended,266510,14551848,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,AA,"This game is a card game.  It is a resource management game.  It is a brawler. It is a text based, classic adventure game. It is a RPG and a rogue-like. This game is phenomenal, I thoroughly enjoyed my short time with it so far.I played but just 1 hour of Hand of Fate, I closed the game and instantly came to write this piece.  If you are like me and you like a good RPG, choose your own adventure or anything vaguely close to fantasy, I feel you will appreciate the direction that this game embarked upon.Hand of Fate handles the tutorial with such finesse that I wasn’t even aware it was a tutorial until it had come to a end – I was already invested In my character and in my story.When you first boot up the game it will launch you directly in to the “game of life and death”, as is so aptly described by the card dealer. You will proceed to get comfortable at the fortune teller-esque table and Gothic surroundings with a inexplicably cryptic figure who welcomes you to the game of life and death. We do not know who the card dealer is, but you will get a sense of power and mystique as he shuffles the deck. Very quickly you will come to realise that Hand of Fate is not a run-of-the-mill card game, it is that and so much more.The premise is to advance through each area and kill the twelve different heroes, that are under the guidance of the quippy card dealer.  The dealer will lay several cards in front of you on to a table, where you will take control of a game piece, just like in a board game. To advance you must move the game piece on to the different cards and watch the game unfold, for every card you move to one piece of food will be consumed – manage these resources very carefully. Each card brings with it its own adventure and riches, its own danger and fortunes, will you be brave and save the Captain of the Guard or leave him to the fate of the Undead?Defeating a hero card can be rewarding and in some cases, difficult.  With them, hero cards draw different monster cards from the deck that will place them in to the battle, increasing its difficulty. Once a hero is defeated, the game is over and you will be able to use any card tokens that you obtained throughout your journey to unlock more cards.Unlocking cards will allow you to customize your deck to your liking, just like any other collectible card game. If you are not in to fiddling about with so many cards, or are inexperienced with creating card decks, there is a option to create a deck optimized for you – Which the game will do for you.The tone is set from the exact moment you launch the game – it is dark, it is mysterious and it is Gothic. The art direction for this title is spot on, everything just fits in to place, even the cards are designed in such an intricate way they left me feeling that I was really sitting at the table playing this game. The burning candle flickering over the game table sets the perfect mood for a stare-down with a hooded, mystic figure. I would love to be able to buy myself a physical copy of the cards.I genuinely cared for the actions that I took.  I wanted to save the Captain of the Guard, I wanted to loot the goblin cave and plunder its riches and I felt it necessary to make a deal with the devil. I delved in to reading each card and the tales it brought with it.  My hero was a holy-mace wielding, bandit slaying, guard saving badass and I loved it. I wanted to make sure that he had the gear I wanted him to have; maybe not necessary the best gear, but the gear that I believed fit in to his persona. This was a pen and paper RPG at its finest.Did I mention that this game is a brawler?  No?  Well it is.  When the cards are down and the candle flickers, when playing the game of life and death and inhaling the musky atmosphere, expect to kill or be killed. Combat is not turn based – It is not handled like a card game nor is it RPG-like.  I would forgive you for thinking that combat happens like that of a text-based adventure game, but you would be wrong. You, your character and all of the gear you have amassed will be teleported in to a 3D environment along with the monster cards that were drawn, and you will fight.  Combat is much like the Arkham series, but feels less polished.  It is obvious that this was not meant to be the games strong point – And that is okay.  It works and It fits in with the game, hell, at this point what doesn’t?Within 1 hour of gameplay I had created a character that I was entirely invested in and cared about. He had saved the Captain of the Guard who provided us with his powerful Mace masked in a Holy boon to ward off the Undead. I had met a Fair Maiden who blessed me with life longevity by providing me with a +5 health boost. I encountered Mister Lionel, a Goblin disguised as a old man who mysteriously appeared a shield right in front of my face, as a gift. I had scaled the winding vines of a canyon as a glistening metal caught my eye – I had found a sword. The Maze Of Traps had been conquered and the gold plundered. I defeated the Devil’s challenge before looting a Dead King’s Tomb for +10 Max health, food and riches. I was no longer playing as a character in a video game, I was me and I was creating a story.Hand of Fate is fantastic and if you have a vested interest in RPG’s, card games or fantasy I highly suggest that you give this game a go.  It is something different that tries and succeeds in covering many different game genres. This game is a gem that I was not expecting, I had no idea that this game was being released and I am glad I paid a measly £15 for this phenomenal title.  I know for certain I have only scratched at the surface of this game and I need to get back to playing more.For more like this, head toXB92AI.com"
,Recommended,266510,14606889,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,hiero,"A truly unique game and experience, Hand of Fate is part rogue-like RPG with choose-your-own-adventure elements, part Assassin's Creed, Arkham style brawler, and part tabletop deck building game. The game lets you choose your own paths and craft your own story, and no two games are ever alike. A witty and snarky card dealer who sits across the table narrates much of your journey and adds his own personal commentary to the decisions you make and the fates that befall you.The music is great, it's incredibly atmospheric and sets the stage and mood quite nicely. The voice acting is fantastic, the number of cards is large and varied, and the aesthetic is all around perfect.The combat system is the only problem the game suffers, and even then it still works well. At times the animations can be a bit stiff and janky and there isn't much depth to it, but at the end of the day it's a nitpick to an overall fantastic game and experience.If you enjoy rogue-likes, choose-your-own-adventures, deck builders, and story telling, pick this up."
,Recommended,266510,16521766,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Velcro Spider,"Hand of Fate took my interest a while back when it was on Early Access so I put it on my wishlist.  Now it's on sale and with Steam's newly implemented refund system online I thought I would give it a go and I'm very glad I did!To watch the gameplay videos does not do this game an ounce of justice, especially if you watch one from the beginning of the game and the reason for this is also one of it's biggest strengths.  Hand of Fate does a fantastic job of teaching by doing; there are no 'press 1 to feel' tutorials here, you enter the game and press start and before you know it you're already playing.  The first run is short and gives you a good idea about what the game is about but without smothering you in advanced rules and options and things you won't remember later on.For the whole game you sit opposite a nefarious looking fellow akin to a games master, he draws cards for you and tells the story.  You simply have to choose the path you travel through the level and deal with each card as you land on it.  It may be an encounter you enter where you must fight (more on combat below), a series of traps you must negociate or a tradiditional text based quandry to muse over, where the outcome is determined by blind choosing one of four cards.  The likelyhood of being successful is often directly related to your gear, i.e. it's easier to cross a river in light armour than heavy so more of the four cards will give success and fewer failure.As I alluded to previously simply watching the gameplay and combat videos do this game a great misjustice, hack and slash is not terrbily exciting to watch and the very reason you are fighting is lost.  You cannot possibly know the tension created by this being your penultimate fight before the boss of the level, that the card before was a goblin card and they stole your shield and that prior to which was a merchant card where you sold your spare shield.  The story that goes along with each encounter really enriches the combat, which really only makes up a portion of the game on the whole anyway.Finally there is the hearthstone-esque component of Hand of Fate; each time you complete a run you unlock more cards.  There are 3 decks, equipment for yourself (just because you choose to put a fancy new hammer in your deck doesn't mean you will ever draw it - just like in HS where you may be desperate for that flamestrikebut not draw it), modifiers to your character (flavour cards that add boons and debuffs and add great variety to playthroughs) and finally encounters.  When you get new cards you have to experience them in the game to see what they actually do (equipment included) so often you pick new cards with a hint of trepidation.  As you become more powerful and add more of your own cards so must you also add more cards for the game master to play and the enemies also grow in power and variety.In closing I have played this game for 2 hours and felt compelled to write a fairly detailed review in the hopes it might urge others to try this fantastic game.  Worst case you play for just less than 2 hours and ask for a refund if it's not for you, best case you enjoy this gem as much as I did."
,Recommended,266510,32872827,Posted: 27 June,all,Ottawa,"This is a super fun randomly generated dungeon game. It's inventive, you build your own dungeon by placing cards into a deck, then you traverse it. It does get tedious, since the combat is fairly one dimensional, but everything else about this game is super neat."
,Not Recommended,266510,29327326,Posted: 17 January,all,Tartrazine,"If you're STILL on the fence, wait for the sequel to fix the combatI had a LOT of fun with Hand of Fate. Expanding and customizing your deck of equipment and encounter cards is great. Some cards have very finnicky or downright unfair requirements to unlock them, but this FTL-esque difficulty makes it that much more satisfying to edit your deck to max out your slim chances. The dealer who runs the game is like a snarkier version of The Merchant from Resident Evil 4. He has a clever quip for everything, and I never got sick of hearing his lines, even after I had played the game so much that I'd heard most of them twenty times before. (Nothing makes getting a good piece of equipment satisfying like his comment, ""I made that a little too powerful..."").The reason I do NOT recommend Hand of Fate (if you're still not sure if this is worth your time and money) is that the core of the game is a really sloppy copy of the Batman games' combat. Combat feels clunky. The camera can't be rotated, leading to all sorts of frustration. Cannon fodder enemies take too many hits to kill, and they don't have any visual indication that they've taken damage, making it VERY frustrating to figure out which of the dozen identical-looking lizardmen you're fighting only needs one more hit to die. You also aren't shown any numbers for how much damage you're doing to enemies, which is particularly frustrating for one of the final boss fights where it is not NEARLY obvious enough that his minions are invincible as long as he's alive.To make matters worse if your computer is old, there are no separate graphic settings for the combat (where getting a smooth frame rate is crucial) and the card map (where frame rate is irrelevant) so going with ""low"" quality textures so that you can actually win fights makes the cards on the map almost illegible.Hand of Fate 2 is coming out later in 2017, and it looks like it will dramatically improve the combat, so you should probably just wait for it instead of struggling with the flawed original."
76561198125156861,Recommended,266510,17959151,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,folvenson,"This game is awsome.  The dialogue of the Dealer is fun and entertaining.  He sometimes repeats dialogue he has said before, but he has enough diferent things to say asociated to diferent cards that it isn't grating.  The dificulty grows as you progress through the game and although you will start dying more it adds to the fun.  Finding new cards to add to your deck is always fun and some cards are harder to win than others.  I plan to keep playing this after I unlock everything because endless mode is just as fun as Story mode."
,Recommended,266510,14589975,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,WastingSanity,"Hand of Fate has a very unique approach to action RPG. As the player, you will find yourself sitting at a table and across the table you will find a robed individual with rather large hands. This masked man has plucked and manipulated your very memories in order to set the stage. Cards are used to construct levels, provide gear, health, or pain. Part story, part combat this game brings both worlds together to give the player a interesting taste of the characters life through the dealer's eyes.The player progresses through the game by moving from the starting position to the stairs, cave, boat or basically the exit point for that level. With each move the player consumes one food. If you do not have food than the player loses 10 health. Each move delivers a new encounter for the player as he lands on a card. These cards are determined by what cards were included by the player and the cards added by the dealer. There are more player cards than dealer cards for the campaign. The encounters can be everything from rat men, humans, skeletons to an old woman that asks the player to bring her husband home.The combat system is rather simple. Counter green indicators, dodge red ones and use shield bash to get past their block. Melee is confined to one button and feels  semi fluid. Weapons and items will give you special abilities, but it appears that only weapons will influence combat. For some reason if you do not have a shield you will not be able to see when to counter or dodge the enemy. With each boss run feeling slightly different, it improves the idea of playing more or even endless mode.For additional details click the link below!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmPgm7OjyCcAlthough the game is not perfect, or that difficult I would recommend it to others as long as they found this style interesting."
76561198053534813,Not Recommended,266510,14989823,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Hobo,"I do not recommend this game at the current moment, but perhaps for a steam summer sale.The game starts out quite enjoyable although the combat is quite clunky you can overlook it, marvel at what appears to be a game with depth lying infront of you.But then the later part of the game arrives, things that were expected are not fullfilled since the depth you expected from the deck construction is infact increadibly limited for both equipment and encounters. The clunkyness of the combatsystem shines through and you become a hit and run spamming buffoon in a crowded area(many of the encounter maps are small and you face about 8-16 monsters, its seriously so cramped).Want to buy it for the gameplay? Not worth it(if you find the hit&run around edges fun wait for a sale).Buy it for the depth? No there is none.However the base idea of the game is solid, it just fell short."
,Recommended,266510,26854907,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Redwood,A single-player D&D with a butthurt dungeonmaster.10/10
76561197979223944,Recommended,266510,32892545,Posted: 27 June,all,Binks,"It's honestly a bit hard to explain this game, since it's such a mash of game elements. The general gameplay of moving from point to point and dealing with the events there feels very FTL, but then the combat kicks in and it's assassin's creed/arkham style fighting with counters, and the overarching deckbuilding mechanics are a whole layer of their own. The game is immensely fun, the enemy you face is full of character (with just a few random lines and some scripting they've achieved a character more interesting than most triple-A titles churn out these days...), and unlike most rogue-likes, you can make ongoing long-term progress even if you fail your main quest, in the form of unlocking new cards to encounter or use on your quest.Honestly if you like rogue-like games at all I would check this one out, as it's overflowing with character. If you happen to be like me, and enjoy rogue-likes, counterattack combat, and deckbuilding, what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,266510,25284258,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,OregoX,"Hand of FateI cannot remember when I had such amazing feelings in a Game.GamePlay:As always, I start with the gameplay-explanation...You're sitting opposite to theDealer(which is also the most important/interesting character in the game.) He is narrating the entire game with comments of your actions and happenings. You can hear his ironic gratulations on some success, but loves to see you suffer from curses. HOWEVER, he has a very limited amount of text and you will often hear the same things. Anyway he tries to keep the game fair and indeed I’ve never been treated such fair, yet challenging as in this game.On the table, the dealer places chards, which should represent 1 layer of a dungeon. Your goal is to get to the last layer of the dungeon to challengethe Dealer's Champions. (12)These cards on the table is made of your own created deck+ the dealer's balancing cards to make it harder + locked cards, in your deck with Missions. You also decide which weapons, armor pieces, shields or artefacts you may get in this session. (2nd. deck)You have food, which would heal you +6HP each new Tile/Card you step on, but without food you lose -6HP per Tile/Card.Life points: 100 may get higher or lesser, depending of which Curses/blessing/missions you get.Successfully Actions:Some actions require “luck” (You choose out of four cards. These four cards can contain a “Huge Success”, ”Success”, ”Failure”, ”Huge Failure” which will decide if your action works or not.The four cards are open at the beginning, then get turned around and put together to one pile. Keep an Eye on it. If you are looking closly, you can see where which cards is. Sounds cheating? Well the Dealer knows how to prevent and shuffles it up to five times and sometimes too fast to follow…Your equipment slots:Helmet (max. 1 piece)Chest plate (max. 1 piece)Weapon (max. 1 piece)Gauntlet (max. 1 piece)Rings (infinite amount wearable)Artefacts (max. 1 piece)Curses/Blessings (infinity amount wearable)The fighting is simple made.3DNo own Camera movement!Aiming enemies with left joystick. (No mark on enemies)Small fighting Areas. (Also trap areas with no enemies)Many pictures on the steam store page depict that!Control: PS - ControllerSquare|Attack - With your Sword, Ax, Hammer or misc...Circle|ShieldBash - Breaks through enemies' shield.(Shield required)Triangle|Counter - Counter ranged-attacks or many melee-attacks.(Shield required)This is the Gameplay. On my opinion, these mix of Card-Game and 3rd-Person fighting is really well fitting.★ ★ ★ ★ ★ :DStory:The story is to defeat thedealer, which is accessible after you fought his 12 Champions!Graphics:I am not such person who things graphic is an important point. I enjoyed it and no eye cancer!★ ★ ★ ★ ★Leveldesign:I split this up in:DungeonLevelDesign: Which is at the beginning of the game very tiny, but later on, when you suffer from starving, you are happy to get a smaller area. (Random generated) which leads to very different playthroughs.Fighting/trap Areas:They are not random. If you are fighting in an inn, you will get and inn-Area, and so on...Don't forget theendless modewhere you fight until your death. (Did play it one time and wanted to star after defeating the Game.)All in one this combination makes the game very interesting and the random dungeon makes every step a hope for nothing bad.★ ★ ★ ★ ★Music:Of course, I am also rating the music, which is in my ears simply amazing. <3Totally love the Battle/Dealing/Reward Music. The man did a well job. :D★ ★ ★ ★ ★Bossfight:Mostly I like the Boss fights. They were somewhat fair to me except for theDealer Boss fight, who spawns all his Champions as a triple pack (Jack, Lady, King). However, this is the good part, because it is still fair to fight. HOWEVER, when the dealer starts to make Explosions or light currents on the ground that are not dodge able, because you have to know where to stand, otherwise it WILL hit you. No escape.this is the only issue, which made me aggressive to die so close at the end. However, the victory felt more deserved than in Dark Souls III. ;)★ ★ ★ ★ ☆ just for the little issue. :/This was quite everything I have to tell you.I beat the game in approximately 13h.The last I want to recommend you is to read also negative Reviews. Even if they are not marked as ""helpful"", but they may contain things that are crucial to know before you buy the Game.The 25€ I spend on this Game was totally worth for me. Would pay the same amount of money again.EPIC GAME: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★!"
76561198052272449,Recommended,266510,14563201,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Gregor Eisenhorn,"Another rare, yet plesant surprise that once in a while comes out of early access. This little gem isn't flashy or pretentious, it is indeed very humble, and feels genuine and smooth.The GameReading a few reviews while i was deciding if i should purchase the game or not, i quite didn't understand how the game worked, what it was about, and so on. I'll try to describe it in the simplest, most immediate of ways.You sit at a table, in a mysterious hall, playing a game of cards with a hooded man, his face covered by a veil. There are different kinds of cards:-Equipment cards (you get these during the game, they give your character the gear he needs to face monsters and such)-Encounter cards (challenges, monsters, mini trap dungeons, shops, bosses and so on)-Random cards (depending on the level, these cards are added to the mix by your opponent to ""spice up things"")You move your pawn through covered cards, one at a time, uncovering the cards you land on and facing the challenge. Each level is composed by 2+ randomized layouts of cards. The goal is to reach the final boss and defeat it, surviving all along. The game starts easy, but after a while it starts to get really challenging. The rng plays a big part in the game and it can be frustrating at times, but when you actually succeed it feels very rewarding. Each time you get to choose from the cards you earned which kinds of encounters you can make on a level, same goes for the equipment, so you can adjust your chances and create a strategy.Pros-Incredible replayability thanks to the randomized levels, cards and decks.-Big variety of creatures, challenges-Diffiucult but rewarding-Amazing voice acting and atmosphereCons-Like all games with a high random factor, at times, it can get frustrating-Fights can get a bit repetitive at times-You can't really play a ""class"", you're a standard warrior-ish guyI personally really liked the game, and i can see myself playing it a lot. It isn't one of those immersive games that you spend long sessions playing it, but it's great to play in a relaxed way if you have some spare time. It retains the feel of the old table games and definitely deserves a try.8/10"
,Recommended,266510,28654744,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,standingonbees,"I can't believe how awesome this game is. The trailers don't do it any justice. It's one of the most unique and fun modern games I've played. I feel bad that I bought it on a discount because it's easily worth the full price. I just have to keep flipping cards and seeing what the challenges are. It's like solitaire D&D played with cards. Or Sorcery! but with cards instead of a board game, and much more fun. Sometimes games come along that are so good they feel like art, and this is one of them. Just buy it if you like fun."
,Recommended,266510,14535595,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kind Buddy,"This game is basically a rogue-like procedurally generated card-based RPG that becomes (at times) a third person fighting game. Its story mode utilizes a tier system that makes enemies become gradually harder as you pass each tier. I'm really happy with my purchase so far; it's a very unique game that punishes you just the right amount for losing (I haven't played Endless mode, so this is all about Story mode)Overall I'd give it a 9.5/10 at the moment; I've played through about half of the story mode in around 6 hours, so depending on how much content gets added in the future, I can easily see myself changing that rating to a 10/10."
,Recommended,266510,20649998,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,bobert awful (F+),"During my review of Chainsaw Warrior (also on Steam), I commented about how the computer game port of Chainsaw Warrior was easier to play than the actual card game published by Games Workshop, because it was easier to play a one-player card game with rules as convoluted and dorky as a computer game than as an actual, physical card game. What would happen if someone walked in on you rolling dice and drawing cards all by yourself?""Oh, are you playing Solitaire?""""No! I'm not playing Solitaire. I'm playing a game where you have to fight zombies and aliens and disarm a nuclear bomb in 60 minutes or the world will be plunged into eternal darkness.""""...it is okay to masturbate, Jimmy. You don't have to be ashamed of your body.""""But I'm not doing the M-word, Daaaaaaaaad!""Hand of Fate is like one of those dorky card games. I think the developers realized this when they started development, and so they threw in the card dealer and added all the stuff about life and death afterwards. It definitely needed it - because the Dealer is what really makes this game work. Without the Dealer, the game is you, sitting at a table, drawing cards and hallucinating these battles and these traps and sometimes wrestling with a convoluted camera angle operated by a narcoleptic operator. Plus there wouldn't be all these interesting story crumbs as to who the Dealer is, why you're here playing this game, the big dust-up that will eventually happen between you and him if he draws one more ♥♥♥♥ing Devilish Traps card.It's not a bad game, but I just feel like it depended on a lot of the momentum from my earlier victories to keep me going, because I got tired of it after I got stuck fighting the King of Scales. Speaking of the King of Scales: This game has a difficulty curve that partially resembles a flat area and then a sudden, large ramp-up in difficulty on the last two stages. The difficulty curve ramps up on the King of Scales because the game forgets to tell you that his henchmen are all invincible while he's around, something that took me ten tries and five minutes in the Steam Community forums to realize. Also there's some fun balance issues that randomly make the game too easy or hard. And I hate when the game makes me have to run through a Traps level, because not only are you trying not to die to a bunch of traps, you're also playing with a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera angle that hides some of those traps.So while it's not a perfect game, it's rather fun while the unlocks keep coming, but when they stop... oh man, this game starts to fall into a RUT."
,Not Recommended,266510,33505481,Posted: 13 July,all,General Kass,"I feel like something's missing and I can't quite put my finger on it. Yet beneth everything I'm about to say, I still found Hand of Fate to be a fun and addictive experience.Hand of Fate is fantastic as an experimental game. Even the premise is unique: You're a veteran adventurer who has reached the end of the world. A magic fortune teller offers a game that will unlock your forgotten memories. Every card in the game is something that's already happened. That alone is clever. However, the game's style is just as interesting. It's progressive DnD questing in the style of tabletop card game, with interactive combat encounters, a card collection mechanic, and rougelike elements. On the surface, that sounds great.The progressive quests are, in my opinion, one of the most interesting features. Quests take the form of both cards and game board squares. Each quest has multiple sections which are unlocked by completing the previous objectives. Completing a leg of the quest nets you a token which unlocks weapons, abilities, or the next part of the quest. These unlocks take the form of cards, which you can use to ""stack the deck"" in your favor. When starting a new campaign, your hero always has base equipment, but unlocks more through event cards. Unfortunatley, enemies scale as the player does to ""maintain balance."" The result is that you never feel like you can get ahead. Not in combat and not in quests.The quests themselves are well written and a few of them are laugh out loud funny. Unfortunatley, there's only a handful of ways to complete quests. You either offer or ask for supplies, start a combat encounter, or play 4 card monte.The problem with the card game is that it's essentially a dice roll disguised as an actual choice. You have 4 cards. Based on difficulty they will be some variation of ""huge success,"" ""success,"" ""failure,"" or ""huge failure."" This would be ok on it's own, but the game includes a curse debuff that only serves to purposely unbalance this selection process. I'll admit however that I appreciate the fact that the cards are actually shuffled. About 1/4 times you can track the card on top.However, here's an example of what to expect with the 4 card monte:* Have unlucky curse that makes shuffles too fast to see.* Meet ""Cursed Gambler""* Walk away and lose half your foodor* Play 4 card monte* 3 cards are ""failure,"" which results in a curse.* The next card on your journey is ANOTHER ""Cursed Gambler"" and there's still 2 more in the deck.The problem with this card design is that it ""feels"" unfair, which is all that really matters in the question of player retention. Even a rigged dice would ""feel"" better because there's a wider range of options.The farther you go, the more obscene these checks become. Higher level quests (White Minotaur and Spice Trader) may require you to complete 3-5 increasingly unlikely rolls. These quickly become both tedious and ridiculous, especially when you chase a quest all across the board, only to fail the last check before the token. Oh well, better luck next time. Not only that, but some checks are actually completed by failing the roll. You never know what to expect because the rules are constantly changing based on the scenario.So you fail the card selection and enter combat. The dealer draws (2) 4 of Plauges. This means you'll be facing off against 8 ratmen, 2 of them armed with unlimited throwing spears. You enter combat and it's Arkham Asylum style rhythm combat. But there's a problem. Other than pricey artefacts and randomly assigned weapons, you have no upgrades. Standard combat is nothing but smashing the mouse button and raising your sheild when projectiles appear. If you're facing that (2) 4 of Plague, you'll be deflecting poisoned projectiles about every 2 seconds. You gain damage with higher combos and hard mode offers several items that increase your speed and damage so long as you don't get hit, but the projectiles become incredibly difficult to block when faced with more than 5 enemies.All of this makes the combat needlessly frustrating, especially since (as previously stated) enemies improve as the player does and most of them have a lot more HP than you'd expect. Every single enemy in the game has more health than the player, which is needlessly frustrating and I'd argue unbalanced. A default player character has 100hp. A single goblin has enough health to achieve an 11 hit combo with a 23 damage weapon. Worse, they always appears in groups of three. That is objectively bad game design.Mad Max got away with Arkham Asylum combat because it had character upgrades, weapon variation, and enemy variation; Hand of Fate has the same button mashing over and over and over and over and over again. The worst is a quest that requires you to land a chain of 30 hits against enemies with shields who have a 100% to block your attack and will always make an unblockable counter attack to your parry.As a final note, the other problem is the roguelike distribution of event cards on the map. Because a unit of food is used up on each square, you constantly need to replenish supplies. However, you generally have no control over whether you live or die. Non-combat deaths are through no fault of your own. You have no control over your money when a curse (which costs $300 gold to remove) detracts a chunk of your gold at the end of each combat encounter. You have no control of food when the cursed gambler either steals your food or hits you with another curse. Hand of Fate gives the illusion of control through the map and 4 card monte. In reality your choices are limited to stores and how you move in combat. The rest is typically beyond your control or made to look like you're in control when you're just along for the ride. While it does fit with the name ""Hand of Fate"" it doesn't fit with an interactive game.I think I finally know what's missing. Player agency. Unavoidable and disastrous events happen too often for long term play. Combat is too simple and relies heavily on the luck of the equipment draw. Since you know what big creature you're hunting, you can stack the deck for that enemy type, but as you approach the end of the game, you need more and more cards which makes it less and less likely that you'll actually be equipped for the coming boss battle.Pitch Hand of Fate against another rougelike, FTL for example, and see what happens. FTL  put players in a position where they still have options even when they were outgunned and were unable to even damage the enemy. FTL always kept control in the hands of the player, even under the worst conditions.In Hand of Fate the dealer is always in control and the player is just along for the ride. Because the game will choose your optimum cards and because movement squares and event cards are automatically highlighted, you can literally (though with much difficulty) play this game to the end just by endlessly pressing the space bar. If player input is so minimal that a drinking bird can feasibly play at the same skill level as a human, you haven't created a game of choices, you've created a movie that requires button pressing to reach the next scene.All that having been said, I would be open to a Hand of Fate 2 that fixed all of these issues or even Hand of Fate spinoffs in different settings. This is a great experiment, just not a great game."
76561198047941227,Recommended,266510,13690161,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RedMint,"Here's the best compliment I can give this game - I bought Hand of Fate and Shadows of Mordor at the same time, and Hand of Fate is the one that pulled me in the hardest and I'm playing more often, despite the polish of the other AAA title.This game does something I've always wanted to see in a game - watching your encounters be created through chance or fate around you, while you actually play through it. Have been wanting this since way back in the days of Vampire the Masquerade - and it never really came.  Hand of Fate manages this really nicely, as the encounter you are about to face is created by the very cards you draw.  The smooth Arkham-style fighting rounds this out to be a solid, very layered game.The graphics are unique and nice, a cool blend of fancy hand-drawn card/boardgame and more Diablo-esque arcade environments.  You feel like you're across from your nemesis/Game Master and that it's all playing out based on your interactions with him.  The voice acting of this GM-type character is critical to the game since you hear his voice so much, so thankfully they've got A-list voice work here.Very replayable as you collect cards and expand the possibilities of each game.  Roguelike in that once you die, you die and your current adventure is over, but the cards you've earned along the way are still added to future adventures making for even more diversity.This game is in early access right now and it still plays like a complete game.  It's awesome and in only 4ish hours of play I can already tell I'm addicted to it somewhat.  If the developer/s keep polishing and expanding this, I think it could potentially explode on the scene and start a beloved new franchise because so far it's as good as any I've played.Think Talisman meets Magic the Gathering meets Diablo and you'll be roughly in the ballpark.  Thumbs up."
76561198169700297,Recommended,266510,16571468,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DatFancy,"They shouldnt even call this a game...it should be known as art. These developers sure as hell had known what they were doing, this game takes the greatest aspects of a few popular games and puts them into perspective, the combination of choosing different paths, random chances, skill, deck building, inventory management, a unique aray of card abilities, the feeling of a fresh page after every chapter, its amazing how great this game is, so glad I picked it up when I did at 50% off summer sale! I would keep an eye on these guys who made this game, if they do something only half as great as this...it would still be brilliant.Judgement - 9.5/10The games graphics are amazing, and the mix of genres is beautifully put together. I would rate this game 9.5/10. The only flaw this game has is lack of replay-ablility after completing the game, but you still manage to get 24+ hours without even finishing the story. Each set of cards has its own story, the fighting is fun yet challenging, all of the artwork is on fleek, the variations of weapons and cards are vast! This game is a STEAM ESSENTIAL, in my opinion, and if I were you, I would press that add to cart as soon as your done with this sentence."
76561197961212773,Recommended,266510,14562851,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Myers,"I literally HAD to alt+tab in the middle of this game to write this review and recommend this game. It is AWESOME. I've bought MANY games on Steam and I usually get bored of them very quickly, but that is not the case with this one. The dealer is great to listen to, and it really does feel as if he has a personality. This really is an all in one, theres pretty much every genre out there in this game. I would definitely buy this one while it's on sale. Seriously, go buy it. GO! DO IT NOW!!!!"
76561198142581579,Recommended,266510,32744096,Posted: 24 June,all,Malinda,It has an unique game mechanic that uses cards and fighting battles. With an interesting story that leads you into other storys. I would recommend this for players that enjoy role playing. and taking a chance to fail or succeed in your adventure.
76561197980503707,Recommended,266510,29347604,Posted: 18 January,all,Zaimad,"Hand of Fate is... a strategic action brawler game? I'm not quite sure how to categorize Hand of Fate, other than the words ""pure genious"".Picture this: you are a traveller seeking what destiny awaits you. A mysterious fortune teller deals cards face down as if they were the lay of the land, and you move your token across them. Upon contact, the card is lifted and revealed: you have an encounter. You do not necessarily have to fight to resolve most of them, nor should you shy away from combat, nor should you attempt to engage in combat. Each and every choice has potential outcomes and you are encouraged to experiment them all.Of course, you might consider the above description of the gameplay a little vague. Simply put, gameplay revolves around four phases.1) The choice of which adjacent card to move onto, searching for the exit or the boss encounter.2) The event is revealed, which in turn requires that you make choices on your actions and/or throws you into combat.3) The event is resolved, or you died, or something good or bad happened. Either way, consequences.4) You appreciate or despise what happened and move on to the next event as you continue your quest, or start anew if you got killed.The reason this game is so good isn't the simplistic combat when you do fight, nor is it entirely the great amounts of rich descriptions of the events you encounter (although that really helps). It is the dealer's words, commenting on what appears before you, your choices, his scorn when you take his pieces or his joy in seeing you suffer for what torments you. The dealer is an entire third of your enjoyment in this game, and it doesn't disappoint.Frankly, this is the game that I return to play sessions of between 10 minutes to about an hour every now and then. It is wonderful, even when you have seen practically all the possible encounters over and over again. But don't let my words deceive you: you will start the game with few things unlocked. You must complete the dealer's challenges, and with them you are rewarded cards to add to his deck. From better equipment to harder monsters, crossing through new and mysterious encounters as the game naturally progresses to a harsher state with more variability.You will rage. You will laugh. You will listen to a story in which you are the protagonist and the story-teller is your opponent. And you will love the Hand of Fate.Buy it, definitely. Maybe with a discount, but it's really a good game. As of the time of writing, there's also something else you should consider:http://store.steampowered.com/app/456670If you like the Hand of Fate, or if the Hand of Fate 2 is as good or better than the first, buy them both!"
,Recommended,266510,33885921,Posted: 29 July,all,WTWR Zydrate,"I'll write up a full-length proper review eventually but so far, I quite enjoy this game and I'm not overly fond of cardgames. However certain roguelikes recently have enchanted me to the genre, and I'm not a player that appreciates difficulty. I play to have fun, getting destroyed is not fun. When I don't have fun, I don't play.Still, after my extended stint on Shadow of Mordor and Mad Max, I was highly familiar with HoF's combat system which I've taken to like a champ, surviving a dozen enemies on ten health or so, and once my procedural card-bound dungeon actually helped me recover from 3 hitpoints to a full 90 after a few particularly lucky encounters. So the game doesn't go out of its way to ruin you like other roguelikes, as I've noticed the majority of my health loss is from the combat itself (I say right after bragging...) Some say the combat is the weaker point of the game but I feel it does the job and doesn't outstay its welcome; An open world this is not. The combat is there to give yourself a break from the ocassional bouts of reading.So this game is essentially a dungeon crawler that builds itself with cards, and you go through many DnD-like encounters and storylines that include feeding peasants, begging an elf for stuff, and following the trail of destruction from a group of mages. Great stuff.In my two hours I haven't died yet but it's cutting close. Upon subsequent playthroughs, your deck size gets bigger (hurr?) which allows for better chances at decent gear, while enemies remain a bit tougher to take out as well. I find myself having a lot of fun with it and that's what matters."
,Not Recommended,266510,29737325,Posted: 6 February,all,Updog,"If you're looking for a card game / dungeon crawler / Batman simulator, this is the game for you, but you'll probably get bored before the end of the story mode.It does a lot of different things, and most of them work really well. The art is great, the dialogue is well written, well performed, and well programmed (even by AAA standards), and it's just a really sexy premise. However, a lot of the elements clash against each other, rather than gelling together. For example, the Dealer is a fine character, but his dialogue distracts you from reading all the text (PRO TIP: you can skip all the text boxes and not miss anything). The tone of the dialogue is awesomely dark, which makes some of the goofy card text feel inappropriate. The card illustrations feel realistically medieval, and so it's really jarring when the combat looks like superheroes smacking each other in the middle of a laser light show, and the player is represented by a comedic murderhobo with a silly beard.The first big problem is the combat system. It's exactly the same as the Batman: Arkham games, except much MUCH slower, more forgiving, and less exciting. The camera is useless, the hitboxes are vague, the animation and voice acting is terrible, and the rhythm just feels wrong. It simultaneously feels insultingly easy, and unfairly hard. If you're familiar with the Batman games, this game will just be really frustrating.The second big problem is that the game feels really slow and sluggish. Every single thing takes a few seconds more than it should, and it really adds up to a big frustration. In FTL, when you get to a store, you click the ""store"" button and it instantly pops up. In this game, you need to wait for a loading screen to load a completely pointless 3D environment. When you make a decision with a random outcome, it shows this long unskippable animation of cards shuffling. And don't even get me started on how slow the combat is--it's like the battles are taking place underwater! And in case it's not slow enough already, it goes to slow motion whenever you do a special attack. That made sense in Arkham Asylum, because it's a very cinematic game about a badass superhero, but it just doesn't work in a gritty roguelike. (And in Batman, it doesn't slow down EVERY TIME, and you can push a button to cancel the slowmo.) I really wish I could set the entire game to 200% speed.Ultimately, despite all the time you spend on exploring the board and managing your resources, the game just boils down to one combat encounter after another. All the methodical slowness on the game board feels like pointless delays. And since the combat isn't fun enough, it just gets boring after a while. To me, a good roguelike (like FTL) is one you can play over and over again. This game, I'm pretty much done with it before finishing the story campaign. So while there's a lot of good stuff in this game, and I had fun during the short time I spent with it, I have to give it a thumbs down.(The ""hours played"" on my account is not accurate; I accidentally left the game open in the background one day.)"
76561197966141584,Recommended,266510,12148399,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,FUSE VR,"Awesome Genremix between Cardgame and Beat em Up with a Combo-Chain System a la the Batman Series, allthough with less Combos than Batman. Filled up with some nice RPG Elements in terms of Equipment such as different Weapons, Armor, Spells etc. Nice amount of Cards to collect and lots of Items to choose from. Free Deck-Builder and Endless Mode gives you Tons of Fun. Definitly worth every Cent.Little con: The Mixing Sequence on the beginning of the Match should be skippable. Takes a bit long until the Match starts."
76561198042281318,Recommended,266510,21650904,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sairvell,"The mix of abstract rogue-like events drawn from a virtual deck of cards that is then played out in a Batman-esque fighting game makes Hand of Fate an easy game to recommend. The graphics are colorful, the sounds great and the voice over narration achieves something I've not seen in another game: an adversary that breaks the fourth wall and speaks directly to the player.The Dealer concept works for several hours of play as a sort of mentor, antagonist, peer and philosopher, making all manner of observations and acidic quips. This masked character sets up the field of play, composed of upside down cards arranged in a variety of formations. You move a simple, game-board style pawn, like if Monopoly went all Dungeons & Dragons, navigating a limited number of routes to find the stairs to the next level.The Dealer both taunts and encourages you along to a particular confrontation, completing a story-mode mission; or, in the case of endless-mode, the script runs short and he quickly begins repeating himself.While the game offers a fair amount of loot and situations to encounter, and the developers do seem to be adding more of both, it is limited not just by this single narrator, the Dealer, but by a total lack of customization of your character. Every time you play, you look like a background character from Ragnar's troupe on Vikings. While the Dealer is faceless, your character is stamped with one single solitary, indelible look. Seeing options for both, even in the form of a DLC that included more encounter cards and such, would enhance the replayability and deepen the experience.The combat keeps things fresh with relatively simple controls and a rock-paper-scissors structure of moves and counter-moves. Adding in the variety of effects such as freezing, cooldown reductions, stunning etc allows for a great many synergies to discover through repeated play. I did find the documentation of just how all these different statuses and statistics interacted to be lacking, but I don't think it ultimately effected my enjoyment of Hand of Fate.For me, combining the abstract fantasy tropes of the encounter cards with the fun, colorful and continually improved-upon combat, hit that sweet spot of allowing for my own imagination (excepting for being trapped with the one skin) to exist alongside the developer's sense of imagination. Hand of Fate helped me imagine many fun, pointless, rollicking and satisfying fantasy beat'em ups, so I give this both thumbs up."
,Recommended,266510,14791929,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,bidji,"A really good game that shows a  developer with talent can achieve great things with Unity. And also that you don't have to spend $60 on a game for it to be fun and compelling.Hand of Fate offers a nice mix of card game and roguelike-like and does so brilliantly. The graphics are really nice, in sort of a dark/cartoonish style that I find really easy on the eyes. It runs really well, obviously, given that it doesn't try to go into the spectacular visuals with tons of shaders and post-effects. Instead it offers a solid, stylized presentation where nothing feels out of place. The voice acting is quite good, too, and helps set the mood, with the card dealer commenting on your choices and their consequences. There probably aren't hundreds of hours of recorded audio, but what little there is is quality voice acting and writing.Gameplay wise, it's mostly a tarrot game of sorts with some third-person Batman-like brawling action to spice things up from time to time. The action scenes are relatively well executed, as in they're functional (if not grandiose) and offer a fun way to see your bonus/equipment cards in action. They also help adding some manner of player agency in a game that's mainly RNG vs. you. TLDR: the actions scenes, while not the best brawling gameplay you can find, are well integrated and end up making the game a better, more varied experience as a whole.All in all, Hand of Fate feels like a very well crafted little game, that's not yet another 16bit pixel style roguelite, and asks very little $ for what it has to deliver."
76561198086791194,Recommended,266510,28554138,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Seikara,"It's one of the most unique games I've played involving cards as its main driving gameplay. The weakest aspect of this game has to be the poorly designed combat and the disgusting lack of any real character creation. Fortunately, everything else is a hit! The gameplay is intriguing and keeps you coming back for more. The interaction between you and the dealer is glorious and deserve much praise because the man behind the voice did a terrific job nailing the mysterious and inviting, but yet also very intimidating dealer. Enough has been said about the gameplay, so I'll spare you the time. Do yourself a favor and buy it!"
,Recommended,266510,22909139,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Ragnaman,"Good:+ The dealer, a great NPC and largely responsible why you will want to continue the game;+ That feel, where a game is a life or death affair, something more than just a game;+ Replay factor, plenty of cards to collect.This game is not a card game as such, it uses the ""universe"" of cards (regular, tarot, collectible, etc.) to tell a story and is the core mechanic for various logistics (gear, movement, decision);All in all, game is fun and gives a vibe of mystery about it. Surprisingly not-bad title that has come out of Unity."
,Recommended,266510,22077148,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"I want to start off by taking aim at a misconception. People tend to say Hand of Fate is a brawler, roguelike, and deckbuilder put together, but there's really not a deckbuilding function in the sense that people drawn to the word are going to want. Your encounters, gear, map layouts, etc. are represented by cards but it's more a way to reduce encounters to separate instances. It's an abstraction of systems you'd find in any roguelike. It's not Ascension or Dominion or anything like that.And that's fine! Hand of Fate is no more diminished by not being a deckbuilder than an apple is diminished by not being an orange.Hand of Fate gives a lot of bang for the buck with a reasonably deep brawling system -- a bit shallower than Arkham Asylum but deeper and more rewarding than most every game that's tried to recreate it since. Hack and slash, shield bash, counterattack, leap, roll, reflect attacks, and use powerful magic tied to cooldowns. Your experience in combat might change a lot based on the character you run, the gear they're carrying, and the blessings and curses that follow them into battle.The overworld is drawn out by cards. Each room, each challenge, each store and story element finds its place on your dungeon-crawl from the dealer's hand shuffling out your cards. Your choices here determine whether you go to battle in gleaming armor with the favor of the gods on your shoulders or drag your starving, penniless, curse-tainted husk to its last stand.Overall, there's plenty of content and loads of depth to ensure you get your money's worth, and a series of free expansions make Hand of Fate a good buy."
76561197986780274,Recommended,266510,14536960,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,jonzes,"Super impressed, starts out really easy but gets brutally hard.  Like FTL but with more action component and a deck building mechanic.  Totally worth a buy!"
,Recommended,266510,15273399,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,iZ,"This game is very fun and slowly becomes brutal, at the end you will be making sacrifices to RNGesus to be merciful to you, and he will not hear your prayers."
,Recommended,266510,34086021,Posted: 7 August,all,Different55,"Solid game with tons of polish. It's an odd mishmash of a board game, roguelike, and DnD, with real time Arkham-style combat that's all tied together absolutely seamlessly. And I mean that literally. The attention to detail on this game is insane, there are no unnatural jumps or skips in anything. From background track to background track, from table to terrain, from dodging to attacking, there are *no* odd seams showing, every aspect has had attention poured into it.Combat's fun, has a flowing kind of feel to it. And it always feels winnable.That goes for the entire game, if you die you always feel like there's something you could have done to avoid it. Don't get me wrong, the game will try to screw you over. But like the dealer says, the game will be won or lost fairly.Speaking of the dealer, the voice acting and his animations and seriously just everything are amazing. He's adds everything to the game even though it'd still be the same game without a dealer. Having some force of nature like him that you're facing really adds a lot to the game, and he was done flawlessly.But yeah, nothing but praise for this game. It can be a bit frustrating at times in the later levels where you're getting curse after curse layered on top of you but through it all, it always feels winnable and I always feel like I have to play for just one more round. Rounds are short, maybe 20 minutes tops? So it's easy to pick up and play in any small amount of free time you have."
,Recommended,266510,14577254,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Bonaduce,"A unique atmosphere, world and crafted story of your own making-akin to sitting down with friends to play a dnd/pathfinder-style game driven by cards and executed with your own hack and slash character. Although at times I'm finding the combat a little ""off"" (turning issues at crucial times can get me in trouble) the engaging playstyle and earnest dealer with whom you face off keeps you coming back to hit the ""start"" button over and over. The difficulty does ramp up as you slide through the tutorial games and into more challenging cards and encounters. As I write this it's 20% off and worth taking advantage of."
76561197997899034,Recommended,266510,11264803,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Sandsifter,"Very interesting game. It definitely has that ""one more try"" factor going for it.I'm 60 years old, and have been playing computer games since they were born. I have 195 of them in my steam library, and this is the first review I've submitted. Well, I don't actually plan to review it (I'm way too lazy for that tonight), but this is the first time in a long while that I felt obliged to post a comment. The reason I'm doing that is that I have a feeling that this game might just slip under the radar, and never fulfill it's potential...and that would be a shame. I've seen that happen many times over the years, and ""potential"", is often somethiing that's never followed up on. I know that. My eight grade nun predicted that I ""had so much potential, but I'd never make anything of myself""...and she was ""spot on"" with that observation. But I digress ;) The game still needs a bit of work in terms of balancing, some of the choices that are offered are a bit too random...maybe a bit of RPG type progression could be introduced to help with that, but it's certainly playable right now.Anyway, I'd recommend that you give it a try. Use a controller; I'm more a keyboard guy myself, but keyboard/mouse is a little clumsy at the moment.I'm only a few hours into it, but I'm actually planning to give some feedback to the developers. That's rare for me :)Sandsifter"
,Recommended,266510,14549923,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,mr.Badim,"It is a single player ""Munchkin"". Much better and more intresting then board version, if you ask me."
,Recommended,266510,12877278,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"It's like a single-player Dungeons and Dragons campaign but with cards instead of a Dungeon Master and real time combat instead of rolling dice.You can build your own deck out of hundreds of cards and then fight against it... When you get in an encounter, it becomes a ""Batman"" style beat'em-up, requiring pressing action commands at the correct time in order to dodge/counter/etc.Loads of fun, should maybe be a bit cheaper but still worth it's price. 7/10"
,Recommended,266510,26306115,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Akane,"It's like playing D&D alone with your sore loser friend as DM, he won't quit until you lose.Would keep beating his♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again.10/10"
,Recommended,266510,31403356,Posted: 27 April,all,Pancakes,"If you enjoy a good card game, then this is immediately worth checking out, and even if not, the narrator alone makes this game worth a look in my opinion. Sure, the animation in the actual combat is a bit janky and sometimes odd-looking, but it still looks at least decent and you won't see allthatmuch of it. Other than that a very pretty game overall, and the card faces, great writing, and animation on the Dealer make up for the combat animation by leaps and boundsThe deck building mechanic is very well constructed and well balanced, and the game can get brutal at times if you aren't careful about how you spend your resources.Just for example, I gave a whole lot of my food to a priest to be blessed, then lost all of my gold to bandits and couldn't buy more food. Luckily, the blessing was being healed for every enemy I killed. Thus, I made my way across uninhabited lands, slaughtering everything I could find to combat my ongoing starvation, until I found a stack of gold right next to a store and blew it all on supplies.And throughout it all, the Dealer just lamented how boring it would be for me to starve to death, asked if it was getting to me yet, and contemplated how he could save me with a single card, but that that would be ""breaking the rules"".I've not found many games that can create experiences quite like Hand Of Fate can, and really, this game is so lovingly crafted I just have to recommend it for the sheer amount of character it has! The voice actor for the Dealer and the creators of the music deserve commendations of some kind, because this is truly a wonderful game to listen to."
76561197990876273,Recommended,266510,32940025,Posted: 28 June,all,Eurostylz,Hooked. Very unique game that involves cards - and I love cards!
76561198025335556,Recommended,266510,25506226,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Ratt,"This game is very cinematic; between its mostly turn-based and dialogue-option-heavy gameplay, the great writing and voice acting for the Dealer, and its excellent atmosphere, this is a great game to play with a friend in a dark room (no, it's not horror or jump scare trash). I picked it up after seeing it on a late-night stream, and I've since had friends watch it via Steam broadcast and heckle me to go disturb that ancient tomb because there might be loot in it. It even draws heavily enough from traditional storytelling and keeps its (most visible) video-gamey mechanics simple enough that I could imagine even someone who doesn't play video games enjoying it as a spectator/backseat player; try it with a family member or loved one and leave a comment here about how it goes! I mean that.That said, it's also enjoyable alone. I've spent enough nights with the Dealer, on hard mode because I like a good roguelike challenge, dying over and over at the hands of vampires or old gods or that bloody kraken that isn't even the final boss or what have you. His dialogue is intimate, and like I said, he does a great job setting the tone and atmosphere of the piece; like so many adventurers before you who have tried and failed, you have wandered into his parlour, and you now play a magical card game built from memories of your adventuring life that may very well have your immortal soul hanging in the balance.I admit to having been spoiled by free MMOs, to having sinking thousands of hours and zeroes of dollars into individual games skew my perception of value, but most non-free games feel outrageously expensive to me for what they offer, especially when they're short. Hand of Fate is a glorious exception, one of the very few games that I have not once regretted buying, an honour limited among my Steam library to it, FTL, and possibly Portal 1.tl;dr 10/10 shining ♥♥♥♥ing diamond of game design buy it now"
,Recommended,266510,12192393,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,MonsterTM,"If you like mystical rpg adventures. This HAS to be in your game list. You can costomize what event cards you can use, and also what equipe you may find. I would say 50% of the game is chance based, while the other 50% is skill based. The combat is simple, which makes it special, no special attention needed. WASD to move, click to hit, Q to parry/counter, E for execution, and 2 for special item ability, thats all. The voice actor is also amazing.10/10eNjoy! ^-^"
76561197976806268,Recommended,266510,14516158,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ricochet,"One of the most entertaining , immersive , well thought out FUN! games i have played in a couple years .. Worth every cent .. Grats to the dev on its release and a fine job.."
76561198027284352,Recommended,266510,24660084,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,sapling,"Fun to play, recommend using a controller."
,Recommended,266510,14662600,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[NA.BF]Price,"F``king blow my mind!If you like card game,buy it.If you like action game, buy it.If you like narrative-driven game, buy it.If you like a fantastic game, buy it."
,Recommended,266510,28803437,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Yodzilla,"Hand of Fate is an unexpected gem. It's a deck building rogue-lite with Choose Your Own Adventure elements and combat similar to the Arkham Batman series. If that description is confusing don't worry, the game itself is pretty straightforward and easy to understand.Really the thing that sells this game is the presentation and dialog. The mysterious dealer is a great character who guides you through your quests in a really engaging way. There's a ton of replayability and I've honestly never played a game quite like this.If the game had a downside it's that the combat isn't nearly as smooth as it could be but it still gets the job done. Highly recommended for people who want something unique to sink hours into."
76561198059342148,Recommended,266510,33963975,Posted: 1 August,all,Hmongherooooo,"I really enjoyed the game and I am quite excited for HOF2. As a very unlucky person, I still am able to enjoy this game, half the time you are going to die due to how unfair it is going to get, but at the same time, it's mostly luck.The game is basically played almost like a Rogue DnD session where you are placed on a board of random encounter cards, you have food,gold, and health. Food is basically used to move around the board and also live + regen. You complete each ""board"" of 4-8 cards by finding the ""exit"" card. There's either an endless mode, or a story mode. With each, there's a lot of encouters in the game that make it interesting, of course, once you see a new encounter, you get used to seeing them everytime, but you unlock more the more you complete them. The encounters themselves may have a story to them, or a simple event. Some encounters can be generous while others require you to choose your fate. Most encounters make you select from 4 chance cards ( it can be 1 huge failure, 1 huge success, 1 failure, 1 success ). It's up to your luck and your choice, or you can avoid most of them. Through the encounters you gain random items. The loot is pretty interesting, not too game changing, there are just shields, helmets, armor, weapons, rings, and trinkets which only affect combat. The board aspect of this game is completely chance, you could honestly die from starvation with no control over it ( you do get an upgrade near the end of the game that makes food plentiful).As for the combat from certain encounters or the boss for the story, it's decent and simple, It does take some time getting used to the timing and the camera angle. The first thing to think of is Batman combat with more timing ( and the further you get into the game, the more traps appear on each battlefield). There's not much to such a simple combat, which I like.Overall, it's a pretty good game with interesting mechanics. I came back to the game after getting it a long time ago, but everything is still amazing. As for the graphics, sound and etc, it's all fine."
76561198049194645,Not Recommended,266510,16653156,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sonic Shoe[NGC],"this game is the definition of wasted potential. sure it's fun for the first couple hours. you'll breeze past the first half of the content in about 2-4 hours, but once you get about two thirds of the way through, the game takes a massive difficulty spike. the game starts reusing old boss fights, but they use them along side other groups of enemies, in addition to the ones that that the boss comes bundled with. see every time you fight a boss they summon 2-4 enemies to fight along side them at the start of the battle. it's impossible to fight *just* a boss. this wouldn't be a huge problem, except that in addition to fighting the bosses again, with more enemies this time, the bosses and their mooks are all powered up, they have more health, and more (and more powerful) moves. now all of theses things combine would be challenging, but managable if not for one major flaw: the arenas in which you fight get smaller and smaller as the game progresses. at the start of the game you fight 1 boss and about 2-3 enemies in a REALLY big arena making it possible to divide and conquer, and avoid attacks. by the end of the game, you can wind up facing about 10+ enemies including 2 bosses in an arena about a quarter of the size in which you found the original boss encounter. oh by the way the second to last boss is in one of the smallest arenas in the game, spawns with 4 ranged units with shields, has undblockable attacks, can block attacks himself, AAAANNNNNDDDDD his minions can't be killed until AFTER you kill the boss. oh and his unkillable minions (seemingly intentionally) position themselves between you and the big guy, and even when they aren't in your way, sometimes your character just seems to ignore him. the autoaim on your attacks seem to prioritize his unkillable minions for some reason, and even when he's alone, it will just ignore him entirely.all of this only outlines the problems with the combat encounters. most of the other encouters in the game are strictly luck based, and rely entirely on you winning a 25% roll, or you lose most of your equipment/health/provisions.all I can say is, I hope the devs look at this game, figure out all the stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they got wrong, and make an awesome sequel, because if not for its compeletly unforgivable, unignorable, experience ruining flaws, this game would be in the running for the greatest game I've ever played. that said, don't buy it. it's not worth you money because you'll never be able to actually beat it without getting incredibly lucky and I mean that literally, no matter how well you play, no matter how clever you are, most of the game comes down to situations where you have a 75-100% chanace of immediately dying a completely unvoidable death.--------------------------------------------------------------------Response to developer's comment:the graveyard deals a ton of damage (I think I lost like 45 health most of it in max health reduction) to you if you are cursed, and you are always cursed passed the first wing if I'm not mistaken (100% chance for a negative, potentially run ruinning outcome especially on levels like the king of scales where you lose health/food/gold randomly and can easily starve). also the treasure chest goes from being a nearly garunteed free gain to a nearly garunteed chance to lose most of your health to gas and a mimick (again, often in permanent health reduction). those are the ones that come to mind right now, but I know there are others.basically some cards like the graveyard have a garunteed negative outcome if you don't know what they do ahead of time and put them in your deck at the wrong time, and others go from being really good during the early stages of the game to just being a death sentence later like treasure chest.now don't get me wrong, I don't mind that the cards change as the game progresses, I mind that they change completely *without any warning.* if the game told you ahead of time that certain encounters where going to get more difficult that would be one thing, but when an important part of my strategy for getting a good run going with decent gear arbitrarily decides to kill me with out warning... that's when I get a bit upset.my reccomendation would be to put a level indicator on encouters similar to the monster cards to warn you ""hey this has a much bigger chance to go south, you sure you still want it in your deck?"" but instead you have to learn that it can screw over your entire run by having it screw over your entire run, and that really sucks.all that said, I love the ideas you guys put into the game, it's really REALLY cool, it's just that the luck vs. skill could use a little bit of balancing more towards skill --or at least informed deck building-- and the arenas just get way to small and crowded to fight in later on and both those things really ruin an otherwise ingenious game.oh and btw, I hate playing games on easy mode x)"
,Recommended,266510,14575877,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,bubbaste,"Don't know if anyone has bought a game on the strength of ratings or reviews and then hated everything about it? Well I have, many times, my library is choc full of them. Well this is an exception to that rule, its truly wonderful in my opinion. Have paid full triple a prices for a lot of games that didn't seem even half as polished as this is overall, it has it's janky moments yes, but they do get lost in the overall game and are very, very easily forgiven. Do yourselves a favour and pick this up because I see this being in many ""pundits"" top games list come 2016 :)"
,Recommended,266510,34540857,Posted: 27 August,all,Mico Selva,"A pretty cool fantasy adventure card game with brawler 'Batman-Arkham' style combat and great mood, provided in large part by the well-done dealer entity you are playing against, and also the game's excellent soundtrack. Steady influx of new cards, modifiers and a large degree of randomization keep the game fresh all the way through.Recommended with the Wildcards DLC, as different starting classes provide additional gameplay variety (each class has its own storyline too)."
,Recommended,266510,32916481,Posted: 28 June,all,Kaidros,"Its a game about cards, RNG, some battles but mostly fun.If you like not knowing what fate lies ahead of you and you enjoy the fun random luck(or bad luck) can bring then I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,266510,22834557,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hitt.william,"I will recommend Hand of Fate, but certainly not without qualification.  Many elements of this game involve the RNG - the success/failure card picks, the combination of enemies you face in a given encounter (and the environment in which you face them), the weapons/magic/blessings/armor you have access to in a given game.  All of this can lead to a very frustrating experience.  You may desire to complete a ""quest,"" only to find that you can't seem to get the ""success"" card multiple times in the card game. Sometimes, you won't even see the quest card that game.  Perhaps I should've seen all this coming? I enjoyed the Arkham Asylum-esque combat, and the ability to create both your equipment and encounter decks. My main recommendation would be simply to quit after you finish the campaign. Tying up the lose ends, even if you enjoy the game, may be more trouble than it's worth."
76561198115502825,Recommended,266510,32796057,Posted: 25 June,all,Aaron,"I've had my eye on this game since it came out and since it was on sale I finally got it. It's loads of fun and the game is broken up into missions/ mini campaigns if you wanna say and so far each one lasts under 30mins so there isn't too much time dedication to just pick it up and play a round or so. Even though my laptop can't run this that well I must say I still really enjoy the quality of this game and snagging it for $5 was a nice bonus.The dlc is abit of a cash grab though, it just adds some new starting classes and items they start with but still great game!TLDR: If it's on sale and it looks interesting, Buy it!!"
,Recommended,266510,14562865,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,AlphaDiode ©,"Where did this mystery of a game come from? Out of nowhere it seems. I was intrigued when I saw the store page and watched some videos via Steam broadcasting. There's nothing quite like it. At its core its a card game where you start immediately in some mysterious location, at a very creepy gaming table and even more mysterious dealer. He deals encounter cards which form your ""playing board"".You move your token around the board uncovering the cards and your story or ""fate"" unfolds as the title implies. The encounter cards vary from quests, travelers, monsters, combat, shops, weapons, artifacts, blessings, curses, mazes and all sorts of other things (good and bad) too numerous to mention. Many of the cards offer you a choice which you must consider carefully as it will affect the outcome of the game. Your goal is to defeat boss encounters and move your way up to more challenging decks and bosses. All the while the dealer talking and commentating on the state of the game. The voice acting is superb. A very well done and hypnotizing soundtrack really sets the mood and makes you feel like your taking place in something epic.As you play you unlock more cards which then go into your deck and the dealer's deck both of which you can customize within the game rules. This makes the game even more interesting and varied as you go and replay again. In the end though each play session is procedurally generated as he deals the cards, adding some of his own and making each play through unique. Will you live or die? What waits for you at the end of the card chain? You'll just have to play to find out.Your three primary resources are health, gold and food, all of which are necessary to proceed. Along the way you'll need to (hopefully) acquire enough and manage/spend them all wisely or you might find yourself rich and starving, or poor and overfed with not enough gear to stay alive in combat. It's your choice but balance seems to work the best.The combat takes place in 3D top down arenas played Diablo style. It's fast paced, dramatic, very tense and requires quick reflexes. Here you can use artifacts, special weapon powers and abilities if you're fortunate enough to have found them to help you in your fight. If not then well.....good luck.Table graphics are excellent. The card art is average. The fighting arena graphics won't win any awards but are decent enough to get the job done. It doesn't matter though because the gameplay trumps everything else and that's clearly where the devs put most of their efforts. With the exception of the final level difficulty which is miserably hard, the game is near perfect.It's risky pushing the boundaries of stale genres and the litany of ""card"" games that flood the store. This game succeeds in doing so on so many levels. Highly recommended if you're looking for something different."
76561197994364064,Recommended,266510,23159741,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,leftlobe!?,Cool deck building game. Lots of replay value as gaining cards and going through dungeons is never really the same twice. Would definitly recommend.
76561197978024377,Recommended,266510,29415208,Posted: 21 January,all,shaseki,"Firstly, I need to enter in my overall bias for the game. It's Australian made, therefore it's freaking awesome!That aside the game delivers a turned based competent along with a live-action platform environment. I'm going to describe both for you.The turned based competent is a card delivery system where prior to going on your adventure you can select your deck of cards for scenario's and then select your deck of cards for equipment (ranging from weapons, sheilds, armour, rings and spells). The higher you rank in your adventuring quest the more cards you can have in your deck.You start your adventure on a 'dungeon crawl' in a turned based environment where food and gold is your life essence to get to the end game/boss. On each move a random card is flipped to tell you a tale or a random scenario that you will need to select your course of action. The course of action may having you flipping on a x4 success or failure card. Failure could result in lost health or food/gold. Getting to traders and selling some of your gear helps you move on.A scenario based could result in an encounter - which then brings you to the live-action platform part of the game, you have your warrior in a rear facing fight controlled by mouse and keyboard (gamepad optional). The card flip will result in the amount of monsters you are engaging and the tier level of monsters. Your fight then has you fighting trying to keep your hit sequence as high as you can to score crits, so it can bea a fast flowing combat.Overall this is a great go to game when you have 15 minutes or 2 hours to spare gaming. End of game will score you 'chips' which give you more cards to play with.There are modes you can play in for difficulty and an endless mode to see how far you can really go too, which is highly enjoyable or at times distarous based on your choices.A great game for the avid casual gamer market.Oh and the dealer has pure sex for a voice :)7.5 / 10"
,Recommended,266510,27440881,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tigerion,"An amazing aussie developed game, it is my personally GOTY for 2015Plays out like a deck builder card game and as you progress through the challenges you unlock more cards. Lots of little sub plots on the cards. The deck determines the challenge.The 2nd part of the game is a fairly standrd 3rd person brawler with some nice abilitiesI highly recommend the DLC as well, the different player characters enahnce the game a add great replayability"
,Recommended,266510,22228182,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,MHC,"I kept my distance from this game for a long while since I was concerned it would be too easy and light. That initially appears to be the case when you first start playing the campaign, but after a while it begins to ramp up and you get access to the ""Infinite"" score attack mode where the real meat and potatoes of the game is at. Really enjoyable."
,Recommended,266510,13338210,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,JesterRadia,"Intresting, stylish adventure awaits!Storyline and setting make this game a very enjoyable expierence, concept of a card-driven rogue game add a rather plesant taste.However, there are some problems with battle system. And this is actually the only problems I can think of.Firstly, in a battle everything against you, even the camera. It is sort of fixed and how many times I got hit just because I can't see the enemy right in front of my character - I can't even count.Secondly, slowmotion. It happens, yeah, cool stuff, but... It throw timing of the strike off balance so much, that it feels like your opponent DOES NOT GET AFFECTED by slow-mo. It can be just a feeling, though, but it leaves a bitter aftertaste.And third problem is the time which your char needs to react to a pressed button. Even if you press counter at the moment an emblem of a throwing weapon appear above your head, it doesn't mean you will reflect it at all. Timings a bit of odd.But! This game is great, seriously. And very good. Especially, the comments of your wizard opponent, so much soul put in this game... It rocks."
,Recommended,266510,13891077,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Torinir,"Take MTG, add in Rogue, sprinkle in some malevolent RNG Gods and spice it with Tarot and you have the unholy child that is Hand of Fate.Fun game, but can get immensely frustrating if the cards don't fall right."
76561197970604668,Recommended,266510,14518873,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Teebor,"I cannot recommend this game enough.  It is difficult, awkward, challenging, fun, enjoyable, and most importantly it keeps you coming back for more.What outwardly may look like a simple card game starts to become very strategic in how you build your deck as you try to get that perfect run to that last fight.  All the while not being helped along by the dealer with his smart alec comments and little stories just to make sure you feel better about that decision to sell your sword so you can buy just a little more food.This game will give you the world and then smack you down hard with the back of the dealers hand in the next step.  Want a hand with healing? Well there you go, now here is something that stops you from being healed.You will keep coming back for more"
,Recommended,266510,14570702,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cabelera,"Really enjoying this game! It has a lot of replayability and changes on every playthrough.Wish the combat was a bit more interesting, but that is just a small part of the game anyways.Worth the money for sure!"
,Recommended,266510,14268420,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,FroBodine,"Where has this game been all my life?  This game came out of nowhere for me. I found it after seeing a Steam friend playing it, and I investigated. This game is outstanding, and just plain old tons of fun!I have only defeated the first two bosses, but I am loving the story and design of this game. The battles are fun, the collecting aspect is very cool for OCD collecting types like me, and the decisions are interesting and compelling.Well done, developers (I'm not even sure who you are), you done good! I hope this game does well and keeps being supported with updates, expansions, etc."
76561197994002516,Recommended,266510,16704650,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,despana,"Finaly game is finished and not ""Early Access"" anymore. So I bought it.In brief: It's great game. AWESOME ONE. Do not hesistate to buy it.Gameplay 10/10.Quality 10/10.A lot of negative reviews is about ""randomness"" and ""fail design"". It is not. You sould be aware of cards in your deck and plan ahead. Do no not use ""Recommended deck"" feature.Play on hard level (Warlord) - it's perfectly balanced challenge."
,Recommended,266510,29738983,Posted: 6 February,all,Kraden,"This is the most fair challenging game I've played in years. Sometimes you'll have a bad run that you can recover from, sometimes you'll flip the table after having a good start. But each time you play a round, you as a player get better. Better at assesing the risks of some cards, better at learning enemy movement patters, better at knowing how far you can go off course.Each time you win a round is a personal achievement against a cunning opponent, and the final victory is satisfying in knowing it was your skills and work that made it happen.Cards are fun. The combat system is dynamic bus simple (like Batman:Arkham series). Lots of re-playability!"
76561198127924180,Recommended,266510,31926844,Posted: 23 May,all,phoniexyhate,"I love this game. It reminds me of tabletop games so much. The person that antagonizes you is the person that sets up the game. He isn't too interactive, but he has a wide series of lines with sass that doesn't get old too soon. You'd think this game is straight forward with success, but quite the opposite, some opportunities only happen with failure or counterintuitive measures. It does not have magic or ranged as their main priorities, mostly going for dodge, melee, and counter attacks. This game is fun with almost every adventure there is a chance to unlock more parts of the game, more cards and solutions that activate with certain items on hand."
76561198022863859,Recommended,266510,29996063,Posted: 17 February,all,MJ,"ProsCards!Choose your adventure kind of gameArkham-style combatGorgeous modelsThe dealerRoguelikeConsSome crashes on an coupld of eventsGraphicsThis game looks gorgeous. I love its style and totally nails itGameplayPlays a bit like a trading card game where you have your decks and build them but at the same time it plays like a choose your adventure gameThere are tons of events and I totally recommend you to buy the DLC. Some of them are more RNG than others but they feel very, very rewardingMany events work like quests you must complete to unlock the following quests (cards)Honestly, this game has a great design and everything works really, really wellAudioGreat voiceover and audio effectsThe soundtrack is fantasticFinal ThoughtsI loved this game. On theory, when trying to explain to someone one the game plays, it sounds like a mess of tons of ideas merged into one game but this plays super well.Just pick it up with the DLC, I promise it won't disappoint you, it's a fantastic game.Higly recommended!"
,Recommended,266510,22888590,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Commissar Dan,"Worth its price and more.Excellent concept, incredible replayability, wonderful voice acting (The Dealer is the only person speaking), cool fusion between a card game and a hack-and-slash, where the meta card game sets your abilities, equipment, blessings, curses, and challenges in the short hack-and-slash battles in closed rooms.Great variety of cards and stories.The downsides - can't customize your character, big discrepancy between very easy and very hard cards, the Dealer's voice actor is so good you'll wish they recorded more lines for him. Really, I'd pay more for a DLC where he talks more.Overall, very satisfied, an 8 or 9 out of 10 (5 being an average game, so that's pretty high score).Worth up to $40 in my opinion. DLC is worthwhile as well, but I would play the main story first and see if you like it. You'll love it or hate it. If you love it, buy the DLC before continuing."
,Recommended,266510,16623335,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,smocaine,"I never really expected to enjoy a computer card game, which makes sense because this isn't a card game. I've always loved story-driven role playing games. This isn't a role playing game. There is a story - I think - but I'm not sure what it is or what it is about. Is it about the dealer? Or is it about the bearded hero? Or is it about me behind the fourth wall? The dealer is not a fortune teller, and yet he knows why I'm playing, even though I'm silent like all the others."
76561198052240531,Recommended,266510,27383601,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mcxar,"Simple and very good game, also cheap, no excuses to not own this little gem."
,Recommended,266510,29434247,Posted: 22 January,all,Kuroko,"Hand of Fate is a great twist on the roguelike genre that bursts with potential. Its full of surprising charm, from its charismatic dealer to its invigorating music, and the deckbuilding and evolving encounters are addictive. Its real-time combat is a welcome change and ought to tip the balance in your favour, but too often it feels more unfair than the chance elements themselves. It will both involve and frustrate, but overall it's a success and worth the purchase."
,Recommended,266510,12223627,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,IronToastBot,"First Game.Get beat up by starving peasants.Get beat up by bandits for the amusement of others.Get beat up by rocks. Then get beat up by the bandits throwing said rocks.Lost in the desert, so I pray to Old Gods for help. Get hit by an arrow. Beat up by bandits.Devil shows up? Dies.Second Game.No food. Losing health.Starving peasants see I'm starving.They don't beat me up.""Oh boy, this is the best day ever!""Starve to death.10/10, will die again."
76561197974216683,Recommended,266510,26718271,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,reamiger,Its a game I have thouroughly enjoyed and it has replay value as well.I would buy this for friends as well. All around enjoyable game that I recommend getting.
,Recommended,266510,21293124,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Nyhm,This game is an absolute blast to me. If has all the addictiveness of a collectible card game mashed up with fun RPG and 3rd person combat mechanics all blended together into a game that I think deserves more attention than it gets. One of my favorite indies of the last year.
76561197964466717,Not Recommended,266510,29510546,Posted: 26 January,all,GeneralChaos,"25% chance to just game over on an ironman style game. Game over, and very very angry.Let me explain.This is a game where many of your decisions are opaque; you have to make so many choices without full information, and without an idea what might go wrong. This is generally a bad design decision, but in Hand of Fate it is a feature. Early on there are simple challenges with simple outcomes. You keep encountering the same things, and discover through trial and error which things are worth attempting, avoiding.The game screws with you a bit. The same card can have different outcomes that are not visible. When you're out of food, there seems to be a bias for gaining food from encounters, even ones you would not expect it from. There are variations of the same encounters too, which keeps the game fresh. These are excellent designs, though not perfect. I've had at least one run where I found 0 food. Which is annoying, but it's a proceedural game. It's bound to happen from time to time.Settling encounters is done three ways: Decisions, chance and combatCombat, which is often difficult depending on circumstance, but largely skill based (though having the right equipment and blessings will make you into an unstoppable monster). It's possible to win almost every fight regardless of what you are fighting, and your circumstances.Decisions, as I have mentioned are largely opaque, until you have encountered a card many times, and seen all the outcomes.And chance is settled by four cards, which are shown to begin with, then shuffled a number of times depending on the difficulty of the check. A 1 shuffle is really slow, and you can follow the cards with your eyes easily, so can more easily pick the success or failures. A 6 shuffle is so fast you are basically choosing at random.BUT, the great success/success/fail/great failure is again opaque. Sometimes less successful checks bring greater boons.And this brings me to where the system starts to have trouble: Sometimes to progress stories you must fail. Narratively, these make sense, but it takes away your agency. You are already making blind decisions. But now you're expected to go for a failure, when the rest of the game has trained you to avoid it?Finally, the situation I found myself in. Play this game of chance with some devils (the fourth in the chain, I believe, and might be the first time I encountered this particular one). Yes/No. Hrm. These guys have cursed me in the past for failing. I can deal with more curses, if it comes to that. See the range of cards. Keep an eye on the great success... shuffleshuffleshuffleshuffleshuffleshuffle. Oh well. Ok. Hm. Pick. Total failure ""At least you got an achievement, (12 fails/total fails in a single session)"". Great, probably going to get two more curses... Auto dead. Game over.So:Opaque choice.One random, skill-free check.Automatic game-over despite all other conditions.Automatic loss, on an effective total random 25% chance.OK. That just happened. Can I play a game, that through no fault of the player, you can simply lose?I could just avoid that card... but I also know that other cards have several variations. This same run I lost 150 gold and an artifact to a card that I thought only had beneficial effects. So yeah. Instant death can be in other places too. It could be on every card, hidden behind a check I have so far never failed before, or a variation I haven't faced.My trust is broken. I cannot play this game anymore."
76561198075008318,Recommended,266510,14553642,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Ashcarr,"Terrificly executed game. It's a mash up of everything great in video games. When I read that it had Arkham style combat and deck building I immediately thought, ""How in the world would that work? They're not even part of the same genre!"" This game pulls it off and adds a ton a replayability through the use of random board paths.As the game progresses, it becomes brutal. There's a good chance you will die even when everything seems to be going your way. Score some critical successes on a few events and it doesn't look like anything can slow you down? Critical failure. You're now starving and down to 23 health before a pack of 10 Ratmen gang up on you and poison you to death with their lingering acid.It's both oddly satisfying and frustrating at the same time. It's not perfect, but you'll have so much fun starting up another run that you won't even care."
76561198042841172,Recommended,266510,11307229,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,QuantumEuro,"Hand of Fate is a mixing of genres. The goal of the game is to ultimately beat the Dungeon Master-esque character sitting across the table from you. while overall a great game it really shines when you actually start. the game starts you off with a pre-made deck and a relativley linear route to take. as you progress you will have random events and encounters the combat encounters are well made and the combat system a ""callback"" to my batman days. as you progress through the game you eventually reach the boss which scales in difficulty to what level you are on.obviously while this game IS in early acess it is still a worthy mix of binding of isaac, the batman game franchises, and even tabletop RPG's like DnD.definitley a85/100"
,Recommended,266510,32295011,Posted: 9 June,all,lemonade,fungreat voice actinginteresting themechallenging.Can't wait for Hand of Fate 2.
76561198024062505,Recommended,266510,12757224,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lord_Beardmeister,"A great mixture of rogue-like, RPG, and card based elements makes this a terrific game.  It combines the combat of the Arkham series with the elements of any fantasy table top, pencil and paper RPG.  At the beginning of each story quest which culminates in a boss encounter, you build up an encounter and an equipment deck of cards that you have acquired previously.  The events of the story and the rewards of various adventures in that quest are randomized from these decks and a couple other decks the Dealer has at his disposal.  This gives the player more agency in the sequence of events and what equipment could be acquired during gameplay.  In addition, the game includes some resource management which presents obstacles to the player.One downside is that, like all rogue-likes, there is the possibility of having a ""bad run.""  You may not receive enough food and starve to death, not receive enough gold and be unable to purchase items or possibly be unable to complete encounter cards requiring gold, or have bad luck in general leading to the character's untimely demise.  However, the randomness that causes this problem also makes each iteration of a quest different than the previous ones and so, keeps the game interesting and alive.Presently, this game is in beta and the devs are still balancing it.  Even so, I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys pencil and paper RPGs, Arkham style combat, and rogue-likes."
76561197969542665,Recommended,266510,14730969,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,wthill,"Badass game.   Very unique and very cool approach to laying out the world in tarot card style to create a dungeons and dragons quest and monster slaying romp.  I sincerely hope there are plenty of interesting expansions and dlc for this game.  New monsters, quests, cards, and items would be really cool.  This kind of innovation is the stuff I love and would support with my hard earned dollars."
,Recommended,266510,14521988,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Trevellian[C22],"I have only played Hand of Fate for through about half of the Story mode decks but, I must say it is one of the greatest games I have ever played.Combining the death and start over mechanic of a Rogue Like, with the addictive nature of a Deck Builder was an absolutely brilliant idea.  Having the encounters with monster cards be played out in a slightly Arkham Style (Attack/Counter/Dodge/Stun) was an even further brilliant idea.  Although the combat is the weakest part with a fixed camera, it is still manageable and fun.  Trap Rooms are also played out in this 3rd person camera style as you dodge your way through a trap maze.Even if you complete all 12 of the storymode levels there is an Endless mode to see how far you can go.  The game starts out relatively simple, but starts to become challenging about 1/4 of the way through the Story decks.Add to this the amazing way it's presented, the dealer is well voice acted and doesn't get annoying.I cannot recommend this game enough.It's reminds me of playing a game of Munchkin, but against a dealer instead of a group of friends.  Absolutely brilliant."
76561198020999917,Recommended,266510,19684352,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sartek,"I usually never complete games. Even if I like a game, I play it for a few hours and rarely do I play them again.I usually manage to play free to play or horde mode games more than 30 hours.But this game...I am well over 20 hours already and not even beginning to feel like I should stop anytime soon.Only just now am I nearing the end of the game content wise, but that does not mean that the game is over. It just means that I am almost ready to start playing Endless mode properly.An unique game that is a wonderful combination of different genres you would not usually mix.  A collectible card game mixed with a third person arkham style brawler is something you would not expect to work this well, but it just does."
,Recommended,266510,12542147,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,4KbShort,"A mixture of random dungeon, table top cards, and third person combat arenas Hand of Fate takes the random chance of dice and tosses them out the window. While your travels may lead you to an unknown destination as the cards on the table are unknown until you traverse them when it comes to combat and tactics it's all on you to know when to block, when to attack, and when to run. Step on a card and you may get a boost to your money, a travelling salesman may be passing by, or you may get ambushed in your sleep by goblins who steal your favorite weapon. Regardless of the incidents manage your health, your gear, and your food well and you may stay alive long enough to defeat the boss at the end of each dungeon and earn some excellent rewards for your next trip through."
76561198079718411,Recommended,266510,13809355,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SquidStormTV,"Table-top RPG card game brought to life! Live action combat system with fluid dodge and parry system. Unique encounters and bosses. Every playthrough has been an entirely different experience from start to finish. The story mode is a great introduction to the game. In my opinion where this game really shines is in the deckbuilding mechanics and Endless Games Mode! Great game, very polished at this stage! Only down side I have had is a couple collision problems with environment when dodging enemies and occasional glitches where sound goes completely out or comes and goes. Also the gold pawn comes and goes sometimes as well! Other than some UI stuff the heart of the game and the deckbuilding mechanics are very solid and I would rate this game 8/10 even at its current state! Endless hours of fun!"
76561197961758393,Recommended,266510,15357299,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,HeLi0s,"TL:DR Great game, unique premise, tonnes of replayability. One of the few kickstarter success stories, definitely worth your time and money.Basically, the premise of the game is that you are playing a card game against ""The Dealer"", the game is based around ""Encounter"" cards, this may be you finding a treasure chest but needing to go through a series of obstacles to get to it, being ambushed by skeletons or going to a demon clubhouse and gambling your soul after getting drunk. There are loads of them and they are very varied.The encounters usually come in sets, miniture stories that unlock as you complete each card in the sequence, which is dead cool and a good reason to keep unlocking cards. For every action in an encounter (that isn't directly combat) you pick from a set of four dealer shuffled cards, which indicate how much you failed or succeeded at the action, which adds a nice RNG element to the game (you can follow the card shuffle with your eyes, so not ENTIRELY luck based) and keeps things interesting.Your characters equipment and blessings/curses can also interact with some of the encounters, suprising me even 20+ hours in with new paths in the old cards I thought I knew. Even once you are finished with the story there is an endless mode which uses all the cards you have unlocked to create a neverending run which gets harder the longer you play. The replay value is huge.The combat is Arkham styled (counter system and very flowy in how you move between enemies), here the equipment from encounters will really come into play, it's fairly simple in terms of what you can do but gets quite tactical, as the battlegrounds can have traps and the enemies get harder and more complex as the game goes on. The dealers starts adding curses and difficult encounters to the deck, making the later levels very difficult.The game never feels like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or cheating, pretty much every encounter can be run away from/refused and the combat can be difficult but it never feels like any enemy is particularly over powered, it's always down to your own skill. Due to the huge number of encounters and equipment, your freedom to choose and balance risk/reward, and the RNG element every run feels unique, the only downside I would add is that the combat is fairly simplistic, but considering this is an indie development, it's a very impressive accomplishment.One of the few kickstarter success stories, definitely worth your time and money."
76561198047809178,Recommended,266510,15427478,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mihail1250,"One of the best games in my opinion. Playing this game you meet  variety of enemies, bosses with diferent combat style.All actions depend on good or bad luck."
76561197983077931,Recommended,266510,12479241,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Presto,"You'd never think that a game that blends so many genres would be good, but instead of being a jack of all trades and a master of none, this one got it right. Still some bug issues, but the polish more than makes up for it."
76561198072492633,Recommended,266510,23767314,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,B4timer,"Fantastic game , was not expecting it to be this good, you just want to play a single round but before you know , you have been playing it for hours..."
,Recommended,266510,24263509,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Howling Wind,"Hand of Fate is the perfect card game: everything revolves around doing your best with the cards you have, whenever they're good or bad (mostly bad). It's an interesting mix of deck building, rogue-like elements, dungeon crawling and third person action during battles. You build a deck of events, that will build the path of the dungeons, and of equipments, the rewards you'll get for successful encounters: sometimes you'll have to fight, sometimes you'll have to 'roll a dice', sometimes you'll have to make the right choice. It's a very interesting and well developed concept. Of course the Dealer will do his best to make things worse for you, but as he says ""The game is fair and you'll be defeated fairly"".Hand of Fate has a well built learning curve and difficulty curve, knowing when to challenge you and how to do that. Sometimes you'll get frustrated by unfair conditions (like fighting twelve enemies in a small arena), but that's part of the rogue-like nature. I LOVED the atmosphere and the monologues of the Dealer, a very charismatic and interesting character: his presence alone is worth buying the game if you ask me.There are a couple of downsides, mostly regarding the battle system: a targeting system and a health bar above the enemies would have been useful and made the battle less chaotic; a couple of collisions are off and a very limited number of arenas have some visibility issues in certain points. All around it's a great game, if you like mixing the chance of card games with the risks of rogue-likes. It could use some polishing, but its atmosphere and concept are so fantastic that you can overlook it.8,5/10"
,Recommended,266510,17822708,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Reubensandwichthe1st,"Very fun, well worht the moneyPlaying agasint your own deck, man its amazing to do!"
76561197991798166,Recommended,266510,32988393,Posted: 29 June,all,Wandering Mania,"Sort version;Overall it's a good game, but it does have a lot of heavy agrivation moments. Reminds me a lot of MTG (Magic the Gathering) mixed with DnD (Dungeons and Dragons)Long version;While I do think this is a good game, what with the 3rd person 'action RPG' combat system. And the old DnD style of strengths and weaknesses. It has some agrivating moments, I wouln't call them bugs, as I don't know if they truly are.For inctance; In combat it seems the if an enemy has a shield, the enemy will never stop blocking (which the player cant do with a shield, the shield only allows for 'counter attacks') unitl you either counter them or move to their rear.Another example being; If the player doges an attack then starts swinging away, you first have to turn (with the movement keys) or you end up going into a wall, and hitting nothing.I also noticed for some strange reason you seem to move slower if you have no shield. Wouldn't it moke more sence if you moved slower with a shield and faster without? It is less equipment to hold after all.Another annoyance is that the curses put on you (in story mode) at the start of each match, are overly expencive to remove. Now that may be done intentionaly for the sake of 'balance', or not. But it really makes me think, that if a traveling healer can remove curse (A) for 15 gold and curse (B) for 25 gold, but curse (C) costs 400 gold, how usefull is that worthless healer anyway? So your basically forced to put up with them.But annoyances aside, the game realy does put a heavy emphisis on what class you bring and what equipment you use, or can find in some cases. As it seems some cards are put into the game just to try and make you angry. It is overall enjoyable though, that is if you think you can outmatch the frustrating moments, and there are a lot."
,Recommended,266510,21753501,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Purple Legacy,A lot of fun for quick games every now and then. Tons of new cards and challenges to unlock them keeps you engaged.
76561198077706660,Recommended,266510,33226203,Posted: 4 July,all,Sanomaly,"Hand of Fate is an excellent game that will no doubt stand the test of time. Likewise, I have no doubt that it will be remembered as a classic. Every aspect of the game works in concert to create something that can be enjoyed by any gamer, regardless of what genres they normally play. The only complaint I have is in regards to the difficulty level. At a certain point, it quickly crosses the line from frustrating to infuriating. It's a good game if you're looking for a challenge, but it would be a better game if that challenging aspect scaled well. It's only due to the difficulty that the score is not higher.Hand of Fate appeals to pretty much every demographic. There's no reason why this game couldn't or wouldn't be enjoyed by people of any age. If you're interested in a fun and rewarding experience, then this game is for you.Hand of Fate is one of the better games that I've played and I highly recommend it to everyone.Pros+ Unique, engrossing, and addictive gameplay+ Fun and intuitive combat system+ Clear and colorful graphicsCons- Difficulty scales poorlyYou can read the full review athttps://www.keengamer.com/article/16721_hand-of-fate-review#comment-12156"
76561198036692253,Recommended,266510,30626300,Posted: 19 March,all,kristian.e64,"""The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.""This game is a living testament to that.  The cards and mechanics are simple and generic, the combat experience is average with little to no depth, and after a few hours, the narrator begins to repeat himself.  And yet, Hand of Fate is an excellent game!  I love this game!  This game could have been a glorified series of mediocre minigames, but it's not because the designers made painstaking efforts to how the game felt.  You don't need the coolest monsters, the most interesting mechanics, or the greatest story to make the game great.  Convenient ui and the tarot atmosphere (and, dear God, I LOVE the narrator!) made all the difference."
,Recommended,266510,26170785,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Sydney's World,"Halfway through the game I can recommend (when on sale) to those interested in a combination strategy/rouge experience. The strategy part isn't that deep however; mostly you have to decide how to keep enough food and health (and get some good gear) to reach the boss. Beat the boss, and start fresh on each new level. Though there isn't that much variety in turns of battling (bascially move really fast/dodge/attack, repeat), there is enough skill challenge to keep it fairly interesting. Hand of Fate is more than the sum of its parts: everything comes together to give you 12 short and relatively enjoyable rouge-like levels in story mode. Chance has more of an effect in your ability to beat a level than most games, and sometimes luck will go against you. Only had really bad luck in one level out of 6 so far, which perhaps means the odds are stacked in the player's favor. Three consecutive pain cards was indeed painful; lost 60 health right before boss, lost boss battle, needed to repeat entire level.     7/10: Would randomnly lose 60 health again."
,Recommended,266510,22080491,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,jeem,"this is a game about a guy who refuses to read your ♥♥♥♥ing tarot until you play some crazy game with himfortunately the game is good, his dialogue is good, and his voice acting is phenomenal along with the musicit's meta without being obsessed with the fact that it's meta and hella atmosphericyou will enjoy being run through this crazy hooded jackass' procedurally generated D&D game"
,Recommended,266510,28989283,Posted: 3 January,all,Seikon,"It is hard to put this game into words that describe it well. It is in some way a deck building / card game, but all fights are conducted as hack&slay 3rd person fights where the moves are a bit similar to the batman games (evade, counter, attack, some special skills). So what happens in a standard round of Hand of Fate?1. I select a story / main quest to play2. I select a preset deck and review it to exchange cards3. Play (the following steps a & b repeat multiple times):3.a. Move your character across a map made of cards which are revealed upon reaching them. These may then trigger sidequests, encounters, shops, traps etc. They come along with stories where you can often choose how to react to an encounter, which gives you different results.3.b. In case you engage in a fight, you go into the battle mode. This is classic hack and slay action with block, dodge, attack.4. You complete the round by beating the final boss (or dying). During 3. you have completed many events that gave you tokens. These unlock future side quests, weapons or other cards to be used in future rounds. So once done, go back to step 2, to make use of your sweet loot!I really enjoy RPGs, good progression systems, deckbuilding and a fresh gamestyle. In my opinion, Hand of Fate combines these mechanisms into an oh so refreshing and satisfying experience that anyone with similar preferences should not miss!"
76561197999871993,Recommended,266510,29008493,Posted: 4 January,all,ddragon625,"Graphics:I was satisfied with the graphics, they fit the theme very well and are easy on the eyes.Gameplay:Incredibly addicting.The adventure-as-a-card-game theme worked beautifully and you get a real sense of progression: 1) In each individual game you build up hoards of equipment/blessings/gold/food as you move from encounter to encounter.  2) In the overarching game you collect new tokens that unlocks new encounters/equipment as you complete the story mode and also as you trudge along in the endless mode.The combat is crisp and controls are reasonably well implemented. There are occassional frustrations with the non-controllable / constantly-chaning camera angles that messes up your combat movements but they are bearable.The game give players a good challenge that ramps up as you move further into the game (especially in endless mode).  The balance is a good one - you'll never feel so overpowered that you get bored. No matter how much equipment / gold / food you accumulate, everything can change in a second with a bad encounter or curse in the late game.  In the beginning, everything's easy and the loot rains down with very forgiving bad encounters. Towards the late-game of endless mode, when you're decked out with all the good equipment and blessings and gold and food, the game really ramps up the consequences such as losing multiple equipments in a single bad encounter, get 10+ curses thrown on you (one for each ring you have and players are generally encouraged to hoard all the different rings they can buy/find because the effects stack), or get thrown in a gladiator pit with no equipment to help you out in the battle (did I mention that the monsters are usually powered up 2-3 times already at this point due to accumulating curses?).Story:No real story to the game, though the backstory (or at least hints of it) of the dealer and game itself can be interesting for a bit as the dealer provides cryptic comments. Each game is a create-your-own adventure that is formed by all the encounters you experience.Replay Value:Extremely high. No two games are alike and it'll take you 30-40+ hours to unlock all the tokens and see all the equipment/encounters that the game has to offer.Other:Hand of Fate and FTL are the two games that really perked my interest in rogue-like games. Their take on genre are different but both are highly effective in that they immerse you into the game, give you a good challenge, and provides a lot of unpredictability / replay value.  Also, the voice acting in this game is quite good as well.Overall:I found the gameplay incredibly addicting and would highly recommend this to fans of RPG, action. or rogue-like genre."
76561198262599577,Recommended,266510,29129126,Posted: 8 January,all,Agaeti Blohdren,"Really great game to be honest.The side stories from the cards are really amazing.The combat is really good.One of my favourite things is how the dealer can be completely neutral to your sucess and sometimes really bad if you defeat a floor boss.Sometines it is a little to hard,but challengable."
76561198002285053,Recommended,266510,32231714,Posted: 6 June,all,metadragonslayer,"Hand of Fate is a great mash-up of deck builders and action games.  One of the biggest praises that I have for Hand of Fate is that they handle randomness extremely well - There aren't many things/anything that will straight up screw you over, and if for some reason something does, failing isn't very punishing - You keep the card story progress/equipment gained/identified, and just have to re-do the dungeon.  The stories of the cards are interesting and well done, and I felt they had great balance during progression to create a good challenge level.  Their combat wasn't as polished as the Arkham games or Shadow of Mordor, but it was still very good.  Oh, and they did a fantastic job with the VO of the dealer - It really felt like I was playing a game against a person."
,Recommended,266510,31765987,Posted: 15 May,all,The Cannibals Chef,"Excellent and unique game that not enough people seem to know about, seriously get it on sale if you want but this is a game i doubt anyone would regret buying,"
,Recommended,266510,33509900,Posted: 13 July,all,jOrA,"THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE GAME WITH THE DLCHand of Fate is a game where all playing cards represent enemies and there're four types of them: dustbandits, plaguerats, skeletonsundeadand scaleslizardmen. There're two modes story and endless. In story mode you fight against 'boses' Jacks, Queens and Kings. After you defeat all of them you have to fight the dealer himself. Usually to kill all the boses plus a dealer will take around 3-5h however, the game is not only about that. You have different 'fates' - charecters you can play for. If you don't have dlc you only have 3, which is basically difficulty level: easy, normal and hard. I fyou buy dlc you get around 10 more charecters with unique skills and requirements.You can spent hours playing this game because it's always changing, even the same level can be layed out differently to the last time you played it. Also you can discover huge number of encounteer cards which are basically quests you will encounter as you walk through level. They give you new equipment, events or resources. In the story mode as you progress you can alter which quests you do because you create a deck, in endless it's all about luck. That's the biggest problem of this game, it's too luck dependent. most negative reviews are from people who got insanely unlucky when they played and gave up. I don't think it's a problem you just have to accept it however, if you play for difficult fates luck can cause you a nightmare. Here comes another negative point, some fates are just too difficult to play and you need insane luck to complete them.In my oppinion the game is great and you should definetly get it with dlc - otherwise it's just boring. The only downsides I found in the game(MY OPPINION)are- last battle with the dealer is too repetitive- some fates are too short compared to others- small bugs with sound and textI think this was the most detailed review for this game as most people didn't even finish everything and just completed the story. There is a new versionHand of Fate 2coming out, which is aparently better at every aspect as developers say and it looks like it will be although, there's no release date yet, so get this game with dlc and just play, if it's on sale definetely get it 100% worth your money."
76561198051906675,Recommended,266510,23909831,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Glimmy,"""you are braver than i if you would involve yourself is a marrigal dispute""shockingly accurate oh and amazing game btw cant wait for the sequel"
,Recommended,266510,33464734,Posted: 11 July,all,Leon Fowl,"A card / board game where choice matters, that includes a twist of 3rd-person action combat.+ Simple to play+ Beautiful artwork+ Great writing+ Cool card mechanics+ Replayability- Combat is a bit too simplistic- No real character customizationEasy to get started, while challenge still awaits you. Overall, highly recommended. A sequel is coming."
76561198185839702,Recommended,266510,31766789,Posted: 15 May,all,jrb7891,"This is a game that, for most people, you would either like or hate it.  People say its too reliant on RNG.  Others complain that the combat doesn't quite match the games theme. . . or pacing?  Either way, these are legitimate things to point out and I do kind of agree about the combat.  In the sense that there should at least be a toggle option that allows you to skip fights somehow, either through a series of card draws or maybe some sort of dice role or something.I don't know, I don't make games, I only play them.  It's probably fine the way it is.As far as the RNG thing goes, im not completely sold on the game being COMPLETELY reliant on it.  In fact there has been times that I was actually able to follow a success card when making a choice, so it doesn't seem completely random.All in all this game is a gem I think.  It's fun enough to keep me playing.  I recommend if you are looking for an interesting little game that can get you hooked of a few hours, and it may even give you a little practice using that thing called your imagination.Who knows, the hands of fate make it hard?I have not hit a roadblock yet in the game and I play on lapotato."
76561198408671944,Recommended,266510,34552739,Posted: 28 August,all,DevlinBlack666,"Hand Of Fate is like Mad As Hell, extremely underrated and oddly Australian. Yet here I am in the Australian steam store, paying American dollars to play a game that is co-produced by Screen Australia.  Irony writ very large indeed, eh Valve?The ‘Dealer’ or narrator if you prefer looks like the merchant from RE4 except somehow less necrotic, the accent sounds like some Melbourne art student trying their absolute best to not butcher a mixed British-Muslim accent… its somewhere between cringe-worthy and cult.I’ve only really committed about 8 hours to this game, and I’m not entirely bored with it, on the contrary I picked it along with its DLC on sale for roughly $8. Have I gotten my money’s worth? Hell yes. Would I recommend it to friends? Yes.It looks quite cheap and charming seeming to combine a dungeons and dragons style feel with bog standard arkham asylum combat on a budget. Hit detection is a bit iffy though not enough that it becomes a problem.It is a short, quirky and very interesting game from a mechanical and experiential standpoint.  What makes it sometimes fun, sometimes annoying and sometimes hilarious is that no two play throughs are the same. Everything is randomly generated by the deal of the cards.The dealer-narrator-dungeon master like character seems to really enjoy torturing you, offering unique dialogue with every twist of the knife. The problem with every dungeon being procedurally generated is it can go from being too easy to impossibly hard.Replay value is theoretically infinite, doubly so with the first DLC and all of its ‘modifiers’, if you’re really that in love with it. I have every intention of finishing Hand of Fate, though at the same time, its best played in short bursts on a weekend as it feels very short.I know it’s an indie, and its half TCG half arkham knockoff on a budget, but would it have killed the developers to put in a little more voice acting? I don’t play ARPGs to read walls upon walls of text.However, I will give the art direction props for the insane European tarot card style artwork on the dealer’s cards, it looks atmospheric without being needlessly colourful.  It really makes you feel like you’re playing against a real person.A person who, like you, in some strange meta way has become a slave to the game within the game so to speak. There’s a subtle hint of Dorian Gray in the storytelling and the way the Dealer taunts the player at the conclusion of every move is just spectacular.More interesting still, he levels with you and the more of his ‘Champions’ you send to the graveyard the more he seems to hate yet respect you for beating him at his own game. I wonder if there’s a ‘Fight Club’ style plot twist once you defeat his final champion.And did I mention the resource management? You can die in combat, you can die of starvation… god help you if you don’t have enough money to buy food and weapons, then it’s pretty much an instant game over. Tactical, unpredictable and intense.I’ve only finished about 25% of it in 6 hours or so and for those of you who are feeling truly masochistic there’s also an endless mode I dare not touch for fear it could become more addictive then smack. What’s on the cards for you? Try your luck, buy Hand of Fate today!"
,Recommended,266510,26034614,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Coreus Symphonia,"Mixes cards and dungeon exploring to a result that's both satisfying and interesting. Hand of Fate challenges you to chase down 12 bosses before you can challenge the dealer himself.Each boss quest is like a dungeon adventure, where you choose from cards on a table. Whatever is picked is what you'll have to face. These range from random events, to equipment pickups, groups of enemies, travelling salesmen and lots more. For each step you take on the map, you consume one food. As the story progresses these settings may increase and various curses will make your adventures more difficult.The second part of the game is in the combat, where the game switches to a third person action game. Overcome them and you'll move on.All in all it's an enjoyable mix of two different game genres that I cannot recall to have seen before Hand of Fate did it - and it works surprisingly well.Rating: 8/10 - Play it!"
,Recommended,266510,12585989,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,emceekhan,"I will not comment on game play, since that has probably been explained a million times over in other reviews and videos. But this I will say:The Dealer is your Narrator, as well as your Savior and your Opponent. He has offered you the chance to play his Game. As the Player, you are in charge of a pawn - a nondescript adventurer. You are given cards upon which the Game is played. You build the pawn's equipment deck, and the story's encounter deck. The Dealer will deal out the cards and lead you on an incredible tale of greed, hubris and honor. Your pawn will face endless, faceless foes as well as specific boss villains. There will be violence, traps, treasure and horror. The Dealer will attempt to entice you to send your pawn into situations most peril for the offer of a few tokens. These tokens unlock more cards, which unlock more adventure and equipment/treasure.And as you defeat each boss villain, the Dealer will put the card into his cabinet, where you will be able to choose the next villain. Defeat a row of villains, gain a special item. But beware, every Game, every card, every victory will add to the complexity and danger that your pawn will face as you struggle to reach and win the final Game. Your pawns will die, but never fear - there are countless pawns waiting for you to guide them.Who is this man in the robe, who created these cards that influence a world, individuals and items? Who are you, Player? Are we Gods who are meant to play with the lives of mortals? Maybe.You'll have play to experience it."
,Recommended,266510,22016888,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,CS-,"Hand of Fate is a fantastic blend of Adventure, RNG, rouge-like and card games.I picked this game up recently on sale for a steal and it was worth every cent. The introduction to the game is simple and easy to follow allowing you to pick up the game quickly and play at your own pace.As you play the game you step from card to card in stages and deal with a number of random events including; battles, moral choices, ethical choices, gambling, quests and visiting shops while progressing through the stage towards the goal of a boss fight. The main story consists of 12 stages each with a boss of its own. All heading towards a final 13th stage that you will not be prepared for the first time. Around about the time you defeat the 4th boss you will unlock a game mode called ""endless"".Endless mode is never ending stages progressively getting harder until you can go no further. I suppose the goal is around stage 30 as this is the achievement awarding level. I personally was never able to beat my record of stage 26. It gets seriously rough. The addition of ""endless"" mode allows you to unlock more cards/ rewards as you complete each cards requirement which can then be used in both story mode and endless.A great addition to the game is the ability to edit the ""world"" or ""level"" by using the deck builder which is available basically at the start of the game. Once you have an idea for the game, the events and items you have preference for you are able to open the deck builder before a main story level and adjust it to your specific liking. The game does offer an auto recommended deck which is fine but once you hit that final 13th level you will most likely need to adjust the deck to your specific play and equipment style.Overall I had a great time with this game, an interesting story, great narration/ music and a play style that was addictive, punishing and rewarding. If this sounds even remotely interesting to you I would suggest you pick it up and give it a try. I loved my time spent on Hand of Fate and I couldn't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,266510,33548783,Posted: 14 July,all,Rasmus,"Not the perfect game but i love the atmosphere and D&D like card gameplay, but the combat is kinda lacking"
76561198120611121,Recommended,266510,30184112,Posted: 25 February,all,DavidMaine14,Can't complain.
76561198046401544,Recommended,266510,14039623,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,patio19,"This game is 1/3 card building, 1/3 psuedo adventure, and 1/3 3rd person combat. In this game you construct 2 decks, one is for equipment and the other is for encounters. then you those these decks to arm yourself(equipment deck) and the ""game board"" is constructed out of your enounter deck. This game is a rogue like and combines risk and reward into a interesting rpg senario.The big issue for me was this game requires a controller to play becuase the keyboard/mouse controls are pretty bad, but with a game pad its pretty good. It is possible to play witha keyboard and mouse but is awkward."
76561198167365516,Recommended,266510,14601697,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,JimmybobIV,"This has the potential to be one of the best games of all time. It fuses roguelike, deck building, and brawling exceptionally well. 10/10"
76561198010038219,Recommended,266510,11155207,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Unicorn Steve,"Early Access - Things are subject to change!REALLY interesting twist on rogue-lite genre that seems to be popular now with stuff like Magicite, Binding of Isaac (and Rebirth around the corner) and Nuclear Throne.Hand of Fate mixes deckbuilding with 3rd person hack and slash combat and roguelite-elements. It still is kind of barebones and kinda unresponsive, but that's early access for you. As a game It really hooked me and I did really enjoy playing this. Deckbuilding is kind of stale until you actually get more cards by beating bosses and succeeding in events.Fighting feels good and meaty and slow-mo-last-hit -effect feels amazing! Still, it isn't really too complex and mostly just spamming X to do damage, in my honest opinion the combat doesn't flow too well having quite long animations and a split-second ""stop-period"" after them if there are no enemies nearby, this makes you really vulnerable, especially if you do not have weapon with counter attacking-modifier and can cause you take lots of unnessecary damage.My biggest gripe about the game is the random element. I see what they're trying to do as drawing cards from deck for random outcome really is the games namesake, but especially early on if you draw an event that really hurts you (takes away lots of your food or health) or do not draw any weapon/armor cards at all can get REALLY frustrating. One could argue that it brings challange to game, but honestly, if how well you're doing is dependant on just pure dumb luck, it really doesn't feel good.That being said, I really don't know how that could be fixed without seriously hurting the games premise and after you beat first three bosses that is negated by little bit, but that can take way long depending on your luck, sooo-- yeah.Overall, I have high hopes about this game, I did enjoy playing it and will return to it when I have more time!"
,Recommended,266510,11148729,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,krown,"I'm not much of a reviewer, let alone one for passing on my opinion of games onto others (since it's highly subjective).However, this game is so original & unique its compels me to do so. In an industry that has become highly itterative, Hand of Fate combines tried and true fighting game mechanics with a rogue-lite/dungeon-crawler and blends it into an original package with ""trading"" card game mechanics.The combat is a cross between Batman: Arkham City and Witcher 2. It has the style of combat from Arkham (different enemies do different attacks, organizing which enemies to eliminate first, counter system) but it has the pace of Witcher, in that it is quite slow and you cannot constantly spam the counter button, but instead must really time your attacks and counters. In addition, in this game you are not invincible, each strike landed on you will take away 5-10 health and your health persists for the entire dungeon (you get +5 health regen per ""turn""). this is where my comparison to witcher makes more sense, this isnt a pure action game like Arkham, instead you must really plan the weapons and armor you take into combat, and you must manage your resources, if you run out of resources (-1 per turn) you enter starvation where you lose 10hp per turn. There is also an interesting mechanic where the instances that the game transports you to, is filled with traps that can harm you and your opponents. It a nice little touch that adds to the difficulty.As for the card game element of the game, its not like your traditional TCG like scrolls or Hearthstone, instead the cards you acquire are used to create the dungeon that you will traverse to reach the final boss, you can make an ""easy"" dungeon in some sense of the word, but that will yield very little buffs when you face the dungeon boss. Also, that strategy will limit the amount of gold you get and the Holy card buffs you receive that carryover from dungeon to dungeon.So far I've been raving about the game, but there are some grievances, mostly it comes down the combat. So far the combat is great, but this game essentially revolves around its combat system and for that it has to be flawless. My only gripe is subjective, in that it doesnt quite feel as ""tigh/responsive"" as I would prefer. In leans more towards the witcher style of combat, which is not a bad thing to say; the game just needs some polish. The devs needs to reduce the delay between pressing a button and it registering in the game. Also, at times, the enemies (usually bosses) will have canned animations that they must complete which prevents you from attacking them. Ie, they will continue slashing and NOT take damage from you while they are finishing the animation. That and the fact that the counter attack isnt always responsive does take away from the combat experience. Lastly, the camera is kind of janky and to my knowledge you cannot control it, which can be very annoying at times. However, the game is in early access, so I will give the benefit of the doubt to the devs in that they will sort these things out.Like I said, im not a ""professional"" reviewer, but the game is so unique that it deserves some attention. At the least, check out some lets plays on youtube.  Question is, is it worth it? for me, yes, at the $25 price range, even in the early access state, you can get a lot of enjoyment out of it. However, as a wise consumer, its always best to wait until the official release, but if you are a fan of the genres it combines or have some disposable cash to spend on steam, give it a shot.TLDR: Action game mixed with a rogue-lite dungeon crawler and some card-game elements. Combat is a mix of Batman: arkham asylum and Witcher 2, leaning more towards Witcher. The game is actually pretty challenging, its not a superhero simulator like Batman or even Assassins Creed where you just counter continuously.If devs are reading this, find a way to add MP/CO-OP, perhaps take turns being the ""dungeon master"", the game has soooo much potential."
,Recommended,266510,23415607,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,welcomer (aggressive),Decently challenging and replayable. The game continues to be updated with free content in the form of quest chains.
,Recommended,266510,23338997,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","this game is amazing, you basically just play cards with an old man but the way they do it is so engaging and enthralling, everytime you go into battle your guy pops out of the card and he pulls his weapons and armor from other cards and then you just go to town on some dudes before returning to your old dos game type of adventureit is just a really good game 10/10"
,Recommended,266510,23832150,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ChoNammoth,interesting story telling upon exquisite cardscannot choose the camara while battling :(
,Recommended,266510,12020630,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,n0l4n666,"This game is amazing, most original concept I've seen in a long time, great replayability too.A must try for every action rpg fan."
,Recommended,266510,22087201,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Menace123,"- This review isn't written by a native speaker, thank you for your understanding -- If you haven't found this review helpful or if you have found a mistake please leave a comment below -RatingMust Play- Key features below ---- Review after -----------------------------------------------Play time needed (perfect)About 60 hours.Gaming levelfrom Casual to GamerAchievement levelbetween Casual and GamerGame styleRole-Playing-Game (choices, encounter); Card game (deck building, encounters, equipment); Fighting; Rogue-like (treasure vault)Game modesStory mode; Endless modeStoryThrough the role-play.PlaythroughOne (story), One (endless)VoiceOnly the dealer, very good !MusicGood too !CameraNot bad !ControlsKeyboard or Controller (#)TutorialYes !Unmissable / backtracking contentYes !CustomizationYeah, cards and character.Download contents DLCYes, one additional needed, the other is the soundtrack.Glitches / bugsGood one. (*)Worth priceIt definitely worth its price ($28) even if it can be hard to get through some encounters or achievements.- Review below ----------------------------------------------------------------------Such an awesome game indeed ! The music is good, the dealer's voice is great with his speeches, the deck of card is really wide and so the choices too !The story mode let you beat each Jack, Queen and King of each 4 series through chapters. At the end of each chapter you have to deal with the Jack or Queen or King with a battle, a kind of small boss ! When you beat 3 or 4 of them you unlock a starting bonus and malus. When you succeed any encounter you unlock more cards by acquiring its token. Also each chapter have their own encounters, curses, blessings and shop that are added to the deck.The battle are played in real time with the stuff you got, the highest combo you make the heavier you attack. You need to manage your health and many items can help you like shields (reflect projectiles, counter attack, stun), artifacts (magical spells) and others ! You can also discover some vault to steal some gold if you dare avoiding all the traps ! There are also many enemies you can defeat, many encounters and lot of gold to gain and spend but do not forget to buy food before starving to death ! Don't worry you can still continue your journey while starving, but you'll soon need to find supplies before your last breath.In this game there is also a part of luck, you can still see the shuffle to guess where the card will be if you are able good enough or you can also have some equipment or blessing that will help you a lot. Also some fight can be really tough but you can easily get the strongest equipment you can to succeed every battle.(#):There is at least one little annoying thing with the controller, you can be really precise that much while you're moving. Indeed, when you're facing north and want to get south you'll need to go in circles instead of turning back. So that may be a little tougher to avoid traps.(*):The good thing is you can quit the game whenever you want and resume it before you reached the previous encounter. So you can use that to avoid death or avoid some encounters failures whenever you want."
,Recommended,266510,19789539,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Alexander Rafe,"Surprisingly good.  Very unique.You move around a board made up of cards with each card representing an encounter.  The encounters are randomly selected based on your own ""deck"" that you put together and those selected for your by the computer based on what mode you're playing.  The encounters are comprised of a bit of text that tells you what's going on and then you will either have a selection of options based on the encounter, a ""chance"" card selection where you pick a card and it tells you weather it's a ""success"", ""failure"" and such.  If you encounter monsters you go into a 3d, real time combat arena where you battle the creatures.  The battles are actually really fun for something so simple.   While moving around the board you need to manage gold for quests and shops, food that gets comsumed from each move as well as encounters and your equipment that helps you in a myriad of ways throughout the game.You have to try it."
76561198028163172,Recommended,266510,14028775,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,檸Lemon檸,Really enjoying this. Mixes my love of fantasy card games with an action / roguelike video game. Really different and unique. Worth the price of admission. 9/10
,Recommended,266510,14629418,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ajdino,"This game is one of the greatest I've ever played. That's not an easy thing for me to say. Everything about this game is unique. It gets a perfect score in my book. Also, it has the all time greatest boss fight at the end of the game, hands down. I love this game to death.The gameplay is the best part of this game, the game can twist and turn any which way when your progress is lead by pure luck. The way the card system works is very simple and easy to wrap your mind around. The combat is excellent and fluid, it's awesome to watch. The combat isn't just hacking and slashing, it's about timing blocks and dodging opponents you can't fight all at once. The combat is reminscent to the first Fable, in fact, much of this game really is a Fable game without the brand name, but the combat is so much more interesting here than in any Fable.The graphics are lush and colourful. It has that wonderful atmospheric fantasy mood that Fable set so perfectly.The sound quality is top notch for the most part. There is a few times when the sound does cut out but a simple restart fixes that immediately. The soundtrack is awesome and really has an epic vibe to it. I was even thinking of buying it if it's sold on Steam. It's one of those soundtracks that'll take me back years from now. I love the clanging of the swords and the thumping of swords against shields. The voice actor behind the Dealer is on the same level of deep and mesmerizing as Morgan Freeman. He's like an English Morgan Freeman, I can't stress enough how good of a voice actor he is.The story line is interesting, it's not a normal storyline. You enter at the end of the adventurer's story. This is a retelling of all his adventures. So it's a game about retrospective and reflection. The Dealer makes very interesting remarks and ponderings that make me think on a philosophical level. What kind of game does that?I love a game that I can put hundreds and hundreds of hours into. A game that has endless replayability and isn't limited by just having a storyline. This is one of those games. It doesn't ever have to end. There's an endless mode. There's also 200+ cards to collect. Each card is an encounter. Every game randomizes these encounters and even throws in some that benefit you and some that debilitate you to a certain extent. This game definitely earns its pay and has lot of bang for very little buck.If you're on the fence about getting it, don't be. This game isn't hard to fall in love with. I'd recommend this game to absolutely anyone."
57890237530294320,Recommended,266510,14666187,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Boomstick,Just one more card....
,Recommended,266510,13558936,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,W@M,"You will need a contoller. You will roll a lot. You will feel overwhelmed by unfair odds.And you won't care.You will be back again and again unlocking more and more cards, becasue the game is simply VERY GOOD.I read the negative reviews first, looking for a solid reason not to buy. And voted them all down. Why, becasue they are so indvidually picky, they don't at all TELL me why not to buy this game. Whereas, READ the positive reviews, and FEEL the fun the player base is having.Buy it, Play it, Enjoy it. Recomend it.If the Devs continue with DLC or part 2, I will support it for Yrs to come. It's FUN.Oh but please make the blasted Chance cards move slower, just a TINY bit :)"
76561198031150417,Recommended,266510,14779089,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,benw_h,"The care and attention which has gone into crafting this game - from music to voice over to the little touches in how the graphics are handled - show an incredible amount of love not normally encountered in modern games. With the addition of being bug free, it's an absolute pleasure to dip in and out of. The mechanics are interesting, the randomisation makes replayability a joy, and endless mode is an interesting challenge. One or two obtuse mechanics do exist, but there is strategy in the gameplay, and the combat, though essentially an arcade element, is also entertaining because it is fulfilled in short bursts. Not necessarily the kind of game that addicts you to play in long sessions, the game takes a different approach with enough intriguingness to make you come back. One for the library.What's it worth? £12 / $15"
,Recommended,266510,19453885,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,markljunggren,"I bought this game a while ago when it was first released. I was very fun but a short adventure. I took a break from the game after having completed most of the achivments.I have started playing this game again after all these frequent FREE updates,.The short review is that this game is by far the best card game here on steam.It is an combination of luck, skill, determination and frustration (in a good way)If you play this game and learn well, you can easaly complete the game with just the basic equipment. THis proves that skills play a huge part in this game and that is good, eliminating the luck factor. But hey, Full dragon equipment is always fun :)10/10"
76561197963819455,Recommended,266510,14580204,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Jinnai,"I overwhelmingly encourage anyone who enjoys 3rd person combat and dungeon crawling to pick up this game.  It's not a card game.  Not at all.  The cards are merely an environmental trapping that builds the story and setting while providing a mechanism for the encounter and monster randomization.  It's all about the dungeon crawl, planning your resource usage, and then good old fashioned 3rd person action hack and slash.  Amazingly well thought out game.  Worth every penny."
76561198134434082,Recommended,266510,19389294,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SnufflesConquersHell,"Buy this!! If your're on the fence about this game (and especially if it is on sale) BUY IT!!! It is well worth the investment. It's kind of one of those easy to learn hard to master kind of games so I got sucked into it pretty fast. A good sign is that the developers are responsive to the game community. And the Dealer has a lot of dialogue (especially as you get to newer levels). Plus he's not just a bad guy - he has a complex character that you get to know. Their is a certain amount of random chance to the game (but their is too in life) and it can get a little maddening trying to get the right cards in sequence. But overall this is a good investment even if you don't like active fighting games. I didn't but now I do thanks to this game. Plus if you get stuck just go to the community board and ask. It can be very satisfying to kill a monster you had thought was unbeatable.Another nice thing is that if you really hate a card you can often just not select it. Don't always go by the Recommended deck (although I would advise that you do at first until you get a feel for the ""ropes"" and what you like). This is game is very customizable."
,Recommended,266510,23756757,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sleygal,"I love how it's sort of similar with D&D. Though the combat feels off but other than that, I love this game!"
,Recommended,266510,24065420,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LordGavinGames,"I might be a huge fan of rogue-light games, likeHand of Fate, but I'm still surprised to see just how much I got into this one. It's such a weird blending of random generation, board game/card game elements, and brawling that it's hard to believe all that could've worked together in one game, butHand of Fatesurely showed me how it's done.The theming with all of the narration and storytelling is fanstastic and well appriciated. It's actually surprising to see just how much of that was put into the DLCs too. It invokes that D&D style of love and care in storytelling that makes lonely nights of gaming more warm and inviting. As I said: Very much appriciated.The fighting begins simple and innocent enough, but, after unlocking loads of card (An event that's quite enjoyable in of itself), you'll begin to realize just how much awareness and management you'll need to worry about as your adventures drag on; especially in Endless Mode. It's still not a hugely complex task in comparison to other brawler games, but it's usually a brief excursion that helps liven up the experiance of play. When you start to form a powerful character, it becomes all the more enjoyable watching 16+ hordes of enemies fall before you as you rake in the spoils of battle.The free DLCs are a great welcome to the game and I'm still working to try and finish off the last couple of cards involved with them, but the paid DLC that offers a multitude of new characters to play as also adds in some new questlines to experiance. The fact that the character modifiers really do change up the experiance is good enough, but I really do appriciate their lasting contibution to the events deck in the end. Variety of play is something I really appriciate on some nights when I only have a couple of hours to play and, for the price of it all, it's more than fair enough from my standpoint.The Story Mode really does ease you into the game as it begins to build upon itself, raising the states and difficulty until the final battle. You can fully customize most elements of the game during so too, which really helps when you want to fix things to your favor or work in some new cards to reap their tokens. Endless Mode starts off very simply but rapidly escalates into a really rough experiance and is great for experianced players wanting to test their skills (Works well for unlocking more cards too, in some cases). Story mode is fully replayable, which is great, and Endless Mode is my jam when I just want to dive into play. Everything I need for whatever mood I'm in.Anything else to gush about? Hmm... I don't think so. This game's an easy recommendation from me, but I will advise against it for a couple of things:1) There's a lot of RNG in the game that will work hard against you. Not all the time, but at some points. It sucks when you get screwed, but it doesn't wreck you completely; At least, most of the time.2) This game just isn't for everyone. It's easy to see that from the general game in of itself, but it's just the truth. For anyone that's open to playing a variety of games to play,Hand of Fateis a fairly safe purchase, but not for those types of people that like to stick to their narrow pool of genres. If you're one of those types of people and still want to experiance something weird and new for yourself, I'd probably recommend something else to you.Want a number rating? I'd say an 8/10; at the very least, a 7/10. It's not your GotY, but there's a lot to enjoy from this game and, if you can get it and the DLC all for under $10.00, then you'll be getting great value from it all."
76561198006726447,Recommended,266510,15498488,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Crombie,Enjoyable gameplay ... unique mix of game elements that keeps me coming back for more.  I hope to see more decks of cards / seasons come out of this developer.  I will gladly buy up more.
76561197981520343,Recommended,266510,24609541,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Philosophized,"As only a dabbler in Rogue-lite games, I was not expecting to enjoy Hand of Fate nearly as much as I did.  Now I could sit here and attempt to describe all of the gameplay elements that go into Hand of Fate, (Rogue-lite action rpg with CCG-style deck-building and progression) but that doesn't really describe what the game IS or why I enjoy it so much.  This game pulled me in, and really got me into the "" just one more run"" Rogue-lite mindset in a way most others in the genre have not.The basic premise of the game is that you construct a deck of equipment and encounter cards and use it to try and defeat each of the dealer's decks of minions.  Each deck progresses over several randomly laid out ""dungeon floors"" constructed from the encounter cards you chose, plus a few from the dealer.  The goal is to get to the bottom and defeat the deck boss, while unlocking new cards and equipment along the way.The difficulty curve in this mode is really nice (especially for a Rogue-lite), by which I mean that most action rpg veterans will find that they breeze through the first few deck challenges purely on the strength of their combat.  That, however, does not last.  As the game progresses, unlocking more cards and building your encounter and equipment decks around the specific challenges of an enemy deck becomes more and more important.  This is the part of the game that keeps hooking me back in.  I'd find myself failing a run, but super-excited to start a new one just to see what the new cards I unlocked did.  Also, the artwork for the cards is really really well done and the dealer character has some of the best voice-acting (and one-liner writing) I've heard in a game for quite a while.A few minor gripes:  The controls for the combat sections aren't quite as tight as I would like (read: as tight as in Arkham City / Asylum), but they are more than adequate by action-rpg standards.  That said, the combat can get a bit repetitive after a while, as the combat system itself doesn't have quite the depth of a full-on action rpg.  Different weapons and abilities help some, but the 15th time you draw a 6 of Scales does start to feel grind-y.Endless mode is a bit of a mixed bag: it's more of the traditional rogue-lite experience (starts off relatively easy, and just gets continuously harder until you die), but without any of the custom deck-building from Story Mode (it just throws every card you have into the mix).Final word:  If you like Rogue-lites, I highly reccomend this one, especially if you're also into CCG-driven mechanics.  If you don't like Rogue-lites at all, I'm curious why you're still reading this review, but if you got this far, this one *might* be worth giving a chance, especially since the difficulty curve starts out a bit more forgiving than most of the genre and doesn't really start ramping up until you've cleared 4 or 5 decks.  That said, it is still a Rogue-lite, which means you will occasionally have the runs that end in 4 moves because you drew the hardest 2 monsters in the deck after losing your shield and half your health to bad luck."
,Recommended,266510,30538472,Posted: 16 March,all,SilentSand,"Medicore combat used pretty much for making the rest of the game feel better. It's essentially a CYOA with roguelike elements to it that expand the game more  the long you play, for the most part. Unfortunately, bad luck in this case can elongate how long it takes to even look at certain types of cards, which means if you really want to look at all the cards, you'll probably just have to grind easier difficulties to anywhere any time soon.While the CYOA part is fun, eventually it unfortunately tends to be more boring than fun as you see the same dialogue for the same choices over and over and over, and the same dialogue over and over and over and over, and it begins to feel less like an exploration than just choosing which buffs you'd like to get and hopefully getting good rolls. If the rolling was more fun or more interesting, it would be great. If the choices felt actually varied, that would be great. If the combat and items supported the rest of the game better, that'd be great.Unfortunately, none of that is true, and it becomes a mediocre roguelike where the main selling point is the uniqueness. Being able to influence your dungeon is kind of fun, but not nearly as much as it sounds unfortunately. Certain items are worthless or absolutely BoS, so instead of having a variety you usually just end up picking up stuff to make things better.All in all it was a fun experience in some part, and an absolute drudge when combat took precedence over the rest of the game. Combat's only benefit is the item choices you get to make, which means bad items make the combat absolutely boring, even when difficult. Really only recommended if you like CYOA, really."
,Recommended,266510,14603750,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MoonSloth,"Stabbed skeletons, stabbed goblins, stabbed bandits, got stabbed by skeletons, goblins, and bandits. Mr Lionel stole my pickled onions. 10/10."
76561197985256601,Recommended,266510,12177519,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Makaio,"Amazing mix of roguelike, action and card game.  High amount of depth and interplay between the elements of the game.  Very fun."
,Recommended,266510,11270391,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ShengDamast,"A Rogue-like, looking for an equal!I've started to notice this game because of TheReformist, therefore huge shoutout to him!https://www.youtube.com/user/ReformistTMGo check him out. Impressive Voice, enjoyable Pace of the presented content.If you played Binding of Isaac and really liked the increasing difficulty and the randomised Worlds you can discover, but felt that there was a story shortage or the story setting wasn't yours,Hand of Fatetakes you into its medieval, fantasy world.My personal experience with the huge amount of Early Access games that are out there is: They have Content and Gameplay, which more often than not is tossed into your face, ""Do or Die!"".Hand of Fateis also in Early Access, but does an amazing job at introducing the Player to its mechanics in an enjoyable way.FacingThe Dealeryou journey through an ever changing deck of cards, encountering traps and fortunes alike, gaining treasures and surpassing hurdles or... not. But don't falter! For each surpassed challenge your fate shuffles again and may change to your likings. For each Boss beaten the challenge increases and the world expands. Who knows whatThe Dealerholds forYou?"
76561198034327603,Recommended,266510,14903947,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Ghoul024,"Only half an hour in and already I love it. The DM is excellently voice acted and every game feels unique. The combat can vary depending on your equipment. If you have a shield you will tend to dominate the earlier part of quest, but the event cards wil keep you on your toes for sure!I would heartily recommend this to anyone who likes awesome atmosphere, interesting card effects and enviornments, juggling resorces and combat which focuses on dodging and countering."
,Recommended,266510,14820423,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,SokK,"This game is awesome, still, it made me rage so much... Why ? Because even if the game looks REALLY easy in the beginning, when action phases (fights and escape traps sequences) remain ""simple"", it becomes a real nightmare at the end of the game. The camera is NEVER looking in the right direction, so sometimes you'll have to fight ennemis you cannot see... or avoid traps hidden by the awful camera. Same goes for the action phases gameplay : it's impossible to precisely move around the map or attack from a certain angle, so you'll loose heath by falling into traps a lot. In the late game, you cannot really afford to loose health in such a way.It's a HUGE frustration because this game really rocks, but I get so angry when I play it, I just wanna smash my keyboard into my screen. For f**k sake, when you create a game, when you see its flaws (cause you've got to be blind if you don't), just don't put gameplay elements that emphasize them. Or FIX IT. For the traps sequences, WHY DON'T WE HAVE A GOD DAMN ""RIGHT ON TOP OF THE CHARACTER CAMERA"" ? Why did you put a stupid inertia to the main character's movement when you simply don't have it when you fight ? WHY ?I guess I'll wait for hand of fate 2 now, I don't wanna rage anymore trying to avoid things I simply cannot see."
76561198002077486,Recommended,266510,14579469,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Doctor Krollspell,good game jaö
,Recommended,266510,14546703,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,RiskyHawkEye,"Fantastic game that becomes an addiction after you get past the first boss. The Dealer's commentary and card descriptions are great! If you like RPG's, deck building games, and fighting with sword and sheild and mace and axe and HUGE HAMMER, then by all means, play this game if you dare chance the hand of fate."
76561198071082501,Recommended,266510,16541809,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cheeses Christ,A combination of tabletop games. CCG/Board/RPG with great narration. If that's your thing I don't understand why you don't own this yet.
,Recommended,266510,16673489,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Old Guy Games,"An excellent combination of dungeon crawling and cards.  This one is well worth your money and time, and it's great to see that the Unity engine can be something amazing in the hands of a developer that puts time and effort into their game.This one is a must have."
76561198158149244,Recommended,266510,14636315,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,tuckboat,I have to say this a strange concept for a game and one I was hesitant to try at first but I am pleased to say it was excuted well. I would be wary if you get frustrated easily as this game is VERY dependent on the old RNG. For a hybrid action title this can be frustrating. I was stuck on one of the decks for a few days without coming anywhere close to completeing it when BAM I hit a couple lucky cards and breezed past the boss battle in about 40 seconds. I do not see this necessarily as a knock on the game as I feel it was really designed as a card game of choice and chance (with some deckbuilding elements mixed in) first and an action title second. I wouldAtmposphere is where this game really excels and has to be my #1 reason for giving this the thumbs up. From the narrator to the combat level layout and on to the basic but very fitting card art I get drawn in every playthrough. I strongly feel this is a title best played in the one or two runs per session.I am enjoying this title and recommend it to anyone who wants to try something different. There are some RNG frustrations that would make it a tough sell to some and Mechanically the combat gets a bit repetitive.7/10
,Recommended,266510,23907433,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GanjahRebel,"Checklist to see if this game is for you:[ ] - Do you like card games?[ ] - Do you like fantasy medieval themes?[ ] - Are you into rogue-likeish rpgs?[ ] - Can you enjoy a good reading?I could go on and on but if you ticked those up then it's for you. Don't expect any good combat, it is pretty shallow. Don't expect any complex campaign and dramatic story, it's all about imagination and how you piece it together.As it is now, at -70%, it's a no brainer. Just click that button."
,Recommended,266510,24236402,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,帰らない,A game of card but also a battling game.The combination is so creative that I almost addicted to it.Have to say that it's a great game.Looking forward to the next version
76561198051076735,Recommended,266510,22634644,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Werglia,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQvmHHM-XhA&tHello people!Check out 'My fair Review' for Hand of Fate.Cheers
,Recommended,266510,31842424,Posted: 19 May,all,drAgunov,"TLDR; cute, cheap single-player adventure cardgame with rewards that evolve your deck. Nice amount of adventure cards and fun gameplay, for casual and layed back gaming. No stress or pressure, lots of fun! Don't buy if you want high speed action, explosive graphics or multiplayer Hearthstone like tactical/pay-to-win/frustrating action.9/10I love this game. Played it a lot. You're meeting a cardplayer for a mysterious reason, somehow you are forced to keep playing the game. The deck develops as you complete cards, giving more adventurecards (as a story that continues) or useful equipable items. You deal with 12 bosses, that will each appear at the end of a path of individual adventure cards that have to be encountered before the boss can be reached. A new deck can be selected and built before each boss, and changed in between attempts.The game is extremely casual. Low consequences, many rewards, nice adventures. For layed back play before going to bed and for players who enjoy an adventure without being drowned in reading that adventure, but just want to play it.Pro's:-Nice role-playing mechanic. Easy to be absorbed into the story.-Many (unknown) items to collect and a high variety of story cards make the early and mid part of the game fun!-Dying has no consequence other than a restart of the level, so the game is not ""hard"" or frustrating in that sense.-Rewards from completed adventure cards are also awarded when dying. So when the levels get hard, you still get rewards and are progressing in deckbuilding. Which adds to the casual factor of the game.-Narrator is fun, not very repetitive (i.m.o.)-I really enjoy the little metal coins that award new cards or items as you complete a cards adventure. Cool feature!-Low specs alow for playing on relatively simple laptops and computers.-Love the heap of artwork.Con's:-Game can rely on chance for progress, which can be slightly frustrating at times.-Combat is quite cluncky and simplistic. (although real-time combat in such a game gives a nice depth and adds to player activity, compared to just drawing cards, and rolling dice.)-Equipment could be more creative and extensive. Current situation: 1 weapon, shield, chest, helmet, gloves,  (wear multiple rings/trinkets, more gear slots like shoulder/belt/pants or add features like tattoos with small boost effects, add weapon upgrades upon completing adventures, add feature of combining two gloves: mainhand glove/shieldhand glove.)-No character creation. You are a random dude...I really love this game. The con's are forgivable and I'm looking forward to Hand of Fate 2, which is in the making. But I hope to finish this version before that.Let me know if you think I forgot something in my review that i should add."
,Recommended,266510,16582147,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Terminally Nerdy | CBSA82,"I find myself moving down this dusty corridor, dodging flame traps and a spike ceiling trying to crush me.  I catch my breath for a moment, roll past some arrow traps, and grab a chest!And my reward is some cards.  And the man across the table from me makes some cryptic statements about my past, or the history of that card, or something vague and menacing.This is the sort of thing that happens in this game, and its amazing.Hand of Fate can be best described as a Deck Building Action RPG hybrid.  You are a nameless someone, who has decided to play a game of life and death against a mysterious Dealer.  Your goal is to defeat the 12 members of the Dealers Card Court.  Your weapons, tools, and even dungeons are the very cards being used in the game.I have not played for very long as I don't want to spoil the game for when I do a video playthrough of it, but suffice to say what I have played has my interest piqued.  I want to know who I am, where I came from, how I got to this place, and why this Dealer is such a snarky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Recently, the devs put out a Free content expansion, which adds another little mini story to the game.The basic gameplay is that you have a deck of cards that you have built.  Well 2 actually: Equipment and Encounters.  The dealer then spices things up by adding cards to them, cards you have no knowledge of.  He then lays out a dungeon face down on the table, made up of cards.  You then move a token around from card to card, and experience a variety of things.  One card might be an Ambush of Skeletons, another might be meeting an Elf Lass, another might be a dangerous ravine, or a trap room.In the case of combat, or trap rooms, the game switches to an Action RPG setup, using a combat system very similar to the new Batman Arkham games.  You can dodge, roll, attack, and eventually should you find the gear cast spells or special powers.  One power I had early on let me cause all my attacks to generate cash on the ground that I could pick up.The devs have said the main campaign takes about 12 hours to get through, so about an hour per court member.  There is also Endless mode, which is of course Endless.Hopefully more content updates come down the pipe as I can see myself playing this for quite a while."
,Recommended,266510,16569889,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Stylianfire,Wow very addictive game. Out of so many games I currently have I keep playing this one. Surprisingly it doesnt get old and is very fun to play...
,Recommended,266510,16743482,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Darkin20,"Interesting and compelling game. It is like a cross between ""Magic"" The Gathering"" and ""Dungeons and Dragons"". It is an RPG in card game form where you not only get a random journey but you also get the fight the battles as well. Very well executed and I can see a lot of potential for expansions."
,Recommended,266510,24729313,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Click,"Need to change my review a little bit since I finally beat it the game on default difficulty.The difference between the early game and the late game is night and day. Early game is fun and exciting, the late game is nearly the opposite.Only play this game if you are OK with random events being the reason you lose. You can be very good at combat (telegraphed enemy attacks help) and understand the cards and what to choose (when you have real choice) but still die to 25% chances of bad things happen or getting a bad curse.The combat is basic, the concept is fantastic, and the game is technically very replayable across it's characters and game types as long as you are able to tolerate the punishing randomness.  I hope Hand of Fate 2 has ironed out some of the problem that this game has with it's late game. I do like the game and will therefore recommend it but not to anyone."
76561197991306157,Recommended,266510,16320644,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Canavan,10/10This game captured me from the beginning and is easily the most satisfying purchase of the summer.
,Recommended,266510,26076377,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,madsen,I'm usually not big on RPGs but this one caught me before the first 5 cards were dealt. Very original and immersive.
76561198302675777,Recommended,266510,24610747,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Kuliyamasan,A 10hrs game.
,Recommended,266510,21487741,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,felixader,"This Impression is written in two Languages. / Dieser Eindruckbericht ist in zwei Sprachen verfasst.--------------------------Ich mag dieses Spiel wirklich sehr und würde aus vollem Herzen weiterempfehlen.Ein kleines Problem gibt es allerdings. Die Kartenchancen sind im späteren Teil des Spiels SCHWER GEGEn den Spieler ausgerichtet, jedenfalls wenn man das Spiel die Kartendecks aufbauen lässt.Ich vermute das man als Spieler das Kartendeck im starken Ausmaß zum eigenen Vorteil ausrichten und nur mit wenigen neuen Karten versehen muss um wirklich weiterkommen zu können.Aber bis zu dieser Stelle kann ich das Spiel bisher nur schwerstens empfehlen.----------------------I really really like this game and would heartily recommend it.That said the changes AGAINST the player in the later parts, WHEN LETTING THE GAME CHOOSING your cards are just ridicolous.You get riddled with curses that trigger trough certain coniditions and as if this isn't enough the same curses PERMANENTLY cut down your health by the everytime you get one.I lost the last three rounds solely on this fact and i wager i have to change the deck of cards heavily to my favour to be able to get ahead further.But until then every round is fun."
,Recommended,266510,14572831,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Derty.d,Awesome concept and excellent cards. Music and animation is spot on.A must for any RPG and card game lover.Buy it.
76561198013195134,Recommended,266510,16512137,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dr. Spankenstein,"I've only played a bit so far, but before the sale is over I wanted to get this out.  It's really a neat idea for a game, and I'm having a blast with it.It's basically a procedurally generated game, but procedural generation is affected by a deck you put together and the AI puts together.  It plays out like a board game, where each card is a space you can move to.  Each game has several of these cars laid out.  Somewhere towards the end of this trail of cards is a boss to slay.  Each time you move. the card you land on is revealed.  You may have a choice to make, an oppurtunity to shop with gold, or end up fighting.  Combat will cause the cards to create a small arena and an opponent or opponents for you to fight.  Combat is simplistic, attack, stun, counter, or dodge.  It works though, and the enemies look cool.  Love the slow-mo effect on the finishing blow to the last enemy.  Speaking of face-crunching weapons, those come from cards as well, as do food and gold.  These are drawn whenever you receive items from a encounter card, or on display at the various shop cards.  Food is expended when you move your piece.The narrator you play with has a lot of character, as someone else has pointed out.  I was genuinely enjoying listening to his commentary on my choices and the cards on the table.  His presence really makes you feel like you sat down to play a game with him.  Occasionally he'll tempt you into undertaking a card's challenge by offering you a token that will unlock other cards for your deck.  I can see this getting me killed eventually, but they are so shiny...The variety in the cards from the get go is interesting.  Without spoiling anything (half the fun is in the suprise I think), I was suprised my many of the encounters.  They can be very creative, especially the ones that require decisions.I've killed two bosses thus far, and if I didn't have real life stuff to do I'd be up for a while with this.Long story short, the atmosphere and suprise in the game are amazing.  It's like sitting down and playing a board or card game, but being teleported into a fantasy location for combat.  It is absolutely worth the sale price if you think you would enjoy playing a mysterious game of cards with a good beat down session every thirty seconds or so."
76561198126743981,Recommended,266510,31470072,Posted: 30 April,all,Srife x Archontas,"I love this game, if you are into rogue-like games and randomly generated dungeons this one is for you. The story is great the mechanics are also well tailored. Replayabilty is also important since there is an endless mode to challenge yourself. It's been a while that I haven't played such an innovative game. Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,266510,13400747,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ciknay,Very good. Love the idea of a card game being brought to life. Very compelling to play.
76561198025513407,Recommended,266510,32895335,Posted: 27 June,all,Sorastorms,Love this game. Can't wait for the tabletop game.
76561198006876821,Recommended,266510,32886630,Posted: 27 June,all,Ravenscar,"As a child I spent MANY hours reading Fighting Fantasy game books by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone. This game feels very much like those brought to life - the design of the cards, the tone of fate and choice, the high fantasy feel. For me that's a major win.Also, it just feels like a very nicely polished game, from the animations of tokens and cards moving about, to the very atmospheric voice work.So far the RNG has been challenging but fair, and nothing that is insurmountable. The combat is adequate  (though I feel like a tumbler how often I'm leaping about dodging), and doesn't break the immersion of the game.All in all, for the sale price I got it at, Hand of Fate is well worth buying."
76561197969478703,Recommended,266510,32780106,Posted: 25 June,all,r0tr3x,Interesting concept.  Nice blend of TCG and CRPG.  A decent game.
,Recommended,266510,32783807,Posted: 25 June,all,Anax of Rhodes,"Hand of Fate offers a unique premise: turn your rogue-style Medieval fantasy adventure into a 3rd-person hack-and-slash.  My wife likes it for the relation to FTL; an apt comparison though I think Hand of Fate is much kinder to its players.  Catchy graphics, lots of cards, plenty of customization despite somewhat repetitive encounters.Plus any soundtrack by Jeff van Dyck is a must-have.A good game.  Great if you're looking for something different and more casual than your usual, brutal rogue fare."
76561198163320658,Recommended,266510,32843333,Posted: 26 June,all,Sithin,Loving the cross between TPF and card game; both of those meet Dungeon Crawler... kinda loving this game.
76561198045401832,Recommended,266510,32936710,Posted: 28 June,all,SoloPlayah,"This game feels like Dungeons and Dragons 4E, Fighting Fantasy, Choose Your Own Adventure, and tarot cards.It is a procedurally generated rogue-like RPG card collecting deck building game with quick Arkham-like battle scenes.I fell in love with this game instantly and will continue to play. The game sessions are short and do not outstay their welcome. The dungeon master dealer is the man!!The price is a bargain.The bulk of the game is about moving your character and resolving scenarios as opposed to just fighting in a dungeon crawl.Very unique game, highly recommended!"
76561198100716719,Recommended,266510,33029459,Posted: 30 June,all,Unholy Might,"i wish it play with VR, ambiance is awesome !"
76561198029300088,Recommended,266510,26738992,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,yenkin2001,"The First time I saw this game in my queue; I watched the video and said no thanks.  Few months later I am looking for a game to play while searching Google for ARPG style games and this game was on the list.  Went back and re-looked at the game a second time.  The reviews are good, with what I would say is a 90% rating based on the number of positive to negative reviews.  Sometimes my gut is wrong, after reading recent reviews trolling the discussion I decided for the 30$ CAD it might be worth a look see.There is a lot of goodness going on in this game; it pits you as the player against a dungeon master like character.  There is a randomness to the game that is fresh as you use decks of cards to determine how the game progresses.  This is an interesting concept, but there is a twist even through you can control the encounter deck, don’t expect the dealer to play fair especially as the game progresses.The cards are dealt you move your table top piece unto the next encounter card, it plays out like a choose your own adventure novel, where you can encounter helpful goblins, or find yourself at the mercy of angry mobs.  There is also an arena type encounter where you fight in almost an arcade style fighting, cards determine how many mobs and of what type.  All leading to a Boss card at the end, the pace in the arcade game is pretty quick, but manageable even for old coots like myself.IF anything, the game suffers a bit from a lack of a good tutorial, there is a small game to begin your series, but it lacks instructions, while it is not hard, it would be nice to understand the mechanics a bit more before you are thrown into the fray.  The arcade sequence is a bit twitch as you have to use wasd as movement, along with Q and the 1 and 2 buttons, as well as the spacebar.  I am more comfortable now, but there can be a lot going on when you are being attacked by a large group when you are trying to figure out the combat mechanics.There is no game save feature, you play, leave and resume.  Not sure if you can start over even if you wanted too. It also offers no player avatar customization, so you can’t choose what your avatar looks like, pity I think that is important sometimes to create that affinity between the player and the game.Overall 7.5/10, this is a good solid fun casual game that is unique to play.  It offers up a never ending play value as you never know what the cards will have in store for you.  I think a few tweaks and this game easily could be 10.  Buy it and support them in the Sequel HOF2."
,Recommended,266510,26109569,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,EnzoVic,"3hrs in and I have to force myself to stop because the more I play the more interesting it gets.I love how responsive the combat is and how devastating some consequences are if you choose to be selfish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. A lot of choices has an immediate consequences at most instances. If I spend too much money in the shop, for example, I'll pay for it later when a random encounter wants to trade something good for gold. And yes, I've missed out on a lot of things and it makes the game fresh and fun everytime I play it.Highly recommended."
76561198031749387,Recommended,266510,16828239,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,silversnake7,"""Hand of Fate"" could have been a total mess, a hybrid of a collectible card, board, choice, hack & slash, rouge-like and various other game elements, with an ""opponent"" who is sitting opposite of a table to you and just insults you most of the time.But somehow, it isn't a mess, but all it's aspects are put together in such a smart way, that it makes for an interesting, engaging, fun and awesome game to play.At the core of the game is a ""deck of cards"", packed with various encounters, events, vendors, monsters and equipment. Here a big part of it already starts, because as you progress through the game, you mostly become responsible for which cards are in the deck and you form your own adventure. Though, at the same time, the role of your ""opponent"", the dealer, becomes obvious soon, when he includes some cards himself into the deck and deals the cards to you, taunting you, looking down on you when you fail and showing his spite on your success.This theme and the dynamic presented by the only one who actually gets some character, which is the dealer, already creates an intriguing setup.Then, when the cards are dealt, you have to continue over a kind of ""board"" made of the encounters, which are usually revealed as you step on each card. Sometimes something mandatory happens, but most of the time a choice will follow, how you want to deal with the encounter and as you progress through the game, you will learn about the consequences of those decisions. And sometimes, through the encounters, you will have to play in a completely different setting, where a lot of the actual action and fighting happens, which requires your skill to overcome those chellenges, though sometimes it feels somewhat unprecise.And like that you progress through the game, board by board, gaining new cards, events, equipment, but also new monsters and other chellenges.And so the weird mix turns into this game, which you can influence in a lot of ways, the way you want to play, with which cards and how to act upon encounters, spiced with some chance and skill, delivered through an awesome theme, underlined with some story, which just makes it awesome."
,Recommended,266510,14602686,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Summer Innuendo,"An extremely fun and unique game, even if the combat is a little lackluster."
,Recommended,266510,14528062,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,NeOLiTHiC,"This game is all class. A delightful blend of card game, choose-your-own-adventure and action RPG.I especially loved the attention to detail on the artwork of the cards and the voice acting really enhanced the atmosphere that Hand of Fate creates.Definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,266510,31427223,Posted: 28 April,all,Life On Marsden,"A fun combination of pen and paper-style roleplaying, and Arkham-style combat.The combat alone probably doesn't make this game worth a purchase, it's solid but it's hardly in-depth or particularly engaging, it's like a very watered down Shadow of Mordor, the real charm comes from the RPG aspect of the game, presented in a fashion similar to those old choose your own adventure books, it's fun and nostalgic and is helped along by some great voice acting from the Dealer. Definitely worth picking up if you're an RPG fan, or just looking for something a little different."
,Recommended,266510,26417943,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mr.Red,"**This is a temporary review. I will update this later.Right now I'm just making it visible to friends only, so that YOU -my friends- know I LOVE this game and know I did a video on it. Please don't downvote this as I just wanted to share my video & will update this later, at which point you can vote.**https://youtu.be/F_XYGuTLkQI"
,Recommended,266510,21144254,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Valletta Meme Master,"This game has lots of appeal. And just like anyone else has said the presentation is spot on.Combat can be a a bit clunky and sometimes screw you over, but usualy its pretty simple and enjoyable.And the best part is the fact that you can be on the verge of death, one move away and you can get a stroke of luck and you can go on and win the hand."
,Recommended,266510,13299657,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,AdmiralSpoon,This Game is Spoon approved.
76561198042445318,Recommended,266510,29142826,Posted: 9 January,all,The Furtive Pygmy,Aweomse game. My only hope is that they release more content :)
76561197993294002,Recommended,266510,14670094,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Daklor,"This is the first Steam review I have ever written, I normally wouldn't write them, but I enjoy this game so very much that I thought I would share my thoughts.This game is, hands down, one of the most compelling roguelike-rpg-combat games I have ever played. It has a very tight core gameplay loop, it scratches that collectable itch, and the combat is fun, with enough mechanics to keep it interesting.But let me speak to the one feature that really sold this game to me. The Dealer. God I hate that man. But I also love him. He narrates the game, he goads you, he encourages you, he hints at a story behind why you and him are playing the game, Every snide aside and every grudging compliment I feel like I earn, and when I defeat one of his cards I literally whoop with victory.As for the RNG (random number generator for those not familar with acronyms) aspect of the game, I never feel like it was unfair, because you can choose which cards to include in your deck. For the past 3 games I was insta killed by one particular card. Am I complaining? No, I chose to include that card specifically because I want to unlock the next card after that. I like to intentionally make the hardest deck I can, just to see if I can beat it. Because there is that element of choice, I never feel like the game is unfair.Finally, the difficulty curve. It is rather seductive. It lures you in the first couple of bosses, and then decides to smack you around a bit. I like it, I feel like it lengthens the game. The one issue I have is that I feel like it was way too easy on the outset, so I managed to get to the 10th boss with minimal losses. That could be just me, and it is taking quite a few runs to even see the boss I am currently on.That gets to my final point, and only criticism, such as it is. I need more. I am worried I will be running out of cards to find, of things to see, and I need more. Fortunately the game seems very well set up to add content to, and I for one will be getting whatever the developers put out. I hope they support this game for a very long time.I wholeheartly recommend this game to players who enjoy a good dungeon crawl, who like paying for their mistakes, and especially to those who love the feel of a board game, where you can look across the table at your opponent and think, ""Time to take this jacka-- down. """
,Recommended,266510,13949322,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Perona,"It's like playing one of those board games where you make a character and it randomized the dungeon layout, except you get to pick and choose most of what goes into the deck that makes the dungeon. Very fun, lots of stuff to unlock too!"
,Recommended,266510,13994420,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SciBear,"Wow...  Original Fun, Fair, and a challenge.  It's batman fighting mechanics during the fight phases, and a card game during the movement phase, with some story thrown in.  A wonderful opponent, narrator.  But simply... it's just FUN.   Go for it, even in early access."
76561198102773181,Recommended,266510,31903185,Posted: 22 May,all,Bluejoy,"This game is amazing. Part Action RPG, part Rogue-like, the game scratches so many itches. Basically, it plays like this - you walk through a series of randomized encounters in a top-down board game. Most of these encounters take you to an action-rpg combat scene, where you fight randomized batches of enemies. When you get to the end of a scenario, you fight a boss, and the deck gets reshuffled for the next one. However, for each encounter you complete, you unlock new possible encounters, and before each scenario, you get to choose which encounters you want to have in the deck. This gives the player massive control over difficulty and playstyle, while also adding strategy elements to your preparation before each scenario. Trying to unlock new cards becomes an exploration goal, while completing scenarios and beating bosses is a skill-based challenge, especially considering the combat system, which revolves around well times dodges and counterattacks. The randomized elements make each playthrough unique, increasing replayability and allowing for the thrill of both very lucky finds and very unlucky match-ups.This game is extremely well balaned. If you lack the skill to overcome one challenge, the game provides others to keep you invested. Without realizing it, you keep playing until you realize you've gotten better, or that you've gotten some helpful cards, and maybe now you can beat that boss after all. There's quite a lot of content in the main game, and it comes at an even and rewarding pace.Also, the art and graphics are beautiful, the music is good, the voice acting is charming and the overall game feel is incredible. The game sucks you in and makes you want to unlock more, do more, get better, but because individual sessions are not too long and, in a pinch, the game can save midsession, there are lots of exit points if you're not able to play for hours on end.Worth every penny."
76561198092568480,Recommended,266510,32087650,Posted: 31 May,all,凡阳悟天,"This game is incredible!  1. different choice can get the different consequence.2. It's not a traditional card game. Because when you get some particular card, you can get an RPG fight in the scene. That's incredible.3. If you buy the DLC, you can use the different hero who has some unique ability to start your journey.4 There have a lot of branch story wait for you to discover.Oh, by the way, at first I think it is an easy game. But I'm wrong; this game is very hard if you didn't unlock enough card in the end boss: dealer...And don't ask why I know that :D"
,Recommended,266510,32263419,Posted: 8 June,all,Angry Toast,"Absolutely excellent game! I only have a couple hours on it, but from playing it I love how the game handles.You play through a deck of cards magically generated with cards you collect and cards the dealer holds. Each card has either a good or bad effect on you, and you explore these slowly elaborately growing dungeons to find the exit. You can go from talking to a merchant and equipping gear you own to fighting an army of bandits. The combat is very fluid, tight and easy to pick up. You are slowly put into the ringer and shown everything you need to know before the real challenges come out. Trust me, the difficulty picks up fast, but at least you can better equip yourself as you progress, because you unlock more useful encounters/equipment cards from beating the dealer at his own game. Its highly addicting and superbly fun! Give it a go, its worth every penny and even buy the DLC its excellent too!"
76561198007471259,Recommended,266510,32314012,Posted: 10 June,all,Adrian,"A great combination of a card game, where you still need to unlock more cards through the encounters, and battle game, where you navigate your hero in the combat encounters and your vicotry also depends on your skill as a fighter!You can earn or buy items which help, there are curses and blessings, and for most enounters you get 4 cards shown (suceess, fail, huge fail/success), and hten they are shuffled and you pick one which influences the outcome of each encounter... mixing also a random component to the game. There are 3 difficulties, each also with a few unique cards to unlock and there is also an endless mode, so a lot of hours can be spent in this game. There are 4 main story campaigns, each with unique conditions set which make a nice challenge and variety (e.h. no blessing for you and after each floor you get a random curse...)8.5/10 and looking forward to part2!"
,Recommended,266510,26057253,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Sunder,Its a pretty cool very rouge-lite mashap of deck building and batman combat system for encounters.
,Recommended,266510,26052761,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,bossxiii,"Really love this game, simply UI and story but rich feature."
76561198010458114,Recommended,266510,20082351,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Xilocaina,"A really, really good mix of puzzle board card and battle rogue like elements. Highly recommended."
76561197985682487,Recommended,266510,19300065,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Reddbeard,Buy this game.
,Recommended,266510,35169079,Posted: 23 September,all,youtube.com/c/TheRockShowIsOn,Stacking the deck was never so much fun. 10/10https://youtu.be/bLxAdvtUojg
76561198020169990,Recommended,266510,26976786,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,デデデ,Best concept for a game ever. 10/10 would card/rpg/third person hack and slash again.
76561198031041533,Recommended,266510,26048409,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[KM] Omegaman90,After playing for only an hour i have reached the 4th out of 12 encounters and i have absolutely fallen in love with this game. A great twist on the text adventure game that adds hack and slash battles with the strategy of a card game. I bought this game on sale for 8.50$ but i do believe it is worth its full price at 25$. Would reccomened to anyone at any age.
,Recommended,266510,35364256,Posted: 30 September,all,Xas,"Beautiful masterpiece of carddrawn,rogue dungeon experience.Immersive atmosphere, voice audio of the aged dealer and scenery of locationsGrind for more advanced equipment and encounter,prepare yourself for the perlious and harshness of the depths.Although the scrambling of the dungeon routes,limited adventures once you seen them a couple times.Most breakable in locations are just decorations,if only they would drop some stuffs to pick up.Excessive basic equipments stucked in your inventory from earlier adventure.Multiples of sword, hammer and axes are redundant in the card deck.Could really use a discard option.A Worthy Game.Pity there is little to no chance of further dlc or extension, since they are working on Edition Two."
,Recommended,266510,35366890,Posted: 30 September,all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,"It's kinda like DnD with cards.Or the Rocksteady Batman games, with cards.It's pretty neat."
,Recommended,266510,12934612,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Iron Leonem,"Stick with me here... it's a roguelike deckbuilding action rpg. WAIT DON'T GO ANYWHERE!Hand of Fate is an extremely atmospheric and well built title that draws you in, in a way you don't expect. Exploring a card tile dungeon that shifts in to action rpg combat sounded like it would be jarring and immersion breaking, but in my opinion it was handled in a well executed and impressive manner. Being able to customize not only what items your hero has equipped but what items he can find at all is an interesting take on roguelike. The randomness of the roguelike genre meets strategy and customization in a way that I probably won't be putting down for a while."
76561197970447700,Recommended,266510,35251735,Posted: 27 September,all,oneclipleft,Very cool combination of gameplay mechanics. Everything is polished and enjoyable. Can't wait for Hand of Fate 2!
76561198085904420,Recommended,266510,35255573,Posted: 27 September,all,MojoJojo,"It's really a fun game which combines board game, rpg, and battle system. Sooooooooo enjoy playing this game. It is more like a trpg with AI as keeper. Highly RECOMMEND!"
76561198000942568,Recommended,266510,14560180,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Noetherian,"I am very happy with this game. The core mechanics are solid, but for me the real selling point of the game is the dealer's narration and the accompanying lore.Well-polished game with a unique premise. Definitely worth trying out."
,Recommended,266510,35492677,Posted: 5 October,all,wyulf,"firstly, if you are expecting a CCG the likes of magic the gathering or whatnots, then perhaps you should temper your expectations again, or just look for a different game.hand of fate is first and foremost, more of a rogue-like rpg, and the cards simply become gameplay elements, dictating your gear, and the story. if you've played games like card crawl on mobile devices before, you'd have an idea of how it's like.the fun part about hand of fate however, is very much tied to the way you configure your deck itself. you therefore dictate what kind of random items could appear in your game, what kind of encounters you'd face, etc. and of course, the dealer himself (like a game master in pen and paper rpgs), do inject some random elements of his own into your deck. all this put together, would amount to your single session in the game. facing different foes, picking up different loot, and going through different tales. as there's tons of different cards available for you to pick from (and more as you unlock them), it gives the game a pretty decent replayability.while luck does play a major factor in how your game progresses sometimes, it does get easier as you accumulate more gold, better gear, and some blessings. there's also the matter of balancing your health, with your gold, and your food too, all of which could potentially lead to your demise at any given moment, depending on the scenarios you'll face. some challenges can be truly rewarding, and just as easily it could be fatally punishing. but i suppose like most rogue-like games, it's something you get used to after a while, for better or for worse.all in all, it's a pretty interesting concept, and an overall fun game that has lots of possibilities, and thus a lot of replayability. looking forward to the sequel, to see what improvements the developers have added."
76561197970735316,Recommended,266510,14659954,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Lhee,"It's like they took elements from Card Hunter, Batman, Bastion, FTL, and Ziggurat, mixed it up in a blender, and ended up with something far more enchanting and wonderful than you would ever expect. It starts off pretty easy but the difficulty ramps up considerably as you unlock new cards.  It's one of those ""Just one more round"" games  I always seem to end up playing until 3AM without realizing it. There's also an endless mode for infinite replayability. If you're on the fence about this one, check out the Total Biscuit video for a really great synopsis of what makes this one so special. I can't wait to see what kind of stuff this developer has in store for the future."
,Recommended,266510,28624836,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,pampamfannyslam,"Amazingly addictive and time-consuming. Hours lost to this game.HoF isn't even my type of game in anyway, card games, RPGs, fighting and quicktime events. There's nothing wrong with those genres but I just haven't found any that work for me. Until HoF. It's storytelling and narration instantly drags you in and you will always be faced with surprises and challenges that do not get old. Every goal you successfully achieve feels amazing.Can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,266510,11756808,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Fistpunch89,"I played this game for about an hour, even though it is in beta early access, its reminiscence of fable in looks, and plays like a card game while featuring dungeon crawling and fights that just top the exceptional uniqueness of this game. It also can be challenging with the random draw of cards because you dont know what monsters or mazes or traps you will have to face, you could say the game has a roguelikness to it because if you die you die. But you keep the cards you unlock and can build preset decks, and decide what you want to take with you into your next game such as armor, weapons, abilities, etc. Take in mind though that this game is in beta, and it needs a little more fine tuning in the fluidity of fighting and character movement but i beliieve that will be taken care of in one of the many updates being worked on in the future. This game is amazing and has great potential i would recommend this game to all my friends or any other gamer."
,Recommended,266510,11245445,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DrTeaSpoon,"Brilliant Concept!Interesting combination of:-Choose your own adventure (Like those books) :: Every card in your encounter deck is like single page in that kind of book. You build your own deck from the cards you have unlocked.-Action Adventure Game (god of war) :: While the combat is not impressive looking and visceral as those games tend to be, the combat has strategic and dynamic elements to keep you on your toes.-Rogue Like :: Rogue likes have always been about exploration and resource management. This game offers that in spades.When I played this for first few runs, I thought that ""Soon I've seen all the encounters and items so it will lose it's charm"" but I discovered that some of the encounter cards are not set in stone. They have multiple ""forms"". For example encounter called ""Rock Fall"" had very different conclusion.Also when player is given ""random"" positive or negative conclusion to encounter the player draws from Four different cards.Cards can be any combination of Fail, Greater Fail, Success, Greater Success.The fact that player is physically show the shuffle of these cards gives him opportunity to follow how the cards move and can eliminate possibilities.Also every encounter with ""red spot"" on it, is part of a quest of sorts. When dealt with correctly will unlock the next part of the quest available for your encounter deck. This is very neat way of not making the game all about getting to the boss but the path to the boss is also important.So that this review would not be complete hype lets bring up few issues:-Combat is every now and then very easy. When there are 1-4 opponents you can overwhelm the enemy quickly because your ""auto targeting"" attacks send you flying across the map. You feel like juggernaut from Dota 2-Block / Counter animations are too slow compared to your normal ones. You feel like everyone in the game stops for your to do your animation.-Enemies NEVER attack at same time. There is always only single enemy swinging a sword + one ranged enemy ready to fire.-Block / Counter ""quick-time"" prompts show for too long. I feel like being babied into the game. I wish there was some difficulty settings about this.-Blood. Game really needs blood right now the swings rarely give me that satisfaction. I barely get any feedback from hitting the enemy. Its even harder to discern how much damage I've done or have I actually killed one of my enemies without any blood splatters.As you can see Most gripes I have are in the combat of the game. Thankfully the combat still feels fun but could be more.And HEY! It's not all about the combat anyway. :3"
,Recommended,266510,20862020,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,.Parx,Most Excellent.
76561198033197120,Recommended,266510,30238811,Posted: 28 February,all,superwoerd,"Amazing game!- Very unique and original mechaniscs involving the player building his own level by choosing specific event cards.- Intelligent deck building with the equipment cards leads to surprisingly strong combinations of items.- Mulitple interesting side stories aquired by succesfully completing events/cards.- The game is not forcefully difficult like darksouls but definitely requires skill (both mechanical and intellectual) and trial and error (especially the last level).- It is super satisfactory to be able to finish the main story line, in the way that you just feel obliged to watch the end credits.- I just achieced that (24 hours in) however I still have a lot of sidequests to complete and I'm already excited for that. On top of that there is an endless mode where you can reach the absolute limits of your dedication."
76561198147900365,Recommended,266510,17200751,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,benioan,"This is a very interesting game. I'm not planning on writing a full review but here are some of my thoughts:First of all, the game is VERY buggy. It will take a lot of updates and patches to fix all the bugs but I'm sure Defiant Def will get there in the end!That aside, I LOVE the narrative! Even though he says the same thing again and again I never get bored of it! The combat system is slightly 'off', but overall it is quite fun.I really enjoy playing this game and even though it needs a lot of work, I see great things with this game!"
76561198119958208,Recommended,266510,32936803,Posted: 28 June,all,Manneken Pis,Fun
,Recommended,266510,11519197,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,LabRatGR,"Really enjoy it. Lost of fun. I do feel that the combat needs a little balancing, however, since it's early access and they have stated that balancing and polishing is one of the things they are working on, I'm confidant that it will be better once fully released.  Lots of replayability in this one. Highly recomended."
,Recommended,266510,21264297,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Valkyriez_Gaming,"Let me preface this, I haven't finished the game yet but I'm halfway through the story mode. This game is amazing. Whilst the combat isn't perfect, and only a part of the over all game, it tells a great story, is engaging and the randomness of the cards and the encounters is fantastic. I've had a few bad deals, where I was just obliterated with bad luck but then you get some hard fought wins against the monsters and a few lucky cards and it can turn it all around.9.8/10 at least. Hand of Fate needs more traction, its definitely one of the best games I've bought in a long time."
76561198042778576,Recommended,266510,21590826,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,link5744,"This game is one of those rare gems that exceeds expectations. The game combines and rpg with a card game quite well, the gameplay switches between going through a board made of cards into live action combat and back again. It is quite clear the developers put a lot of work into making this game. The dealer and your antagonist makes the game feel quite interactive as he narrarates your story. He also has fun lines of dialogue that just add life to the game. The combat is very simple to master but allows you plenty of room to improve. The replayability of the game is probably its strength as every single game is different and allows for plenty of room for exploration with the deck building aspect of the game to change up every single playthrough.I look forward to seeing what else is done with this game, it is well worth the 25$ it costs."
,Recommended,266510,21626538,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,FollowtheChris,"Stop reading reviews and just buy this game! It's absolutely worth the full price, and being on sale makes it a no-brainer!This is an amazing game to keep you busy between larger games, or just as something to play to unwind before bed. There's not a ton of over-arching story, which makes it ideal for dipping into for a few minutes at a time, even if you let weeks pass between play sessions.The general mechanic is that you've died, and are playing a card game against death. Death deals a set of cards that create a dungeon for your character to play through. Each card is a different room or event for you to play through, with everything from gambling events to stores to story-driven events to combat. Each dungeon you play through unlocks new cards -- both equipment for your adventurer as well as rooms and events to play through.  The next time Death deals a dungeon, it will be slightly longer than the last one you played through.One of the best mechanics is that when you hit a ""combat"" room, you actually ""dive into"" the card and control your adventurer as he fights the minions from the card. The combat mechanics are simple, but surprisingly fun. The minions have enough variation in attacks and style that combat never becomes dull, even though you have to fight several mobs per dungeon.The devs are also great people. They've added a ton of new contenet since the games release, and as you play through you'll notice their little DLC expansions peppered through -- you always have the option to dive into DLC from the main game. I hope they keep releasing these expansions!So all in all, this game is a no-brainer. It isn't likely to be one that you sit down an play through entirely without breaks, but it makes a perfect distraction between larger games or just for a short session at night. Add it to your collection now!"
76561198088925639,Recommended,266510,32052398,Posted: 29 May,all,Chaoscondemner,"I love the random aspect when going through the dungeons, you always have the chance of getting something that may help you or really hurt you. Even if difficult cards are played and it looks like you may have trouble, you can pull through if you try hard enough.The combat system flows really well, I would say it is similar to the Batman Arkham games.I would recommend this game to anyone looking for an intriguing rpg game."
,Recommended,266510,11604108,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,HAIL SATAN,This was a surprisingly fun random pick up. I would describe it as a Rogue-like mixed with a card game mixed with Gauntlet. You play against a narrating wizard who draws random card challenges as you progress through a dungeon and taunts you. It's a simple and fun mechanic and you can sit down to play a round in 15-30 minutes. As you encounter certain cards you get tokens to unlock new cards to put in your deck. All in all very nice.
,Recommended,266510,31411795,Posted: 28 April,all,Just Some Guy,"Pros:Very immersiveVery fun in generalGreat voice acting from the guyMeh:I've had one soft lock, which was solved just by restarting the game, the executable not the level.I've been playing on normal difficulty and i'm at the final boss at 5 hours. I'm sure if i put it on a higher difficulty i would have died more than twice.Cons:Combat gameplay is pretty boring but there's a twist on one of the bosses thatmakes you lose one food every counter-attack."
76561198027506023,Recommended,266510,25155827,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Guardian,Fun game with action and skill based play and strategy for card deployment.
,Recommended,266510,16951007,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Puglas,"Great writing and voice acting for the Dealer!With games that use so much randomness, 'luck of the draw' is going to have a huge impact.  If you are a person that is willing to accept that to experience good times you have to experience bad, the mechanics of the game will work for you.  If we all chose success cards at every point in our lives, it would cheapen the experience.  That seems a little trite for real life, but for a video game review, I think it is apt.Combat is a clone of the Batman/Shadow of Mordor games, but obviously not as fluid or as varied."
,Recommended,266510,17342648,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Coronaxe,"Hand of Fate is really something out of the ordinary;Designed as a card collecting/dungeon brawler game, it tries a fresh, new approach to both genres.+-Interesting gameplayGreat voice actingAmazing artworkVery forgiving, yet challengingOne-button combatsluggish animations in combatDescription to how the game works; (thought I'd put it a bit after the pro and cons, as it's a bit mundane to read.)At the start of each new dungeon, you'll get to choose, which cards are in your own ""equipment"" deck and which cards you want to add to the dealer's deck. So you decide whether you want this extra shield or ring, or rather add an extra sword into the deck. The same thing is possible with your dealer's deck, as it's your call to make your game easier and miss out on those card tokens, which you need for new cards, equipment as well as encounters, or choose the cards, which are yet to be beaten and try your best on the way.The dealer lays out a dungeon with the chosen cards, in which you navigate around with your little figurine, kinda like a board game. From time to time you'll encounter a monster or a trap, from where the game will switch into a Arkam City-style 3rd person combat system, which is debateably the weakest part of the game, in which you can move around a small area, dodge, attack and counter attacks.I really hope you found this review helpful in aiding your decision towards buying this game.If you have thoughts on improving this review, please contact me! (:"
,Recommended,266510,17369506,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,D25: Thief,"This game is utterly fantastic. It blends the card and combat dynamics wonderfully, the dialog is amusing, and the over all premise is quite clever.The combat can feel a bit easy and simplistic in early stages, but as the game goes on it ramps up with you.I went into this game after reading a few reviews around online and expected it to be good, and I was not dissapointed"
76561197995328858,Recommended,266510,21804268,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Kragge,Surprisingly simple yet fun roguelike. Do yourself a favor and play with a controller.
76561198042073995,Recommended,266510,34543008,Posted: 27 August,all,Kitsune no Majo,"I am not really into long reviews because most of the time people don't read them. I will say that if you like rogue games with an interesting twist then this is the game for you. Its not like ""Rogue Legacy"" in terms of difficulty but you will have to explore to build up your items before each boss. You will have cards that will be recieved for exploring which can be used to upgrade your deck. The potential to have really good items is there but so is the potential to never get that mace that does holy damage or that much needed heavy armor. Goodluck and have fun!"
,Recommended,266510,21400723,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,yzzy,"When I started playing this game, I felt different, because normally when I play a game for the 1st time I usually knew immediately if I like the game and would continue playing the game or not. Hand of Fate took some time, but I’m glad I gave it some more game time, because now I can’t seem to stop playing it. This game is Unique in it’s own way, try playing a few more set after the tutorial and you will know what I mean."
,Recommended,266510,14572043,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Kyubashi,"Pretty damn awesome, unique and downright cozy to play. The only somewhat major downside is a lack of proper user interface, or rather a lack of polish in said derpardment. If they took notes regarding click and feedback from a game such as Hearthstone, or indie related, 2dboy's World of Goo, this game would immedietly be a 10'er for an indie game."
,Recommended,266510,20260326,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Uglysses,Great card game and fun action!
76561198037424717,Recommended,266510,23354953,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,NorseBoris,"A nice RNG game with an artstyle that reminds me of Fable. Furthermore, the narrator's voice is pure sex."
,Recommended,266510,28082228,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Shadow,"Fun game for rpg and collectible card game fans, Hand of Fate offers a fun customizable experience that is challenging and interesting. The writing on the stories left me putting inferior cards in my deck just so I could find out what happened next.The last level was a bit overbearing for my taste, but the others could be defeated with a variety of clever tactics and strategic planning."
76561197970678733,Recommended,266510,11784872,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Aineko,Currently frustration outweighing fun for me personally.  Needs more balancing.  Certain cards produce encounters that are laughably easy and others that are pure hell.  You are literally at the mercy of total randomness in this game.  Queen of Dust fight brought realization as to how wierd and sluggish combat can be.  Combat tries to be like Batman Arkham games yet more linear and slow with one to two combat animations and no exciting combos to my knowledge.   Spent entire QoD fight lunge diving to evade and waiting to strike someone and thought to myself how ridiculous this mechanic is and has been in past fighting games.  If shield cards or blessings rolled may have been easier fight yet in my experience this is fith time fighting her and found nothing useful on my way to her so far.  Player seems to have enormous hitbox and compared to enemies and because of the stationary camera during fights it is easy to misjudge distance at a critical time.  Don't feel as if I am making any substantial progress in the game.  You unlock new cards but may never see them in a playthrough and more often than not they wont help you anyway (and can also possibly hurt you).  Once a new act is started you lose all equipment and have to pull from the deck all over again to gain items.  Mixed feelings about the game overall so far.
76561198107447301,Recommended,266510,22800013,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Hatty,Amazing and fun! Could barely drag myself away from it!
,Recommended,266510,28824029,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ace reloaded,"Played this game for so many hours and the difference between each time you play it make it that much fun, also the voice acting of the dealer and the whole environmment and theme are just amazing."
,Recommended,266510,21713416,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,JordiTK,"This is a really, really great game. I am so happy I found it.First of all, the dialogue is just outstanding. Not only is it well written and well spoken, it also makes the game very easy to understand. Unlike most other cards games, you don't need to learn all cards by hand, as all of these are explained in detail whenever you draw them.Furthermore, I am deeply a fan of the rogue-like aspect, which I never thought a card game could have. The gameplay is very original; there is no other game even close to this. Everytime you draw a card, you either gain resources, equipment, or you will enter a combat. I am still astonished at how one can combine so many different gaming aspects, whilst yet creating a wonderful game.With no doubt, from the old RTS games I've played to the FPS games that have been dominating the planet, this is one of the best single-player games ever made."
,Recommended,266510,14660898,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Htimez2,"Great game, a combination of Rogue-like, Hack 'n Slash, and Cards. Tons of RPG elements, aloows you to buiild a deck in story mode and pick which cards are going to be played next game. Hard game to describe exactly but I definitely recommend it and if your wondering exactly what the game is about I suggest watching some gamneplay footage. Definitely playable, almost a finished product, and a must own game imo."
,Recommended,266510,16655445,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Noodle,His pot makes a really satisfying noise when he closes it. 10/10
76561198005271335,Recommended,266510,16287015,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Pale Dolphin,"TL;DR:Excellent visualization of what's happening in your head, when you play board-game IRLWe all love board-games, don't we? The only problem with them is that there's too much left for the imagination. If only there'd be a game with board-game rules and visualization of, say, Diablo III or Torchlight, or something similar... If you ever had a thought like that (and I know that I did), you're welcome to buy Hand of Fate as soon as you'll finish reading this review.Hand of Fateis a game that's very simple to play, yet very complex to explain: basically, it's a card game, where you move your token from card to card, encounter monsters, treasures and various obstacles. At the end of each scenario, you fight a boss. Though, the complex thing is that when you encounter an enemy, the game turns in something or an action-RPG with you controlling your hero, using skills and items to actually fight your enemies in real time.Graphics are good, I did enjoy both hacking and slashing, and browsing through on-board adventures (not all of the cards include you teleporting to the arena and fighting monsters, obviously enough). The dealer is a nifty masked dude with creepy yet charismatic voice (you might expect a new announcer with it in Dota 2, though), which follows his own rules and easily admits defeat if you slay his henchmen.As you progress through the storyline, you encounter more powerful enemies and gather a stronger loot. Every scenario is unique, thanks to the randomizer -- you can even call these levels procedurally generated, rogue-like style: every time you start over, both scenario decks (yours and dealer's) are shuffled, and you're getting a new adventure each time you start over.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -I'd strongly recommend this game to all of the RPG fans out there -- it's a breath of refreshing air on the modern RPG scene, really. If you're not into RPG, you might want to check the game out anyway -- it's well-done and interesting to play overall.Rating:8.9 out of 10.0"
76561197987582315,Recommended,266510,17260170,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,RENATO ARAGORN,"I'm going out of my way of not really bothering about reviewing games just to say this:-If you don't likeany the multiple sub-genres involved in this game (deck-building, RPG, old-school tabletop, Rogue-like, Arkhan-like combat) just don't bother giving bad reviews, you won't get the message the game is trying to deliver (it could change your mind on those, hardly though);-If you're new tothose genres, buy it and play with an open mind, don't give quick judgment and the game will show its beauty to you (don't just give up after a few plays);-If you, like myself,enjoymost to all of the aspects of those genres, buy and play it, you'll surprise yourself with a richly complex and mysterious story inside this very much balanced (don't let the bad reviews get in your head) tabletop inspired (some luck involved, sometimes, andnotunfair) and build your own adventure RPG. The combat element is tough, but satisfactory and rewarding, it's not 100% as perfect as some AAA titles but it does a good job and that's enough to have a good experience with the combat part. This is an indie game, so don't expect a perfectly polished game in all aspects, the Devs (who are such great guys and responsive towards the community) are constantly polishing and releasing patches (and DLCs) to fix and improve the game experience, so it just gets better and better.TL:DR version- Don't like the genres? Don't bother (but it would be nice of you if you bought it to help the indie community C: );- Aren't familiarized with the genres? Try it for yourself (truly do, you won't regret it) and don't let bad reviews get to you;-Like those genres?YOU WILL ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS PIECE OF ART CALLEDHAND OF FATE.(sorry if my english is not 100% ^^')."
,Recommended,266510,16688395,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,hkennyrules101,"Pros:+ Roguelike collectible card game dungeon delver brawler roleplaying game+ The dealer's narration is spot-on and immersive; some of the best voice-acting I've heard+ Graphics and ambient sounds are amazingly detailed+ Customizable decks allow you to play like you want+ Fun side-adventures that have unexpected consequences+ Collecting cards through gameplay allows for deeper and varied customization of your deck to fit whatever is needed+ Manages to stay fun, fresh and challenging the whole way through+ Enemies grow stronger with you, challenges get harder, random chance gets stacked against you... it's great+ Rewards skill while still utilizing luck of the draw+ Overall polished final product - and it shows+ I have never felt this conflicted about beating a final boss+ Developers are invested and involved with the community; are releasing more new content to continue spicing up the gameCons:- Typical repetitiveness that comes with any roguelike game (Mr. Lionel, hello, give me my shield please and I'll be on my way)- Typical aggravation associated with chance-only games (that treasure chest cost me half my health with nothing to show for it)Overall:This is a game that seems strange at first, but then after the first game, I realized I was playing something inspired.  You make your deck, then the dealer adds his own cards to it.  These cards make up the ""dungeon"" and are placed face down (mostly) randomly.  You move your avatar from one card to the next to explore each dungeon, turning the cards face up and resolving their events or encounters as you go along.  Maybe it's a shop, maybe it's an ambush, maybe it's an event where you get lost in the swamp, or goblins steal your equipment and you have to kill them before they escape.The variety and depth is impressive.  Some events rely on skill (beating down goblins who just stole all your weapons, for example), while others rely solely on chance/luck of the draw (picking from 3 success cards and 1 failure card to climb safely down into a ravine, for example).  As the game goes on, it introduces more and more facets, all of which give another layer of chance and strategy.  Combat takes place like the Batman: Arkham Whatever games, where you just smack enemies until they fall over and counter when it tells you to, but it's still fun, and the enemies provide enough challenges to keep from being boring/easy.Bottom Line:Absolute recommend.  This is one of those rare times where a game tries to do a little of everything, and manages to succeed at it fantastically."
,Recommended,266510,25298077,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,K #PrayForJakal,"This gem has been overlooked by most players - definitely one of the most solids out there. Can't really ""categorise"" this game for all its' worth but it's a world of its own."
,Recommended,266510,19334879,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Gigi,Sweet little game. Good music and voice over. Hack and slash is not too chaotic. Exciting to reveal new card and progress trough story. Worth the discounted price.
,Recommended,266510,19354468,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,I'm Weeb,"The game is well done, graphics are pretty good, the voice acting and music is amazing and (for me) it's a pretty original comcept, Dungeon and Dragons mixed with Magic The Gathering, gameplay can sometime get a bit repetitive but this game in my opinion is quite a challenge and i would rate it 9.5/10, Would deck again :3"
76561198049424507,Recommended,266510,23458924,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,suoira,"Pros:- Excellent visuals, sound, & gameplay- So much replay value- I love the narrator!Cons:- NoneYou can tell the developers put a lot of love into this game & I'm very much looking forward to what they make next X)"
76561198038461442,Recommended,266510,31700178,Posted: 12 May,all,Noël Flantier,"Great game, original and fun, rich and all... I really recommend it.The only thing I did not like is how much randomness there is. At some point in the progression, half of the events you encounter give you a 1/4 chance of success, not more. Basically you are presented with four cards, only one of them is good and you have to pick it.A very frustrating, and kind of lazy, game mechanic.Try it on sales."
76561198080571109,Recommended,266510,27299967,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,do_i_need_pants,I have beaten this game unlocking every card not in the wild cards dlc. I can say without a doubt this is one of the best games I have every seen and anyone who is looking for something different should at least try it.
76561198023095542,Recommended,266510,20010191,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,R401JL,"This game is a must-have.It is a joy to find a game so finely formed both in concept and execution.The graphical style, the various gameplay aspects, all of it comes together seamlessly to make a great game.Playing Hand of Fate is a little bit like playing Talisman and reading Fighting Fantasy books, simultaneously.As you play the game, you tell a story, you take a chance, you turn a page (or in this case, a card).The CCG elements mean you can replay already completed chapters and have a different experience every time.The combat reminds me of Arkham Asylum and is nicely cinematic and ""meaty"".Weapons, armour and artefacts mean you can tune combat a little to a preferred playstyle.After you have found them of course.I could go on endlessly, I love this game.Buy it, try it, you won't be disappointed.  Or maybe you will, your fate is in your hands."
,Recommended,266510,20939552,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Niggard,"Well, it's incredible interesting and various at the begining and impossibly frustrating at the end.Anyway recommend it. If you like FTL or Arkham Horror - it's for you."
76561198053684621,Recommended,266510,20948463,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,alterpha,"Admittedly I am not very good at this type of game yet but I've found it to be both fun and frustrating at the same time. The dealer is a narcissistic wind bag who spends most of his time boasting about all the warriors who have excepted his challenge , and then fallen by his hand (no pun intended) trying to beat him at his usually unfair scrimmage. For example win two food cards, lose 4 food on his very next move...and food is important because each move you make costs you 1 food...""oh I AM sorry"" he smugly spouts...and let's just follow that up with a lose half your gold card as well, making it harder for you to buy food . That's fair right? There are other examples as well but seriously, it is very aggressive and it's pretty much like that through the entire game.SO if you don't have patience at all for this kind of mental abuse, you should probably avoid this one to spare yourself a lot of unnecessary stress and quite possibly the death of your favorite controller or any other throw-able object nearby ...But  If you can handle the dealers cockiness it...it's a pretty cool and challenging game."
,Recommended,266510,17427875,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,somguy9,"I honestly am confused as to how this mish mash of different game mechanics are put together to make a game as good as this. If you don't want to read the whole review, here's a shortened version: Buy it. It's well worth the price.Pros:- As original as it can be- Great graphics- Deck building, providing a different experience every time you play- Combat is good, basically the same as in the Batman Arkham series- Choose-your-own-adventure style gameplay- Has an endless mode- The transitions are amazing- Sometimes has a bit of morbid humor added into itAnd much more pros that I don't even bother to type down since there are so many.Cons:- Gets a bit boring after about an hour or two of gameplay (but that's in my opinion, may differ per person)So yeah. It's a great game. You should buy it. Right now."
,Recommended,266510,16870063,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Creedence Leonore Gielgud,"Think of it like a CYOA with instanced combat.  Really easy to get sucked in early on, especially if you're up to the challenge of unlocking higher tier cards."
,Recommended,266510,17577670,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Falco,"This game has an incredibly fun pace.Starts off very easy and enjoyable and as it progresses and enemies get tougher, so does the cards. Suddenly you find yourself constantly getting into really tough challenges near the end.A bit too RNGish, specially at the very last level, as you need some good equipment to be able to beat the end boss. Which is a challenge too, takes a few attempts before beating it.Great game, they tried something completely different and really worked. The atmosphere is great, the voice acting is impressive, good music.I'd say it's worth buying even if it's not in a sale.Let's hope more developers make refreshing games such as this one!"
,Recommended,266510,19378724,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Yuri,"As a lover of adventure games like D+D and card games as well as combat styled games like Batman and AC, this game is just a match in heaven.Picked it up as it was a steal on steam sale and thought I'd try it out, didn't expect to end up playing it pretty much none stop for 3 days straight. Its a very intelligent and rewarding game. Great replay value with endless mode, my only negatives are that the combat can be a little 'sloppy' in moments and I wish the deckbuilding was a little more indepth but these are just nitpicks on a very enjoyable game."
76561198056683657,Recommended,266510,33953008,Posted: 1 August,all,Dyst ツ,You have to only believe in the heart of the cards
76561198024487361,Recommended,266510,14519616,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Straken,"I have purchased several AAA titles in the last few years, and this game has been more entertaining than all of them combined.  A game of Tarot meets a ""choose your own adventure"" and has a Fat, Happy, 3rd person arena brawler Baby.  Most fun I've had in years!10/10 +would get tricked and murdered by Demon again!!!"
76561198147432201,Not Recommended,266510,32293835,Posted: 9 June,all,Rattenkermis,"Amusing at first, but gets very repetitive after a short while. This does not get any better over time. You keep doing the same thing over and over and over and over again.I rather regret not being able to have this one refunded."
76561198066897953,Recommended,266510,14575567,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Icy_Belle,"While this game might be rather innovative yet in some odd way retro edging to text adventures and I therefore might recommend it, I do think that the opinions voiced here are way too positive. The game setup with the cards feels nice but everything in between to me is rather bland.The combat is too easy and generic and the high luck factor is something that I know will get me upset if I will keep playing that and should die due to it. To me the game started to feel very repeatitive really early on and I doubt it will grow different. Still willing to give it a chance."
76561198022316487,Not Recommended,266510,24172640,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Praetor2020,"Too much RNG, not enough payout when the stars do align.HAd a lot of fun but the end game feels like a struggle in futility and the combat is too simple to keep me engaged."
76561198027156385,Not Recommended,266510,32482591,Posted: 16 June,all,Blue Eyes White Privileged!,"I personally can't reccomend this game. I understand why a lot of people like it. What it does,  it does well.In my eyes, it was a great concept, but poorly executed. The only thing I don't really like, is the combat. It just... Doesn't feel remotely satisfying to me. If they had polished the combat, I'd have easily reccomended this game to other people, and given it an outstanding score.Maybe I'll revist this game in the future and change my mind. As it is now, definitely not."
,Recommended,266510,11127388,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Double0,"Amazing gameplay combined with an ever increasing arsenal of equipment and new encounters almost every run make this game something to experience even in this early access stage. The graphics look great, as do the models and animations and the fighting is smooth feeling like Assassin's Creed and the Arkham Series combined together. Get this now before it releases, at this price its a steal! 10/10"
76561198128163488,Not Recommended,266510,20311445,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Rook,"combat is horrible. clunky, clumsy, a total deal breaker for me.everything else is good. if you can tolerate the awful combat, you'll be ok."
,Not Recommended,266510,17075088,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Rhapsody,"I'll start by saying that I want to love this game. The atmosphere is incredible, the pretense for the story delivered through a card based roguelike dungeon is genius in how it capitalises on the strengths of both card games and roguelikes. Even the ambitious combat scheme is generally pretty engaging (if flawed in a few small ways). I adore a lot of what the game is doing. That said, I can't recommend it in its current state.I originally wanted to say that the game is too difficult, but that's not true. The game is outright unfair. I'd be fine with the game being difficult, because difficulty implies a requirement for careful application of thought and skill. This is not what this game offers. Especially nearer towards the end of the game, there are an incredible amount of cards the dealer plays that may as well read ""Player loses game"". For an example, in the final encounter I'd unlocked before giving up, the deck was stacked with entirely uncounterable cards that reduce maximum life by 50%. It wasn't uncommon for my health bar to consist of a maximum single hit point by the third floor, if I was lucky enough to make it that far.I've read on the Steam forums that as of the 2nd of July a rebalance patch has been planned, but with no current ETA I cannot recommend buying this game unless you are a) the proud owner of a 16 leaf clover or b) a supreme masochist."
,Recommended,266510,16512753,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,A Stupid Baby,"Fun game so far. Not finished but:Combat might or might not get deeper than it is - counter/reflect projectiles, dodge roll, stun, and combo multipliers.In many encounters the difficulty seems to be mainly from managing both the actual enemies and the arena itself which can be laden down with traps. Even at the start I find it taxing to manage both, but the game doesn't seem to expect you to be able to come out unscathed. The other part of the difficulty is managing resources as you move through grid dungeons.The story itself is deliberately vague so far, it fits the setting and the delivery from the deckmaster really sells it. The game might be hinting at a deeper story involving the character's past, or it might just be dressing for the nature of the game, it's hard to tell. I'd condiser it a bonus if there's a payoff, but what's already here definitely nails the atmosphere.I'd say the atmosphere is definitely the game's strong suit, and the developers did a really good job with the little details such as using expanding lighting on load, sound effects for things like the opening of the token bowl and dropping of items. The game also knows its exact limits in terms of graphics and animation, and utilizes those things very well.If I have a complaint so far it's mainly just that the use of the game world load for merchant visits is a little bit pointless, though the location and appearance of the shop does change with respect to what kind of shop it is and (I'm guessing) what kind of dungeon you are running.All in all an excellent game especially at the sale price."
76561198065805476,Recommended,266510,16509733,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,13,"See: All the good stuff everyone else says.I have a few problems.1) Maybe it's just me, but I can't really tell when the person I'm beating up is down for the count.2) The game simply stops from time to time. 1 example is using 30 gold to bribe someone at the Smuggler's Wharf, but I threaten him and fail. The game simply stops. It doesn't freeze, mind, but my only option is to either quit the game or forfeit. D:"
76561198044698431,Recommended,266510,16543057,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,yameyantok,"Very interesting game. I won't repeat what others have already said, but it really is a nice mix of types. However, the combat may not be to the liking of everyone."
76561197970520757,Recommended,266510,15462940,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Rhaythe,"This game lives or dies by its atmosphere and presentation. Lucky for it, Hand of Fate nails both. The voice-acting for the dealer is spectacular and easily on-par with Triple-A developers. The card dealing mechanic is well-delivered and helps keep the game feeling quite different with each runthrough. Missing a chance to earn a token is heartbreaking, mostly because you don't know what little nugget of the game was just pulled out of your grasp and how you could have used or played it in a future game run.The game isn't without its issues, and most of them are related to combat. Using a controller just isn't an option for me personally. It doesn't feel right. But nor is the mouse-and-keyboard combo ideal, given you're restricted to just the eight cardinal directions. But pulling off a serious combo is still satisfying, and ultimately, the combat system is just a vessel for the greater card-dealing system, which is the meat of this game. Combat, ultimately, is passable. It doesn't bog the game down.Oh. And the music. Yes, that music."
,Recommended,266510,15830533,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,ThorSerpent,"Indie, but not ugly.Card game, but only on a surface.Classic fantasy, but not a cliche.Surprisingly fun and enjoyable game. Interesting mix of genres + very good VO acting & nice graphics/artstyle = very pleasant gaming experience."
,Recommended,266510,17376867,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Eldeeo,"Now Im gonna start by saying I would highly recommend this game to any type of gamer, casual or hardcore.This game of cards, if you would consider it to be one, reminds me of D&D in a way, a seemingly random story by the cards given to you in the current level ""dungeon"" you are on. The game is rather well played without having any dice for the fighting, intead you are thrown into a smallish map to fight whatever the card dealer gives you, that being humans, skeletons, lizardmen, or rats.The entire game is based around what cards you have availiable to your deck and the dealers deck, and you get more are you play the game to make more interesting sotries.10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,266510,17762842,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Zetsuji,Dark Souls: Casual edition.
,Recommended,266510,15440018,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Jimmy McAwesome,Roguelike deckbuilder with Arkham combat. Super great!
,Recommended,266510,16513824,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Thomas the Dank Engine,"This has been on my wishlist for a while, and am finally glad it has gone on sale, in fact, the cheapest it has ever been,Hand of Fate is a game for those who enjoy standard RPG-like card games as well as Action Fantasy games. The combat is fun and is similar to that of Shadows of Mordor. Events that occur are depedent on a nice mixture of luck and skill. I defintely recommend this game."
,Recommended,266510,16540210,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Keidras,This game is already great but the DLC/Xpac adds some needed replayabilty. Highly recommended. Best played with a controller as the keyboard controls are functional but the brawling is much better with a controller.
76561198011977945,Recommended,266510,17095400,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Shwa32,an unexpected adventure around every turn. keep up the great work devs
,Recommended,266510,17755536,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Thunder571,"Amazing concept. It's fresh and interesting without going to far from it's base content which makes it easy to understand, and easy to pick up. I've only spent about 12 hours so far, but even while I'm college I WILL find time to play more. If you're on the fence about this game, then get off of it and start enjoying it."
76561197977063863,Recommended,266510,17120698,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,WT,"I dont review games. But when I do, they are GOOD games.Sidenote to dev's: GIVE MORE UPDATES, kthnxbai"
,Recommended,266510,21628053,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,AndQuester,Pros :-Actualy fun to play.-Replayability.-Keyboard + Mouse Or Controller.Cons :-Fighthing style still feels unrefined.-Some minors interface bug (especially if you use keyboard and mouse).-Prepare for loses by RNG.-No setting to skip starting animations everytime you enter shops/combats will be a constant annoyance as you keep playing.Buy or Not : BUY.
76561198180372735,Recommended,266510,20388973,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Venonmos,Absolutley love it.  Highly recommend!
,Recommended,266510,20940746,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Joyless Prole,its good
76561198001192813,Recommended,266510,18483252,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,McFly,"Hand of Fate is  a strangely addicting mix of dungeon crawler, rpg and card collecting games. The game plays like a Roguelike with all encounters and items being randomly placed while the combat is reminiscent of simpler RPG games with a plethora of weapons, items and spells to combat your enemies. You can only encounter about 10% of the cards at first while you play to earn more, both increasing your chance at good loot on your next journey AND often making the game harder by adding more special encounters.In short,GOOD:- Combat can be pretty hard at the start, but feels very good to get better at.- Nice variation of monsters, bosses and other enemies. You can't have an RPG without cool enemies!- The Dealer is an interesting character and serves to make the game feel really alive.- Feels great with a 360 controller- Graphics and loading times are pretty good although it doesn't seem very optimised, which could result in framrate loss depending on your computer.- Enough originality to make you want to unlock more and more cards to see what more the game has to offer.- Addictive and can be played in short bursts AND long runs depending on how you like to play.- The studio guarantees more content for this game, so that means lot's of more stuff to explore in the future.NOT SO GOOD:- You miss half your combat moves at the start of the game, you can't even block. It feels good to unlock more stuff, but I remember really hating the first part of the game where I could only dodge all the time. This can make you put the game down before you even really start.- As it's basically a Dungeon Crawler the randomness factor can really mess you up sometimes. I guarantee you that you will have a run going great only to be ruined by an encounter card you couldn't possibly beat with your current equipment/health/whatever.- The Succes-Failure card system. On MANY encounters you're supposed to watch how he shuffles to choose the correct card, but it's basically impossible 80% of the time either because of shuffle speed is way too fast or because all the cards are layered over each other in a way you can't follow them. Feel a little too unfair.- Story mode might just be a bit too unfair, with luck kinda winning the game for you. Don't expect to kill the King of Scales without any stunning weapons. If the game doesn't give you any even after succesfully completing all encounters, then you're simply boned and ahve to start all over again.- No in-depth options to try and optimise some of the graphic problems this game has.Randomness aside the game actually has a pretty intruiging overarching story and the Dealer is a well-acted, expressive and likable character that gives the game most of it's tone. All in all I'm quite happy about my purchase. I'm sincerely hoping for some more content in the future which could hopefully also fix some of the more broken problems with the game.NEVERMIND DISREGARD ALL THAT YOU JUST GOT A +40 CURSE CARD INSTADIE ENJOY THE GAME.^^ the reason why I quit playing ^^"
76561197971411710,Recommended,266510,21214805,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Inconmon,"Clever game. Highly suggest acquiring and playing it.It's difficult to describe -- you follow the game as if you'd be playing a tabletop RPG using cards for encounters, while the fights are classic 3rd person view battles in 3D. It includes inventory management (scaling your character) and resource management (health, food, gold). There some cards which represent skill check - pick one of four face-down cards to see the outcome (success or fail) -- it may appear like luck, but you can actually trace the cards while they are being shuffled.Also manages to do a decent amount of story telling in this odd format.9/10 would draw again"
76561197976760807,Recommended,266510,21189869,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Glenlivet,"Saw this game reviewed in a gamer mag and it won an award for best Australian offering.  Thought I'd best support it, so picked the game up the other week.  It's a hell of a lot of fun and I love the chance aspect when rolling for success or failure.  It's final, like Darkest Dungeon final, so you ain't saving the game and reloading.  I recommend it if you're into card games!"
,Recommended,266510,21076796,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,🔪,"I got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by the Dealer on the last stage of the gameThis game is, after all, calledHand of Fate, what did I expect?"
76561197996787144,Recommended,266510,22573091,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,andyk_,"Really charming, and decent amount of play time.  It's on my replay list for sure."
,Recommended,266510,21626532,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Wida,"Great game.It is challenging, but not too much.Can be replayed over and over again. Just the bosses stay the same.My only problem is controlling the players direction with my ham fists on a keyboard.Go ahead. Buy it."
76561198057904324,Recommended,266510,28481355,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ainz Ooal Gown,Love this game its fun to play easy to figure out and you can simply jump on play a bit and then comne back to it later.
,Recommended,266510,17786092,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Tynon_2112,"Aw yeah son! If you don't buy this while it's 50% off... well... go home, you're drunk and/or just bad.HESITANT recommendation; Edit at endYou're sitting across from a man with the facial features of an aged Arabian belly-dancer but with the voice of a sophisticated Atheist.He do fancy floating card tricks. You do choice, luck and basic Arkham-esque combat.He do menacing. You do persevering.The Cabinet - the resting place (either dead or in-wait) of Dealer's lieutenants (as it were) - is pretty sizeable with 12 steps towards besting him.You have Gold, which you can use to buy new Equipment (should you luck out and land on a Merchant) and Food, which you expend one of with every move - heal yourself for a certain amount with each meal.The random encounters range from a disgruntled wife who needs you to fetch her drunk husband, to a priest asking for charity, to a wounded soldier asking for aid in hunting down his assailants, to an arena with multiple stages, to a devil you can gamble with, to goblins who attempt to steal your loot, to a trap-filled labyrinth... my ""Deck Progress"" bar isn't a third of the way filled.The combat is very simple but also quite satisfying; though it mimicks the Batman games, it isn't quite as refined or fast-paced. On controller: X to attack, A to dodge-roll, B to stun (shield-bash), Y to parry (only with a shield) - LB for weapon ability, RB for Artefact.Your priority is always to get a shield. I had good luck consecutively in obtaining one from the goblin dressed as a man (""Mister Lionel""?); ask him what he wants: Why to help you my boy! Here's a shield!Once you have a shield, you will get the... iconic (and epic and emotional and cinematic and *buzz-word*) prompts above your head when an attack is about to connect. Best not to button-mash, though HoF is much more flexible in this regard than Arkham is.The majority of the game is in playing across from the Dealer; the combat sequences never last as long as they should.My hope for the game:More extra Cards (read ""Decks"") added to the game than I could hope to go through.A mode released later down the line that would allow more of a focus on the third-person action. Maybe not a full campaign, but just the most basic of stringing together the different arenas, with the ability to use any equipment you've previously unlocked, to versus any creature you've previously fought: The most extended Training mode / wave-based survival thing ever... *faints from awesomeness*The Dealer could be giving voice-overs every now and then, either playing the role of Dungeon Master (more... impactfully(?)) or giving exposition on his past (if it's not further explained later in the game)... so... I guess, yeah, another campaign...Regarding the game as is, the only faults I have:The highlighted card isn't always the next face-down one; is the one you just left more often than I'd like. Of course, rage needs to be accounted for in a game ("")so based on luck(""); in such moments, I'll just spam A to get to the next card, only to exacerbate my anger by inadvertently wasting one (actually two) Food.The Succeed or Fail challenges; four or five cards shown you, turned face-down, shuffled into one deck (one or two times) in such a way that you can hardly discern. It can easily be argued that we're given a better chance at picking a good card than would be given us IRL, but, with the way this mechanic is presented, I was hoping for more of a ""Find the ball in one of these cups,"" something feasibly able to be beaten (as the Dealer admits that he ("")doesn't cheat("")).There is an Endless Mode in which you have a better chance of unlocking more cards to put into your decks for the Campaings. Upon selecting your target (one of those twelve lieutenants), you can then build your deck. New cards have unknown effects until drawn in the game, so you've several playthroughs ahead of you, aimed at simply identifying all the cards, for to build the best deck for your golden runs.I absolutely recommend this game and have little doubt it's worth full price. My one bit of hesitation (as applied to all games that aren't open-world sandboxes (i.e. Just Cause 2)) is in how much repetition there is in the text events, in the limited pool of cards and arenas.EDIT: With (I assume) the game being completely finished (since the sequel is soon to drop), I must say that my absolute recommendation is strained now. SO many of the new cards are extremely archaic in the how you must go about besting them. When I wrote this review, the game was much more reliant on skill, though of course luck(/your perception) was almost as big a part; now, without the aid of walkthroughs, the task of completely beating the game is a ridiculously daunting task. One example of this is when you get lost in the desert and must pick from the four cardinal directions at least four seperate times, in the hope of finding what you're after. Another card actually necessitates that you Fail the first check and Succeed the second. At least five cards seem to be designed solely with the Iron Hunger player character in mind, going so far as to have no (good) effect on ANY other player character that lands on those cards. I still have so much love for the game but there is no denying that the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t present herein is something to beware of. I don't really enjoy my time while playing any more but am compelled to - progress is a stupid grind, strategy is up to fate, even if you are able to keep up with the shuffles and pick the ""right"" card each time, there is no telling if that will actually be correct according to the devs apparent ""♥♥♥♥-you-lol"" mentality (it would be fun, if the game wasn't such a chore to play in situations where you are doing well and two bad hands can kill you) and so much of the game actually plays itself. Without the third-person combat which many seem to dislike, I argue the game would have little substance."
,Recommended,266510,31544994,Posted: 4 May,all,SebGotRekt,Didn't expect to like this game as much as I do. Definitely worth the purchase and I'm awaiting the sequel.
,Recommended,266510,31721593,Posted: 13 May,all,Brenzo,Very good gameplay and fun to play
,Recommended,266510,16630740,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Trip Fisk,"tl;dr: good game, but expensive. 8/10I have to give Hand of Fate credit. The presentation and style, as minimal as it is, is impressive. The game itself offers a unique and potentially engaging experience. The mysterious dealer sets the perfect mood with his appearance and narration. The only problem is HoF is one of those style over substance sorts of games. The flow of the game is entirely determined through cards as they're flipped over, and its this.... hand... that determines your fate. (eh? eh? that's the pun in the game's title)Most of the time the game itself never goes beyond making a choice based on the card flipped and then selecting a shuffled card to determine if your action is successful or not. This in of itself isn't bad, but if you're looking for an action-y graphically intense RPG experience with deep lore, you won't find it here.Infrequently, there are action-y bits. Usually in the form of a fight. Sometimes as an obstacle course. They're good place holders and don't do anything particularly wrong, but the AI is typically predictable and easy to overcome if you're a well seasoned gamer even on the harder mode. The action areas are also cramped looking and claustrophobic feeling.Playing off its card based mechanics, the more you play and beat the game, the more and different cards you unlock, and the longer the new games you start become. Longer games translate into higher difficulty. This is one of those games where moves are a resource represented as food. Running out of food typically means you lose HP until you die and starving is typically how you fail in Hand of Fate.Hand of Fate does come together very well though. It works as a game and, most importantly, is enjoyable and fun. The only major complaint I have is there isn't enough content or variety to justify the $25 price IMHO."
76561198006581184,Recommended,266510,17247241,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Sangromancer,"""You play the hand you are dealt""A brilliantly creative indie game where you play against a card dealer fighting through encounters with equipment all in the form of cards. The game mechanics themselves are simple but solid but serve mainly as a vessle for its better elements, the lore and style. The thermatics of this game are expertly managed, often with slippets of lore being dropped by your nemisis the superbly voiced and acted ""dealer"", an enigmatic and charismatic foe. One of the problems worth mentioning is that the random elements can sometimes kill a player too easily especially at the early levels (where a large enemy type in a small stage often means certain demise). But as a whole the games merits far outweigh its faults."
76561198063462707,Recommended,266510,11575772,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Lucavi88,"First I must say i didn't finish the game yet, i'm about half way into the game, with this said i think it's a great game so far, with a great idea, the queen of dust needs serious nerfing in close quarters she's impossible to deal with, you have to dodge her attcks and run around constantly just to avoid the balista, just so you can land one attack and start the dance again, i feel the cards are a little unbalanced still, its more easy to lose then to win, or you gain only one piece of equipment but lose 50 hp in the process, i understand that luck plays a big part in the game, but i feel there is more bad luck then good at the moment, the Angry mob card seems to be bugged still i tried everything but i still cant get the coin, maybe i'm doing something wrong, none the less i like the game so far can't wait for the full realese."
,Recommended,266510,11579069,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,CrazyCalvin,After I played this game for 10 minutes i was already hooked! This game is so much fun. It's a card game/ dungeon adventure in which your goal is to find and defeat the boss in combat that is kinda like the batman series.you travel through a randomly generated dungeon which is made with your current deck.I've played the same level tons just because every time you play the game it is a different but all the same brilliant experience.The price right now may seem but a bit much but it is WELL worth it. I HIGHLY recommend you buy the game and support the game to help improve it. While the game is still in early access it is already worth the money!
76561197991986059,Recommended,266510,11577955,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Shaquille O'Wheel,"This game is absolutely fantastic and very unique.  Buy it.Unlocking cards is great fun, and building a deck based on your playstyle and seeing it put to action is even more fun.It's still early access, but the devs recently updated it and plan on releasing a large update every month and smaller fixes in the interim."
,Recommended,266510,11599251,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Ozzy`s,So far nice game keep up the good work!
76561197992807330,Recommended,266510,11417882,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,olvschmidt777,"Incredible game, really unique and fun, has that ""just one more factor"" going for it! I really hope that the devs add more cards and scenarios, enemies etc., could see this having a lot of expansions to give it even more variety. Well done! Can't wait to see where they take it!"
,Recommended,266510,16569395,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,|v£|Frozen DDD,"I can only agree with the many that this game has certain charm. The cards makes the game and while the combat isn't the best, and it might have served them better not to attempt something similar to the Batman Arkham games, it does fulfill its purpose.So yea, feeling on edge when the dice is rolled and trying to get through a scene makes it feel like a splendid mix of roleplaying, cards and a videogame.So join the fun and buy the game.If the pictures and reviews have caught your interest, I highly doubt you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,266510,21627635,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Palehorse864,"So, I bought this game while it was on a holiday sale. I had never heard of it, but I thought, ""It's cheap, it looks neat, I'll give it a chance.""  Well, my mistake was not noticing the DLC while it was on sale. A week or two later, I completed the game and am still unlocking cards. Wait, why can't I use the DLC content? OH, I didn't know that existed.Oh well, this game is worth it. I'll pay the full price for the DLC. Done, now I'm going to try the DLC stuff.Two days later, (I.E. Today), guess what happens. Oh look, It went on special again, and so did the DLC, whoops!Still, I have no regrets. This game was worth it, and the DLC was worth it at full price. I beat this game and am still going back to unlock and discover new encounters I haven't experienced."
,Recommended,266510,21644421,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Blcwo,Absoultely enjoyed playing this game.
,Recommended,266510,24007798,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,expert on that topic,Addicting♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031738462,Recommended,266510,31434455,Posted: 29 April,all,Arallaw,This is a casual and very short game so my experience about the game is mixed: It's nice for casual gaming but it lacks of deepness and variety even with an expansion. Still it was a quite refreshing card game experience.
,Recommended,266510,16739200,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Semag | FR,Perfect.
,Recommended,266510,14652970,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,I'm A Cripple,"Why study, work, or get married when you can play this for the rest of your life?"
76561198061211050,Recommended,266510,14605513,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,KLARP,"It balances the random and not-so-random pretty well, making it a game that definitely favors the lucky, while still giving us unlucky folks a chance.  Enough of one, anyway."
,Recommended,266510,14539313,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,귀여운 물개새끼,"Okay, so this game is REALLY unique and cool. You play as a recently-deceased man who has passed onto the afterlife, and is reliving broken memories of his life in the form of a card game, played against a mysterious hooded figure known only as ""The Dealer."" The game's cards correspond to various memories of the man's life; trials he may have endured, enemies he may have faced, and the items and powers he may have wielded to vanquish his foes. Don't be fooled, though; this is definitely NOT a card game. It is more like a text-based choose-your-own-story adventure game, interspersed with hack-'n-slash combat encounters. The cards you possess on the table manifest themselves as equipment and abilities in the combat portions of the game, which are crucial to being able to take on the enemies you will face.The combat encounters will seem very familiar to anyone who has played the Assassin's Creed or Witcher games. The flow of combat follows the same attack/dodge/counter system that players will recongize from those titles. The real brilliance of the game comes from the sheer replayability. You're dead, after all, so the Dealer is perfectly content to sit at the table and play cards with you for the rest of eternity, and once you get the hang of the game, you might be, too. Matches take the form of multi-level dungeons, the floorplans of which are laid out face-down on the table, using a mixture of cards chosen by you, and by the Dealer. As you win matches, the dungeons become longer, harder, and more complex, but always different. Winning matches will earn you new cards, which equate to new weapons and armor, stronger powers, and even persistent quest-lines that you can explore or replay over the course of multiple matches. As you become more skilled, though, the Dealer will become increasingly frustrated with your success, and throw even harder obstacles in your way. Despite there being only one fully voiced character in the game, the Dealer's voice acting, model, and animations are rich and full of character, and you may even find yourself reveling in your rivalry as much as he does. Overall, this game is a solidly designed, well-polished, and unique experience that any mortal would be pleased to devote the rest of eternity to."
,Recommended,266510,14583906,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,TurtleNadz,"This game is an extremely unique card game. The graphics are really nice and I've only came across a few bugs since I've been playing it, there are quite a few bosses and even once you beat the game you're able to play endless mode where you just keep going on dungeon after dungeon until you can't open your eyes any longer, lol. It's got hours of fun just ready to being played. If you have the spare cash, this game is most definitely worth the buy."
,Recommended,266510,14751509,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Santori Papadello,"Amazing game, huge replayability and great setting"
76561198067851126,Recommended,266510,12756582,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dread Baron Beardly,"Surprising gem. A really original game that is loads of fun to play. They combination of boardgame, choose your own adventure, and hack and slash is geat! I look forward to playing this one more for quite a while."
,Recommended,266510,32887597,Posted: 27 June,all,Petonge,if you like rpg and gambling this is the game for you
,Recommended,266510,17760705,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Mitch,"Hand of Fate is perfect for fans of card games, deck-building, and role-playing games.   Questlines are randomly generated from a mix of cards owned by both you and the dealer.  Playing through the game rewards you with more cards to add into your decks.  While in a quest, you need to manage your health, money, and food.  You will encounter enemies, allies, and obstacles in your quests and they're always presented to you with choices similar to FTL: Faster than Light.There's also an element of chance that goes along with your decisions.  An example could be that you're walking along a cliff, and you see a sword at the bottom among some bones.  Do you go on your way or try and climb down? If you try to climb down, you then have to watch four cards, with varying degrees of success or failure on them, be shuffled on-screen.  You pick your card and either get injured on your climb down, or succeed and get the sword (which you can then use in combat).  Combat encounters throw you into a room with enemies and the game turns into a simple version of the Arkham Batman games. The fighting is very similar with it's use of blocking, countering, and combos.As of the writing of this review, the game is currently 50% off! It's still worth the purchase at full-price though."
76561197983225082,Recommended,266510,16688596,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,baddog993,"I first became aware of this game on WFT is Hand of fate. I loved the art style and the Batman like fighting style. Some people dont really care for the Batman style. Basically its one button to punch and one to block one button to stun and one other button to dogdge. I enjoy this because its easy to understand and easy to pick up on and it looks really good for the most part. The game has a deck of cards and you have a piece that you move around the cards. Differents cards have different stuff inside of them.So for instance a card could contain a weapon of some sort after going down a ravine. The game is very well written and the guy who is the dungeon master looks and sounds great. So for fighting its sometimes one card and sometimes its 2 card with enemies. Sometimes its a boss plus more enemies. However fear not because the game gives you power ups.Via armor and weapons. Some have fire and some have stuns. Also you can get poisin for weapons or stuns or sometimes you can get the knife card that flies in 8 different directions. GOod stuff. I really like the graphics of this game even the fight scene are enjoyable. Watching that slow motion final death blow to an enemy always makes me smile. Even more so if its a boss that  I kill.You can also re arrange the deck or have the computer do it for you. If your wondering how to change the gameplay like I was. Go into the deck building part and click on the middle card and here you can select different cards that can change the game rules its also comes in handy for the dlc. I am playing the monk card right now.So graphics are very sharp looking, sounds are good. My complaints about the game are few. Sometimes you can get a lousy hand and either die because of bad drops or no food. I am halfway done with the game so it seems like it might be a tad short. Maybe around 12 or 15 hours long? Perhaps less it does have an endless mode.Some on the forum have complained of the game being too dark after they switched to the newer unity engine. I have not had this issue and they did roll back the changes but some are still having issues. The fix right now is windowed mode.My only other nit pick is sometimes the traps are a real pain. You fight in rooms and some are small and some are big and loaded with traps. It does hurt the bad guys as well however. So thats fair. I am having a good time with the game and I really enjoy it. One more thing the developers seem to be very active on the forums and seem to care so thats a very good thing.A fun and unique game. Most games  last around 10minutes up to 20 minutes or perhaps a little longer. Not super long. Buy it and you can thank me later."
76561198052666942,Recommended,266510,31901010,Posted: 22 May,all,DUKEOFBIOHAZZARD,"Great game, feel like more people should give it a chance."
76561198013945106,Recommended,266510,27835951,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mitola,This is a hidden gem of a game! Not overly difficult and plenty of replay value.It doesn't hurt that the Dealer's voice and dialogue are pretty amazing and comments on most of the choices you make throughout the game.
,Recommended,266510,28057939,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Civver,"Card game/ Hack&Slash crossover with a unique presentation. Great atmosphere, perfect for those long nights. The combat is relatively short and simple, easy to pick up on. If the enemies won't kill you, the cards themselves will. Clever RNG makes for a high replay value."
76561198050877956,Recommended,266510,28256353,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Lunitari,Simple and fun love this game every game is different cant wait for Hand of Fate 2
,Recommended,266510,28355593,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Child of Wonderland,"something for everyone: a rogue, a deck building game, good narrative, etc. no matter how casual you are about any of these elements, it's a small enough elemenst for the others to hold you over, and no matter how hardcore you are about them, there is enough of it to hold you over."
,Recommended,266510,29714135,Posted: 5 February,all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"A really fun rogue like card game/mini game hack and slash I dont know, but you do have fun!"
76561198023133803,Recommended,266510,14854659,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Gir Fan,FTL and Fable Had a babby.  If you like both this game is for you.
,Recommended,266510,21436759,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Cohen The Barbarian,"An original and wonderfully constructed rogue-like/card gamePros:+Original concept+Rogue-like mechanics are working great, each session gives you something new+Soundtrack is cool+Proves even Unity engine can deliver something good when its used right+Art style and the atmosphere created by the host/card dealerCons:-It needs more stuff (a new DLC or Hand of Fate 2 maybe?)Final verdict: 9/10  Great joy."
76561198332070155,Recommended,266510,34486570,Posted: 25 August,all,Gui,"Very unique game, with a nice balance between difficulty and randomness. The Fantasy atmoshpere is great, and a certain replay value for the achievement hunters.The duration of a run seems to be 20-30h. I am at a little more than half of the game.Only issue I found is the camera being sometimes not optimal during fights, and those fights tend to be somehow repetitive although compensated by their short duration and overall nervousness.Totally recommended if you like what you see in the store !"
,Not Recommended,266510,31975716,Posted: 26 May,all,LEGACY,"10 hours, then it got frustrating and annoying.I did have some fun with it in the beginning. The game has some unique features, the deck building and the way cards are used to generate the next dungeon to go through are interesting ideas.It just didn't stay fun for long. I haven't finished the game, and I never will.I got pretty far, but got frustrated by the RNG and, what felt to me, unfair gameplay.But you could say that's exactly what this game is all about, that it's the roguelike gameplay, and that's fine.Either way, I regret buying this game. The RPG element in this game is minor, not big enough for my taste.I've watched other players stream and beat the game, that's good enough for me.I btw enjoyed watching others play this game more than playing it myself.I can't recommend this game, but please do understand that it's mainly because it's not my type of game.Some may indeed enjoy the struggle and frustration. But not me.Before you buy it, make sure you know exactly what roguelike gameplay really is.I didn't know 100% before playing this game, now I do."
76561198091229474,Recommended,266510,11177089,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,piercings76,This game is a great combination of table top and action and sort of RPGish.  Build your deck and change it till the end.  One word of advice if you get to the end don't beat the final card or you'll have to reset to nothing.  That's the only thing bad I have to say about this game.
,Recommended,266510,14784442,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Tarn,"One of the best games I have played in a long time.  Hell, one of the best games I've ever played.  I was instantly hooked and knew I had to play it after only watching a couple minutes of someone else.  It is so rare to have a game be so punishing yet so rewarding and fun at the same time.  Laughing all the while filled with rage at how you got screwed over is a beautiful thing.  It makes every step towards victory all the more sweet!"
76561198055185897,Not Recommended,266510,31379022,Posted: 26 April,all,Kataklismik,"Game is great except for the combat, and the combat is REALLY bad. The clunky, disjointed combat feels like it belongs in another game. If it had a turn-based or CCG mechanic for combat this game would be amazingly fun."
,Recommended,266510,26052932,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Treant,Gem of a game
76561198016733996,Recommended,266510,14529415,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ToMeK,This game is Brilliant and worth every cent.Haven't enjoyed a game as much as this one in a long time. The people that made this game have hit all the right buttons by me. I think all other games are gonna go on hold for this one.My only regret will be when I finish it because so far the only thing I don't like about this game is that the story will end eventually... :)
76561198030529849,Recommended,266510,20103850,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ray,Get-♥♥♥♥ed-in-the♥♥♥♥♥by-RNG Simulator
,Recommended,266510,19041998,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Trothael,Surprisingly fun
,Recommended,266510,19376151,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Moridin63,"Great game, definitely worth picking up."
76561198013027885,Recommended,266510,14524572,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,JayPi,It's like Yu-gi-oh on Crack.10/10
76561198091495444,Recommended,266510,18752160,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,CrEScenT,Original take on the adventure/rpg genre.
,Recommended,266510,19169417,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,woah,Manages to be hard without frustrating.Narrator that insults every decision that you make.Deck-Building.Different every time.Breaks fourth wall.10/10
76561197962216553,Recommended,266510,19689106,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Delta-Bravo,This game is Fan-Tasic!
,Recommended,266510,19901733,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Hillbilly_Dave,Really fun mix of text adventure and card game with Batman Arkham City style combat.
,Recommended,266510,19273561,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Window Licker,"I'm not going to kid you, this game is unbeleivably difficult torwards the end. But once you finish it it is overwhelmingly satisfactory. Definetly worht the money and an all round good game"
,Recommended,266510,27921223,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,perfeck,videogame
,Recommended,266510,21249625,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,C-137,Hand Of Fate is a wonderful mix of deck-building and action*Recommend it on Sale because it's overpriced
76561197992692496,Recommended,266510,23847113,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sgt.OddBall,Consider the sale as a golden oportunity to grab a fantastic Card/deck building game title that shames all others imho.COME on who would'nt want to play a card then actually battle when played with the card you set out?This game is a GEM .
76561198034815812,Recommended,266510,14599954,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,dawkins512,"Strategy, combat skills, patience, brashness and all the luck you can muster are required. Infuriating, exhilarating, super-fun and highly addictive. You've been warned :)"
,Recommended,266510,14592023,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Super Pirate the LAST-GINEER,"I'm going to begin by saying that this review was written after playing the first level beyond the tutorial, so I might not have a full handle of the games nuances.First and foremost, this is a deck-building game. The cards are not just a creative way to stylize the game, they are the source of your equipment and your challenges. Before each level you assemble two sets of cards. Your equipment deck, and your encounter deck. Now, you don't start with any of these cards, these are the cards that are going to be on the board for you to gather or miss depending on chance. The Equipment is your assortment of weapons, armor, and special abilities. And the Encounter deck is your encounters in the level (duh), of scaling severity. From the farmer, to the goblins, to the hall of traps, to the ambush. While these can hurt you, they can just as easily reward you. At the end of the hall of traps, is treasure. At the end of the ambush, loot. This brings us to the core gameplayAfter building your decks, you begin the game, where cards are shuffled and laid face down on the table in random assortment. This acts like a board to a tabletop game, where you can only move one space (or card) at a time, and each card is an encounter. And just because you built an encounter deck doesnt mean that's all you'll face, The Dealer (or Game Master) peppers his own cards in there as well. The encounters for me so far have either been text blocks with multiple choice answers, or action phases where you navigate hazards or fight enemies.The combat reminds me of the Batman: Arkham series. While not reliant so heavily on combos, there is an assortment of enemy types and a dodge and counter system that is very similar, if not identical. Special abilites are earned through cards and do things like generate gold on hit or throw a fan of knives.After winning encounters and navigating the board, you make your way to the boss, which, after the battle, you collect the tokens you've earned up to that point. These work as booster packs for your deck, giving you random equipment and encounter cards, which can be used for the levels ahead. New cards however, remain somewhat of a mystery, because while you have the name of the card like say, Scavanger's Helm, you don't know exactly what it does until you aquire during a level. (probably something involving loot)Death is going to be common, but, much like the game Rogue Legacy, death isn't the end. It's a chance to do better next time, with the new cards you've earned from tokens during the round, and a new assortment of cards that might be more (or less) favorable to you.During the game, The Dealer will taunt you and will make comments on the cards you draw. It can really draw you into the game and give the immersion that you're really in a card duel with a (slightly overdramatic) snarky wizard, trying to beat him at (literally) his own game.Overall, This game has my complete approval. Being a very creative and well exicuted concept I would love to see more of it."
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,266510,32282571,Posted: 8 June,all,Buzzerker,"it's all about the cards , after every battle I wanted to check for treasure and gold but in this game you fight the battles manually but everything else is card based , text based , it reminds me of those old school pick your path adventure books. I liked them back in the day but I don't anymore. This game is too slow paced for me. I'm used to games like Torchlight 2, Witcher series 1,2 and 3, Diablo 3. This just wasn't my cup of tea. It might be for you if you like to mix your action with a card game and do a lot of reading."
76561198031251146,Recommended,266510,31697217,Posted: 12 May,all,IraqVet,Its such a ridiclous amazing game with so much replayiblty and for the price its fantastic.
76561198176700425,Recommended,266510,33672477,Posted: 20 July,all,Mephisto,"This game is a masterpiece and should not be missing in any library.Really the best Card / RPG game which is currently available on the market.I've been playing hundreds of rounds, and each one is different and unique, as the name indicates, Hand of Fate.The rounds can sometimes make you despair, but you're really happy when you finally get it. A real challenge..Get absolutely the Wildcard DLC. It does not cost much and lets the possibilities even more exploding.Good luck.. You will need it to beat the dealer ;)"
76561197965282243,Recommended,266510,17440791,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Hatch,"I got attached toHand of Fatepretty quick.  It's a real fun role-play card game.  Basically you're sitting across the table of a card dealer or dungeon master, however you see it.  He deals you cards and that determines what enemies you fight, where you fight and items you get.  You also gain loot by chance by flipping cards or winning fights.  Sometimes there's a character on a card and you can select answers when they speak.  Unlike other card games, when the level and enemies have been drawn you're character is warped into that world and you really fight them!  I've found that the controls are just like the Batman Arkham series when using Xbox controller.  The game is fun right from the start and easy to figure out.ProsCard game and battle adventure gameEasy to learnGame outcome depends on cards drawn and player choiceGraphicsControlsConsPretty difficult at the end.  Most of the game plays easy but the ending can be unfair.Lack of game info.  While the game is easy to learn I wish it had an info page to give a breakdown on what everything does to serve as a reminder.  Like what cards do what, the rules on food, buying and selling, etc.  You just have to pick up on it as you play."
76561198051997445,Recommended,266510,21388124,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,The Shrek Dango,"Its really good,  A bit short tho."
,Recommended,266510,34545171,Posted: 27 August,all,slavemaster,"Great mix of stong narrator-driven adventure with card style and action-RPG combat events. I can't really explain, how great this game is, but it is often on sales, so better check it yourself, price is really low for such a great experience."
,Recommended,266510,16576343,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Koko Sabre *Scruffy*,"Do you want to make your own dungeon? And then complete it? And then fail because you were meant to complete it this time? Well then ... welcome to the RNG heaven and hellHand of Fate is a mix of roguelike, dungeon-crawler and deckbuilding game. While you play, the dealer will narrate what is happening on the board and you will obey while you fight your way to the dealer.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay in Hand of Fate can be separated in several categories starting with the Deckbuilding ,Card unlocking, ""Dungeons"" , Items, Encounters/Enemies and Combat. Let's get it started.DeckbuildingDeckbuilding is the neatest of the features I liked in the game because as said it let you make your own Dungeon. While in Endless Mode you dont have deckbuilding because you use all unlocked cards , in Story you have to build your deck, matching the required number of cards for Encounters and Equipment. While you have complete freedom in your Equipment deck, in the Encounters one you will  see locked cards ( one of them is the end boss of the dungeon). Some of the locked cards can be removed by completing them but often leads to new locked cards.Card UnlockingCards are being unlocked by receiving card tokens. And you receive card tokens when you complete an encounter for first time. And you harvest the rewards at the end of the dungeon ... or after you die( its cool that you arent being punished for dying since a lot of card unlocks can end up terribly for you) . Different cards got different requirments to be completed and gest the best of RNG doesnt mean you will get the token. Once you get to the part where token breaks to reveal cards you will be welcomed with a neat animation. From the token you can get new equipment, encounter cards or gain cards. There are several ""quest"" chains that are worth doing. The newly obtained cards contain no information until you encounter them in-game so you can only guess what may happen.DungeonsOnce your deck is ready  the party starts. Dealer will setup the board with separating the different decks in piles and then he starts drawing encounter cards to form dungeon levels. Once everything is setuped you start hoping from card to card till you reach the end... your end or dungeon's end. During story every dungeon comes up with bonus ... curses which will improve your game experience(or make you rage) . Every dungeon in story mode ends up with a boss fight(if you find it before you die) that will unlocks new cards, including the next level. At the end you will unlock new cards(hopefully) and will be able to increase your deck variety. While in the dungeon you have to take care of your supplies: Gold and Food. Food is beiung used on every turn and heals you.Items/EquipmentOne of your deck is filled with equipment that you can use during your adventures, if you get lucky to find it. You have Weapons,Armored,Gloves,Helmets,Rings, Artifacts(skills) and Blesses/Curses. While you can hoard all the equipments, you can change your active items before fights so you have to be picky and hope for the best. You can have only 1 active item from each category apart from Rings and Blesses/Curses. Encounters can remove any kind of item without blessing/curses(unless its stated otherwise). There are a lot of different items with their own pros and cons.Encounters and EnemiesAh the Encounter Deck, no matter how many good encounters you put in it, there will be always some that will screw everything. There are different kind of Encounters, from straight fights to short text-based adventures. Almost every encounter comes with a lovely RNG that features cards and there are 2 kinds of RNG : Success/failure that are represented with Huge Success,Success,Failure and Huge Failure cards. The amount of cards you can pick is 4 but they depends on the encounter themselves but you always have at least 1 success/failure card and the amount of cards you have to pick from is 4 ; Enemies are also represented by cards . You have the 4 basic enemies Skulls(skeletons), Dust(bandits), Plague(rats) and Scales(Lizardmen) . Each of them got melee and range model which puts the enemy count to 8. While playing you can unlock additional enemies( I got so far Mages, Liches and Lava Golems) which put the enemy count up to 11 . And the Iceing on the cake is the boss cards. Once you beat the boss its being unlocked in the monster deck and with 12 bosses to unlock you put the enemy count up to 23. So enemy variety is quite big for this kind of Game.CombatLast but not least, the Combat. Combat is pretty straightforward. You have Melee attack, Weapon Skill,Artefact Skill, Counter, Stun and Dodge. So you can say that the combat is similiar to Batman or Kingdoms of Amalur but with lower budget. Enemies attack are slowed most of the time so you can react accordingly. If you have shield you can counter melee attacks or reflect projectiles but thats only if the prompt for attack glows green... if its red you better get the f* out of there.  There is a friendlyfire so you can use this to your advantage with good positioning so you can let enemies tank the range attacks. Now.. one thing that I noticed is often so long leaps when you counter enemies at distance or being stuck in animation with no time to react. My main issue with the combat is the camera. You cant rotate it so at times you have no idea what are you gonna face or where exactly the enemy is. Apart from that combat is fine.Story and NarrationStory is pretty simple : you are an adventurer who stumbled upon Dealer's home and you are invited for a game but you are free to leave whenever you want. In the said game you have to defeat the Dealer but before that you must defeat his strongest warriors(on every warrior's level you will meet new challenges so GL). Simple yet well presented thanks to the strong Narration. Voice actor did his job superb but there is still something more to be desired from the writing. Still even when Dealer repeats himself is often in the mood of the situation and there are just a view occassions when the line will not be fitting the situation.Difficulty/FatesNow this is more about the DLC ""Wildcards"" . Fates lets you change your playstyle. In base game you have 3 fates that serve as Easy/Normal/Hard difficulty in other games but if you have the DLC you get access to 9 more fates with different stats that affect your playstyle. It's a neat addition but there is still room for improvment.Endless ModeOnce you are done with the story, Endless mode seems best option to play it .. but I personally didnt like it since it kills Deckbuilding. In Endless Mode you play with all the unlocked cards you have and on every floor the Dealer gets stronger and stronger.OverallIts a neat roguelike with forgiving RNG and superb quest design and narration. Its good for short playsession and for people who like to unlock all cards."
,Recommended,266510,14533080,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,LugdunonTG,"Gameplay video & Thoughts below:http://youtu.be/haHtT2QYn6A?aSo far I'm loving every second of Hand Of Fate, the progression through each section is beautifully done with a great voice actor for the game master and animation of the board and cards. Each card changes you path for greater or for worse, offering you chances of possibly great loot but could also take items or health from you just as fast. The writing is great from the card text to the spoken word of the game master. Combat however while I love how you are summoned into a battle sequence from the cards the actual combat still feels a bit shaky. It's slow and doesn't feel as fast as I would expect. It works but it does still feel like it needs a bit more polish to make it feel more responsive. Ultimately a great game for building adventures feeling like a classic adventure book/card game. Love it!"
76561198026873914,Recommended,266510,21803547,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ghouleh,"Great concept, presentation and replayability - lukewarm combat.Hand of Fate's Combat almost-almost feels like a chore you have to go through in order to continue dealing cards and accessing stories and opportunities, but it is by no means bad, merely bland. The rest of the game, though - extremely solid. Great narration, fun card/boardgame feel, very good atmosphere. Not the sort of game that makes me want to binge on, but one that's always fun to go back and play another hand."
,Recommended,266510,19402344,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Erunámo,This game is simply amazing!!! I'm really addicted to it and enjoyed every minute.If you love card games i'm really sure you'll enjoy this game. The token system makes you put every new card you receive in your deck and always try to get new tokens and unlock new cards. The fighting system turns the game really exciting and remember the god of war system.
,Recommended,266510,18739257,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SSwitch,"Great fun, you'll be able to put in many hours with this game."
,Recommended,266510,19217570,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,NullSaint,"Consider this a sort of roguelike. While some people complain about the randomness, that is just silliness. Yes, the cards are laid down at ""random"" on the field, but how you play, which cards you choose (during the ""four-card monty"" choices) and how you handle the challenges is what will determine your success.It's a great, relaxing, fun game. Best game I""ve bought in a while."
76561198029275810,Recommended,266510,19351729,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Natalizumab,great game
76561198002526111,Recommended,266510,19797221,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Horrorscope CC97,Amazing and unique game. Imo a game you want in your library a one of a kind gem. Quality abound.
,Recommended,266510,19985270,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,cheesegod,"This game was in my Steam library. I have no idea how it got there. Maybe it was a hasty purchase during a sale, maybe it was from a humble bundle, maybe a friend gifted it to me. However it got in my library, I'm glad it did.This game is a hybrid roguelike and card game. It sounds like a weird combo, but it works well. Your path through the dungeon is randomly laid out cards on the board. When the card is flipped over, sometimes you'll have to battle a monster, figure your way through a short story or even play a mini game. Many cards have a requirement, once you meet that requirement you get a token that unlocks more cards for your deck. Each time you play, you add more and more options for future games.Some of the cards, however, rely on chance. I personally don't mind that but I know some people might find that offputting. The monster battles are in real time, which is cool. They're a bit on the easy side, however. Those are minor gripes, if you like roguelikes or TCGs or both you should check this game out."
,Recommended,266510,19996594,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Adhenedhel,"Really clever game design going on here. The combination of CCG and action-RPG works surprisingly well as you progress through the game and unlock more cards, increasing the depth of the encounters and events that can happen"
,Recommended,266510,20131418,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,LunaCalx,"This is a game that I had sitting on my wishlist since early acess. I was skeptical about purchasing it until the recent  Christmas Steam sale. Once I purchased this game I was greatly enthralled by this game.This game is wonderfully unique in its style and approach it is a ""build-your-own"" adventure game while still granting a level of unpredictability. However it isn't just a point and click esq. adventure game you partake in the adventure and are in complete control of your ""hero/adventurer"". The game is pleasant and there seems to be a story but, it is subtle and as you continue to dig it is slowly revealed by mysterious and cryptic host of the game. As seen so far this game scores well with me. I enjoy the ever changing adventure and it provides a subtable challenge on the more advance difficulty and does do well to ease you in and educate you on how the game works and the rules. Another great part is that nothing goes your way everytime and sometimes you just have to buckle down on it.However there are a couple of things which I feel could be improved upon. One of which is the ability to quickly and easily create a predictable pattern on every level set, but as the host of the game leads the story on it does somewhat mediate this issue.That is my only issue with the game but, even with that the replay-ability is very high and the sub-mission within the game itself it exciting and enjoyable. I would highly recomend for someone looking for and adventure game that is different and unique and has a story that is mysterious and engaging wanting you to continue and dig deeper."
76561198130909260,Recommended,266510,19952515,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Zman,Great Game haven't had any problems yet great and addicting game. The only thing that stops you from playing is your real life responsibilities. Worth every penny!!!!
76561197989614124,Recommended,266510,20167359,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SpartacusBLB,"One part Action RPG, One Part Board Game, excellent mix of fun!This Game keeps me coming back and I avidly await It's sequel"
,Recommended,266510,20234144,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,catwhowalksbyhimself,"This is a strange little game.  It incorporates elements of cards games, rpg games, and action style games and tries to wield them all together.  It shouldn't work, but somehow it does, creating something refreshingly different.The core of the games main story mode is that you pick a boss to go after (although you must beat each to go on to the next one) the assemble a deck of story cards and one of equipment.  The story cards are then mixed together with new cards by the mysterious Dealer and laid out to form a map.  As you move your character onto a story card, it flips over, usually resulting in a choose your own adventure style encounter, although there are also straight up combats and stores to discover.  Any equipment you find is usually drawn from your equipment deck, so what cards you put in that can be important as are what encounters you added into the mix. Some encounter cards come with tokens you can earn by achieving something during the encounter.WIn or lose, once your run is over, any tokens you've earned unlock new eqiupment and encounter cards.  It is no coincidence that some of the most useful cards are rewards for some of the most risky encounters, so going safe is not always good for the long run.Combat is handled with a battle system nearly identical to the Batman Arkham games.  If you enjoyed that system, you'll like this one.All in all a very unique game that is easy to pick up for a quick 30 minute run."
76561198046237106,Recommended,266510,20265841,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nova_Ka-Ru,Great game! very imaginative and fun. easy to get into.
,Recommended,266510,20617914,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Vyc Ðarkshådøw,"Bought this game early in 2015, and have really enjoyed it since. Currently have 50 hours into it (due to a lot of on-and-off gameplay), and still have quests to finish and things to unlock. Combat is simple (swing, counter, stun, and dodge), game of chance is fun (Four cards shown, then flipped and mixed up. Follow a card, if you can, and pick one.), and Endless mode keeps the game going after you've beaten the story mode, or even if you decide you don't like the story mode for someodd reason.Cannot recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,266510,19300874,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,killerbyte,"I got this game upon many recommendations from friends and collieages and so far, I am impressed with just how great a game it is. I now plan on spending quite a lot of time playing this game."
76561198011398590,Recommended,266510,19487928,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mountebank,"This game certainly makes you cry out ""That's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" often, but the good bits overshadow that significantly. A very solid 8/10"
,Recommended,266510,19726391,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,hundredfootfire,"Hands down, one of the finest examples of an indie developed game around.A perfect blend of rogue-lite randomization, addictive card collecting, and a sprinkle of 3rd person combat made for a throughly enjoyable experience. But good gameplay isn't the only factor for my love of this game. The the icing on the cake for me was the absolutely stellar development team. Regular updates/bug fixes, open feedback discussions, and a pile of free DLC made me adore the game even more. Hand of Fate II can't come soon enough.Bottom line: Great game; even greater developer. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,266510,19728281,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,THE BURRELLATER,"A card based rogue-like that delivers a unique adventure every time you play. Medium cost, with high replayability and enjoyment."
,Recommended,266510,19928864,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,♾☯,"9.5/10 (Only because player combat is a wee bit wonky)Other then that, this game is AMAZING.  Ive only played 2 hours or so but honestly, theres so much luck, skill, and storyline, i found it hard to stop at the end of a level.  The player controlled combat is really well defined to the point where its actual skill (further than the extent of earlygame where you spam mouse 1) and could use a touch up on how you teleport/slide to counter enemies but great integration of 3rd person combat into a deckbuilding rougelike.The decks you build are unique and you can partially decide your fate through random encounters.  You may start the game with the best weapon you shuffled into your weapon deck but next turn be held up by an angry mob that steals most your food, leaving you desperate to take any advance towards combat to earn gold to hopefully stumble across a shop to scrape by until you gather enough food to make it to the next shop, until fate decides you either run out of food and die, scrape by until the boss and have no weapon or skill advantage because youve spent no gold on gear, or by stroke of luck stumble into plentiful amounts of food. This game is tense sometimes and has seemingly infinite replayability due to custom deckbuilding and random level generation.9.5/10 - would rate 8/8 but m8, it's too l8 to h8 your f8"
76561197998275901,Recommended,266510,19950154,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,God Emperor Trump,"An outstanding game, surprisingly good. The innovative play and card dyanmic is refreshing. I enjoy it deeply. I highly recommend this game."
76561198049109969,Recommended,266510,20061465,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SleepingInRlyeh,"TL;DR - if you like D&D type dungeon crawlers and want something with replayability and a bit of charm, this is a good choice.I was unsure about this game for a while, but got it during the Winter Sale.  I'm sorry I waited as long as I did, becaause it's a great game.I'm probably going to repeat what others have said, but it's basically Dungeons & Dragons meets Rogue with cards in a deck used to generate the dungeons and encounters.The art is pretty good, and the story mode, which I'm currently about 3/4 of the way through, isn't a novel when it comes to the story line, but good enough to capture my imagination.  I've also played some Endless, and the game definitely has replay value.  The main character, who deals the cards, is animated fairly well, and his script is amusing and adds to the atmosphere.What I find interesting is besides the randomness your choices along the way affect the outcomes.  Maybe even more than the randomness.  And speaking of choices, you get to build the decks that will be put in play.  You build them from cards you have unlocked on previous adventures.The combat is 3D, and while not the most difficult I've ever played, is definitely adequate enough to give you a challenge and make you earn completion.I'm really happy with this purchase, and plan to buy the expansion pack before the sale is over.  I think it would also be really cool if they made a sci-fi game based on the same mechanics."
,Recommended,266510,20072685,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BROBQ,"I bought this on the Winter Sale 2015 for $9.99. This easily one of the most addicting, and fun games I've played. Every encounter being different, you're still able to forge your own journey your way. The game manages to make me use my imagination through it's unique story telling and for that I say it's a solid game.However, the one drawback with this game is that the combat seems very clunky and too easy. With a simple flick of ""Q"" I'm countering enemies like I'm playing Batman. Even with the seemingly robotic and ease that the combat is, I promise it's worth checking out.I give this game a solid 8.5/10"
,Recommended,266510,20080418,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Eloxy,"A really fun game to play. Offers lots of variation and every round is different. You can even tweak the deck to fit your likings and make it a unique experience every time. The game tends to put you in quite the difficult situations sometimes, where you have to decide if you go for gold, health or food, all of wich are important. I'd recommend it for everybody since it has a lot of feature wich make it so unique."
76561198052626055,Recommended,266510,20141610,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,WpgCyan,got it on sale and its awesome! alot of fun and lots to do. pleasantly surprised!
,Recommended,266510,20257909,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ThrashingLikeAManiac,"+ Great Cardgame+ Narrated by Robert Downey Jr. (Great Voice-acting)+ XBOX 360 controller support so you can chill out in your favorite chair+ Great stories- Sluggish combat, and getting stuck is not something you can afford in this game if RNG hates you.- Tying in to the above: sluggish movement (no or slow response time), can be critical when dying to the same trap over and over because of a bad camera angle change."
,Recommended,266510,20327926,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,sh0wman.,"Thoroughly recommend this game. I was pleasantly surprised by it and it's also addictive. It's a hybrid of a third person action game (for combat) and cards (for exploring and earning loot) and it's really casual and fun to play. Also it runs fine, smooth and has good graphics and audio.You'll not be disappointed with the purchase if you like these kind of games."
,Recommended,266510,19301611,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Quipperfist,£7.59 is a complete steal for this game. It's amazing.
,Recommended,266510,19308159,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,stoff,"Currently I am only a few hours into the game, but I am thoroughly impressed with it.It's has a great art style and atmosphere, and the ""deck master""'s commentary is great. Theres nothing quite like equiping a mace to use against undead, and he asks me condenscendingly ""Are you sure you want to do that?"". I love having one part of a 'quest' line one run, then getting that card to play in the future, it adds a sense of time passing.Great game, picked it up on sale and has been and will be well worth it.9/10"
76561198019269989,Recommended,266510,19326570,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mavinator5,"It's good; Very good. Not perfect, not without flaws, and certainly not worth 25$ (CND) for everyone, but if you like stratagy (to a degree), deck building and card counting, in addition to managing your life and reasources well, you'll enjoy it.It's certainly worth full price, but I'd personally wait until a sale where it falls under 20$ (CND)."
76561198044401561,Recommended,266510,19458810,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Snackson,"Picked up this game during a holiday sale and recently returned to play the (free!) updates.I really like the combination of procedural level exploration and hack n' slash combat encounters. Replayability is high due to different game modes which change the rules to match the ""flavor"" of your character. This is a game that I come play a round or two every week when I don't have time to sit down and power through hours of a typical RPG.8/10"
76561198098816099,Recommended,266510,19704290,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Inquisition,"Decided to buy the game after I read a ton of reviews.  Most talked about how easy the game was etc, etc.  For the first 75% is it not difficult at all. Some of the tokens require some luck of the draw to get but everything is definitely doable.The only difficult fight I found was the boss at the end but if you get a good trip to him with the right abilities you can beat him.  The heal is really needed.  However, it is pretty easy if you get the damage increase per curse as you have a lot of curses when you get there.  That makes him much easier.After reading reviews I was skeptical, but it was fun.  The graphcis are nothing to write home to mom about, but the play through was enjoyable.  I do not think I will play through it again, but I did enjoy it.If you catch this on sale, it is really worth a play through.  If you are looking for hack and slash or building up a character to just go one shot everything, this is not the game for you.  If you like a little strategy, luck of the dice, and some chance involved, this will keep you interested."
,Recommended,266510,19732106,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Nutter,"A narritively driven rougelike with turn based exploration and batman arkham style combat. Take risks and cheat lady luck as you go on an adventure that has an oddly new and yet familiar aspect to it. Are these new memories or perhaps old ones retreaded? Are they even your memories at all?Then, when your luck goes sour all combat takes place in real time using the simple arkham system. Loads of encounters, enemies and equipment. Equipment effects your stats and gives you passive bonuses while you can get activatable weapon skills and artefacts. Cureses and Blessings also effect gameplay in the combat and in the adventure. Plus, its got cards and deckbuilding elements too!Buy it full price, buy it on sale, buy the DLC, its all worth it. I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game."
76561198030916855,Recommended,266510,19751284,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Goblin Rabblemaster,"This game blends deckbuilding, exploration, and 3rd person combat perfectly. Tons of free content and constant post-release support. Holy balls this game gets hard. This game deserves a solid 9/10. ♥♥♥♥ the King of Scales."
76561197985449665,Recommended,266510,19817300,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Johannes 世破涅主,Amazingly good voice acting! It's worth buying just for that IMO. Incredibly well spent money is what I felt when I started playing.
76561198143008451,Recommended,266510,19954596,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Arkzzzz,"Hand of Fate is a very interesting game. It uses cards to convey almost all of it's gameplay and yet it manages to never get boring or repetetive about it. There is also a fairly simplistic combat system that is used during any combat enocounter when going through the game. This system is easily understandable without being blunt, and it suits the game well. A top feature in this game is that you have a say in how the dungeons you explore are generated, through a customizable ""Encounter"" deck. Overall this game is just a lot of fun and if it looks interesting to you, I'd say buy it, It's worth the price."
,Recommended,266510,20071503,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[TL] Kayk,"I fell inmediatly in love with this game, definitly worth your money in my opinion (I bought it at 60% off).Altough not every gamer will like this game, if you like deck building, hack n slash, push your risk, rogue lite games definitly check this one out."
76561198112948784,Recommended,266510,20081587,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,JustYaAverageJoe,"Great game, D and D in a game with cool stories"
76561198101843053,Recommended,266510,20851060,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ObsidianBeard ( . Y . ),"This game is super AWESOME and fun!And it gets increasingly better value for money as time goes on!How is that even possible? you may ask: well this already fleshed out fully immersive game, keeps having more content added into it every month or so:I stopped playing for a couple months, come back and start playing, die in a dungeon yet again and am rewarded by unlocking 2 new DLC that got added without my knowing, Fantastic!The narrator/dealer of the game makes it such an awesomly immersive experiance, each step has a chance to get further dialogue.GAMEPLAY:Before statring a run;You have 2 decks of cards you can change up with your unlocked cards: 1st your equipment, 2nd your exploration/encounters. The dealer adds further encounter cards based on the level, of which there are 12.3rd deck option if you paid for it (which is a must, so worth, so good): is picking a class/difficulty for you character, that can affect combat and exploration, including unlocking more encounter cards.Each run attempt you can select different things for those 3 options, and each attempt will unlock more cards for your main 2 mentioned decks.3 resorces that needs various degrees of management and affect you are; HEALTH, FOOD, GOLD.Exploration:the cards are aranged face down in a path, you move 1 card at a time, flippping it over and selecting options to get through it. could be a fight, merchant, chance, or choice based options.The results can be anything from many of these cards, most of them have a chance to unlock further cards for future attempts, if you select correctly/choose well. Through these is the main way of drawing from your equipment deck and affecting your 3 resorces.The whole time the dealer has awesome dialogue based on the cards and your options as well as banter, this makes the atmospher of the game awesome.Combat:Is fairly simple but fun and can be heavily affected by equpitment, blessings and curses you have got hold of during that run. You have attack, combo damage, block,counter, stun, dodge roll, weapon ability, artifact ability.This from an overall perspective is a very unique and fun game, plenty of loot and replayablity, and you gain more options even on failing a run, so your time never feels completely wasted.VERDICT:There's nothing about the game I dislike or feel is badly done, so a full recommendation from me :)"
,Recommended,266510,20887098,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ClintostheGreat,"For those of you who would rather watch my video review, here ya go:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zcdq-eYCgXEWhat this game did well was make a very replayable game with an interesting story that makes you want to keep replaying it. It does this through the side stories in the game. For a lot of cards, when you land on them they will give you a side quest that you can complete. If you do complete it then it will unlock another card that keeps driving this side story into multiple play throughs. This really helps in making the game not stagnate the more you play it, because it is constantly adding new cards for you to interact with and furthering the stories at the same time.On the subject of RNG, this game is not always fair because a lot of it comes down to RNG. Most of the time you can handle what the game throws at you, but sometimes you will have a game where literally nothing goes your way. If you do not enjoy games that have RNG elements like this, then you will probably not enjoy this game. However, I feel like for the most part the RNG is not that bad.The main problem that this game has is the combat. The combat is fairly simplistic, where you mainly just dodge and counter enemy attacks, similar to the Batman Arkham games, but less polished. Something about the combat just isn’t very satisfying. The enemies usually take a good bit of hits before they go down and when they do go down they don’t really have any kind of death animation, they just go full ragdoll which isn’t very gratify.But, this game is still very enjoyable to play and I recommend checking it out."
76561198129179856,Recommended,266510,20987331,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dr.Deadman,"The worst part about playing pen and paper rpgs is finding a group and the time to sit down and play.This game to me feels like one of those games, with the benefit of being playable at any time."
,Recommended,266510,20990219,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,『LITERALLY ME』,"Got it very recently on sale, this game is quite enjoyable so far.SoundAudio is great and the voice acting is on point(subtitles tend to lag sadly).Visuals.Pieces together the world wonderfully. Everything is communicated well so far. Not the worlds most amazing looking game, but it does what it does well.GameplayThe simplicity of combat is a bit sad but, as I am short played it could get more complicated. The interraction with everything is quite smooth. Left click yes, Right no, but you may also click the buttons displayed.I love the setting and banter from the ""Dungeon Master"", I would say it is worth a purchase, even more so with the sale price being a steal. Get the dlc as it adds some interesting alternate gameplay styles (similar to classes), and really adds some replayability outside of what is already there.Seriously, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,266510,21034082,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,voltzila,"Great mix of card building, adventuring, and hack/."
76561198009277051,Recommended,266510,20743430,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Thrym,"An excellent rendition of roleplaying in the video game genre. You play as an adventurer, playing for a game of his life against the Mysterious dealer who prepares his black deck against you. Drawn from events of your own life, you have to rekindle the past, fight old enemies, and survive.Tense, challenging, and very satisfying to earn new tokens. My only complaints are that eventually Endless mode simply becomes improbably fair, making it next to impossible in order to progress. However, that pales in comparison to the rest of this gem."
76561198018474955,Recommended,266510,20884924,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Grayson,"Excellent game with an incredibly interesting concept, and solid execution. Cards become your gear, encounters, everything, and many of them have tokens. By succeeding at that card's encounter, you get the token, which create new cards for future games. I'm playing the Story mode, and it's fantastic. I've progressively unlocked a bunch of different new stories that I'm encountering in future games.You choose your equipment and some of the encounter cards to build each match, and then the story setup you've selected adds cards. It's clever and works well.Most cards are choices rather than combat, with semi-random success, others are static choices that you can learn and rely on in future games. This creates a great mix of surprise and predictability.Combat is fairly basic but engaging - not the highlight of the game, but it doesn't hurt it either.Story mode (Guessing 6-8 hours playtime), endless-play mode, and then modifiers that change the way some things work."
76561198018435795,Recommended,266510,20886615,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hello Oblivion,10/10 2 hours of fun
,Recommended,266510,21025258,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,『Lyh Flare』 - FΛLLΞИ,"(Bought it on sale)And I wasn't dissapointed at any time I was playing this game.To explain what's going on; you're embarking an adventure (Layout cards) and move back and forth at the cost of your food. You will encounter various events and have to react to them, and often try your luck to pick a card (success or failure)When you come to the combat part you will be able to play your character (layout map) With whatever you have of cards of armor, weaponry, artifacts etc. you will be able to move around with wasd and slay the mighty opponents!Pros:Narrator doing an impressive job.A really great overall appearance of the game.Cards, they're balanced.Roguelike.You can struggle and actually still make it by an inch.Cons:Music - There IS music ingame, but I would have loved a different set.Combat can be a little boring.The full price.Overall a really great game with many hours of fun and trials of luck.But for the full price I'd say ""wait for a sale you madman!""This game deserves a big fat thumbs up as it ends with a ratio from me that's10/10"
,Recommended,266510,21015157,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MrCreamtastic™,"Never have i ever thought a card game would keep me coming back for more, Hand of fate is something that Doesnt all the way work on my computer, but hot damn is it awesome."
76561198040457997,Not Recommended,266510,21021757,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Keemossi,"Absolutely horrible console UI. The game mechanics are very nice, until you get to combat where your main opponent is the camera. Oh and the loading constant loading times between every combat, hell even when you enter a very small shop.The writing and art on cards is great though. It's just the slog between that's so annoying."
76561198262678463,Recommended,266510,20565214,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Nevarine,"Just 100%ed the game and it's dlc wildcards. I'll focus on the main game in this review. This game is well worth the price(although I got it during the winter sale). The replayablity is really high and there are tons of new cards to unlock everytime you play a stage or endless. The main game let's you select the boss for the stage and each one comes with seperate rules(in the form of curses) and encounters to make getting to each boss it's own challenge. You can make your own deck to suit your playstyle or to adapt to certain stages, the cards that make up the equipment and encounter deck are cards you unlock from bosses, tokens, and from the easy and hard mode fates(you also unlock new gain cards from tokens). Equipment explains it's self, but encounter cards make up the floors in the stages, so you are in charge of the events that occur on each floor, it's a really awesome feature of this game. There are three main ways to die, one is from combat, another is from failing chance cards that make you draw pain cards, and last is from starvation.The combat in the game isn't the best part, but it at least provides a good amount of challenge to the game, this is even more so if you're stuck in basic gear. Some negative things I could say about the game would be some chance cards are really hard to succeed at or survive(looking at you Petward ;c) and some of the most annoying encounters are locked in your deck and can ruin a playthrough. I'll briefly go over endless which is a mode where you select which fate you'll use and every card you unlocked will be in the mode(so no deck building), it's pretty much a mode where you need to survive as long as possible to get a highscore. Endless can be fun, but if you have encounters like Petward still up it could be all for naught. So I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes rogue-likes and action rpgs that have a twist to make it feel like a completely different experience. :)"
76561198104341003,Recommended,266510,20750236,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ctarl,"Well then, i managed to make it to the end boss and did not finished it yet but so far it is enough to rate this game. The so called ""RNG"" is not so real at least in story mode, i have not played the endless mode but i can pretty much guess that it is what is it going to base on. In story mode the curses are premade to make your game harder and harder and even on easy mode getting rekt is gonna happen. I am not so into card games in the end but this kind of play is rather innovating way to keep up a solo player interested for a while but i regret it a bit to pay so much for a game like this. Most huge thing is like many others said, voice of dealer, really good job in there and it gives the right mood to keep on going. 3/5 for being something new in genres and the voice acting gets the most out of it."
76561198050836783,Not Recommended,266510,15274723,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Mrromeijn,"I'll keep this short.Graphics are good, the story teller is great. Gameplay is not that bad.But there is one big, big problem.After a while it just gets boring. You have done every card twice and on other cards you can not progress to get new cards.For the first ten hours, you will have fun. After that... well you will have a whole lot less fun.Buy if you do not mind repitition that much. Because they are random encounters, but you will do all of them, a lot of times."
,Recommended,266510,14527641,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,catowar,"Ok, for 20$, this is a great game, and it honestly IS pretty fun. So Ill give it a thumbs up.here's the problem though, its TO FREAKING EASY, were talking fable, hit X to win easy. Everything besdies the combat is great, but I almost wish they picked some other way of ""battle"" like some kind of mini game or something.  So, if you are super casual and thought fable was hard, get this game. But please note that the only way you will ever ""lose"" is if you get bad RNG and starve to death or something"
,Not Recommended,266510,16586602,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Django Chained,"It's an OK game. Combat is reptitive, you only mash 3 buttons. No real strategy and it's just chop, counter, roll."
,Recommended,266510,33463196,Posted: 11 July,all,Radene,"Hand of Fate is a game made by an Defiant development, an Australian developer - fitting, because it's essentially a solitaire game that is out to murder you in your sleep.The concept itself is ingenious if simple - deckbuilding meets roguelike. Build your decks and take on them, resolve combat in third person, pray to RNGeesus to unlock more and better cards (or some really terrible ones), and push your way through a court of twisted suits - skulls/skeletons for hearts, plague/ratmen for diamonds, dust/bandits for clubs, and scales/lizardmen for spades. There's also a few unconventional suits that serve as miniboss (or even boss) encounters.The gameplay is simple as well. Your spunky adventurer piece moves space by space through a trail set by cards dealt from your encounter deck by the helpful Dealer. Some of them are resolved through simple multiple choices, some through a game of chance (but if you're paying attention you can often see where the card you want will be, or at least the one you really don't want), and some as mentioned through live combat; or of course a combination thereof.Add resource management into the mix, and the game gets more complex. Usually every move costs a unit of food, and as long as you have any of that you'll also heal damage slowly as you move; but run out of food and each move will bring you closer to the cold embrace of death. Naturally, you're going to have a speed date with the Reaper if you lose all your health, too. You acquire equipment and other bonuses through encounters, or through shops that are sparsely strewn through the paths of cards. That, of course, requires gold which is again acquired mostly through encounters.It starts off easy enough, a few quick and pleasant runs to give you a taste of the game, but the Dealer is a crafty fellow, and on every stage he adds a bit of his own nasty cards into the mix, the deeper you go, the worse they get. He might treat you as a worthy opponent, even in a cordial manner, but remember that he is not your friend.All in all, it's quite an addictive and replayable experience, despite the occasional rather frustrating chance fails or cheap shots from the Dealer. I do recommend anyone who has the patience to learn the game, and, if all else fails, fight cheese with cheese. Because turnabout is fair play and beating a game that abuses its mechanics against you by abusing its mechanics against it is quite rewading."
,Recommended,266510,12037784,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,King Kasai,Early access viability: Very promising
76561198040876522,Recommended,266510,18845975,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Witch ~,"Very original and extremlly well done game!It gets really addictive over time.I normally don't like RNG-based games, but this one is a must have, especially when you're into games that require both luck, brain and skill!"
,Recommended,266510,14564395,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,KllNGSLAYER,I have to say this game is really worth checking out. I feel like every time I play through a level I'm on an adventure of my own creation and depending on my love for the game of chance should I stand tall over corpses of my fallen enemies or shall I fall victim to the odds that quickly begin to stack against my favor.  One of the most unique games I've played in quite some time and I hope this picks up and quickly becomes a series instead of just a single game. You have my full support. Play this game.
76561198027827247,Recommended,266510,14587891,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Detlef Fleisher,"This game has good cards in it.The best part is when you get more cards.The cards move well.Really good cards.Just look at these cards, they're probably the best cards in videogame history."
,Not Recommended,266510,19941592,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Gonan,This game is ok if you are fine with insane difficulty curves and rng out the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,266510,14576381,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Feldon Cain,"A new concept and lots of inovative ideas. It gives the feeling of card game, board game, rpg/adventure. The voice acting is extremely good and you feel like you're actually playing against an actual person in a way.However the combat parts of this game either lacks enough work or should have been reworked into some other combatsystems.I liked it but remember to go watch some reviews on youtube before buying any game."
76561198009269801,Recommended,266510,14519527,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ocarina of Tim,"In two words: GET IT.It's a deck building, choose your own adventure, action game. The combat is fun, the game is always expanding, and it is thoroughly entertaining. This is the one early access game that I played consistantly and am most happy with.Just buy the darn thing."
76561197997032269,Recommended,266510,31252443,Posted: 20 April,all,The_Emperror,"TL;DR - There is absolutely nothing bad I can say about this game. It's a bit slow, but it fits the game. There's a lot of reading, but it fits the game - it's a ""choose your own adventure"" type game. It's amazing. Strongly, very strongly recommended.Positives:1. Atmosphere. It's really well made. It's consistent with it's themes and atmosphere, the ambient noises, dark visuals, hand drawn beautiful cards, etc etc.2. Presentation. Amazing. The way your avatar appears on the battlefield from a card, the way each item appears from the cards... The way randomness is made - you pick a card from a shuffled deck. Great ideas, and implemented very well...3. Variety. This game is a huge mix of CCG, RPG, Dungeon Crawler, Action Adventure, Exploration, etc etc etc... There is so much to do, there are so many different things to do, and all that is hidden so well in the cards and general gameplay mechanics...4. Visuals. Yeah, it's not as great visually as Crysis or Witcher 3 or whatever. Still, the visual art style is fitting, consistent and overall really great looking, and that's the most important for visuals - to look good.5. Gameplay. That is kinda covered in the variety point, but again, you are playing a choose your own Dungeon Crawling adventure CCG with RPG elements, customizable equipment and fighting style, as well as doing quest chains, mini quest chains, beating guys up, well, everything.6. The Dealer. Oh, the dealer... I will leave it at that. The dealer.???1. The game is a bit slow, but it have a lot of reading. So it's understandable. I don't consider it a negative, but some people may dislike the slow progression speed. Some rounds can go WAY over an hour if you read every encounter..2. There is a lot of reading. A LOT of reading. The writing is good, which helps, but still, there is a lot of text, that needs to be crunched. After a few rounds some basic cards will start repeating themselves, so repetition may become an issue. I still don't consider that a negative, but some people may not enjoy the literature aspects as much as me."
76561198040320102,Not Recommended,266510,20677127,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,BigBadWolf,"Repetetive,Punishing not challenging(instakill chance) and the combat is mediocre at best."
,Recommended,266510,14640403,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,gnosticelf,"[Edit to reflect new content and improvements in gameplay:I first reviewed this game in 2015, then stopped playing it because of problems with my PC which have since then been fixed. Recently started playing again, and I've been finding it even more entertaining than it was before. Since my initial experience the developers have added a bunch of new content, made some adjustments to the old cards, as well as improvements in the combat-system. And I swear the Dealer is even more amusing than he was before. I've missed his particular brand of snark.Go.Buy.WIN!]To say this game is ingenious would possibly be the understatement of the year.If this game were a woman, I would want her as my girlfriend, and I would stroll with her through the town square and feel my chest swell with immense pride and pleasure at the envying glances of others. I would thank the grace of fortune for having stumbled upon her and won her to my side. She'd be a woman of elegant beauty and subtle wit, possessed of a personality combining old-school sensibilities with modern flair. She'd be open to endless possibilities of adventure, unpredictable in her actions but kind enough to warn me ahead of time as to what she might have planned for me, allowing me time to prepare myself accordingly. Sure, she might try to knife me in the back from time to time, but she'd also have a fondness for surprising me with mind-blowing wakeup sex.Even after time bred more familiarity with her mercurial nature, I'd still find her to be a walking Wand of Wonder, and every day with her would be an awesome exercise of ""What's Next?""She'd be the girl next door and the Devil in a blue dress rolled into one, and just how far she let me into her heart would all depend upon how well I played my cards (Well, and beat down the Raving Packs of Jealous Suitors who woud occasionally camp out in the front-yard, but hey. Details!).TL;DR? : Maud'dib, We have fun-sign the likes of which GOD has never seen."
,Recommended,266510,12579068,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Nworb,"Enjoying Hands of Fate thus far. It's delightful and engaging.  I particularly like how the randomness of the draw in determining what encounters and enemies you face along the way, can then help or hinder how well you're prepared for the final battles in each game."
,Recommended,266510,12834399,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,PastelWitch,"So far, I love it. It's like a mix of Hearthstone, Dungeons and Dragons and Arkham Asylum - it's dark and mysterious with beautiful art and briliant character designs. Definitley going to be one of my favourites - you can also thank Jesse Cox for bringing this to my attention (and I'm so glad he did). I would honestly recommend this to everyone!I can't wait for more bug fixes/updates - I know it will just make the whole experience even more fun!"
,Recommended,266510,14602259,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Cthutu,"A fantastic game.  There's a lot going for this game.  Great presentation, interesting meta-game, fun fighting mechanics (similar to Batman and Shadow of Mordor mechanics), great music and sounds."
,Recommended,266510,20129941,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rymere,"This game is amazing.It's like Dungeons & Dragons, a card game, and an action adventure RPG had a baby.The actual weapon combat is quite easy, even on hard mode, but it's really fun, although RNG card rolls can completely screw you over sometimes which makes it frustrating, but can make it more challenging which is nice.Love the interface and it's really straight forward to understand. One of those games you can just pick up and play any time and it saves after each encounter which is nice, so you can pick up from where you left off."
,Recommended,266510,14508105,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,BrightBlueInk,"Fantastic game, particularly if you enjoy card games or choose-your-own adventure gameplay. The random elements ensure each playthrough feels fresh, and it can be challenging to collect the elements you need to beat each boss unless you're skilled at the combat, which makes the game never feel too easy. If you like random elements, collecting, RPGs, or rhythm-based combat, I can't recommend getting this game enough. This was the only game so far I've decided to get in early access and I don't regret my purchase one bit."
76561198054338122,Recommended,266510,15456991,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Best Pupper,This game is by far my favorite of 2015! Its got amazing graphics good gameplay and keeps on changing with each boss 10/10 would keep playing this amazing game!
,Recommended,266510,16319840,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Monger,"If games were women, this is the one you should marry because:Playing with her is so varied, whether it be cards or combat, it's always exciting.No matter how many times you see her, it always feels like it's the first time.She'll match wits with you and damn if a  lot of the time she won't get the better of you.She looks hot as hell and that won't change with age."
,Recommended,266510,12986538,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Harinezumi,"So far so good, even as developing beta.I like the way creators view the thrilling game of cards and stakes, dealers and players, fate, luck and pure skill.I hope the game will be honed into yet another masterpiece. =)"
76561198117646569,Recommended,266510,14605894,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,tagmnbagm,"loved the game, check out my first look/review and let me know what you think.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42vG7pXcks0"
,Not Recommended,266510,24115324,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,HalfZombieMan,"Not the game I expected.  The card generated dungeon is an interesting idea, but the frequency of 25% chance victories is rediculous.  At times it feels like this is applied to artificially make the game more difficult to make up for the extremely easy combat system.EDIT: I recieved some flak for my review informing me that I was playing the game incorrectly.  As a good sport, I re-installed the game to explore the Fate options only to find they are a $5 DLC.  No thanks."
,Recommended,266510,14631830,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,deeps,"Confusing because the games named after my right hand, wasnt sure what i expected."
76561198025537128,Recommended,266510,15409584,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,[SLG]agar,Great game even if it revolves around RNG
76561198007664202,Not Recommended,266510,28744155,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,T H I C C S H A K E,"Really cool concept, excellent presentation, combat is bland arkham-style fare. I have no idea why they went with that over something card based. Brought down the game for me and I couldn't be bothered continuing. It's competently executed but uninspiring and if you don't mind it the game, at least what I played, is definitely worth it. Not for me, unfortunately."
76561197988560747,Recommended,266510,20148262,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,maxilator,"I dont think this game is for everyone, though i would still not say that it is for a very specific audience. Set up as a board game where you go in and out of combat sequences you make your way through a maze of random cards containing different events where a combinations of your decisions and chance determines if you get new gear, supplies, gold, or health or if you are stripped of these things.Although my genereal experience of the game is positive, there are things that are lacking, especially the combat, seeing how this is a large part of the game, it drags down the experience quite a bit. Hand of Fate is using a very weak incarnation of the arkham mechanics in battles, a system that I didn't personally even enjoy in the batman games. The criticisms of the arkham system are not hard to find on the internet but to me it seems to be little more than a dynamic quicktime event ""Press q when green stuff is flashing, press space when red stuff is flashing"". Although some things are thrown into the mix to spice the combat up, such as traps and aoe effects, such a weak system needs alot more to make it interesting.I still recommend this game, the gathering of cards is still interesting and the decition making still keeps me intrigued."
76561198003408441,Recommended,266510,20208812,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Chase,"Awesome game! Great blend of 'Choose Your Own Adventure' (think Inkle's Sorcery series) and 3rd person hack and slash (Arkham Knight, Assassin's Creed etc.). A bargain at full price and an absoule steal on sale. Love the RNG aspects too. That feeling when you draw a 'Huge Success' from a pile of 3 other 'Failures' cards. Heavenly."
,Recommended,266510,20944651,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Zalkore,"I have been enjoying this game. I hadn't rated it yet, but I had to make sure to come and rate it after the last time I played.During my last play through, I saw a notification that was unlocked DLC. Based on the current DLC standards, I expected to  be taunted with it and then expected to pay more for it. I came to the store page for more information and was happily surprised that it was a FREE update.Thanks devs, for keeping it fresh."
76561198058460878,Recommended,266510,14039852,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rocade,"This game is hard to explain as its unlike any type of game I've played before and I don't think you can really really give it a defining genre. I didn't really know what to expect from Hand of Fate but was really pleased with my purchase. The game covers a lot of different game genres in a simple but polished way so I think anyone can get something out of it. The only thing that I can think of as a con for the game is that you cant create your own avatar, but some people might not mind this. I'd like to see Hand of Fate develop into a much larger scenario with more cards for a more versatile deck which would encourage different approaches to the game."
,Recommended,266510,14027149,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,DankBob MemePants,"This game was sitting on my wishlist for a while before I actually bought it. I regret letting it sit there. This is one of the most fun, most innovative, and overall best purchases that I have made on Steam in a long time. Trust me, buy this game. It is incredible in every way and fun as all hell. I'm excited to see how far the developer is going to take it before they finish it, but even now it's polished to the point where it might as well be finished (that being said, dev, please keep updating. The more content, the better.) BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,266510,14470759,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,🌟 CrimsonCero,I cannot say enough how unique this game is. It forces you to use your imagination but helps you understand it. It reminds me of those old RPGs before there were video games. Amazing graphics with a long story and great gameplay. Definately pick this game up soon because its really good
76561197971020388,Recommended,266510,14567194,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Tinweasel,Bring on the DLC!!!!!Let me give you my money.
,Recommended,266510,12138312,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Jonathan B,"Hand of Fate ReviewOnce I saw Hand of Fate while watching a YouTube video I knew I had to get this game! So, I purchased Hand of Fate and I have been enjoying it ever since. The game mechanics are beyond ""decent"" for an Early Access Game and the Difficulity in Story Mode seems to increase as you delve deeper into the game. I strongly recommend this game to anyone who is even semi-interested in what it has to offer."
76561198079890309,Recommended,266510,12148118,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,37thRoF_Rct_Matt,simply amazing
76561198053633665,Recommended,266510,15447696,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,AnimalMkIV,"This game came up in my recommendations list with a lot of positive reviews and looked interesting so I gave it a shot.  Very glad I did, this game is really good.It's a deck builder - a card game where you gain more, better cards to add to your deck as you progress through the game.  You sit at a table facing a hooded mage who controls the cards and narrated the story.  The voice acting is very good and once you have drawn the same card a couple of times the narration for that card is muted so you don't end up running through the same dialoque game after game.  It's kind of like playing a single player RPG with the mage as DM expanding the story around the cards drawn.  The voice (and the image of the DM to a degree) put me in mind of John Hurt which is cool.The DM deals out a number of cards in a pattern depicting the path (or paths) you have to travel before meeting the final enemy.  You can choose which way to go by which cards you turn over on the path (although some are straight so no choice) and you can be lucky and find the exit to the next level quickly meaning you can skip forward but possibly miss out on finding a shop or other useful encounter.  I prefer to take my chances of drawing a bad encounter for the benefits of potentially better equipment/more cards.The decks consist of armour, weapons, enchantments and food as well as enounters both good and bad.  Some enounters involve a test of luck where you have to choose a 'success' card from a selection of four cards.  These are displayed before being shuffled so there is a chance you can follow the best card before they are dealt face down.  Winning encounters let you draw cards from your deck giving you the chance to upgrade your armour, weapons or giving you more food (needed to heal)It's not just a static card game however.  The battles are actually played out as a third person skirmish with you controlling your character fighting, blocking and using any special abilities granted by your equipment.  This is the part that really marks the game out as different and deepens your sense of involvement - you're not just sat at a table playing cards, you are truly part of the story which is unfolding.Completing the final enemy grants you additional cards for your deck and every fourth quest grants you an item from the DM levelling up both your character and the enemies you will face.If you are unfamiliar with deckbuilding or just want to progress to the next game quickly, at the start of each quest you have the option of using a recommended deck based on y0our cards.  If you wish, you can then go in and edit the deck to your satisfaction although newly gained cards will not reveal their effects until they have been played.There is the skill of choosing which cards you own will be best suited to the upcoming quest.  This gets more important the further you progress and the more cards you have.Overall, a very enjoyable and quite relaxing game, definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,266510,16524763,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,raudrick,Pretty good! Hasn't been a card game this good since go fish!
76561197972372011,Recommended,266510,16510104,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Blood Aegis,"An excellent blending of rogue-like game elements and the 3rd person combat system popularized by the Lord of the Rings, Batman and Dynasty Warrriors franchises. The game has a unique atmosphere combined with a robust and addicting deck building system. With a little more card balancing and debugging Hand of Fate has the potential to become something not only original but iconic as well.8.75/10"
76561198061914709,Recommended,266510,17702234,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Monollock,"1 in 4 chance to fail, failed 6 times in a row.10/10"
76561198051935376,Recommended,266510,14617023,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,matthewnorris1,"I love the randomness of the play and, as such,  the not know."
,Not Recommended,266510,29506526,Posted: 26 January,all,McFreckledick,"Really cool game that was ruined by framerate drop during every battle sequence and delayed response to key commands, ultimately makin for a very frustrating experience. Other people don't seem ot have this problem, but I don't have these performance issues in other games. Try it out and see how it performs during the battle sequences. They seem to get worse as the game progresses."
,Recommended,266510,16896752,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Night Kitty,"Very fun game until you reach the end of the story mode at which point it will up the difficuly several thousands upon thousands of percent until it's at the end of impossible to beat unless the gods favour you over every other being in this universe, do you feel lucky punk?"
,Recommended,266510,16544411,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TheHealer,"Seems interesting but a bit slow. Crashes constantly on the battles.EDIT: Bought the game on my PS4 and I'm having a blast. If this runs on your PC, get it!"
,Recommended,266510,16570725,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Troutslap - aka Lumpy,"Great game, fighting is similar to arkham asylum where you can parry the enemies moves, only difference is when you parry it forces the action so you cant spam it.Game is randomized by the cards, what peice you move on and the equipment you get.Runz good, lookz good, game iz good, read other reviews if you like but yeah get it."
,Recommended,266510,16590994,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Fox01313,"Quite fun as a mix of a board game & card game in mechanics with a bit of combat thrown in. Highly addictive game where you assemble a deck of cards on what you might encounter for equipment or encounters with the stranger you are playing against has his own cards to throw against you. From there the cards you pick for encounters are put out in a path for each section where sometimes you have a choice & others it's a straight path.Sometimes it's more of a 3rd person adventure style of combat against different opponents, other times with the encounters, you are given cards that have various success & failure, take your pick & your gains or losses will sometimes unlock new cards adding to the addictive nature of the game. Blessings & curses are random later on to make things quite a challenge as you gain new tactics to use or avoid to help you on your quest. From the unlocked cards, you can go back to battle old bosses with the added challenge of taking new cards in to make a familiar encounter completely new depending on the cards you get from what you picked. Highly recommended."
76561198008928472,Recommended,266510,18285269,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,AdvisingBob,"-Straight playthrough can probably take several hours (depending on difficulty). Even though I went through one playthrough, I was left pretty satisfied.A pretty entertaining adventure game that involves cards and chance. You set up two decks that involve cards of scenarios you can encounter and the equipment you can receive during your adventure. As you progress through the game, you unlock more cards and can build larger decks and have a greater variety of situations and items to experience. While the game does have a diffuclty option, in a way, the way you customize your deck can add an entirely new dimension of diffuclty to the game. Personally, that mechanic is probably what stood out the most. Even if you are playing a high difficulty, you could fill your decks with scenarios that could make things a bit easier. Of course, still expect the game overall and all of its aspects to be challenging, you choose a high difficulty overall. Combat system of arena combat is a nice break from selecting and reading cards.The game has the means to produce several playthroughs, difficulty, classes, or trying to experience all the given scenarios."
,Recommended,266510,13522284,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,AlbertMelfo,"Even in early access this game is great. It's super fun and addicting. You'll find yourself playing it again and again to try to unlock new paths and advance in the game. Some things are still unbalanced and there are bugs, but that is part of the early access experience. This is a game with amazing potential and I recommend picking it up!"
,Recommended,266510,14641749,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Face,An incredibly tight deck building rouge like RPG. There's nothing like this around.
76561198055539710,Recommended,266510,14705597,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,PorkSauce,One of the most fun and difficult games ive played in a while!
,Recommended,266510,16501725,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Allafif,"Best collectible card choose your own adventure roguelite ARPG I've ever played. It does so many things that none of them are very polished, but it's worth it for the originality and the narrator.Best played in chunks of two quick games or one endless mode run. It now has easy and hard modes, and the DLC adds a bunch of character archetypes that have different playstyles."
76561197981742029,Not Recommended,266510,30894303,Posted: 1 April,all,72 virgins,"ALT F4 if you want to restarat at your last card. (really?) Card game part is fun. The battles and controls are absolutely horendous. your character tunrs like a car. Game doesnt always do what you tell it to do. There are countless.....I MEAN COUNTLESS improvements i could make to this game. Never has any game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much.  If your're not sedated when you play, you will wonder why you play this game. 2 hours, 14 days. Thats what nullifies getting your money back. I love the idea of this game, but man....It could be sooooooooooooooooo much better so easily."
76561198230079680,Recommended,266510,31427940,Posted: 28 April,all,Bearcoco,This is very fun and difficult unlike most games today.
76561198011823289,Recommended,266510,14749798,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,OkGandhi,would be cooler if i got to keep the weapons and armor i earned... start from scratch at every adventure.... no thanks
,Recommended,266510,24969033,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jingle's Jangles,I have way more time on my pirated version of the game but it was so good that i got it on steam and got the dlc to go with it because games like this need to be supported. it's a hybrid of about 5 different things and it works wonderfully. the concept alone is worth playing
76561198032072324,Recommended,266510,12753197,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kahvipannu,"Won't go much into detail, since it is early access, but:The game is totally playable, it still needs work, but it isn't totally broken/unfinished product you see many other early access titles are.It's a damn nice rogue-like game, it is hard to not recommend it with the ammount of fun I have had with it (10 hours, about 3/4 thru the story mode), but I would still wait for the release to get the best possible experience."
,Recommended,266510,12781331,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Gaviel,Fun game.  Plays like an old school board game.  Hoping they add more classes/cards and other things for customization.  Worth the money now.
,Recommended,266510,12730771,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,VoidKingdom,"I'm not much of a reviewer but, I'll sumarise this game as best as i can. And I hope this review will help to support this game.This game is what i would call a story telling rogue-like/lite adventure rpg card game with the Arkham Style fighting system. Seem like alot to put into game but it works well.In this game you must traverse the card layed out by the card dealer. The cards are semi- randomised but, I'll go into more detail later. You click on the card adjacent to where you current position is and then experience the story behind that card which results in either a fight, a choice, a lucky dip or any combination of the three. Then eventually reach the end of the level.CombatThe combat in the game seems to be solid for the most part. The way you fight is simillar if not the same to Batman games style of combat. You move with ""wasd"", ""space bar"" to roll/dodge,""q"" to counter, ""left click"" to attack and ""right click"" to stun. There are also ranged units which can be blocked by your shield. Unless they have a rifle in which case you have to dodge. With as much as I have played so far, the combat seems to be solid, it's not as smooth as it could be and seems a bit jittery, but nothing too extreme. There are also ranged units which can be blocked by your shield. Unless they have a rifle in which case you have to dodge. I have had no problems with the combat so far.BossesThe bosses seem to have a bit of variation. Their mechanics are different depending on their species and the amount and way they attack differ from one to another. There are 12 bosses and so far i have beaten 3, fought 4 as of initially typing this. I have yet to face the later on bosses so unfortunetly I have no experience against them to share as of yet. But, you can still tell when you are in a boss fight and you feel satisfyed to win against them.EnemiesThere are 4 mains enemies you face against, Dust - Bandits, Skull - Skellingtons, Lizard and another which i have yet to encounter. They each are weak to a diffent thing which makes you fights easier or harder depending on the elements of your gear. There are other enemies such as golbins and rats which you face against from their specific event but they all got their own gimic to. Rats will leave a poisonous cloud, goblins will steal your items and won't fight back but will instead try to escaps, so on, so forth.CardsI huge mechanic in this game is the cards. The cards you get in the events you play depend upon the cards you use to build your deck. You get two decks, equipment and events. You unlock more cards through completing events. The cards you unlock are set so it's not all randomised. However, the cards dealer throughs in a couple of his own cards to teach you more mechanics about the game such as enemy types and to prevent you from picking cards which give you a load of free stuff.DifficultyWhen you start off the game, it start off at a beginers pace, to allow you to get use to the controls. It then steadily escilates in difficulty so you are more reliant on your skill and cards you pick. I personally think that the game scales well in difficulty, but you also affect it by the cards you choose. Exsample - If you choose all fights cards, then you could get good loots, but at the same time loose alot of health. If you choose alot of simple equip events, then you will be stuck with low level stuff against the boss. Finding balance is crucial.My OpinionI personally think this game is well made. It plays quite well and the combination and implementation of all the mechanics are great. I would recomend this to people who enjoy rogue-like and/or RPG games with similar combat systems. Regardless of the fact that this game is in early acess at the time of this review, I think if it was released how it is, it would be well worth the price.I would give this game a 8/10 - If you wanna find gameplay of this game, looks at Jessie Cox's Video for fan friday.I haven't played the endless game mode yet so i can not say how good it is, but regardless, it is well worth the price and a ton of fun.I hope this review helps and this is my first review so sorry for any mistakes. This is my opinion of the game, I am not a critic but i decided to write this as i saw there were no reviews. I hope this helps!"
,Recommended,266510,12737608,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Grey Sage,"This game is fantastic. If you like deckbuilding and brawling, witty dialogue and quick combat you are in for a treat... this game has it in spades!"
76561198004777861,Recommended,266510,12798949,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,PaperCut,this game is fantastic and unique. I encourage anyone to buy this if only to support games that are creative and care about being fun rather than being safe.
,Recommended,266510,14554160,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Nyaznable,buy it or die
76561198065327920,Recommended,266510,14559531,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Empacher,After some hours you just get addicted to it. It has been made so good in so many ways. Really creative and intresting game. For 20 Euros you cant expect something better.
76561198004567417,Recommended,266510,14554926,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,mordakkar,"Awesome, sometimes unlucky rng, but awesome.Love the music and the dealer."
76561198053286136,Recommended,266510,14572064,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Del Griffith,"I bought this after watching a totalbiscuts video he did on it, i thought it looked fun and different and that is exactly what it is. The gameplay is addictive and varied, the narrator is amazing, the way he taunts and mocks you as you ""play"" is fantastic, well worth the price of admission! If your considering picking this up definatly do it, i know the year has just begun but Hand of Fate is the best new game ive played this year so far!"
76561198043375613,Recommended,266510,14602092,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Inoto,"This game brings something new to the table that I think many people will enjoy. There are aspects of strategy, roguelike, deck building, and hack n slash. It is assembled with very appealing visuals and executes its unique style very well.While playing there were definetly qualities that established it in my mind as similar to classic choose-your-own-adventure games, and aspects of DnD. The set up of ""randomized"" events set up on uniquely simulated dungeon maps and illustrated through card play is spot on.This is also one of the few games that is absolutely delightful when played in endless mode. It is almost as if the developer started out crafting a game based on endless mode, and put a well made story mode in to pull it all together.That combined with the just-long-enough, but making-me-beg-for-more, pacing of the main game makes for an excellent experience.In game dialogue between the dealer and player regarding events, bosses, successes, and failures just brings the whole experience home and puts it up among my top favorite games.I love this game so far, and can't wait to see what they produce with DLC.I highly recommend this game.9/10"
,Recommended,266510,28245325,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,我曾经是个王，然后我,当我被卡在第五关的时候，我终于知道为什么这个游戏叫Hand of Fate那种被大失败按在地上摩擦的感觉
,Recommended,266510,11163284,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Yenoham,"This game is so unique, its a must play IMO. It's an early release title but there is already so much content. The only downside is the combat doesn't feel like anything special right now. What it lacks in the combat department it makes up for in every other aspect of the game. Please pick this game up so they are able to do even more to this awesome game."
76561198051633181,Recommended,266510,11177342,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,EPICpanda65,"First time I played it, I was abit confused but after a couple goes you get the hang of it.It's different to say the least, what I like most about it is that it's one with itself, because I don't think there are other games with the same gamestyle as this, sure theres card games and sure theres alot of Role Playing Games, but I think Hand of Fate has blurred the lines abit here and has come up with a Winner.If you like little Adventure / RPG's then this I would definatly Recommend."
,Recommended,266510,11143291,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Swiss,"Its single player DnD with isometric fighting, if you have a game pad get this."
,Recommended,266510,11161362,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Juancho,Amazing game that appeals to the hardcore as well as the more laid back audience. Love to fire this up and make a run or 2 before quitting. If you are looking for an entertaining experience that doesn't consume hours of your day this is the pick!
76561198048385355,Recommended,266510,33883629,Posted: 29 July,all,TerezarOmega,"Dominion, but its you vs the deck you are building.In this game you build a deck out of cards you collect, and then those cards are dealt to you and their effects generate the dungeon you crawl through. The sheer number of cards means there is potentially infinite combinations of contect for dungeons, but you will likely settle on your favourites as the challenges rise, as you only build HALF the deck, your oppoennt, the dealer, builds the other half, and you have to survive it.So its a roguelike, dominion-esque, ccg.....with a dealer thats trying to kill you........10/10!"
76561198355015488,Not Recommended,266510,34269322,Posted: 15 August,all,Evil Tooth Farrie,"Would have been a keeper, but the arcade combat is a game breaker for me."
76561197998446157,Recommended,266510,26060649,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,blackmatter615,Very fun card based adventure crawler
,Recommended,266510,16517277,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Noblesdown,"A very clever card game that springs the locales and situations you reveal upon choosing cards to life. There's strategy in choosing your deck, weapons and items to upgrade, and the usual RPG trappings. Awesomewaxmustachesauce! The weakest part in my opinion is perhaps the combat system- it feels a bit janky sometimes. Bob Dole!- but overall it's quite fun and this game is most certainly worth your time at the cost of a few coins you've gathered from real life dungeons. Tutu tickle dance, go!"
,Recommended,266510,25032286,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,WaKKO151,This game is a guilty classic
,Recommended,266510,21505772,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Evil_sod,Really fun game. Do not play this without a controller.
,Recommended,266510,17770879,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Minkshaman,YES YES! A THOUSAND TIMES YES!GREATEST THING TO COME FROM AUSTRALIA SINCE... EVER!
,Recommended,266510,18805120,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Redfren,"It's a very different game to be sure. Fun and enjoyable, While it's true this is a card game i'm not sure you could say that's what it is. It's more like a D&D card game with interactive adventure. I have enjoyed it, even got the DLC. I think you will to."
76561197991005688,Recommended,266510,19202886,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Frikke,"Hand of Fate is a card based RPG fighting game, where every game is different. the cards of an map is randomized and you get to choose where to go, and what to keep or throw away. i highly recomend this game if you like casuel/randomized ""mini game"" based gameplay"
,Recommended,266510,19294162,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Harkenstein,"Hand of Fate is basically mixture of RPG's (like Hero Quest tabletop or Fighting Fantasy books), tabletop card games (like Magic The Gathering or Dominion) and it has few elements from Roguelike games (Nethack, Adom etc). Everything this is combined to good graphics and real time hack'n'slash. Fighting system is simple, intuitive and fun.There's plot, sort of, or actually there's lots of mini-adventures and missions in-game and there's plenty of mutators which make every game more or less different. Basically it's about challenging yourself and your decisions in the moment of truth - life, death and resurrection.It's combination of old-school fantasy atmosphere and modern interpretation. Most of all, this game shows love to the genre, love to the gaming itself and having fun while swinging sword. Original piece of game that's easy to enjoy time after time again."
,Recommended,266510,19280632,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Anal Degloving ®,Easily one of my all-time favorites. Feels like a tabletop game brought to life! The narrator has a tremendous voice actor and the script is charming.
,Recommended,266510,18788330,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,martbhell,So much fun :)
,Recommended,266510,18806950,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Buckets,"I've owned this game for quite some time and am very happy to have seen evolve as it has. It is, in my opinion, an increadibly fun game and in all honesty I love damn near everything about this game, everything about a RPG/deck-building hybrid is just goddamn kick♥♥♥♥♥to me. But sadly there is one thing that is missing from what ""damn near"" covers, this being the combat. The combat just seems to me too easy. It being in the same style the of Ac and Batman: arkham X games, although granted the further you progress, the harder the enemies are and the harder combat gets(obviously), it has just felt to me that combat in these games lacked something. None the less it is still a great game that I would and do recommend to everyone. 9/10"
76561198039990685,Recommended,266510,19298081,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,bkornpob,New game mechanics. Customization. Diversity. Action RPG. Gambling. Create your own stories!
,Recommended,266510,19325079,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,gmsh,"Pretty neat game,  I like playing magic the gathering or whatever with the devil."
,Recommended,266510,34694164,Posted: 2 September,all,No Fun In Sight,"Несмотря на то, что данная ""настолка"" - казуальная в сравнении со ""страшими братьями"", анальных болей она вам доставить более чем способна. Как и приятных ощущений - от побед ""не благодаря, а вопреки"".Но есть два минус у этой игры:1. Собрав все карты, делать в игре больше решительно нечего. Разве что бесконечные данжи проходить.2. Здесь, как в dragon age 2 - разнообразие локаций и врагов минимальное. Впрочем, для настолькой игры такое, навреное, приемлимо. В конечном итоге, цель игры - не отправить с пинка уставшего от жизни старичка во вторую часть игры, а собрать все карты и события. Несколько цепочек квестов настолько подрывающие, что вам потребуется не один день на их прохождение."
,Recommended,266510,18797879,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MaximumMagicMan,"everything for this game works, the audio works, the presentation works, the backstory works. The chances of you not being drawn in to the game are very low."
76561197999717882,Recommended,266510,18950580,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Pyro,A game that is different to any other I have played. Having a game that is unique and well made is a rare find these days.
76561197970504722,Recommended,266510,19127003,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ч²о shaft,"One of the best Rouge type games ive ever played, addictively fun. Simple play, perfect controls and awesome graphics. Some of the best developers too, regular updates and free content! Can highly recommend!"
76561198095219260,Recommended,266510,19299086,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Jozefree,I bought this game as just a cool way to waste time but I ended up really enjoying it! I really this it is worth the buy just maybe not at its current price.
76561197974725094,Recommended,266510,18756791,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,m2crows,Much better than i expected. I love the concept and the highly detailed table (Halloween Jack o Lantern replaces the candle).
76561197965689444,Recommended,266510,19154783,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Rotworth,An awesome deckbuilding/action-adventure game.  It doesn't do a lot but what it does it nails.  The gameplay loop is better thought out than most AAA games.  The combat is fun at first but eventualy gets dull (after about 20 hours).
76561198061586926,Recommended,266510,19381083,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Steve,"Basically FTL in a dark fantasy setting with Arkham style minigames instead of ship battles. A deck-building metagame lets you shape what cards you'll face, somewhat. Nicely written with solidly evocative graphics for the small arenas."
76561198079505533,Recommended,266510,19385035,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,KorenHyperion,It is fun and comes with free updates with more content what more do you want?
76561198135528116,Recommended,266510,18866083,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Ren Kuroya,Hands down an excelent game! You will die quite often but that is the way the cards fall and your destiny.
,Recommended,266510,18889130,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Szczepan von Karma,"Highly Recommended. The kind of hybrid board\action game that I would adore to have physically exist. Brought magically to life with excellent digital ambiance. While the random factor can lead to games where it all goes wrong and you can't win even if you tried, much like FTL, I find myself starting one more new game every time."
76561198039463852,Recommended,266510,19298618,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kirkland Langue,"I strongly recommend the game....But my review will be about the one thing which I feel is the game's weakest point: the combat scenarios.Each of the combat scenarios take place in a very small area... while this is clearly to heighten the tension and make it more difficult - it ends up leading every battle to be almost identical.   The fighting gets old when every battle feels the same.But like I said, I strongly recommend the game and feel that if the combat scenarios were more deliberate, this game would be GOTY material."
,Recommended,266510,18721415,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,schmell,"Absolutely fantastic game. It has some things that could be improved, for sure, but it's incredibly fun. It feels very magical; very surreal. I feel like I'm in the Iron Ring or something. With a little imagination, it's easy to become immersed in the game and feel like you're on a cool adventure in a far-off land.EDIT: I can't believe how many free updates the devs wound up putting out for the game! Awesome dev team!"
76561197971028644,Recommended,266510,19193288,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Слепострел,"The arrival of cards is barely balanced out. Such uncommon game mechanics can be fun but mostly frustrating. As a player you feel very detached from what is going on since you can't influence anything (either encounters or you can't go back to a previous level or you can't even heal yourself and the story is almost non-existent). This game is a feast of randomness. You can get a tough fight and almost useless reward or vice versa. Or you can get several hard fights in a row. The game can plant a couple of mini-bosses into a regular fight. Another session you may get a boss fight just one card away from the start armed only with basic equipment.What kept me playing was the melee system which resembled very much the one of Batman: Arkham Trilogy.Overall, it's a brilliant time-waster and it's worth taking a look because of its game mechanics. But most likely it'll be a short look."
,Recommended,266510,19743704,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Voelkar,DLCs like in The Witcher 3: Everything is free and it is awesome. You have multiple stories and the card deck system is just awsome. You can build your own story! This is way more worth than the 20 bucks. Get it now!
,Recommended,266510,19890422,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Xird,A fairly unique mix of genres that unexpectedly hooked me.
76561198041902368,Recommended,266510,20069060,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The Autistic Oracle,"Let me set the stage: You are in a room. At least it could be a room, but it is so pitch black that you can only see the table in front of you. You are not alone by this table. Across from you sits a hooded figure. Among the various curiosities strewn on the table are sets of cards.You do not know who this stranger is, who you are, how you got here, or even what lead to this moment. The stranger seems to have the answers to these questions, however, also seems to have no interest in telling you - Instead, he invite you to a game of cards.From the moment he shuffles the decks of cards, you know this will be no ordenary game of Bridge. And barely has the game begun before you realize what game you are playing. The game is you. Who is this entity in front of you, with the magic to convert memories into a deck of cards? Why does he force you to EARN these memories?With so many uncertainties, there is only one thing to do. Play."
,Recommended,266510,20126320,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,中空,"It's just the game, imho.I'm not a huge fan of D&D and I never played it (maybe because none of my friends play it) but I'm really in love with GDR, rougelike and card games so I tought that this game was perfect for me and ye it turned out to be.It's an addictive game you will enjoy since the really first game, the sound looks greate, the cards are really nice and stories told are nicely done! The AI (since the point of the game I reached, more thant the middle of the story mode) is not that stronk but the way you use your actives/passives abilities is so funny and also timing the shield (to avoid melee or ranged attacks) make the game even more fun.I really suggest it, at least it worth a try and maybe you will find your new favourite game like I did!"
76561198057354903,Recommended,266510,20225938,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ChaosIsNow,
76561197999537452,Recommended,266510,20331920,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Brick | Alt,"A game that oozes with charm. Great voice acting and an interesting setting. The third-person hack and slash sections took me by surprise, but they are 'just' in depth enough to be fun, rather than a chore.A great game, I'm glad I picked it up."
,Recommended,266510,19126064,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ChaHos,"Altough I'm generally very sceptical about former Early Access titles, as I was pretty much let down by Planetary Anihilation, I'm very happy to have bought this game. It does not only have a very interesting game mechanic, but has also got two free content updates as of now.Oh and buy the game with the Wildcards DLC. It really adds more fun and depth to the game."
76561198042243672,Recommended,266510,19299344,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Gaultar,The game is very replayable.  You get to reshuffle all the cards you earn each time to replay. Death is not the end just the end of THAT playthrough.  I would recommend this game for almost anyone.
,Recommended,266510,19373311,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bash Brisecul,"Extremely addictive, loads of fun and very well made. I found one bug within 20 hours of play, the narrarator/antagonist is top notch and there's easily 100 hours of play in here, more if you've the kind of person who chases leaderboards. Post-game includes infinite mode that gets very challenging. My only gripe is that some runs are doomed to an early death from the beginning thanks to RNG, hey that's life."
,Recommended,266510,19400576,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Chamberland,"This is an awesome GameThis game probably one of the best games that you can pick up quickly and it is hard to put down. I love the auto save feature, it helps you pick up right where you left off. Although this game is about chance, it feels good to win with the odds stacked against you."
,Recommended,266510,19415434,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Das Salzmännchen,This game is actually awesome! Smooth play & great atmosphere! 10/10 would buy again.
76561198043995339,Recommended,266510,19635340,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Tigershark,"Great game, one of my alltime favorites."
76561198011458486,Recommended,266510,19927926,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Boom1axe,Old school pen and paper rpg have joined forces with the fun of a card game and fighting game. Hand of Fate is a great game experance that can be repeted over and over agin.Most gamers will be glade to pick up there axe after buying this game.
,Recommended,266510,19378679,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,travislaborde,"I've not seen another game like this before, but I hope it is the first of many.  I'm really liking this game a lot.It is a ""deck building"" game, with a  great twist - the deck is used to generate an ""adventure"" for you to experience.  The cards are laid out (at random?) for you to go over, one by one.  Some cards will give you equipment or other aid, some will give you battles to fight.When you DO fight, it is action combat on a small battlefield.  Lots of mad clicking and pressing going on.  Great animations, the ""slow down camera"" for big hits and battle endings.  All that jazz.The only CON I can say so far is that it is a little annoying sometimes in how the randomness affects things.  An example goes like this:   After a fight which you've one, it might say ""one of the enemies is only faking his death"" and offer you the choice - go back and get him, or leave him be.  It shows you 4 cards - 3 with success and 1 with failure.  It shuffles those and you pick one.  Lots of scenarios like that, and it seems to come up with the ""bad"" card way too often.The game has many ways for you to alter the difficulty UP or DOWN, and from what I've seen so far, it will have a huge amount of replayability.I love it!"
,Recommended,266510,19425722,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ybalrid,"This is a deck building roguelike RPG with anawesomeart direction.Each ""level"" is a series of cards drawn on the table. You're represented as a golden pawn that cah go to the verry next cards. Each card is an encounter. It can be good for you, bad for you, test your luck (or ability to not be fooled...) or oblige you to fight.Your equipement are cards. You earn token that unlocks more cards. Every random aspect of the game is handeled by cards.The compat system makes it an action-RPG. The combat mechanices are the same as in the recent Batman games and it's really pleasing.From a Game Design standpoint it's a little marvel. I urge you to try it out!"
76561198044289646,Recommended,266510,19638579,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Thunder Liaison™,"Incredible fun, awesome artwork. That RNG doe."
,Recommended,266510,20068399,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DvineD,"Awesome game, one of the rare games I completed.It's sort of like 'Binding of Isaac' for not so hardcore players.- It has a sort of Heartstone-ish ( or Gwent from Witcher) play with the cards, deciding your adventure - depending on your choices.It's just easy and fun. But you will die, you will die a lot. But each game is new and helps keep it fresh.- And it's fun hunting new cards or try to unlock the token on new cards. And in the end, build your own deck - So you can remove those pesky annoying cards you dislike.Oh, and there is Endless Mode when the campaign is done. I die so much in that mode, so I've given up on that part of the game, I just enjoy the (doable) campaign - And really would like more!(Endless mode is a game mode where all cards are in play, and you can continue forever).Also, the developers have made tons of updates and listen to the community, and now they work on Hand of Fate 2. Which I will buy at full price, as soon as it is out.Pro Tip; Use it with a controller."
,Recommended,266510,20205197,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheRedKoolaid,"Wow...I bought this on sale and wow, this is an unique (at least for me) gaming experience. I went into this thinking I wasn't really going to like it but I was so wrong. Worth the full price!"
76561198271957534,Recommended,266510,20216654,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,citizen.elliot,"Great time so far.  Game play is fun.  The main ""antagonist"" is cryptic in a fascinating way that makes you want he spoke more.  Interesting take on a hack and slash"
76561198018052709,Recommended,266510,19137590,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Happymush,"A wonderful blend of card game and hack and slash RPG, if you are a fan of either genre, i highly recommend."
76561198014485375,Recommended,266510,19477807,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mad hatters in jeans,"This game is just so much fun to play. Even after unlocking most of the cards there's still new things you can do with the game. Different ways to play, different decisions to make with the kinds of gear your earn in each level. The combat is also quite satisfying if a little clunky at times.The dealer, (basically the narrator or DM if you're used to DnD) has a fantastic voice and lines for each of the cards you play. He'll make funny and sarcastic comments based on if you're doing well, or poorly. This adds to the atmosphere so much that I wish they have the dealer more lines to say.This game currently has two game modesStoryWhere you unlock cards as you progress through the game, with various boss fights thrown in here and there.I believe this is the best game mode for learning how to play, it gets you used to how the game functions and furthermore you can alter your ""deck"" of cards you take into each encounter. Along with some of the cards you'll face as well.EndlessThis is where things get interesting for me. Although the story mode is great, it just doesn't have the pure sense of rolling the dice.As Endless combines all of the cards you've unlocked and throws them into random encounters, with each level advanced in this mode you'll either face an encounter/recieve a curse or both.But eventually the game just throws some really powerful pain cards at you and you have no choice but to lose. (This is only once you get to about level 30, which is quite difficult even with the right equipment found/bought.)Along with some free dlc they've recently released for this game it really is a lot of fun to play and learn how to beat various encounters.I have a lot of fun playing this game and the devs are very active on the forums.I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,266510,19584416,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Novahot,"Hand Of Fate, not so family friendly Fantasy card game with real time combat. I love the game, I have beaten almost all of the bosses (stuck on the last one) and I love how hard the game is!My first expressions to Hand of fate were something like this: ""Another fantasy card game? Hearthstone ripp-off?"" But I was suprised how there is third-person realtime combat in this! So how does it work?The idea is this: There is the ""table"" where you have cards. You don't know what the cards are and as you move you unfold the cards one by one. Behind every card there could be a Fight, a choice, a shop or the Devil giving you something to kill. The more you play the more cards you get, and more cards you have, more difficult the game gets. Also the first time you kill a boss, it becomes a reqular encounter in the game. So don't be like me and say ""Now I will never have to fight him again.."" WoopsieThe game is wonderful and I recommend it from my frozen heart,,, now I have a meeting with the King of Scales (again)"
76561198166589909,Recommended,266510,19757304,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,moonlust,"absolutely amazing game, I can not get enough. The only thing i wish they would add is like an option to view the cards story line, and unlocks from them. This is mainly becuase alot of the time i forget the storyline between play and i would really like to see the percentages of completion for each, since i am definetly a complishinest. but all in all i would rate a must play at 9 out of 10"
76561198027459751,Recommended,266510,19777084,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Yaugzebul,"This one is really fun : it mixes correctly RPG elements (and the greed to be stronger), storytelling lines (where you want to know more), collectible cards (you want to have more) and a bit of action with depth (you can't rush your third person combat).The last part is the part I personnally prefer the least but if you like previously mentioned elements : have a try !"
76561198116094736,Recommended,266510,19917165,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Wild Zebra,So much fun.
76561198066816899,Recommended,266510,20066918,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Black Jack,"what i can say, this game is amaising and the devs behind it even more  a must in your game library█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄"
76561197976798183,Recommended,266510,20133304,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Yhorian,This is a really charming arcade action game mixed with card collecting. It reminds me of Puzzle Quest with it's mix of genres and just like the original Puzzle Quest - it's a great game! The difficulty is tune-able for those who want a Dark Souls challenge or just a casual bit of fun.
,Recommended,266510,20133352,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ladyhawke,"Very addicting. I keep telling myself I need to stop. But I just want to see that next card, defeat the next encounter, get more cards for my deck.The graphics and sound effects are pretty sweet, and having great voiceover for the game master is a huge plus towards immersion.So yeah, I definitely recommend."
,Recommended,266510,20290919,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Papinet,"A very creative game blending several gameplay genres! (Story-telling, table game, 3rd person, ""destiny"") It brings together several very opposite mechanics together in a unique style. If you liked, like I did, the books ""You are the Hero"", you'll enjoy this game for sure. The balance between customizing the potential story, and the way you are completely ""unprepared"" to what can really happen is great. The action sequences aren't revolutionary and really look alike some well-known attack/dodge system seen in other games. In addition to the unique blend of gameplay, the art design and the ambiance are most certainly the key factors making this game shine.Cons:- Action sequence less original.- Slow-pace sequences. (some transitions can be skipped)- The ""I was screwed from the beginning"" feeling.Pros:- Very unique design direction.- Blending of different genres.- Ambiance well-fitted.- Amount of content.Hope you enjoy it as much as I am still doing.Thanks,Maxime Pinet"
,Recommended,266510,19375198,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kensei,"This is a very unique game and I recommend you play it. However be aware of the fact that it does have a few issues, despite being late after release.For starters some cards don't trigger properly, and you might have to guess the solution yourself. For example a card may require you to pay 5 gold, but the option would be grayed out no matter how much you have. On the other hand, if you have 0 gold, you can pay the price and it will be deducted from 0.Poor card trigger code aside, another issue with the game is the camera. At later levels you will absolutely curse it when traversing traps. What happens is that instead of maintaining a top-down angle, camera is scripted to do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ it wants and provide you with a more ""cinematic"" viewing, even though you know, you're trying not to get stabbed, shot, impaled, skewered, crushed and barbequed.Also be aware of the somewhat poorly designed combat in the game. At later stages flaws become aparent, such as getting stuck between a turret and the boundary collider that prevents you from falling out of the arena. The dodge is not long enough to dodge certain attacks and traps, and not enough time is given for a second evade in order to avoid damage.Still, the game is interesting enough to play. The nagging issues prevent it from being a trully entertaining piece, mostly due to the frustration provided by an assinine camera logic and underdeveloped combat. You may have spent your last 3 hours running around, collecting gear and becomming overpowered, but all it takes is 1 level to screw you over in order to make you lose. This creates the feeling of a cheap loss, something mechanical, instead of punishment for a lack of foresight.Despite the dealer so often repeating how fair the rules are, they aren't entirely upheld when you are pitted against 5 lava giants in a cubicle sized arena that blow themselvs up just for giggles. Also the game deems it unfit to let you collect any gold you have lying around after combat. While a minor problem, it does force you keep someone alive in order to collect the bounties, however the lack of a health bar on enemies makes this task akin to playing the lottery.Other than that HoF provides an interesting perspecting on the roguelike genre and is definitely worth a buy at 50% discount. I recommend the full priced game only for hardcore players or TCG mega fans."
,Recommended,266510,19382105,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Maga Nosferatu,A Very Fun Game! Combines the excitement of TCG and the thrill of hack and slash games that will keep you hook for hours
,Recommended,266510,19558351,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Peregrine_Caged,"The game may not be everyone's cup of tea, but if it matches your personality and what you like, look out. I don't have a lot of hours on record yet--mostly because it's a little hard on my outdated laptop--but I fully expect that number to skyrocket. It's everything I could want and more, despite being a relatively simple game.Which is why I say it's likely not for everyone. The gameplay is very straightforward. There's not much to it. If you get bored easily, it might not be more than a time waster for you (and a possibly pricey one). At worst, you may grow tired of it completely.For me, though, I can't get enough. Granted, as a Dungeon Master, it really taps into my sense of adventure designing. Even though you come across the same cards and do the same things, it's still delightfully interesting thinking on how things interact and work to bring you where you are. Every play is a different adventure, and that appeals to me.And though the gameplay is relatively simple, that also means that it's very solid. While there's some luck to it, admittedly, I still feel like I am in control. When I lose, it's my fault, when I win, it's because I planned well.All in all, I am incredibly pleased. For the adventure lovers, for those who kind of like coming up with their own story with a vaguer backbone, this is for you. For the rest... I dunno, go watch somebody play for a bit, and decide for yourself."
,Recommended,266510,19589689,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,The Immortal Beaver,"It's a turn-based roguelike card-game with realtime combat, a tremendous amount of replayability, and a fantastic atmosphere that brilliantly mixes the creepiness of the dealer with the thrill of a fantastical adventure. The writing is wonderful, and engine updates have made the game visually excellent by most any standards. It's a brilliant game, and easily one of the best of the year.The cherry on top? The developers are wonderful. A long time back when the game was still in early access, someone complained about a spider that would crawl around on the table at random times during play. I fired the game up recently to check out the (completely free and quite extensive) Christmas updates, scrolled through the options to see if anything was different, and noticed an option to turn the spider off. These guys are the best, and if the game interests you, they absolutely deserve your money."
,Recommended,266510,19877378,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kraege,"Part board game, part card game, part RPG and part action game. Create two sets of cards. One set is of items to find. The other set is of encounters. Thankfully the NPC (game master?) shuffles and sorts everything out for you.The GM places cards on the table in various configurations and you move a taoken along the cards as you would on a grid or board. Sometimes you have more than one direction from which to choose. Most often you can only more in one direction. Once chosen you reveal the card to see what you encounter. You may encounter combat, find equipment, make a choice as to your action or many others. Don't forget to stock up on food as each card your token moves to will cost one food.After traveling awhile (down stairs to new 'floors'), you find the end boss. Use your equipment to defeat this foe the same way you beat any previous combat. Use the ASWD keys to swing your current weapon. Other items may give you other skills and will be explained as you get them. If you beat the boss, you'll unlock many new cards and can change your decks around to include them if you wish.Tailor your decks to what you think might happen. Add more armor, a shield or even stronger weapons. There is a lot you cannot plan for, so I suggest erring on the side of caution.You can always go into another 'dungeon' to fight a boss you have already fought. To start a game, choose the boss you want to fight then choose the difficulty for what is needed to unlock specials. No spoiler given here.Good luck and no matter what the GM says, don't turn back"
,Recommended,266510,19965262,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Duct tape,"Would marry, if not for all the papercuts on my junk."
76561198041629661,Recommended,266510,20220482,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,YoungCurry,Amazing game
76561198105646188,Recommended,266510,20408297,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,joebobpants,fighting liveing cards amazing
76561198067330202,Recommended,266510,19195447,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,InsaneSeishiro,"The combat feels a little clunky, but the overall experience you get out of the game is unique enough to still love it."
76561197972563559,Recommended,266510,19579835,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,grimley_tolanes,Interesting concept with a different approach to the Collectable Card Game concept.  Half the fun is listening to the Narrator and his fantastic voice acts as the embodiment of fate itself.Very addictive for such a simple game!
76561198257551008,Recommended,266510,20037469,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheNightAngel,I don't quite know what to say about this game. It scratches an itch I didnt know I had haha. Its so simple and yet has room to be complex. I could easily spend hours on this game.
76561198021711569,Recommended,266510,14669856,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Jack the Bong Ripper,It's aight
,Recommended,266510,19299425,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Limey21,A hidden gem in the box of turds that steam is.
76561198297118281,Recommended,266510,34382756,Posted: 20 August,all,Eriss,"Great Idea, Fun Game. Graphics are a little wonky. General Game is Pretty decent. Though, a downside would be that it gets boring after a few."
,Recommended,266510,14495140,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MAZ,"Imagine Hearthstone, Batman AA, D&D, Darkest Dungeon, and Gauntlet had a baby...that baby's name is Hand of Fate. Then add a card dealer that actually feels like a real person is playing cards with you....I just cant say enough good about this game but I'm going to try.This game is unbelievably good. The voice acting is literally perfect. It is so immersive watching all of the little animations that the  dealer uses and his comments are so on point that it is akin to psycho mantis from mgs. I really get the sense that I am playing cards with a powerful, mysterious and devious being and he is talking to ME! His covered face was a brilliant idea to add to the sense of mistrust.This is truly a seamles mashup of several components. TCG, action, RPG, strategy. While Hand of Fate isn't a complete experience in any of the forementioned genres there is enough of each one that somehow when combined...is so throughly entertaining and enthralling I simply cannot put it down. The concept is so simple yet so brilliant it's a wonder noone has made a game like this years ago. The gameplay is so fun that I played the game for 7.4 hours straight the same night I purchased it. It is realy a unique experience. What a gem! I really cant say enough about the dealer's character he makes every single moment of this game feel meaningful and the absolutely nailed the atmosphere. The presentation is top notch. there are so many wonderful details such as the way the candle burns down as the game goes on and as such the room becomes darker.I was so filled with wonder, excitement, terror, joy and anger while playing this game. The games difficulty seems to ramp up nicely. I am not even half way done with this game yet but I am so looking forward to the bosses and cards that I will unlock next but most of all I am looking forward to unraveling the mystereis behind the dealer and what this game is all about.Fascinatingly there is no tutorial you are simply thrust into the game and yet I can tell that this is not an oversight, it is deliberate and the dealer makes mention of it several times. If you've ever played a videogame before you will figure it out and the gameply is so intuitive that to my surprise, no tutorial is necessary! He will wager some precious artifacts if you win you earn them if you lose you will have to roll your deck again and he will deal the dungeons from the beginning.I took a chance on this game because I really like TCG and the way that this suppossedly had an action elemant sounded interesting and unique and I am so glad I did. Now that I know how good this game is I would have gladly spent twice the price I paid. Unless you are some sort of gibbering idiot who only plays madden games you will definitely love this game. I seriously cannot imagine anyone not liking this game; it is straight up fun! The game really put a smile on my face very quickly and then gradually became very challanging. I really love Hand of Fate. I give HOF my highest reccomendation and I would place this game among my top favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,266510,17127474,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Audunra,"This game is alot of fun the game starts making you think its easybut don't let that fool you once you play through a bit the game gets harder,this is a game I would like to call almost a perfect Rogue-like"
76561198129690765,Recommended,266510,16846719,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ChroniK_PaiN,Awesome card/action/fighting/fantasy game. MASSIVE replay value. The fighting in the game could use some polishing but other than that it is a very fun game.
,Recommended,266510,16861672,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,dpvhWYnpIwNT8BPQAOc9,"This is a really fun game, it basically uses a tarot-like card system to set up randomly generated level layouts for you to traverse towards a goal. The card events add various elements of gameplay such as fighting and decision making, each done in their own way and luck is tested frequently to determine the successfulness of your choices. If you like rpgs, rogue-like and tarot cards then this game would be good for you."
76561197993060918,Recommended,266510,17266393,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Aquinas,7/10
76561197989628139,Recommended,266510,18213213,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Marc CSGO-CASE.COM,Great Game
76561198026401893,Recommended,266510,14811102,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,nighthawk,I have always love proprocedurally generated games and Hand of Fate will leave you praying to the RNG gods for sure. Some cards can start to feel over played but its easy to swap them out for a differnt set. 4.5/5
76561198014774412,Recommended,266510,14577535,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,untestedmethods,10/10 Would draw boss monster over and over again.
,Recommended,266510,16740827,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,✪Bravo,many genres combined+great narrating and good musicyou get Hand of Fate
76561198114735740,Recommended,266510,15888868,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Space Michael,"The idea of the games very good. There is a lot of little of details that make it have a mysterious kind of feeling to it. It is challenging but not impossible, but it really all depends on how you set up your game. It does began to feel a little repetitive at times but it could just be how I play it."
76561198063417827,Recommended,266510,21653140,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Conscript900,"Funnest damn game i have ever played. its a bit taxing on my computer (and i have  a decent computer. i can run metro 2033 and dawn of war 2 pretty well, metro dont lag at all) But i recomend it whole heartedly. I do recomend a controller of some kind and I also can say i dont normally like dungeon crawlers (in a sense its a dungeon crawler) Beautifully made and the voice acting for the card dealer. marvelous and mysterious. as long as we dont suddenly go pay to win. Itd love to see this game in mutiple era styles and more enemies and cards. You thought poke mon was adictive think again,"
,Recommended,266510,14959648,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Gene Vagina | Gamdom.com,"One of my faourite games by far, would recomend it to anyone who likes this saught of game."
,Recommended,266510,16607698,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,madSimon,"Really enjoyable, fresh concept. You're essentially playing through mini campaigns where each time you encounter a card, you progress the story and potentially earn rewards.The deck building is odd at first, but you slowly beging to favor certain cards as you play.There is some luck involved with random card draws and choices, but you can actually watch the choice cards as they shuffle on the screen.The combat encounters are well done with the enemies you fight generated from the cards drawn. A ""4 of Skulls"" will have you fighting 4 skeletons, for example. Combat resembles a simplified Arkham Batman system with combos, counters, and abilities based on your weapons and shields.Very polished with lots of subtle touches in the environments and animations. Plenty of challenge due to the randomness and multiple difficulty levels."
,Recommended,266510,16616441,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Papa Emeritus III,This game is a masterpiece...Excellent naration and gameplay10/10
76561198041995956,Recommended,266510,14631261,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,bahamut66,"Played this game since early access and it's only gotten better upon release.  This is a wonderful blend of deckbuilding, board games, and arena combat.  It features great organic storytelling with individual encounters stringing together a journey towards a big boss that you play in sessions.  The combat is smooth, fluid, and highly skill based.  You are dropped into an arena for combat and you need to fight, break guards, and counter your opponent to kill them before they kill you.  Outside of combat, you make choices and take chances to advance your story and unlock new cards for different encounters.It's a magical experience where you feel immersed in a world even when not fighting.  The game is very heavily RNG based, but I'd say it is more reliant on skill than other rogue-like games.  You can still get screwed by RNG, but you can survive a surprising amount through sheer force of will and skill.Musically, the game is superb, with memorable battle music, suspenseful main themes, and a very peaceful shop and certain encounter music.  The best part though is the narrator, who is equal parts friend and foe, your companion through the game who both tries to kill you, but also encourages and balances your experience.  Every line of dialogue from him is quote worthy and awesome.Graphics are...one of the games few problems.  Card art is great and even the 3d designs are cool, but it's a bit low quality and prone to clipping.  Numerous times I've played the game and monsters or my character will get caught in scenery or the character models will freak out rag doll style at the end of combat.  Most of the time its not game breaking, but it can be annoying.  And there are a few bugs that need to be worked out.  More than once, I've had my music and sound effects fail on me.These are minor annoyances for a highly unique and surprisingly addictive game though.  Highly recommended.  Fair warning though, the final boss is total BS and feels very unfair, so be prepared for a little frustration."
,Recommended,266510,16189092,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,NaziScum,dik but
,Recommended,266510,16898217,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,El Chupacabra,It is one of those UNİQUE games.Don't hesitate...
,Recommended,266510,20329034,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Elektr1kz,Batman Arkham esque fighting gameplay mixed with a card game/board game. Love it.
76561198118512615,Recommended,266510,20293450,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,nameless,i love this game so much this is not a game any more this is life or death
76561197972428517,Recommended,266510,20433776,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Skull,"Fun, challenging, quick combat and a nice bit of spice."
,Recommended,266510,20463202,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Blackout,You got the money? Then buy it.
76561197972197780,Recommended,266510,20440693,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Grazal,10/10 Seriously. Amazing showing!
,Recommended,266510,20542008,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Snusk og rusk,"A excellent and unique game. If you have not played this, do it!This game can be explained as:Dungeon crawler + Batman Arkham combat + Card game"
76561198138304174,Recommended,266510,21682424,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Pyrrhus,"Very unique, and interesting game and most importantly a lot of fun! If you like gamebooks (esp. fighting fantasy series), you will like this game, and if you enjoy RPGs I highly suggest giving this game a chance. You play as an adventurer who has to defeat a set of bosses that are like tiers of each other, but not really in a way making it repetetive. You collect cards that make up the game and put them in the main playing deck and basically yours are meant to better your chances, and the dealer puts in cards to make it more challenging. Its amazingly fun collecting the cards to unlock new encounters and the dlc is actually a rare dlc that does in fact give you something new, it adds cards that change the rules from the start which makes it a LOT more replayable.The artwork is GREAT, like I mean really, really good and the fights sequences gain a lot from that. I esp. like the tomb/crypt area when you fight undead. The real only negatives are that the fights can get a bit boring, but not really such a big deal....another thing is a pretty annoying bug that causes background card shuffle noises (pls fix!!!!) that drives you mad if you don´t restart the game lol. All in all great, unique title worth its money with innovative ideas and solid gameplay I rate 9/10"
76561198144192181,Recommended,266510,21671161,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,???,It's fun.
,Recommended,266510,27558273,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hank Hill,well here is my GAME WITHIN A GAME AWARD
,Recommended,266510,14593269,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Alanis Tharon,"The way I see it, this game is like the best piece of dessert in the entire planet with a unique property.You have no idea that it *IS* the greatest tasting confectionry in history, but when you do consume some, your mind simply explodes with the indescribably wonderful flavor. But once you are finished with that bite, the memory of it fades, and you are left curious as to what it would taste like again. If you continue to consume it, you eventually finish it off, with none of it remaining, and you are left with only a stomach full of disappointment.The same applies to this artful game of chance, wonder, and imposing threat. When played in only single-run sessions, the curiosity remains as fresh as the day you bought this game. The possiblities of new events are ever enticing, to the point where you might lose sleep over the thought, ""What if I HADN'T given that peasant some food?""Overall, I'd have to say this was a very worthy purchase. Best $20 impulse buy since The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth."
76561198070542592,Recommended,266510,28694151,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Relax,good game
76561197998567877,Recommended,266510,12877477,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Temple,"What a refreshing and very enjoyable take on the Roguelike, Card game and RPG genre.  Tons of reputability as it has now with open mode, the way this initial campaign is setup they can add additional stories and cards at any time which will keep the game funded and provide many hours of adventure."
,Recommended,266510,31605214,Posted: 7 May,all,CaptainCornholio,There is a reason that I keep coming back to this game. It is fun
,Recommended,266510,31704037,Posted: 12 May,all,MugenSpirit,"Truly one of the best single-player games on the market, highly recommended. Very engaging mechanics, and its a refreshing new gaming experience."
,Recommended,266510,31351557,Posted: 24 April,all,thyme_balm,"An incredible blend of a CCG and a roguelike dungeon crawler. Enjoyable atmosphere, a narrator on par with Bastion, and combat reminiscent of the Arkham series. A complete steal for the price, get it while you can!"
76561198071932379,Recommended,266510,16569605,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,isstwo92,"It's really an awesome idea to make RPG and cardgame together. I'm happy to have lots of different quests to complete (which are also cards in game, GREAT)However the game control out of combat is a little annoying, I hope we could have:hotkey for ""no"", and...a better shop interfence to reduce the effort needed to do everythingin later patchsGood game, well done!"
,Recommended,266510,14627494,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Pile_O_Gunz,"Awesome game haven't seen anything else like it. Play through a randomized story generated by decks of cards representing enemy encounters, plot twists and equipment.  Fights with enemys take place in a  3d brawler style combat and you unlock more enemys/gear/encounters the further you go."
76561198078151690,Recommended,266510,14528554,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,biggn82,"This game is AWESOME! It's a new take on an RPG that I've never experienced, that and the create your own adventure part of it brings back memories of the books I read as a child. It mixes RPG/Card Game/Create Your Own Adventure so well, I am about half way through the story mode, have yet to touch the Endless Mode but I definitely will after I finish the story. I couldn't stop playing, I put 8 plus hours in straight, minus roughly 1 hour for a break I took to eat and watch a show.Basically how this game goes (its awesome) is you sit face to face with the guy who created the game essentially at a table, he opens his cabinet of boss enemies and you must take one boss out at a time. So each journey you unlock cards, weapons, armor, blessings etc etc that become part of your deck. You can build your deck between journies. One boss takes you through a journey where you'll face numerous enemies, mazes of death, merchants, people that need help, all kinds of things. You get a choice to whether or not you are good or bad or you will help or you won't. You'll be rewarded in some way, either way whether that's good or bad. That's the create your own adventure part, gives you control of what choices you make in the game and the consequences of those choices. It's very cool.What is also REALLY awesome is you actually do battle yourself when you come across enemies or a boss etc, the cards dont just animate the fight, you'll take control of your character and have to take on all the enemies yourself, it's really fun. So the character (which you can look at anytime in the inventory along with your other goodies/curses/blessings etc) will change his appearance based on what armor or weapons you have equipped. You can counter enemies when wielding a shield and get various items that do different things, different weapons, helmets, armor, braces etc that have different properties, it's quite cool.This game is worth every penny, I can't say enough about it, one of the best games I've played in a long while. I'm glad a friend of mine told me about it."
,Recommended,266510,11229713,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,God,"Has quite a bit of content for an early access game, has a good mix of D&D style RPG and action. Recommended."
,Recommended,266510,28089640,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,luckycharms8282,It's like- good and stuff. You should play it. The music and sound effects are well done. The Dealer is a handsome fella. You can smack goblins around to assert your dominance. There are druids.
76561197984129086,Recommended,266510,14585353,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Incognito2me,"So, so very good. 10/10!"
76561198011919680,Recommended,266510,14608059,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,DoubleYouSee,Anything anyone says good about this game is 100% true....and anything anyone says about this game thats bad is 100% stupidity 9 out of 10 times.10/10
76561198048074599,Recommended,266510,15040813,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,helgise96,wary good game worht the pay Mit take some time to get usd to but ones you are nothing will stap you. amy way look out for the ratsi give this game 4/5 but thats just my opinion :)
,Recommended,266510,14650858,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Hikelos,"Overall a very enjoyable experience.The story unfolds through the cards, giving little glimpses of a plot that the game leaves to your interpretation.The combat in itself is pretty basic, but then again, there sholdn't even be action combat in this kind of game, so it comes off as a very nice breath of fresh air from the standard rogue-like game.The soundtrack is pretty sweet, the sound effects are never exxagerated or annoying and the dealer's voice is just perfect.The only really bad side of this game is in the last 2-3 story runs:While the game ups its difficulty by adding new cards and mechanics and presenting you with choices for its full (very enjoyable) duration, the last runs, especially the final run, is completely based on RNG and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it. You try and die countless times until you finally get that perfect run where everything just runs smoothly.However, that is only true for the last story run, the whole game is really enjoyable and the Endless Mode gives some pretty nice replayability.[Possible Spoilers Do not read further]The game ends in the most abrupt manner.You beat the Dealer, screen goes black, you're back at the starting screen.No cheeky comment, no ending, no nothing.It ends so badly that i actually thought i experienced a glitch, that some cutscene of some sort just got jumped for some reason, but that doesn't seem to be the case.And honestly after the phisical torture that is the last Story Run, i at least wanted some insight on the Dealer, the Player, the game, something, ANYTHING, but it just didn't happen and it tastes so bitter."
,Recommended,266510,14627586,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,DoctorSmoke,"Sold gear for food, food stolen by goblins, CouldYouNot/10"
,Recommended,266510,17214763,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Stentaur,Never knew a title of a game could perfectly describe my sex life.
76561197984481085,Recommended,266510,14628717,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Wink,Very good game.Good voice over acting.  It moves along pretty fast.
,Recommended,266510,32716276,Posted: 24 June,all,Lochcelious,A masterpiece among games of all kinds while being a testiment to the power of all of said games.
,Recommended,266510,17801164,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Chamomile,"Further thoughts on drawing:Walter Annenberg has his millions. You, however, are able to draw a bunny. And who is to say in the long run which will be a greater benefit to humanity?"
,Recommended,266510,32836637,Posted: 26 June,all,Intelligence Dampening Core,"Sometimes it's a fully narrated card game, sometimes it's a choose your own adventure, sometimes it's an arkham-style arena fighter, but it's always awesome. I especially like the scenarios where you have to choose wisely and there's a token at stake. I really should have bought this a long time ago."
76561197972550948,Recommended,266510,14582829,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,NixNot,This game is like woah.
,Not Recommended,266510,28801227,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Human Error,"I loved this game at first, but the combat is TEDIOUS."
,Recommended,266510,18630260,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,playakillaz911,Best game evar
,Recommended,266510,14595705,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Kelsuis,keep dying still playing it will play it again
76561198019144644,Recommended,266510,14606824,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Blazerstrike,This game offers so much on different levels of enjoyment. I support this game and the Indie company for this gem of it's own.  I can see myself playing this for hours and wanting more and wll come back to continue. Highly enjoyable.
76561198056367793,Recommended,266510,14606152,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Kymat™,"the game is enjoable, and funIt is Luck bassed, when you pull that really good luck it brings an overwelming feeling of happines, and failier is sad, the combat is fun, some times it feel a bit clunky, but not to bad, but it is still good."
76561198025610900,Recommended,266510,14605729,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,akaButters,Quite a polished and interesting card roguelike. The graphics are nice for both the cards and the 3D action parts.
76561198055017547,Recommended,266510,21717205,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Kasiornis,1)Got Master Ring and Mithril Armor at first level2)Got 3 pain cards and lost all food3)Had only 22 hp and one card blocked my way to the Shop.4)This card was Kraken.10 Krakens of 10
,Recommended,266510,31408482,Posted: 27 April,all,Vemödalen,This game is pretty dope
,Recommended,266510,25202767,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Luxxor,Challenging and rewarding
,Recommended,266510,15474654,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,★UR mine★,Hey a card game!Bought it. Enjoyed it. Go join a Poker tourny like a pro holding axes and♥♥♥♥♥♥................get rekt in the end.10/10 would get rekt again.
,Not Recommended,266510,33068658,Posted: 30 June,all,Ted Sheeran,"While I find the non-combat portion of the game to be very enjoyable the fighting mechanics are in all honesty quite bland and boring. My main issue with this game is that before the final boss the fights are pretty much a right and left click simulater in which you basicaly only use mouse 1 except for the occasional dodge or counter. Then once you beat all entire game except for the final boss for some reason the game practically becomes dark souls. Even on the easiest setting the boss is rediculously hard. For me if it weren't for the stupid difficulty spike at the end I would 100% be able to overlook the slightly dull combat for the rest of the game, which I found very enjoyable. Don't buy unless you don't care about the combat portion of this game."
76561198019295601,Recommended,266510,33214955,Posted: 3 July,all,ZombieKilla,Innovative and fun
76561198314605475,Recommended,266510,33734067,Posted: 22 July,all,放开那只猫,良心作品，少有的官方中文字幕与配音，将动作游戏和卡牌游戏的玩法结合在一起，很有意思。，关卡设计也很有新意。希望以后有更多像这样关注中国游戏玩家市场的游戏出现！
,Recommended,266510,26307314,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sapphire,it's interesting.
,Recommended,266510,21042323,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Wetsz,Do you like cards? I like cards
,Recommended,266510,14552866,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Milky,"I started this game with a very low expectation. To my surprise this game is incredibly fun, the combat when prompted is similar to arkham or Shadows of Mordor but with its own twists. All round fun game well worth the price 10/10"
,Recommended,266510,14677131,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,[x] frozen0rb,Magnificently!
76561198051107981,Recommended,266510,33266767,Posted: 5 July,all,tokos,"Combat is just button mashing, nothing else. The rest is great tho if you're not irritated by luck"
76561198028615865,Recommended,266510,18650854,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,WHIP GAME LISA FRANK,it's good
76561198128133401,Recommended,266510,24105016,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dee,fun and worth all the money
,Recommended,266510,14922131,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Krevlornswath,"An excellent roguelite based on the idea of choice, chance, and consequence. Many players have commented on the increase in difficulty. This is true. But several people ignore the fact that it's about chance and consequence.One reviewer mentioned a card that makes you lose 66% of your max health. This is true. But you can ignore that completely and just not take the chance. If you do it and succeed though, you get a HUGE reward. There aren't any cards that just exist to kill you. There are many that exist that let you risk death for the prospect of reward, though."
76561198102348030,Recommended,266510,15680339,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Captain Tibbs,"The Arkham Combat System (ACS) is the weakest part of the game and highlighted by some of the relatively small arena spaces and somewhat stiff animations. However, every other mechanic of the game makes up for the ACS.Hand of Fate is an excellent, unique combination of gaming sytems that would best be described as the hidden mechanics of many videogame RPGs brought out and given a life via the cards and their 'choose your own adventure' dealer. The themes and art are great and the narration is fitting and well done. Aside from some personal issues with the ACS, I recommend this to anyone that is a fan of card games and Medieval-style RPGs."
,Recommended,266510,14628227,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,this_is_chris,"Hand of Fate is a really fun card game with beat 'em up elements. The game features two modes; Story and Endless. This will mostly be focused on Story, as I've not played Endless yet.The game is fairly simple; the dealer will lie down cards on the table and you will move your piece onto the cards. Sometimes, this is linear, but sometimes it isn't. Some cards will activate things like visiting a shop, encountering baddies to kill, traversing a maze or coming up against a situation where, of 4 cards, you must pick the ""Success"" card in order to win. You will have, at the bottom right, three ""stats"": your health, your food & your gold. Every move consumes 1 food, but you'll restore lost health. Gold is fairly self-explanatory.When you get an encounter card, you are placed onto a small plot of field where you will fight against monsters, ranging from goblins to skeletons, zombies and bandits. While variation is limited, it doesn't pull away from the experience. However, the fighting / combat is rather wonky; borrowing from the Arkham series, you will basically use WASD to move around and left click to attack. You cannot hard target a specific enemy, which can be a bit frustrating, but again, really doesn't affect the game greatly.Situation cards vary, from finding a weapon in a crevasse to saving someone from being swarmed by enemies. Successfully ""winning"" these situations nets you a token from the dealer. At the end, all of your accrued tokens are counted up and you are given specific rewards based on the tokens. For example, I was tasked with defeated a knight that had been overrun by some skeletons. Once I defeated them, he told me I could keep the mace I was given prior to the fight, as his kingdom was flush with them. Once I completed the level, his token rewarded me with 2 Mace cards.You progress through the 'levels' by travsering through the cards, finding that particular level's 'end card' and moving onto the next level. At the end of the final level, you will fight a boss. Defeating the boss gives you more tokens, which unlock things like weapons, armor, encounters and other varying cards.One of the coolest things this game offers is the Deck Builder. On one side, your deck has cards for Equipment; weapons and armor and trinkets. The other side are your encounters, from visiting shops to situations. If the card has a lock icon on it, that means it has a situation / encounter you've yet to face. Drawing & defeating that card will net you another token.Last but not least is the Dealer himself; an elderly mage who speaks to you throughout the game. His dialogue is superb and I found myself actively listening to what he had to say. The first level, I drew a card that had a goblin giving me a shield. The next level, I drew the card again and, in this very dry tone, he said ""I think you purposefully put that card in there just to get an early shield."" (or something to that effect) It's minor, but the fact he recognizes that made me smile.I know my hours played as of writing this is low (think it's barely 2 hours), but honestly - the game is immediately fun. The combat is a bit wonky, but everything else excels so well that I don't mind. It doesn't hurt that the game also looks really good & sounds pretty good, too. I can't wait to jump back into the game and have more fun with it. :)"
76561198082730311,Recommended,266510,15621227,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Rhodes,"I want to warn everyone who wants to have this game !The game starts awesome yet you will stop playing it once you reach 5th or 6th deck (level).The difficulty of the game increases immensely. Cards won't help you. You will die a lot and you will restart the deck which means you are going to kill everything that you killed previously. Then you will find yourself skipping everything (Cards ask you if you want to cross the river or not ? - Do you want the chest ? or not ?. I personally died a lot and started to click NO to every options to reach the boss fight in order to pass the level and have some other new features. Trust me it does not help !I need to be honest. I love the atmosphere, ideas and gameplay yet the game design gets too limited when you move further in this game. You play the same fights over and over. You pick the same cards over and over. Still I liked it yet I recommend you to wait for the sale to buy it ;)"
76561198055771469,Recommended,266510,26492389,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,minnow1776,"Very addictive game. The combat isn't that great, but it's functional enough for the rest of the game to work."
76561197988603510,Recommended,266510,29753281,Posted: 6 February,all,Zee Russian Samurai,Veeeery cool game!Great for when you want to relax a bit and play something different from the everyday lot.Can be quite difficult as a rogue like game should be and it is deffinitely worth the few coins.Very satisfying experience from this game
,Recommended,266510,34648402,Posted: 31 August,all,xXMrLiteralXx,"This might be one of my new favorite games. I only have like an hour in this game but, the combination of a CCG and an RPG just go SOOOO well in this game. This is one of my Top 20s"
,Recommended,266510,14604764,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Potato McGruff,"Deck Builder, Choose Your Own Adventure, and the Combat from Batman all had a baby and named it ""Hand of Fate"""
76561198038616833,Recommended,266510,29501147,Posted: 26 January,all,lame AKA $1.75,Good
,Recommended,266510,26062711,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[Soylent.Hero],Legendary Encounters: Albion
76561198055593926,Recommended,266510,14532257,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,DUW2PAG,"Fantasic game, i love card and turn based games and this adds a whole new element to this game style well worth the £15 asking price."
,Recommended,266510,28770978,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,sleepeh yukeh,"An excellet game. Simply put. I recieved this as a christmas present from my boyfriend and was instantly hooked until i managed to finish it.quick trait list: singleplayer, but the kind of game that's perfect for playing with someone watching, wether that be your girlfriend/partner, child, younger sibling or anything similar.witty dialogue and narrative. It's casually funny, you probably wont be coughing with laughter but it'll likely get you chuckling quite a bit. Depends on your sense of humour.Gameplay is quick, simple and yet unforgiving - its as easy to slip up and die as it is to spam down squads of enemies with repetitive, effective attacks.THE GAME:The game is a bit similar to Hand of Fate, though with more world-wandering and less decision making. Each level has multiple paths you can take to reach the goal.It may also resemble rogue-lites like FTL.Plot: The game has a surprisingly fun plot behind it. I wont say too much to avoid spoiling it, but if you're a fan of time-traveling (or seeing into the future) you are going to like it.The game has very fluid gameplay, with a few, luckily minor bugs. The art style resembles the ""golden age"" of video games, that is to say games between 1990 and 2010. Very charming art style, amazing narrator (that comments randomly from time to time, on almost all your actions - even just spinng around in circles.)The game is also CHOCK FULL OF REFERRENCES! It draws many parallels to Star Wars, while referencing a plethora of other video games and movies - both more modern games and older movies alike.Very intelligent writing, witty and light-hearted. At the same time, the events that happens and the story itself is hypocriticaly dark for such a light-hearted narration. The gameplay itself has a style that could fit for a game playable by most ages (think the newer spyro trilogy, before the series went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ and features a somewhat restricted but still fun crafting system, akin to games like Jak & Daxter and Sphinx.There are A LOT of different endings here. I wont spoil."
,Recommended,266510,31544067,Posted: 4 May,all,Barik Morloc,"I actually have ALOT more hours on this game. This game is GREAT! Mixes Rogue-like, TCG, ARPG, and stratedgy.... such a good refreshing game!.edit* Haha someone's been down voting every single one of my reviews.... u mad cause I endorsed a game you didn't enjoy? Yah I gave a glowing review for an average game... obvisiosly the guy for the game i'm reffering to is an indie dev and has put alot of work and love into his game. I on purposely gave him a great review as I was the first person to review it and wanted him the best starting chance for success."
,Recommended,266510,23444665,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,T A Y L O R,"While it gets bone-crushingly hard towards the end, making you go back to grind for specific card upgrades that are just hard to live without, everything up to that point is very enjoyable and while the combat isn't standout, its still fun and satisfying enough. Great visual style, narration, and framing device of the whole game with the dealer as well."
,Recommended,266510,23907855,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Silenos,"This is a brutal but honest game, you evaluate the risk and reward of every action. Which means, you can spend hours thinking about 1 choice cause it could be the end of you. Those horrible triple failure cards that somehow narrowly escape hitting failure and triple success where only 1 would be failure and somehow still end up on it.The loot system, that makes you think about wheter or not you should pick this or that item. At one point i sold my really bad shield to afford an item and i felt like it was the right choice even tho having no shield is very difficult.Angry mobs, oh how i dispise you. But even with all it's rage inducing aspects, a cruel but fair game. a little heavy on rng, but it means when you succeed you feel imensely empowered. THE SHEER RUSH IS WORTH IT. And every defeat is soulcrushing.Somehow you can still come out on top, out of the most horrible circumstances. Well done indeed.It marriages the aspects of card/item porn, and engages you from the storyteller as he guides you trough an almost boardlike experience.10 out of 10, would play untill i cannot stomach anymore. Which would take a very very long time. Worth every penny on sale."
76561198315626015,Recommended,266510,34996384,Posted: 16 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Switches between card game and hack-and-slash. Fun, challenging, and replayable."
76561198185264277,Recommended,266510,25638460,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,voodooseeker,"I was searching for something new to play instead of all the same online battle games. Then I saw 'Hand of Fate' and thought - hmm that looks interesting and the graphics aren't bad.....so I bought it and started playing.In the begining I thought, OMG - I'll never learn / understand this concept of game - BUT after the first 3-4 rounds I couldn't stop playing. It's really entertaining if you are into fantasy / role-card-game / adventure story."
76561198014666590,Recommended,266510,17518788,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Warstrich,"Honestly, it does not feel much like a card game, probably because you never really get to interact with the cards or make meaningful choices with them, except for when you're editing the deck. It plays and feels more like a randomly generated dungeon crawler, with you being able to alter the probability of various instances in the dungeon, through deck maniplation. And with some Arkham-style combat thrown in, for good measure. But acknowledging is not demereting the game, as the systems being used, and the gameplay, is very enjoyable and presented in an interesting fashion."
,Recommended,266510,14540141,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,IsCoolGuy,"Awesome Game!Move around a random level made of cards. Make it to the bottom level to beat the boss. Unlock more cards to beat the next boss, or try again with new items.It may sound like a grind, but it's far from it. It plays like FTL with a D&D feel.Choices have to be made during an encounter and the ""dice"" is ""rolled"" by chosing one of four cards which sometimes have:""Huge Success, Success, Failure, and Huge Failure""Combat plays like Shadow of Mordor in small level area.10/10 (-.2 eww there was a spider on the table)"
,Recommended,266510,16775071,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Questionable Intent,"A must-have rogue-like in a completely new format. Also features a ""campaign"" with stacked decks and bosses. The only downside I feel are 3d animations that just aren't great."
76561198020586501,Recommended,266510,14604674,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Scribbles,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is amazing. I haven't played a game that's sucked me in like this for a while.
76561198037567013,Recommended,266510,27829102,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,bubu,Awesome game. Combines different mechanics and each game dont take too long
,Recommended,266510,14555465,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,DeadlyDanDaMan,This game is a true masterpiece of creation!! WHY ARE READING THIS!! GET THE GAME NOW!!!
,Recommended,266510,21466182,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,GiantPlaidSquirrel,Everything is great! only way to make it better is to geet more cards
76561198067311562,Recommended,266510,17763393,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,the.one.eyed,Fun
76561198064480010,Recommended,266510,31472673,Posted: 30 April,all,Tom Renegade,"I made a full video review in case you want more then just ""it is a good game""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgjLt3mBcKIHope you enjoy! :)"
,Recommended,266510,14527673,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,GamerLEN,"This is one of those rare gems that really gets my attention.The concept is magnificent, blurring the lines as to whether you're someone playing a card game or an adventurer trapped in a game itself. The narration by the dealer is wonderful, some of the best voice acting I've heard in a while and it perfectly fits the setting. The art on both the cards and the game itself is excellent, evoking a fantasy world where the line between reality and imagination is a thin one indeed. I finished the first challenge and popped out long enough to write this, but I am most certainly diving right back in as soon as I do.The whole game feels like something out of an old fairy tale, or perhaps something that a writer like Neil Gaiman would create. I can see myself spending a LOT of time with this one.I do have a couple minor quibbles, but that's not with the game itself so much as the fact that it seems Steam is a bit weird with it just yet. I opened the Steam Dashboard during gameplay, but the top and bottom parts of the dashboard remained when I returned to it. There's a couple issues with the PC it seems yet, but as this game just came out I don't doubt they'll be fixed in short order.All in all if you're a fan of high fantasy and want something that really scratches that itch this game is definitely on the top of my list to recommend to you. Well done indeed.http://lenwolfgamer.tumblr.com/post/143147574202/hand-of-fate"
76561198026506133,Recommended,266510,20300290,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Clueless,"Batman-style combat meets Choose Your Own Adventure, card and board games. Worth aa shot.Master's narrating might get repetitive, but it'll take awhile before it becomes grating. Gear is pretty varied as well, you can definitely build on your own style.""Regardless of who wins, know, that I enjoyed the game."""
76561198089810748,Recommended,266510,20333478,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Danielboxin,"Think DnD mixed with RPG combat style and some rougelike elements and you have a basic idea what this game is.The idea is creative, the graphics are very well done and it works suprisingly smoothly.The game itself has some elements I was looking for in MMORPG games for far too long, like ministories that reveal themselves only when you successfully beat something that has nothing to do with the main story (or anything, really) and it is great to see a game that uses these mechanics so well.To me it is a surprise that virtual card games can be so engaging. Only problem with the game is that sometimes when entering a battle the crashes, but even that is not such a big deal since the progress is saved for every card you complete.I would totally buy a set of these cards in real life. With some dice and small changes like not saying the same text every time you get the same card this would make a great bored game."
76561197994703893,Recommended,266510,20302777,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Deano,"A terrific card game with RPG elements.  The game has a wonderful atmosphere and special mention must go to the voice acting from the narrator!The game is of course by nature luck based, but is extremely compulsive and something I would thoroughly recommend to anybody looking for a change of pace from action games, or just something a little different."
,Recommended,266510,20362660,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Riouxthless,This game turned out better then I was expected. Though I feel like there not as much deck building as it advertises. Combat is a little clunky but better then the videos suggest. If you good at the cup and ball game you'll have an advantage at comming out of encounters ahead of the game.
,Recommended,266510,20391605,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Tropical Dad,I just want more! I can't stop playing no matter how many times the dealer takes a♥♥♥♥♥♥on my face.MORRRREEEEE!!!!!
,Recommended,266510,20286120,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,derari,The game wouldn't be half as fun without the snarky comments of the dealer.
,Recommended,266510,20309813,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,dylanhanks,"This game is very satisfying. Story telling, chance, and combat are beautifuly woven together to create good gameplay."
,Recommended,266510,20308261,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,chelmy,Pleaze translate the dlc
76561197970907426,Recommended,266510,20341183,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Skro,"The game is definitely worth the price.Everything looks exetremely well done: starting from the SUPERB voice of the Deckmaster to the well polished mechanics and brawl combat style (Shadow of Mordor/Batman) to the great variety of the cards and deck customization.The game feels a bit easy at the very start but after you've faced and defeated the Jack of Skulls you realize that the game is not a walk in the park (especially if played hard mode)I'm still playing with the suggested decks for each mission, as it's the fastest way to learn the newly unlocked cards... but I'll start fiddling with my deck as soon as possible to test new combinations and different playthruHighly recommended!Defintely a hidden shiny jewel!"
76561198033866805,Recommended,266510,20389351,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,h0b0king,"Hand of Fate is a good game, the simple brawler mechnics of the combat sequences are fun and challenging enough, like a slightly harder version of the Arkham/Batman games with far fewer variables or moves.  The narrator is amusing, the graphics cartoonish in a lovely way that pops on the screen totally appropriate for a game that is within a game.The basic conciet of the game though is pretty briulliant - the player is playing cards against the enigmatic narrator who is some sort of dyspeptic frog voiced oracle or wizard. He's fun enough and he has new quips for most new cards, but I could I can see a DLC with a different dealer being profoundly satisfying - say a urbane devil, petulant child or defeatist death.  The card came is itself an adventure, with the randomly selected (you can build the decks though - within certian limits) card laid down and most cards offering a garphic of a charming woodblock image, a paragraph and a choice.  most selections lead to a pick and choose mechnic where four cards representing degrees of success and failure are shuffled monty style and the player picks one.  Other cards lead to combat.  In general when the player is successful with a card they gain a token that's convereted to another card at the end of each game.  Thus as one plays more and more choices are added.  It's fun, and for an ""unlock"" method of providing content feels very natural.Despite that praise, I almost gave this gave a thumbs down because even now, long after release (and to the developers' credit the seem to keep adding cards and content) the game seems to suffer from technical issues.  It lags, it slows and it crashes with alarming regularity on my laptop - which while no gaming machine is well above the minimum specs.  This isn't a general set of errors, more a steady degradation of capability culminating in multi minute load times for combat sequences or simply sudden crashes in the combat engine.  Whatever the cause these errors, they make the game frustratingly unplayable - becauase I want to play it and it's a good game.I'm still giving it a positive rating here because when it does work (and sometimes it's fine) it's a very fun, very smart game."
,Recommended,266510,20443699,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jake Salvage,"I ONLY KIND OF RECOMMEND THIS GAME WITH THESE CAVEATS:I do NOT recommend paying 25 dollars for it (which is the going price as of the writing of this review.)I've put a good 30 hours into it so far, and I think after beating the final challenge, I'll be done with it until there is more DLC or a HoF2. Once you've completed the encounters, there's really only a few variants in Endless mode that are somewhat interesting, but I don't think I'll be playing through them all, as they consist of encounters I've seen a million times.The gameplay consists of a randomly dealt and organized map of cards which you traverse. When you complete encounter cards, you get tokens, which unlock new items, encounters, and more, which pertain to the cards defeated. The difficulty of these encounters ramps up very quickly and sometimes seem impossible with their ridiculous requirements, which bank almost soley on your luck in drawing the right encounters previously.This is a huge problem, as a lot of the encounters rely on luck rather than skill. The bigger problem is, a lot of skill portions rely on how well your luck is at picking success cards in those encounters (if you can't play Four Card Monte and follow the Success cards, you will not enjoy this game). It took me a lot of grinding to finish a lot of the encounter cards, and as of right now, I still have not beaten the main Story mode, because you are restricted by the curses you are given when you enter a level, and the last boss has ridiculously overpowered curses that make the last level about luck rather than challenge.The combat in this game is similar to the Batman Arkham games, which is cool, and very close to as smooth as those games. But the VERY limited enemy selection and TRUE boss battles (not just better versions of main enemies) makes this tedious over time. The selection of weapons gets bigger as you finish more encounters, but as you are given them randomly during play, a perfect loadout is left to chance, which is mostly ok, considering a perfect loadout would make you practically invincible, but not ok when you end up with nothing at the end of a dungeon because of a poorly placed random chance card.I purchased this game when it was on sale for 9.99, and I think at that price, it's worth it. If you are someone who enjoys a challenge, this is a very challenging game, but the challenge is mixed in with a fair amount of true unfairness, which I think sometimes is confused for challenge.Just know that this will be frustrating as all get-out."
76561198139311549,Recommended,266510,20474338,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,chenyan6688,挺好玩的，要素挺多，还可以满足收集癖。。。
,Recommended,266510,20310084,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Madlore,"An interesting blend of traditional rpgs, deckbuilding, and realtime hack-n-slash combat. A very winning combo combined with the mysterious charm and character of the dealer, a big win in my book!"
,Recommended,266510,20459312,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,bulgarianBarbarian,"Probably my favorite game of 2015. Dungeon crawler with card games. The Dealer's voice totally makes this. Not completely replayable, but there is some of that via infinite mode and unlocking items/encounters. I easily sunk 60 hours into this."
76561198041324282,Recommended,266510,20492655,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Robbus,"I picked this one out on sale cause i thought it would be a good addition to my rogue-like collection turned out to be more then great i got hooked on it. The replayability is pretty high in my opinion since most other rogue-likes are meant to be clean and simple, and some publishers make fps and different kinds of rogue-like elemented games but most of them can feel very cheap even if with lack of textures or that feeling to want to start over when you die a couple of times, this one on the other hand oh well ill have some explaining to do.first of its a card game, dont get me wrong its not just a card game ill get into more detail soon, so you start of with your basic cards against this anonymous and rather mysterious man who gives you enemies to fight and adventures to explore and each card is rather unique and have some ''chance'' in them wich he gives you four random cards to choose from such as success,huge success, failur, and huge failure depending on what you get in the situation of the card you are bound to make profit of it or fail miserably and loose something.You do get to make your own deck out of three possibilities you get your weapon deck where you pick weapons you like or even new once and just throw a bunch of them into a deck, then you have your charekter deck this kind of counts as a difficulty system where each charekter has perks and effects the difficulty of the gameplay there are a few classes you can get wich are dlc's and this game is totally worth buying them for but if you are still thinking wether or not you should buy then i reccomand buying it on sale and get those dlc's cheap but the price of 25$ is a low bargain for the content in my opinion and should totally be in your inventory unless your broke,Anyways theres also a third one and this one is interesting indeed, you get to pick your encounters and adventures in this one, now when you start the game you start of with a first boss there are 12 in total and you get a randomly generated card placement on the board, you move your charekter along those cards and use 1 suplie for each movement you make and regenerate some health along each movement when you lend on a card you will read your encounter and he will interact with each card you land on he has a rather awsome voice wich keeps you interested at every step so as i mentioned you can land on acts wich you must either counter by ignoring or trying to escape or take the high roll and accept requests from a stranger or offer somthing for a totally random aproach from the person, there are people who can be trusted and not and its up to you to decide about that.now in some occasions he will offer you a token for some encounters and if you do them successfully he will give it to you, hell just whip it out and throw that stuff right into your very own bowl and you'll get to open them even if you die or beat the whole playthrough, now the tokens can be opened after the game and you will recieve random brand new cards to your collection wich you can add in for your next playthrough so after a few playthroughs you will end up having a bunch of new cards and you'll have so many options to make so much stuff to add and to explore.Now we get to the sweet part when you get ambushed wether its from a failure of a card or if its a card wich triggers a fight you get into a battle and are given all the equipment that you start with or if you have found some weapons in a story or just when you went on a stroll it will go onto your charekter and you''ll enter a fight where you control your own charekter and you can use weapon abilities on some of them wich will may aid you in battle, if you have a shield you can counter attacks wich is really helpful, really if you dont have a shiled its just going to make the fight harder so be sure to have one, you can also have abilities with alot of verity. the battle system in this game is really fun and the game runs smoothly.now after you beat up and smash your way to victory you'll encounter the boss wich will always have unique abilitiesor enemies to aid him/her, after you beat him you will recieve a token and you'll get the chance to open/break all the tokens you have earned throughout the run, after you beat three bosses you will always be awarded with an item of his wich will both give you benefits and make the game harder at the same time, and the mysterious man will always be more and more irritable and nervous, but hes an awsome guy non the less and will always be found likable in any situations.This sums up some of my experience with the game it has much to offer and discover and is probably one or of if not my favorite game at the moment. Im really pleased that i got my hands on this gem i give it a 10/10 dont just sit there buy it! :-)"
76561197994490550,Recommended,266510,20544262,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Grimvarr,"Hand of fate is a Dungeons & Dragons inspired card game with hack 'n slash combat. As you progress through the game and solve quests, more cards become unlocked for you to bolster your deck with. Your opponent, or Dungeon Master, sits across you and deals you the cards as the game unfolds, offering comments, threats, and wry observations as you play.Combat is fast paced and feels good and different blessings and curses you accrue over the course of the game influence your tactics both in and out of combat. As you solve quests, deal with demons, or help the innocent on your journey, the DM awards you with coins. When you die, and you will die, the coins are shattered and give you new encounters, weapons, armour, and blessings to fill your deck with. But beware, for as you grow in strength, so do your adversaries.Your deck is the permanent feature of the game. The cards you unlock carry over from one game to the next. Each game you play is like a new adventure. In this respect it kind of reminds me of FTL: Faster than Light, although death isn't nearly as certain in Hand of Fate than it was in FTL (unless you play Endless Mode).It's compelling, beautiful, and very more-ish. As every individual game is highly influenced by chance, very few games are similar. There are weapons I have yet to use because I haven't drawn them in a game yet, even though I unlocked them many games before. No game sees you go through your entire deck, so you never quite know what to expect, or when to expect it.TLDR Pro's & Con'sPRO:Great atmosphereRandom factor (no game ever quite the same)Persistent rewardsGood solid combatFeels rewarding (even if you don't win)Multiple questlines that you play through 'simultaniously' over the course of many gamesCON:Random factor (sometimes the deck is just stacked against you)No direct control over your starting equipmentMouse hover-over selection doesn't always work quite right (sticks to first option) so you have to make sure you have the right selection highlighted before making a choiceI highly recommend this game. This is the closest I've seen a PC game come to capturing the feeling of playing an actual table-top card game with someone."
76561198019388822,Recommended,266510,20537851,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Optometrist Prime,I bought this game when it was on sale without really researching what the game was like and only went off of the pictures that were on steam but I am still glad that I purchased this game because I found out that the game is extremely fun. The main mechanic that I like about the game is the randomised events that are represented by the cards which I find makes the game similar to Darkest Dungeon which is another game that I find extremely fun to play.
,Recommended,266510,20590479,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ctoefield,"I really like this game. I think though that there should have been a couple of things done to improve on the game.1. Character Customization: I like to be able to choose between male and female characters. It would also be nice if you could change hairstyles, hair color, starting clothing and skin tone.2. Different Fighting styles: I really appreciate the Arkham-style combat but there should be more then just fighting in the typical sword and shield style. (Duel-Wield, Two-Handed Weapons, etc)All in all I think this game has a unique and fun experience and I think those tweaks would make it a lot more enjoying game."
76561197990399454,Recommended,266510,21655461,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rixoli,"As someone that doesn't normally like card games? This is an excellent title. It doesn't focus on the ""Trading Card"" mechanics in the fashion you normally see in alot games where cards are the biggest driver behind how the game functions. The cards instead allow you to essentially fashion your own dungeon, allowing you to play the way you want to, with the 'dealer' (AI) adding in his own cards to spice things up. Rather than a coin-toss or RNG for encounters where something is handled outside of combat, you are given the choice of 4 cards, Huge success/failure or normal success/failure, with the number of each varying between different encounters (for example, 50/50 success/failure or 3/1 failure/success ratios). The nice thing about this is that, for players with a fine eye for observation, you can actually watch and see which of these 4 cards land where, there is also equipment that will highlight one of the failures in these 4 options.Its...KIND'VE akin to a boardgame, but at the same time it is also a third-person action RPG. Whenever you come upon an encounter that requires you to fight you are dropped into 3rd person view with all the gear/bonuses you have equipped. Combat style is akin to a mix between Fable and Assassin's Creed. Dodging heavy attacks (which become far more frequent as you get into harder runs or further in endless mode) or countering when a marker pops up over an enemy's head. Despite the heavy 'telegraphing' (icons/warnings when an attack is incoming), combat doesn't feel as simplistic as it is in Assassin's creed, where 90% of all fights can be won by simply waiting for a counter then pummeling your enemy while he is stunned.Recent updates/free DLC content (as of the 5th of March, 2016) added numerous extra encounters, equipment and certain 'profiles' for lack of a better term (the exact name for them escapes me now). These new 'profiles' offer both unique challenges and bonuses for playstyle. For example, there IS an 'easy' mode now, where you gain substantial bonuses, but many achievements will not be accessible while playing on that profile. Whereas on the 'hard mode', you gain an increase in counter attack damage, but combat moves far quicker, enemies do more damage and you start with 20% less health. One last example (of the more 'unique' profiles) is 'merchant guard'.Throughout each 'run', players can earn gold coins to gain food (1 food per movement restores health, each time you move WITHOUT food however, you LOSE health), this can be refilled in encounters or at shops littered throughout. One of the profiles requires you to go to each and every shop on the board before you can move to the next part of the board. While shops offer everything cheaper, you ALWAYS have to fight before you enter the shop, and ambushes are far more frequent.Overall, I feel it is a refreshing change of pace from many RPGs on the market lately, that being said, I will decline from giving this game a 1-10 rating, however for those that are looking to step outside the norm, but love fast-paced combat, I would highly recommend Hand of Fate.﻿"
,Recommended,266510,20467223,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Chompski,"A very successful blend of tabletop gaming and hack n slash fighting, The in-combat characters could use a bit of variety. ""Hellhounds"" are just rats with a fire like texture over the top. That is my only gripe with it other than i've only played 4 hours and I've over half completed the story.Make no mistake though, the developers did an amazing job creating such a unique game and the positives FAR outweigh any negatives I can think of, and the sheer amount of possibility with the different types of cards/decks make for great replay value though the main story does feel a bit short.Many different types of cards to play with. The ability to create your own decks for each run and the overwhelming feeling that you are playing for something much larger than mere cards and reward but for so much more, will you become the next dealer? Let the games begin."
76561198095494927,Recommended,266510,20560019,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Zermiunt Zerm,very good and interesting game. Wanted it from pre-anonsiation
76561197987193738,Recommended,266510,20596917,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Swamptin,"I'm not sure what to say. The dungeons are laid out as a string of cards, each being an encounter of some description. The Dealer is well voice acted and an evil genius, The brawler, which you enter when you encounter enemies, is good. Combat could be better, but you're never in it for very long. I have a strong feeling that this is a game I will come back to again and again and again."
76561198069862135,Recommended,266510,20469244,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,RevenantOcelot,A solid 5/7
,Recommended,266510,28691908,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MALD,"A very original game that can keep you busy for a while. The combat is really easy at first, but it gets better over time. If you can get this game for $5, you should definitely buy it."
,Recommended,266510,14526920,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Grif,"Best game I've played in a while, beat 5 out of 12 bosses in one sitting. I have that itch to play more, but bed time calls. Seriously get this game, a fantastic twist/fable feel on an rpg board game."
,Recommended,266510,34546516,Posted: 28 August,all,Orewamitch,"Got it from Steam Sale! I was actually anticipating the console release for this game a couple of years ago but somehow forgotten it. Alas, I'm back to PC gaming and I'll be damned, I purchased the game in a heart's beat when I saw it on store and got reminded of how I badly wanted to play it."
76561197986715648,Recommended,266510,21658246,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,KaossoaK,"I recommend this game, but there are a couple of things that are seriously irritating. The camera view when you are fighting or going through traps cannot be moved, so you cannot see what is all around you. I have died a few times because of it. The other is that when you start the game, if you have two monitors set up, the game shows up on my left screen instead of my right like all other games do. I am not sure what causes it, but it is irritating.Otherwise, this game is very fun and unique as an RPG/Card game. The stories are interesting and the story teller and his personallity is great."
,Recommended,266510,32628060,Posted: 21 June,all,thainen,"A combination of action-RPG with a randomly generated choose-your-own-adventure book. The action part is not so great: it's bearable, but monotone and tedious. Fortunately, you have much more to do than just fight, and the quest of unlocking new cards as you complete the old gives you a wonderful text-based rogue-light experience."
76561197979969103,Recommended,266510,29174148,Posted: 10 January,all,Kiros,"Great until the end game climax is crushed by a quicktime event out of no where, insta game over, FU, trololol, get rekt, start over, #dickmove."
76561198272144227,Recommended,266510,29276014,Posted: 15 January,all,pralibel,"This game is the ****. If you like these kinds of board-game like RPGs, you'll love this. All in all, fantastic game!"
,Recommended,266510,18606888,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Captain k'nuckles,Rules and Guidelines.
,Recommended,266510,14601314,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Cpt. Facetime,"Before computers there were cards,This game is a nice blend of the two genres.A must have"
,Not Recommended,266510,17592992,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Deceased Crab,"There's a lot of content in this game. There are tons of items and events to unlock, and there's a lot of good combat. I sank over 41 hours into this game, and most of that was probably grinding for trying to unlock specific cards. But it suffers from a couple serious design flaws.I appreciate the giant random element in the game, but when the difficulty ramps up about 7 bosses in, it makes a very large difficulty spike. Some of the dungeon curse combinations are punishingly difficult.There are cards which are close to impossible to beat unless you beat them early enough in the game. These can include Devil's Wager and The River.Too many of the encounters require you to either have  a ridiculous amount of gold or food, or require you to do a lengthy quest chain to unlock new cards. The random chance issues in some of these later encounters can make them ridiculously difficult to complete.By the end of the game, pain cards can aggregate to the point where you get insta-killed from max HP if you have enough curses. It happens.Do not ever quit the game in the middle of a run. Normally it will save your spot, but if the developers decide to patch the game, it can delete any in-progress runs you have going. The code to prevent that is simply to hard for them to implement, due to poor design choices. Just don't leave runs in-progress, as the developers should not be trusted.The dealer is usually funny, tends to get annoying when he runs out of new things to say and just repeats himself over and over. There were also issues with prejudiced and thoughtless dialogue of his which have since been patched out.The DLC isn't all that expensive, and it unlocks character classes for your protagonist, each which has its own quest chain, but each class has its own benefits and drawbacks. Some of the classes are ridiculously overpowered in certain fields, which kind of makes the DLC ""pay to win"".The graphics and controls are okay, usually. A couple of glitches here and there, and sometimes the controller seems unresponsive until a couple seconds after a battle has begun. That's no good.The developers have an unfortunate habit of ""rebalancing"" cards, moving around their place in the unlock system or difficulty levels they show up on, and completely changing the way the later dungeons work, and not for the better. This is the sort of negative developer behavior that similarly plagued Dark Souls II.The overall experience is marred by a couple of bad design choices."
,Not Recommended,266510,20403255,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mrmotinjo,"Starts off spectacularly, then turns into a grind-fest of horrible guessing games and 10 minute long fights that lead to failing events even if you win them (my hand still hurts after a Lost Island 2 fight with mutineers, almost 10 minutes vs the King of Dust, which I barely won with default equipment, only for the game to proclaim I failed the quest anyways).While the concept is splendid, the game becomes almost impossible after a while.I am afraid I cannot recommend this game in its current state."
76561197969148485,Not Recommended,266510,14718694,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Dragon,"This game is based on a clever idea - a turn-based card game with mini-arpg battles mixed in.But the gimmick wears off after a couple hours.Many of the ""chance"" card choices you are required to make with increasing frequency later in the game don't really seem fair, and the penalties for not getting lucky are very harsh.  While this is somewhat entertaining in the beginning of the game, it can be frustrating to the point of making the game unplayable later on.Overall, I wish the game had a lot more fighting, and a lot less hoping to get lucky through picking arbitrary cards.  This is really the only mechanic that gives the game replay value; in that you hope you won't get terribly unlucky to make it to the next level."
,Recommended,266510,15455867,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,CombatArcay,Only 20 minutes in.Just saying... BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,266510,16216888,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Tatsur0,Magic meets Fable meets Dungeon Crawler / Rougelike. Each game is unique and a lot of fun while quite addicting!
76561198065926635,Recommended,266510,12616247,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Mulqueeny,"This game is brilliant and I beleive it's only just began to scratch the surface of it's true potential.It's basically fable meets D&D meets a card game!The story is played out as different cards are placed onto the table, the further through the game you progress and the more cards you get the more random and wide spread the events will become, coming across less of the same card events in each playthough.I would hope that the game developers would put a 2 player co-op into the game which would be fun to play with friends. But this is not exactly a deal breaker.A workshop for this game with card creators for quest and dungeons would also be Great!Although the combat is slightly clunky the game is a very enjoyable experience.I would recommend buying this game even in it's Early access state, it's just good fun."
,Recommended,266510,14595068,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Wally,♥♥♥♥ing Tsundere card dealer giving me♥♥♥♥♥♥cards
76561197974463258,Recommended,266510,14579372,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Prowlinger,An amazingly brilliant game... I am not a card game player... but this had me hooked right from the beginning! It is fun and random and your fate is your doing...   I will certainly buy more DLC for this wildly addictive game!!!  A++++
,Recommended,266510,14586688,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,S|King -iwnl-,A true gem
76561198007579261,Recommended,266510,18986031,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Bomoo,"I haven't written a review for this game yet? Whaaat. Well, it's pretty ♥♥♥♥in' great. Very hard to nail down exactly how it plays, as you might imagine, but let's say it's a card-driven, sorta 80s/90s board game-styled, randomly generated action-adventure game... with combat strongly inspired by the Arkham batman titles. Recent patches and expansion content (some of it free!) have further built upon this very strong foundation by adding new cards of all types, and introducing entirely new difficulties and game modes.If the images on the store page, and this recommendation, at all intrigue you, I'd strongly suggest taking the game for a spin. If by some unlikely chance you don't like it, there's always the refund option. But you won't need to because it'sradical."
76561197973490554,Not Recommended,266510,17015873,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,xsvenom,"IMO it is sloppy. The game concept is fantastic, the graphics are nice. The camera angle can be very annoying. The luck you have with cards may not be too good. The price could be even cheaper. It is a fun game if you can snag it on a super sale. Its a bit too hard for me, the control seems a little off at times. Maybe it just needs a fix. As for now I'm moving on to another game. Sorry folks, this was a tough call. I really wanted to give it a thumbs up. I'm sort of leaning toward thumbs down ATM. Maybe if they give it a patch or two. The thumb down is for the wonky control."
76561198007231851,Not Recommended,266510,17121282,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Doune,"It´s not a game, it´s all about luck, luck and well luck. There are no tactics or something like that. Even if you are skilled enough to win every encounter without being hit a single time, you will still loose. Of Starvation or simple becouse the game wants you to die.The game looks well done the first hour or two, but sooner or later you will realise: You are not skilled oder unskilled, it´s all about luck and not even as fair or fun as classic gambling games."
76561198002494306,Recommended,266510,14642101,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,BOSS NIGGA,Narz recommended and i liked this game.roguelike+board like game10\10
76561198001893242,Recommended,266510,12620280,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,MAGA MAN,"A very unique card game that transports you from the table into adventures/battles that are somewhat randomly generated by the cards that are dealt. The game itself oozes style and originality and is executed very well. I felt myself helplessly and gladly being drawn in by the great atmosphere, music, and voice acting that is top notch and very appropriate for the game.I've only came across minor bugs as one would expect in an early release that were admittedly annoying at times. The game in its current state has an unrelenting learning curve that comes out of nowhere after the first few bosses. I also felt the combat tutorial was somewhat lacking as it didn’t explain everything you can do such as ground executions.Other than these minor qualms I highly recommend buying it. I was very pleasantly surprised by how fun this game is to play and I look forward to future releases."
,Recommended,266510,11133849,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Geoff,"I've barely put any time into this, but it's already a fun game. Worth $25? Not sure, give me a few more hours before I say it is. My only annoyance is there is NO WAY TO TURN THE SOUND DOWN.That's a pain for video making."
76561198066324419,Recommended,266510,14520477,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,iRod,"Original, visually impressive and interesting, fun, and all at a low price. It's that simple. I didn't even know this game existed until today, but it's one of those ""glad I stumbled upon this one!"" kind of games."
76561197967070224,Recommended,266510,14413574,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Darkstar,an interesting mix of rogue-like elements card-based board game and 3rd person brawler. 8.7-ish/10.
76561197983545926,Not Recommended,266510,20982282,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,FudoAkira,"I like the concept of the game, but the game itself is not very fun to play. The deck building and storytelling is a cool mix, but then the inevitable combat that's like a bad version of the Prince of Persia or the Arkham games comes along. It feels like your character is slogging through muck and the prompts from enemies are comically easy to counter.If you like super casual games, this is a good choice for you."
,Not Recommended,266510,34565457,Posted: 28 August,all,fantasy jimmy john's,Personally the not great combat gets tedious once you reach the middle point. Just get the sequel or board game
,Recommended,266510,14544604,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Rend,"I don't write reviews often, but i started writing this for my friends on facebook and accidently reviewed it.So here is my very positive review.Guys, If you ever wanted a game that supports Australia in the game development industry. I cant stress this enough.GET HAND OF FATE.This game is amazing.Created by Defiant Development, this game mixs a table top card game with a top down action rpg.After the tutorial, you have to edit your deck (or use a reccomended preset) and in doing this you choose what encounters, shops, weapons, armor and enchantments will be randomly drawn throughout the game.These items get reset every game, but you add to the total cards in the deck. Which means you have wider variety to build a play deck with.Each floor consists of face down cards. These are encounters. You have to move your token across these, one after another, down the depths to find the boss at the end of the dungeon.This part is similar to Nethack.Each time you touch a new card, you have to decide how to deal with it.Be it scaling down a cliffside to reach a weapon or an angry mob wanting to steal your food.Resources!In this you have 3 resources.First, obviously, is your health. This is gained each time you move or take a heal action through an encounter. Maximum health can be gained or lost through different successes or failures. Lose all of this and you have lost the game.Second. Food.Food is used to move. Consuming 1 food per movement. There are events in this where you can lose or gain food, sometimes lose all of it too, very harsh as i learned.If your food has fallen to 0 then every movement will cost -10 health.Food is gained through combat, gain cards or shops.Third. Gold.What dungeon crawler would exist without the treasure?Gold is used to shop with, buy off bribes or charity through events.Gold can be stolen from you and you can also gain it through events or combat.Now, this gets better. because you have a full inventory.Head, Armour, Hands, Weapon, Shield, Trinkets.Lots of combos that do lots of things.Some weapons have elemental damage that do extra to different creatures, or less!.This can be found in treasure chests through events, given to you, bought, sold.These items are preset into the deck by the deck builder, but you dont just get them, you need to EARN them in the game.Combat is simple and short, but enjoyable.The dealer will select monster cards (or you do, depending on the event)These monster cards will say things like Four of Skulls or 3 of Dust.The 4 of Skulls will summon 4 Skeletons. 3 of Dust will summon 3 bandits.The combat now moves into a character control, no longer a card game but a top down action rpg, think of Diablo and you will be getting close.Combat is a little clunky, but nothing to make this game anything of any sort of shabby.Some weapons have abilities like exploding, gaining damage through combos, do more damage the less health you have, that sort of thing.Some shields can reflect range damage back and some trinkets will do things like throw 8 daggers around you, some will activate and give you gold-per-hit and some will give you temp poison.The goal of this is to kill all 12 bosses in the story mode, all with a varying range of tactics.So once again, Want to support Australian developers and get something worth while out of it?Hand of Fate."
,Recommended,266510,14540737,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Rhojin,"Hand of Fate is a truly wonderful masterpiece, combining the strategy of a deck building game with the flow of a board game set in a RPG/Roguelike element with a Batman Arkham combat system. Its easy to lose track of time as you navigate your constructed deck dungeon while encountering traps, treasures, monsters and other surprises at every flip of a new card."
76561197992083855,Recommended,266510,14540699,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Matyvalien,"Insanely innovative game,endless replayablity , 9/10"
76561198235240888,Not Recommended,266510,21679456,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,bollersplait,"I was really looking forward to playing Hand of Fate. Everything about it looked and seemd amazing.It crashed after an hour of playing offline (on Mac). I restarted it and it crashed instantly. Restarted Steam, restarted my computer, played online, played offline - crash, crash, crash.Sorry if it disappoints you, potential buyer, but I'm thinking there's some more bugs to be worked out."
76561198124977372,Recommended,266510,14543100,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,NeRo,"Truly a unique and amazing game to experience, easy controls, cool environments ....The only problem for me is the game is too short but who cares, 10/10 will kill all the annoying goblins over and over again!!!!"
76561197968106249,Recommended,266510,12907638,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Halfwit,Simple_ Different__ Outstanding__ Must Play !!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,266510,14587677,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Yellow Fever,Very fun!
,Not Recommended,266510,33116456,Posted: 1 July,all,KamikazeKnifer,"Clunky combat mechanics ruined an otherwise interesting roguelike. It's not difficult, per se, just really, really annoying. You have to stand still and hit either Mouse 1 or Q to attack or counter, respectively. You cannot attack while moving."
76561197994940505,Not Recommended,266510,31745266,Posted: 14 May,all,Old,"You just had a perfect streak and are full hp. You have food, coins and good equipement. You roll three Huge Failure in a row because RNG. You die and have to start over.The game has merits, but who in hell thinks it's a good idea to make game that rely so much on RNG."
76561198259913959,Not Recommended,266510,31440195,Posted: 29 April,all,vjinz,"Fun at first, then annoying to the point of frustration."
76561197969106644,Not Recommended,266510,26087581,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,supergunnar,"Interresting concept, but does not captivate me. Repetetive, boring battles. The stories told through cards is interresting, but I loose track of them because the look so similar and are not easily tracked between sessions. The randomness determines too much. It becomes a chore after a while."
,Recommended,266510,14631547,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Saxman Steph,"Alrighty, I've been playing this game for quite a while, and it's been a treat watching it develop towards launch. Now that the time is finally here, I'll try to break down what makes this game such a gem.The premise of the game is simple; you, the player, are in a tabletop game against some random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wizard called The Dealer. That may seem harsh, but, trust me, you'll hate this guy by the time you finish story mode. He's a card sharp and a cheat, and he quite shamelessly weights the deck against you at every turn. This becomes particularly apparent towards the endgame, where you can die on the first board due to the insane limitations he can put on you in terms of both combat and curses. That doesn't make him a bad character, however. The Dealer is quite effective as an antagonist, and his growing desperation as you (whom he implies to be a meathead jock adventurer) mow down his court is somewhat reminiscent of a DM growing exasperated with a party that refuses to die.The nature of the game is a Shoggoth monstrosity that can shift its genre at will between choose-your-own-adventure, Arkham-style brawling, tabletop RPG, and roguelike. To be honest, I could spend hours trying (and failing) to describe it in any decent fashion. Watch a video of it. Jim Sterling's Squirty Play is a good one; it's the release version, and you get to see the reaction of someone who: a) has had no exposure to it, and b) was expecting something very different.Basically, what makes this game great isn't really the gameplay; the individual parts of it are rather bland. By itself, the combat would be mindlessly dull. By itself, the board game would be ridiculously unfair. By himself, the Dealer would still be a jerk. It's the smooth integration of all the facets of this game that make it such an amazing catch. I'm not sure it will ever be considered a ""great"" (although one can hope), but it certainly has all the markings of a cult classic.Pros:+Very simple and effective gameplay+Good voice acting (although it IS only the one voice)+Lack of backstory allows the player's imagination to do its thing+Although the individual sections of gameplay aren't unique, the combination certainly is+Will shamelessly kill you without truly punishing you+Doesn't interrupt gameplay; even on death, you can immediately jump back in+Endless mode is pretty entertaining+No ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crafting systemsCons:-Combat can be a tad wonky-The optimization is quite iffy; it will tank your CPU for no apparent reason sometimes. Seems to occur more prominently later in the game. This'll probably be fixed (and it's ALOT better than it used to be), but it should be noted.Niggles:~It feels like some of the event triggers are a tad insane, particularly the ones with multiple RNG draws. I still haven't completed the River encounter.~You can wind up in positions that can break the game in your favor; I've had more than 1k health at one point due to a bit of RNG luck after finding the Ring of Poverty.~Flame golems are ridiculous. They take a lot of hurtin' and they dish out even more. When they show up in multi-monster encounters, it usually means a wipe.~The Dealer is an incorrigible cheat. No really, he's a prick.I'd give it a hearty thumbs up. Buy it."
,Not Recommended,266510,28812005,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Fawkzi,"God I really wanted to put hours upon hours in to this game and then give it a big ol' thumbs up but I just can't.I was loving this game for the first hour of play. It's fun, unique and satisfying though the combat leaves very much to be desired. It's slow, clunky and what I like to call ""The poor man's arkham"" but after a smooth first hour I'm suddenly bombarded with constant crashes to the point where it has become unplayable. I read on the forums that windows users should select the ""Direct X 9"" option on launch as it might help with the crashes but it only made them worse. Instead of the game crashing, my entire system crashed and blue screened...twice.I haven't had a blue screen in a very, very long time. I take very good care of my PC, I make sure everything is always up to date software wise and it gets maintained and checked on a regular basis ,hence not having had any blue screens for a long damn time but in the space of twenty minutes I ended up having two while playing this game.PC SPecs:FX8350 Black16GB RamR9 290X Strix 8GBWindows 10I am beyond confused with this whole blue screen shenanigans (And judging by the forum I'm not the first to have had this issue when it comes to this game) and it's such a damn shame because I was really enjoying myself.[I wrote this review in December of 2016 and stopped playing. It's now September of 2017 and I have not had a single blue screen since I stopped playing this game. The game has an issue which causes your computer to blue screen and the only ""support"" the developers will give you is ""It doesn't cause blue screens""]"
76561198043285519,Recommended,266510,31364620,Posted: 25 April,all,moltensteel,im not a card game player but wow the lore of the story and the fights to go with the card choices very nice a change for me with my games
,Recommended,266510,19301209,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Eclipse,Brilliantly fun and replayable deck-building rpg/hack and slash. 9/10
,Recommended,266510,18771293,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,dpseizure,I'm so glad I bought this game. Its good as fup!!!
,Recommended,266510,18716246,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,✪ Relic,This game is freaken amazing! You should all be playing!
76561198087522092,Recommended,266510,34458741,Posted: 24 August,all,Weegee,"Hand of Fate is one of those games that you either sit down and finish without distracting on other games or you start, get instantly bored and stop. At least that was how it went. I bought it, then gave up and after about a year I restarted and got addicted and got to the end, but the difficulty made me stop (I gave up on The Dealer, The Last Boss). I would recommend it for people who donn't get easily bored by the concept. Also... SO HYPED ABOUT HAND OF FATE 2!!!"
76561198098646568,Recommended,266510,25793072,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,{MGoCG}Pandafunkey809,"I love the game. It's a wonderful blend of chance, combat, and preparation/survival."
76561197967562863,Not Recommended,266510,21401303,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Spider,"The dealer, the cards, the deck and the choices you make are a solid A-game.  the 3-D combat...is HORRIBLE.  But it's the key to progress you're forced into it frequently to advance.  The combat drags this from a solid A down to a D."
,Not Recommended,266510,19576105,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,vianna77,That's what happen when you read the negative reviews and do not believe them and end up buying the game anyway!Now I'm stuck with a game extremelly difficult to play that keeps burning CPU and GPU to the max.
76561198268240511,Recommended,266510,20025032,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,David,This is good game i like it
,Recommended,266510,19898708,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,sims,it's like hearthstone if it were nothing like it
,Recommended,266510,19928748,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Inky,Yaoi hands simulator 2015 10/10
,Recommended,266510,20255301,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,yannis,its good
,Recommended,266510,11329137,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Karak,Verdict-Buyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqOj9b2tJM8
,Recommended,266510,14505293,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Cabbie,Very cool concept of a game and really great blend of CCG and RPG action!  Loving this game especially at its price point.  Immersive and detailed.  Whoever does the dealer's voice is great as well.  A definite buy and the news is there will be additional DLC in a month after the gold release (tomorrow yay!) and more after that.  Also a possible sequel in the long run.  Great job and kudos to the devs and cant wait to see final product tomorrow!
,Recommended,266510,14538675,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rannepear,"This game is, simply, fun.The gameplay is highly engaging. And with each story run being highly unique and unpredictable, it makes for, potentially, many enjoyable hours of play. Slightly related to that, don't be dismayed bout how ""easy"" the game may be (or maybe not, if you're unlucky) in the beginning; It gets significantly harder. You'll find yourself diving into many of the challenges in order to ""earn"" the card unlocks they hold for you, but the chance of failure is always there and your story run may die young. No worries though! You just jump back in for a whole new experience.This is a great game for the casual gamer and the more serious gamer alike. A completely enjoyable gameplay experience from top to bottom, I highly recommend this title."
76561198055454861,Recommended,266510,17012227,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Killstreak,It's pretty much magic poker with an old guy. 10/10
,Recommended,266510,16878128,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Quondam47,"Excellently crafted game. Story mode has really interesting, fleshed out scenarios and is constructed in such a way that you could play for 30 minutes or 4 hours happily. Progression is done in a very clever, deckbuilding manner. Combat is simple, but solid. A great game to keep coming back to."
76561197993465845,Recommended,266510,16879109,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Toll,"Holy Hell is this not only one of the most original games I have played in a while, it’s fun, challenging, engaging and I couldn’t stop thinking about it. F’ing GREAT game I would recommend to most anyone. Fair warning though, the last boss is hard as hell and took me most of one weekend to finally figure out how to beat."
,Recommended,266510,12104835,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,DemonicTactician,Great game! Well worth the money I spent.
,Recommended,266510,24151421,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Motol,You're now reading the title in Angemon's voice
76561198141682852,Recommended,266510,31575859,Posted: 6 May,all,KeyboardWarrior,It is a relaxing little game. nice way to enjoy the story
,Recommended,266510,31470682,Posted: 30 April,all,TurtleDogg,"Really fun game to play, until a quite difficult boss. Still worth a buy."
,Recommended,266510,32882626,Posted: 27 June,all,Willy W. Anchor,Awesome mix of game styles
,Recommended,266510,14877766,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,grandma's favourite grandson,RNG
,Recommended,266510,14877881,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Kotensu,"Much RNG, Such Fun. 10/10"
,Recommended,266510,21627657,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Razeus,If you want a nice casual experience going through an interestingly put togheter piece of art of a game. Then this game is for you
76561198063839148,Recommended,266510,31279596,Posted: 21 April,all,-v-,It's a really fun game.
76561198022151249,Recommended,266510,11394599,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,js3.sterling,Pretty good.
,Recommended,266510,22267349,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,kaczynski,♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece of a game
,Recommended,266510,11232828,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,TimFortress,Card random
76561198121718704,Recommended,266510,25064365,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Jabobomb,THIS GAME IS LEGENDARY!!!not to mention it was made by AUSSIES YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.but yea great game cant wait for its sequel.
,Recommended,266510,14542025,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Rumpel,9/11
,Recommended,266510,14605989,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,WHG | Dragonblud,its kinda like if a crack baby ♥♥♥♥ed a heroin baby... and made a crackoin baby... and then a meth baby and an opium baby ♥♥♥♥ed... and made a methium baby... and then those 2 babies met and ♥♥♥♥ed... one huge case of under aged sex.
76561198068975670,Recommended,266510,22945218,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,baldur09,Would have a goblin hit me with a stick and give me money again. 10/10
,Recommended,266510,14517377,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,bookworm_cf,WOW!! that is a rouge like I can get behind. Definenty worth the price of admission.  Board game style with deck building mechanic that decides encounters and rewards. Simple Arkham Asylum like combat controls. I Very much recommend this one.
,Recommended,266510,14617404,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,derw4tz,awesome game mix of strategy action and luckdo yourself a favor and watch a lets play cause only by reading reviews you cant really comprehend how this game worksin short:build a deck -> guy throws in some bad stuff-> fight your deckfighting will take place in an arena with a pretty good free flow combatsystem a la batman; as said strategy mixed with actionressourcemanagement and a bit luck will most of the time tip the odds in your favor
,Recommended,266510,14959711,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MURKA,"To all the negative reveiws based solely on how difficult this game is I say shame on you. This game offers challenge, reward and deceit, in many forms. What you put in is, quite literally, what you get out. If you make your choices wisely, whether with an encounter card itself or with what cards you put in you can succeed. I did. Yes i beat the main story, so dont buy into the whole "" it's too hard, the game cheats dont buy"" crap. \Games are meant to be hard.Now to less rants.If you enjoy dungeoun delves, this game is for you.If you like games of chance, this game is for you.If you like hack and slash, again this is for you.All of these without hours of grinding? Based solely on how you play and what you want?Then kudos, really for you.I wont give spoilers, all i will say, besides what I have said already, you will fail. You will die. It may take a while, but it will happen. This game is challenging but incredibly fun. Dont give up, run it through to completion. You will not be dissapointed.MURKA, 14 hrs 45% percent of acheivements.(more coming soon)"
76561198081150904,Not Recommended,266510,31089887,Posted: 11 April,all,kariemelhanan000,"Let me start off by saying this is not persay a negetive review, think of it more as a ""jesus christ I wish steam had an on the fence option"". This game is great in so many of the things it does, from a roleplay experience it is phenomenal. It has amazing visuals, great music, a perfect narrator, relativly varried equipment, very imppressive event deck customization, rougelite quests in this game are suberb and there is enough RNG to keep you on your toes while still keeping it relativly skill focused.Don't get me wrong, I love this game and will continue playing it, but seeing as HOF2 is relativly right around the corner I would not reccomend it. Not becuase its a bad game, but becuase the actual combat part of the game really kicks you as dissapointing after a while. A lot of times its too repetitive and unforgiving even if you know what to do and other times it can feel menotenous and dull. Does it overshadow all the amazing things this game does, no not at all, but with an improved game with (supposedly) improved and really polished combat, I would reccomend waiting for it unless you really really want to try the first game. If you get it you'll enjoy it, but something better is almost right infront of us."
76561198057884931,Recommended,266510,11169854,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Ghost_army_Lord,"Its a realy grate Game If you Kill the first tree Bosses You can make kind of your own rounds You can chose what Cards will be played. But i actually hoped that dere will comme a Multyplayer, like You can make your own boss arena and put it in a round,and other players would be able to pick 1 and Fight it.But Its a realy great game, Great Grapics to.But i would like it if dere commes a beter fighting system."
,Recommended,266510,16517022,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jeebus,"Amazing - anyone should get this if they can, ESPECIALLY for the £10 off . good game fore half price! :B1:"
,Recommended,266510,14585467,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Uhthis,Is this where I write things?
76561198134088178,Recommended,266510,21595851,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,magoreiki,Interesting game.
76561197980011938,Recommended,266510,21565463,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The_Hatemeister,Really fun game if you can get past the combat system and see it for what it is.
,Recommended,266510,16908349,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Moobabe,"One of my biggest issues with roguelikes as a genre, and I know it's counter intuitive given its a staple of it, is the lack of permanent progression and the sheer despair of wasted time when you die. We are busy people and yes, roguelikes are fun and challenging, but many simply don't respect the time of the player. Hate of Fate does. Even when you die you'll still be rewarded for the tokens that you've unlocked to that point so more cards are added to your deck, while each chapter is only, at most, 20 minutes long. By making the roguelike a little more accessible the team at Defiant Development have made a game worthy of taking both your time and money.http://www.permanent-beta.net/reviews-1/2015/6/26/hand-of-fate"
76561198167411394,Recommended,266510,24219889,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,W8lifts,"I had a huge discount for this after creating a badge, so I took a chance. It is an amazing game. I cant stand card games (but like fighting/action games), but do like the collecting cards asspect of it. This game is complicated, complicated like being a Meth head, love the high, hate the stigma ......Im sure everyione can relate to being a Meth head , so just buy the game"
,Recommended,266510,14520358,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,TrItuS,Awesome
76561197988248370,Recommended,266510,23856662,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[TROG]Wraith,Actually a really good game nice mix of card collecting dungeon crawling and combat. Fun and easy to pick up.
,Recommended,266510,20387748,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,[RSG] Ryaenethiddion,"""Very good and engaging for its price""For a reasonably priced game this is intruiging, artsy and engaging.The graphics are pretty and the concept is pretty neat, mixing a dungeons and dragonesque rpg with a bit of hearthstone and then action elements aswell, as a genre mashup it does really well. It's graphically pretty for a small company game, I just wish there was a bit more variety in cards and characters you can play, that being said as of this current moment I am only half way through.Another brilliant part of this game is the voice acting of the mysterious sage, who I cant wait to hear more about, his taunting/ cryptic dialog is to definately draw you in further into the game and unlock the mystery of Hand of Fate.Can't really give it an out of 10 rating, all I can say is I enjoyed it for the time I have played it so far, its concept is very intruiging and I hope it does well."
76561198005651913,Recommended,266510,18452094,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Kira,"Wow, I haven't enjoyed a game this much in a long time!  Hand of Fate is a card-based action RPG.  It's essentially a mix between ""choose your own adventure"" books and a D&D campaign.  You acquire loot in the form of cards and tailor your equipment and encounter decks to suit your playstyle.  Love combat?  Done!  Throw in ambush-style cards.  Prefer games of chance?  Excellent!  Gamble to your heart's content.  You can make this game as punishing as you want or give yourself well-deserved breaks from the torment.  Hand of Fate also sets great goals; often beating a quest will add another layer to the story for the next level, which prove to be more challenging and makes the reward that much sweeter.My only complaint would be the short length of story mode, with only 12 levels at ~1-2 hours each, I'm trying to savor the last few.  However, there is an ""Endless Mode"" which is also a lot of fun and increases play time.  If expansion campaigns were released, I would buy them right now.  100% worth your money!  (Spread the word!)"
76561198070134646,Recommended,266510,20341487,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,KumaBear,"overall - great game, But do not buy it as a hack n' slash game.hand of fate offers a pretty unique experience, melding cards, adventure, combat, and a bit of role-playing. This game does not do one of those things terribly well, my opinion, some may argue. What it does do well is make the whole situation work, all of these elements together, how random and unsyncable they may seem, come together to make a really interesting experience.I would compare hand of fate to a very simple table top game, munchkin perhaps. You get a map made up of cards, which are adventures, meetings, shops, curses, and eventually - an exit from the current map. Each game has a certain amount of maps, and then you get to the end, where instead of an exit, you get a boss. So far, the boss has been an upgraded version of one of the vanilla enemies, with a twist. The combat is boring at best, but this is coming from someone who has difficulty capped 2 souls games.Honestly, I give the game about a 8 right now with the boring combat. The narrative of each game makes up for it, I would really almost prefer a table top combat to the hack n' slash that they have. more strategic, maybe involve rolls - but that might ruin the balance they got going, so i dunno.One thing it does need is a workshop for endless customizability. Also, I would be over the friggin moon if they figured out a way to make multiplayer work."
,Recommended,266510,22832260,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Instant Karma,Best narrative that has ever existed.
76561197992411030,Not Recommended,266510,35426297,Posted: 2 October,all,Tilkka,"Pretty ok game at first, becomes pretty boring quickly"
,Not Recommended,266510,23814161,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rodalli,"Been playing games on Steam for nearly a decade now. It is June 25th, 2016, and this is the very first game I have ever requested a refund for.The game is trash, disguised as a treasure. It seems like a lot of fun on the surface, but once you get about 3 to 4 hours in, you realize that none of the decisions you make matter at all. You follow the same tired formula of ""choose to do nothing, and nothing happens, move on to the next card"" or "" choose to do something and unlock a token, which unlocks a new card"". Return to beginning of the loop. There is not a modicum of skill or involved, and very little decision making. Every ""success"" or ""failure"" is literally you drawing randomly from cards that say ""success"" or ""failure"". You can try to follow them being shuffled, and sometimes that results in success if the same card stays on top twice in a row... but really, it's just pure luck of the draw. Once you realize you're playing an RPG on rails, and your choices don't matter... it gets bad. When you then realize that it's just pure luck to hope you randomly pull the one ""success"" card out of four cards, so that you can advance the storyline for that one series of cards... it becomes absolutely, insanely frustrating. And that's an awful thing to feel, playing a low-key, deck-building RPG.The only good things I can say about it is that the production value is quite high. The writing is very good. The art is good. The voice acting for the dealer is excellent. The core idea of trying to merge these RPG, deck-building, action and rogue-like elements is really quite innovative and is what lured me in.Unfortunately, the gameplay just wasn't thought out in the long run. It is not fun to fail over, and over, and over again when there is absolutely no mechanism in your grasp to try to prevent it. It never goes well in a video game when you remove every semblance of control or input from the player's hands. At the end of the day, you'd be better off just clicking ""roll"" over and over on a random number generator. That's pretty much what's happening here."
76561198255596335,Not Recommended,266510,31455605,Posted: 29 April,all,Rick Bishop,"1. You draw an encounter and win. You get a hammer. You now have 7 food and 10 gold.2. You draw a store. You can't afford anything. You have 6 food and 10 gold.3. You draw the beginning of a quest. The required donation to the bard is 15 gold. You now have 5 food and 10 gold and fail the card.6. A fight. You get 3 food.4. You get in a fight, lose health, and are cursed. You have 7 food, 10 gold, and a curse.5. You draw a healer who wants 75 gold to lift a curse and will sell you nothing you can afford. 10 gold, 6 food.6. For half your gold you can beat this card. You now have 5 gold. Oh! It's a chance draw. You fail. Lose 15 max health. 5 food.7. At 4 food, 5 gold, and 85 health you find a quest that will give you equipment but no gold.8. At 3 food you crawl into a shop that wants 44 gold for its cheapest item.9. You have to back track one card to reach the last card. 2 food.10. With one food left and almost your starting equipment, you face the boss and die.All the while you have to listen to a guy who sounds vaguely like Ollivander prattle on about the meaning of this mystical game.If the money mechanic worked at all, this could be a fine game. As it is, you can spend a long time, including waiting on the interface, only to find that nothing you did could possibly have mattered. Hand of Fate indeed. Why?"
76561198003125690,Not Recommended,266510,16747245,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,AcidMonkey,"Game is okay, but nothing special. Sounds good in concept (deck building? Awesome!), but not so great in execution. The game is heavily luck based, and the combat is dull and monotonous. The deck building doesn't make any real difference, and there's no ""deck building"" strategies or combos or anything.Had potential, fell short."
,Recommended,266510,12195136,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,CryonicSuspension,"Updated: 7th July, 2015I love this game and want to have the Australian developers' kangaroo babies.The game mechanics are difficult to explain, since I've never seen any game like this. You get to pick half of the cards that will appear in the game ( your favourite weapons, armour and positive encounters ), the computer picks the other half ( rusty weapons, monsters, curses and negative encounters ).The computer shuffles your deck with his deck, this creates true procedural generation. No two games will ever be the same. The cards are placed, so as to simulate floors in a building and corridors.This is Kenuty's excellent Early Access gamplay video:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRc6O9HeP6wThe combat for the first few quests consisted of simple attack and parry but scaled up to ""God of War 1"" meets ""Golden Axe"" with: tumble, shield bash, magical weapons and magical artifacts.There are 12 different quests. It took me 20 hours to finish three quarters of the game ( at which point I had only unlocked a little over half of the equipment cards and half of the encounter cards ie. the game is massive ). It took me another 20 hours to finish the last three missions because they are brutal. I highly recommend this game to hardcore gamers!If you want to make the game easier or harder, there is a ""Wildcards"" expansion that will do that:http://store.steampowered.com/app/350460/The voice narration is eloquent. I thought that it was narrated by Jeremy Irons but it was voiced by Anthony Skordi. The dialogue is immersive and teaches you the game mechanics on the fly, as you encounter the different cards.Northern Lion: ""Let's Look At: Hand of Fate!""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLSEOkX83yE"
,Not Recommended,266510,21093747,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,RNG.
,Not Recommended,266510,31363290,Posted: 25 April,all,nefarious cum mastermind,"almost everything in the game is awesome, the cards are really interesting and work really well. the soundtrack is nice, the enemies are really cheesy and generic but i think that's the point.its all ruined by ""mash attack and hit counter somtimes"" combat, though. i was playing on ""hard"" difficulty and played up to the 5th boss. the entire time i only got hit if i just wasnt paying attention. i've read it gets harder but honestly the combat is too boring for it to matter, anyway. if you enjoy ""mash attack and hit counter sometimes"" combat then you'd probably adore this game.as far as i can tell you can't turn off the counter indicators, either."
,Not Recommended,266510,19934181,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,DogdaySunrise,"While the overall presentation is very appealing, the combat feels slow and unresponsive."
76561198031617469,Not Recommended,266510,19513981,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,LxThunder,"Interesting idea with well executed game elements.Also nice for short games.Would really like to play this more.Unfortunately, graphics performance is sooo bad on lowest settings.With frequent 2-10 second lags, this is a trial in patience and no fun at all."
76561198031390032,Recommended,266510,14515480,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Herpicus Derpicus,Great roguelike with amazing production quality.
,Recommended,266510,14569290,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Macbeth Plisskin The Cat,"Just an Amazing game that despite its somwhat choppy combat-animations, is such an enjoyable game!"
,Not Recommended,266510,23753384,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Burger,"I would say it's a good buy on sale but prepare to be disappointed.Difficulty curve is ridiculous, a lot of the enemies are recycled, the combat system isn't that good as a result of hitboxes either being incredibly generous or incredibly greedy so combat sometimes seems luck based especially when you're facing higher level enemies."
76561198028659394,Recommended,266510,14638051,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,[TAW] Nate Mc Bow,"Well there is one sentence that matches this game perfectly. (At least for anyone who played those old card role playing boardgames back in the day) Gaming Nostalgia At Its Finest.This game takes a simple idea from a few years back, And revolutionizes it into something unique. Your the one picking the bttlefield. But your not the one choosing where you start and end up.Preparing for everything and quick reflexes suit the gamer here. Every encounter is unique and therefore every time you play, The game plays in a unique manner."
76561198139228588,Not Recommended,266510,21632172,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,djhmd77,"Laughably bad combat system completely ruins this game unfortunately.  Should have just left it as a card game.  I mean ""WASD"", Q to block, spacebar to dodge, and left/right mouse click?  Why bother?"
76561198044663986,Not Recommended,266510,29008681,Posted: 4 January,all,Terrible Human Being,"Despite being a fun time for several hours unfortunately I cannot recommend this game due to some bugs which causes the game to freeze while loading monster encounters. I've played through 3/4th of the campaign but this issue becomes more apparent in the last quarter, and also in endless.The gameplay itself is solid, but I feel the chance of success is a bit too random (at least in hard mode) and unlike other games where you have other ways to offset chance (for example multiple ways of dealing with enemy encounters or pathing through a dungeon depending on resources), the only real way to succeed is getting incredibly good at monster encounters.Deck customization doesn't influence the game much when most cards follow the success = food, failure = pain card + battle formula with roughly equal chance for either. Additionally, the lack of food forces the player to rush to the exit more often than needed."
,Recommended,266510,34419909,Posted: 22 August,all,ｔｅｔｓｕｍｕｓｕ,"I didn't enjoy this with the K&M because I don't know how to ""face my targets"" the way you can do that on a gamepad using the analog stick? Otherwise I love this game! 10/10 if use a gamepad"
76561198111876156,Recommended,266510,26061771,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,JACS,keyi
,Recommended,266510,16863288,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,crowbar,"rating: worth buying at sale price (<7.5€)score: 7.5/10 - goodsimilar games: FTL, Batman Arkham (combat system)tags: pen & paper, unique presentation, rogue-liteThe biggest problem I have with this game is the balancing. I immediately started the game in hard mode and I still beat every boss in my first try until the last row of bosses. Here it started to get hard, but only because of randomness and chances. Either the game gives you crazy curses or just some tiny things which dont really make it more challenging for you, there is not much inbetween. Also the blessings you get are nowhere near as powerful as the curses you get, most of the blessings are simply useless. Later there will be many encounters which outcome is either you get to draw 3 equipment cards or something like that, or you loose 50% of your maximum health. Again there is nothing in between. Why not loose 5% maximum health? Why maximum health? Why not normal health? Ah because the game lets you regenerate tons of health every step so making you loose health isn't a problem, but when you are out of rations you loose TONS of health with every step. They should reduce both of these values and make the punishments less ridiculous.At this part of the game it's not about ""do I want to take this event with me or not"" but more about ""just try to pass every card without getting into trouble"". What makes this more problematic are the rewards you get. Most of the time it's just things like ""+5 max health"" (WOW!), ""+5 gold"" (WOW!) and after you found a good weapon or good armor all other armor or weapon drops you get are useless. At least you can wear many rings at the same time, so those are always useful, but the rings don't have good effects at all, some totally useless. And even worse, every reward you get is meant for combat, but not the game itself, like there is nothing which gives you better chances or I don't know more vision of the map or something like that apart from 1 or 2 items maybe.And this is a problem because the combat in this game is extremely easy, I beat 90% of the fights without loosing health, and if I loose health it's just because I got careless because it's so easy. So if the game gives me stuff which makes combat even easier I'm not really feeling rewarded.The combat itself is solid, but they throw in so many unnessary and random slow motions during the fight which are annoying and bad for the pacing. There aren't that many different enemy types but enough I guess. Whats nice is that the different weapons and armors do not simply have better or worse stats, but unique effects like ""cast an explosion"", ""freeze everyone"", ""damage everyone who hits you"" and stuff like that.My problem with the combat is that it doesn't fit the theme of the game in my opinion. This is a card game, so I thought it is the perfect situation for a combat like in other card games like Hearthstone, Yu-gi-oh or whatever. Or make a turn-based fighting system which happens on the table with the cards. Everything is better than what we have here, especially because this Arkham combat system is only as good as its presentation, you need nice sound effects, lots of great animations and stuff like that.The biggest selling point is the presentation of the game, I especially like the ""gamemaster"". Unfortunately he starts to repeat himself very fast and very often which gets annoying. But the voice actor does a good job. Also the music fits the game and creates a nice atmossphere, but you will hear the same music all the time. The card texts are written very well and there is a good amount of variety. I like that they want to tell small sub-stories within the game, after beating a card you get its symbol which unlocks a new card which continues the story of the previous card in some way. But they could do more with that, because these cards still work individually and tell smaller stories than I expected. I think what would be nice is that you could have like 4 cards for the same story which you could all put in your deck, then the game would scatter them in the world in order and you get better and better rewards for each of them. This would give you more decisions as the player, do you put the beginning cards of the story in your deck which is safer or do you put more story cards in your deck to have like more synergy. Currently the deck building is bare bones. I just put everything in my deck where I haven't unlocked the symbol yet and the rest I fill up with the cards where I know the game won`t screw me over, because some cards are just useless. The chances of winning for some is ridiculous and the rewards are not good enough at all to make this risk worth it.The game is still fun because of the nice presentation, exploring the different cards and their stories and the combat is not terrible, but doesn`t fit the game. Some design flaws and some wasted potential makes this just a ""good"" game though, but it could easily be a fantastic game."
,Recommended,266510,15501989,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Dude,Awesome!
76561198060822053,Not Recommended,266510,20137595,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SuperNerdJoel,"I'm pretty meh about it.  It's a great concept but somewhat sloppily executed, with way too much relying on chance and the combat controls being a watered-down version of the Batman Arkham games."
,Not Recommended,266510,19876846,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sequelle`★,The game is in slow-mo. And this is boring.
,Not Recommended,266510,20770539,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Pardaillan,Same routine with increasing difficulty.
,Recommended,266510,21036093,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,JabbrWockey,"Great game concept (rogue type + top-down fighting) with  free DLC.  A few moments during fighting you're able to cheese your way through the enemies, but other than that it's solid."
,Recommended,266510,12575473,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kleedrac,"It's an interesting mix of deckbuilding, exploration, and action.  Build your equipment and encounter decks, then explore the randomly dealt map of encounter cards you put together, hope to earn equipment from the equipment deck you built, and use it all to hack'n'slash your way through baddies and bosses to unlock more cards!  It doesn't sound like it'd mesh but it really works well."
76561198030954380,Recommended,266510,14577278,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,teoleo,probabilmente uno dei migliori giochi che ho:randomcombattimento stile batmanottima graficaSe viene seguito dagli sviluppatori con aggiornamenti e magari workshopdiventera' uno best seller
76561198367299879,Recommended,266510,33043549,Posted: 30 June,all,E-sports old driver,命运★★★★★
,Recommended,266510,16385373,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Deadly Jedly,"Amazing Game - Great balance Between 3rd Person Action RPG - And Card Playing, With a Sorcerer With an Awesome Voice! - [I Like all Games And Believe Me, You need This in your Collection!]"
,Recommended,266510,21556411,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Skyline-GTR 藤原とうふ店,9/10
,Not Recommended,266510,33560218,Posted: 15 July,all,Moronic Idiot,"It's pretty cool, like a fantasy version of Oregon Trail but it suffers from extremely boring combat (which is ~20% of the game) and the maze levels feel awful and clunky. It was great for a few hours but the combat especially really lets it down."
,Recommended,266510,14521498,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Andypandy R,"This game is so good I'm going to get the PS4 version too, no better review than that.  !  :)10/10"
76561198006337393,Recommended,266510,14592580,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Gaven,"Really fun game, combines very nicely different genres, new every time, nice challenge, alot of replayability. Really worth it."
76561198027971581,Not Recommended,266510,24253764,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Thorin,"Sadly the game went with the white council quest from one of the best game to the worst kind, random death by chance alone, avoid like plague."
,Recommended,266510,17772239,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,this is a good game i recommend.
,Not Recommended,266510,19412061,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,yumi_cheeseman,"Hand of fate is an adventure where you explore scenarios based around a deck of cards, find items, complete puzzles, and when it comes to fighting, you go into a 3rd person action type game. While the mechanics are cool and unique, it unfortunately falls flat with fairly boring, unsatisfactory battles, and slow exploring filled with simple decisions. I would only give it a try if you enjoy quirky new games, and it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,266510,21707889,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SuperFilp,Fun for the first 10 or 15min. This game is too slow paced and RNG based.
76561198014921375,Not Recommended,266510,14531998,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,cosmicandre,"This game is good...not great. Hopefully with some dev tweaks - it could be really excellent.It's very innovative and well done. Graphics are pleasant, the concept is refreshing and the execution is...well...it's ok.Some of the positives:1) Great concept. This is a card game and a button masher. It's not an RPG. There's no levelling of your character, no stats to decide in which to invest, no classes, no abilities.  It's a card game that unfolds into button mashing sequences based on the cards that are randomly drawn. The mix of card and action elements combined with a fantasy/D&D type setting are neat and are done well.2) The game is polished. The graphics are nice, the voice acting is very good, the presentation of the encounters are well done, etc. It's a well put together game with nice artwork, GUI, sounds, etc.Some of the negatives:1) The cards PART 1. For me , I dislike the card designs greatly. The devs chose to go with a basic brown card with black text - and it's drab. The rest of the game is graphically very colorful and interesting. I realize the card design is going for an old parchment feel - but it just seems uninteresting to me. I could have done with some interesting edge work, slight color tints, or edging...something. There are tons of card games out there and the cards themselves are always something of great time and effort in the design , sometimes even with collector editions, gold versions , etc.2) The cards PART 2. For some reason, the devs thought it would be interesting to ""lock"" cards. When you get them, you don't know what they do until you come across them in your journey. This makes the whole part where you get cards at the end of your journey nearly pointless. When you complete a card/journey, you can get a token , and at the conclusion of a journey your tokens are exchanged for cards. The cards turn over on your screen and all you can do is look at the title and picture and wonder what they do....unless it's something you already unlocked. Perhaps this is fun to others and not to me, but I compare to Hearthstone - when you open a new pack - you can instantly read the description of the card - and start understanding if you should be excited about it or not. For a portion of the game where I feel getting new cards should be very rewarding and exciting - it's not. It's actually quite tedious as I have to turn in all my tokens, get my cards (which I don't know what they do) and that leads me to #3.3) Deck building. The same issue rears its head in building your deck. You can have many cards that are locked - that you don't know what they do - but if you want to know what they do - you put them in - hope to draw them during a journey - and hope you like it. That's really not a design choice that is rewarding to me.4) Help. The game is easy to grasp once you play - but at the start - nothing is explained - and there is no good on screen help. An example are the tokens. It wasn't at all clear that a token was on the card, and that upon completing that card - you get the token - and that at the conclusion of the journey and beating the boss - that you get all the tokens you collected along the way and turn them in for cards. It also wasn't clear initially that you lose food each time you move, or gain health each time you move. You learn this super fast, but a tiny popup or something would be good. In fact, there's a couple different token shapes - still not sure the differences between them all.5) Easy + Repetitive. The game is fun, but so far, it's very repetitive. After just a couple journeys - I've run across the same cards over and over. It's also the same pattern - card, battle...card, battle. The battles are also the same for me...roll, x,x,x....roll, x,x,x....roll,x,x,x.....win.  I'm about half done with the game, maybe it gets more complex , but so far -it hasn't.In summary, it's a neat game...it's solid. There could be more done with the cards and the deck building to make it more interactive, but its repetitive and the card element isn't rewarding enough to compensate.Update: Saw there is DLC 1 month after release - so , since game is decent, but was on the fence, am going with not reccomended since DLC immediately after release is a money grab."
76561198018367507,Recommended,266510,14546810,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/Zoulsgaming,"I was surpised how epic this game actually is. this looks like fable, has combat like batman, and the story works like old school pen and paper with tons of RNG."
76561198005154331,Not Recommended,266510,23128401,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TheDeathofSubtlety,"This game is so close to being great. Sadly, it rather misses the point of a deck-building game and actually gets worse as the game continues, getting harder while providing no tangible way to compensate for that with its mechanics. You have no true control over your deck, the odds of drawing anything, or any way to build a real strategy with your cards, as you're restricted to certain card minimums with no way to modify the variance in your favor. It's a fantastic idea for a game I'd like to see done better in the future."
,Recommended,266510,14710255,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Zigan Uspeh,FTL + Batman = Success
76561198053498233,Not Recommended,266510,16917762,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,sl0p0k,"Great idea for a game, but unfortunately, the more you play, the more frustrating little things that didn't seem too terrible at the beginning become.  The biggest failure is the combat system.  Being able to use your mouse to control the direction you move would be great, but instead you're limited to A,W,S,D as though you're just a piece on a chessboard.  That doesn't work so well when you're surrounded by bosses and add ons in a tight space.  I saw some of the unlockable achievements being to fight X number of battles without taking any damage.  Yeah, right.  I'm all for things being more difficult the more I progress, but as others have commented, the difficulty spike soon makes the frustration outweigh the enjoyability factor far too quickly.  I've tried to love it, but the more I play, and the further I move along, the more likely I am to delete this game, count my blessings I got it on sale, and find other, more enjoyable games to play.  Hopefully the developers will read through some of the negatve reviews and continue to revamp the game.  Great idea for a game, but still needs a lot of work to deservite its ""Mostly Positive"" rating it currently has."
,Not Recommended,266510,14612039,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Bastwood,"Quite a fun little mismash of genres - Up to a point. Hand of Fate lays deckbuilding card games, roguelikes, action brawlers and choose-your-own-adventure books onto the table and shuffles. The end result feels surprisingly fresh and innovative, even though none of the individual components would really stand on their own.Initially, the game works wonderfully because of its brisk pace and laidback feel - There seems to always be something new around the corner and the game is just a joy to play. However, as the end draws close, the difficulty is suddenly amped to eleven and the game turns into a grind. During the last few rounds the deck is so stacked against you that even with immaculate play, you can still lose terribly.Yes, I understand that the game is a roguelike and you're supposed to die a bit, but going from not dying at all for 90% of the game to losing twenty times in a row is just poor balancing and design. A shame really, since with a bit less punishing difficulty curve Hand of Fate would've been a surefire recommendation. It delivers innovation, fun and respectable production values, but eventually turns into a plain old Three-card Monte."
76561198163542142,Not Recommended,266510,24496975,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mora,nice game but fxxkcing terrible shiit attack system
,Not Recommended,266510,17548351,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,dbPieter,"It's starts of as very charming and refreshing, it becomes boring and tedious way too soon (~2hrs). It definitely has potential though and I hope that there's a second version in the making which fixes these issues."
76561198019333467,Recommended,266510,14726846,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Arktisk_Soldat,"Addicting.... very VERY addicting.I asked the forums if the game has any solid replayability and I believe it does, a lot of it actually.  But the review..The Good:Addicting game play, obviously I mean who doesn't like card games and rpgs and dungeon crawlers and blah blah blah you get up grades that do different things and they do them well.The gear assortment is pretty neat, lots of different piece of gear that have little thing here and there like extra life if you heal or a sword that can shoot frost all at the touch of a button.The random encounters are also really cool from the Elf Maiden to the Priest or perhaps A fallen hero, lots of different encounters with rewards.there is a lot more but I have just scratched the surface.The Bad:Not really BAD but kinda annoying so be ready but some random encounters are BAD like falling rocks... damn rocks I mean you would figure the guy could dodge a falling rock but NOPE! you get 1 chance to succeed in this actiong to avoid the falling rocks and if you don't it hurts... A LOT.FOOD!!!! for the love of everything everywhere bring FOOD! if you have a chance to get food some where TAKE IT omfg if you run out you are now running on Health until you die, try fighting a boss with 14 health I had to change my underwear.On the subject of random encounter some of them have pretty bad optins as far as how much you can succeed like 1 success and three failure or even one Huge failure, it makes the game interesting but still fresh into the game it can hurt a lot.Difficulty ramps up pretty quick.. once you get past the first gate things become more dangerous and you can die.. like dieing in a trap maze to a bush -.- yeah there is a defining moment for you you died to a damn bush a BUSH! ANY WAY...All in all this is a GREAT game and I am REALLY REALLY glad I got it, I hope the game take off and adds more content because wow... I love it and I have like maybe a few hours at the time of writing this.  So if you have any doubts DON'T this is worth the money 100%.. now excuess me I have a bush to go take care of... giggity!.  (I mean the one in the maze >.>)"
,Not Recommended,266510,31762875,Posted: 14 May,all,buffjape,"Very enjoyable combination of card game / arena fighting. There's  a novel approach levelling up - your abilities never progress, but the cards available do.Great sense of achievement when you complete a level.Unfortunately there are few problems- irritating clicking sound every second which is audible from the beginning- gamemaster is too verbose and opinionated, and you eventually discover that most of it is random.Wasted the whole weekend trying to complete the game, so it must be addictive and fun, but in the end I just wanted him to stop talking."
76561198028082862,Not Recommended,266510,16541363,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Maurício Bandeira,"Combat is basically hit and run, camera controls are very poor, scenarios are very small and repetitive. The concept is nice, but the execution could be better. It's a nice game to get on a sale though."
76561198031141936,Not Recommended,266510,17525643,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,dadasx,my mouse has been broken because of the stupid war sequences.These can be made turn based too.
,Not Recommended,266510,16591054,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nurko,"Game freezes when entering dead mans gorge or smething like that, needs to be fixed."
,Recommended,266510,14582905,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,✪ red,iz good
,Not Recommended,266510,16512411,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Danbanna,if you do not have a controller do not buy the game< there are no keyboard controls to move your peice around< can only hit enter and go with what the game gives you> without a controller you can not rotate the camera either> game may be ok if you had a controller to play it with or if it came with mouse and keyboard controls that actually worked
,Recommended,266510,34430940,Posted: 22 August,all,1917,Excellent writing and great combat.
76561197995576985,Not Recommended,266510,15209938,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,shadowq,It looked intriguing and has a lot of great elements. But they don't seem to come together very well. I think it's probably the combat system that drags this game down. It's simply too cumbersome and inexact. I really wanted to like this game.
76561198078997529,Not Recommended,266510,14955367,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,professor_chaos_,"I wanted to really love this game, but I feel like there is some big room for improvement.First, I must say that the concept is great. It makes for interesting and variable playthrough. I think with a few improvements this could easily turn into one of my favourite games.So the big problem I had is that the combat became very dull and one dimensional about halfway through the game. I felt like as soon once the number on enemies faced in each combat scenario got high enough I ended up just tapping the counter key constantly and could not do much else, and without a shield the was no hope of completing more than a couple of combat scenarios.The deck also started to feel unbalanced partway through the game, which I suppose added to the difficulty, but it seemed like too many cards had a 75% failure or epic failure chance with signifcant consequences and samll chance of reqrd, which was frustrating at times.I think encorporating a bit of dungeon crawling could really liven things up as well. Rather than just being thrust into an arena for each combat, creating a larger level where you could approach the enemies and the combat situation in multiple ways would really improve the gameplay.I am a bit torn about recommending or not recommending this game; I still think it is an interesting concept and worth a playthrough, but there is definitely a lot of room for improvement."
,Not Recommended,266510,16715368,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Aliandris,"Unfortunately I have to give this game a thumbs down, for now.tl;dr - It does a lot of things well, and starts off fun, but the difficulty gets extreme enough to make the game unplayable as anything but a suicide simulator.It frustrates me that I have to give a negative review to this game, because it was really fun when I started playing.  The animations were nice, combat was fun, the voice acting was great.  It was a really well polished random adventure generator game.The basic mechanic of the game is that encountering cards generates an encounter, whether combat, puzzle, story, what-have-you, and completing the card will unlock that card's token, which will in turn unlock more cards to add to future decks.  It gives a good incentive to try to encounter many cards and figure out how to unlock more.  Quite cool.As you progress in the game, unlocking more cards, you will also encounter bosses.  Beating them unlocks the next boss card, and after you beat enough bosses you will unlock an artifact that gives you some bonuses but will also make the game harder.This is the point where the game goes wrong for me.  The difficulty increases introduced by the artifacts make the game virtually impossible by the end.  It was not unusual for me to start a game and the very first card would be a combat against a prior boss, 9 of their minions, on a trapped battlefield with an accompanying totem.  There were so many high powered threats my brand new out of the box adventurer had no chance to win.What makes it worse is that there's no going back.  Once those difficulty spikes are unlocked, they affect the whole game, retroactively.  If I go back to the very first boss of the game, my first encounter on that level might be the aforementioned impossible fight (and was, the time I tried).  The fun of the game, of running around kicking bandits in the face and solving problems for townsfolk became overshadowed by a constant string of deaths brought on by unwinnable fights.There's an easy mode that gives the player some benefits, but activating it disables achievements (gotta punish those filthy casuals) and you can't access any of the other character archetypes in the game, which locks out almost all of the games replayability.Currently the only solution to get rid of the difficulty spikes is to use the 'Erase Progress' feature, which you don't realize until it's too late.  Now, after playing for 12 hours, I'm forced to decide to either erase everything I've accomplished or give up because the game is unplayable.Neither of those choices make any sense, and are a big part of the reason I can't recommend this game.  There's a great premise here, and the underlying system is really, really cool, but it becomes difficult to the point of impossibility and I've got better things to spend my gaming time on than dying forever.Should the devs put in a way to disable the artifacts, or otherwise customize the difficulty of the game in a way that doesn't lock out every other character option, I will revisit this review and hopefully change it to a positive."
76561198032339106,Not Recommended,266510,16701407,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Elvis,"This game was almost good.I understand that this is not a AAA game. I'm fine with the memory hogging, the stuttering in fps here and there, even ok with the combat not being that fluent when a lot of attackers are attacking at the same time. Even semi-ok with a few of the button prompts in combat popping up a bit late (after it's to late to actually block).I'm a bit less ok with some other stuff. Like the camera, seriously why even make the game 3d if you can't control the camera (also WAAAAAAAAAY to zoomed in)? Just make it isometric and use 2d graphics a lot less work same result, probably better. Why can't you skip past some of the shuffling, I was removing event cards that I almost liked just cause I don't want go through 4 pick this card events...Even with all the above I would have recommended this game to my friends, cause I enjoyed playing it (on hard) progressing through the sometimes quite unlucky near insta fail runs... until...Last boss 1 shot insta fail QTE from 90 hp with heavy armor. ♥♥♥♥ off. There are several games with instant kill QTE, none of them without continues/saves or similar and none without it being a regular part of the game mechanic. Tossing this in on the final boss is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, seriously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I'm sorry but I will not be buying any more games from you guys, cause I can't in good conscience support game design like that.Whomever made this design choice shouldn't be designing games.P.S. I actually made the QTE (but still died from it)."
,Not Recommended,266510,14891859,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,El Slotherino,you can have the same gameplay if you just flip coins all day.
,Not Recommended,266510,16977941,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Hiryu Protagonist,"Frusterating, luck-based exploration interspersed with clunky real time battles."
76561198021176712,Not Recommended,266510,34211311,Posted: 13 August,all,Tony,"Not a bad game, although it seems to be forced onto PC while it really belongs with the mobile realm. Developers invested heavily in 3D graphics and it's awesome and all but feels awkward and out of place. That actually wouldn't be a problem if it wasn't thrown rght into your face - you now have to click it away in order to get back to playing the actual game. Annoying and draining your time, it is just so sad that 3D awesomeness is the only entertainment offered. Again, no story or an element of strategy puts the game in the solitaire department. A super great beautiful solitaire.Now there's a fight element to it. But don't get too excited just yet. Fights are simplistic and soon become a chore. Fights will make the process of unlocking new cards even longer without really offering much in return. Btw, this card unlocking thing is perhaps the closest to what you can call progress in this game. And 'grinding' is the first word that pops up in an attemp to describe it.The interface and navigation overall feel like a web site brought back from 90's. The resemblance is uncanny. Similar UI/UX flaws, even some glitches that were specific to web pages back in those days.A fair portion of the achievements is only unlockable after buying the DLC. A cheap move if you ask me. Overall it's a solid 5 out of 10 for a casual game that this product is."
76561198052021228,Not Recommended,266510,35400210,Posted: 1 October,all,Dracodan,"I liked the concept of this game being a card game involving battle mechanics, but it falls short as the core of the gameplay is beaten in one sitting with not much effort. It grants you “tokens” which are new cards you can use in your next game however this is best used in the endless mode, if you’re the type of player who doesn’t care about score this won’t be the game for you.The battle mechanics (basically batman arkham city combat) leaves a lot to be desired and seems like it was added on. I do feel they could improve this concept a great deal by beefing up the story/challenges involving cards and swaying away from the batman arkham city combat. Also the game feels like it was designed for IPAD and requires too many buttons and animations to go through different situations. The UI isnt great either as you're left often confused about what combination or curses,blessings,armour and weapons you have in combination.When you want to swap a weapon for another you have to note it down on a pad just to remember where you stand.Love the concept and feel like it can be greatly improved."
,Not Recommended,266510,16998879,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,BornDepressed,The dealer cheats.
76561197980241343,Recommended,266510,21038460,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
76561197991979658,Recommended,266510,16897546,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Paul Fisch,This game is awesome.  Like batman + binding of isaac.
,Not Recommended,266510,33545175,Posted: 14 July,all,Peach Tea,"This game is cool for people who just like looking at cool things and being a cool guy, but if you actually want to play a game this is not for you.The combat doesn't matter to me but it's probably why the game is SO EASY, it is so easy, the first time I thought there was going to be a problem I finished the combat scene in under a minute, it's not fun, because there is no battle.If you want to disregard me for my lack of time playing this game, it shouldn't take more than 20 minutes to establish difficulty in a game, let alone 40, minus all of the cutscenes which this game really doesn't have as much as Bioshock Infinite would, or Battleblock Theatre would, those are not my favorite games but they prove to you that there is challenge within 10 minutes of real gameplay, this game would probably take 10 hours to find difficulty, but I don't like the style that much to actually get into it."
76561198031180032,Not Recommended,266510,31373610,Posted: 26 April,all,Pinkie Swirl,Pros:+ Interresting card game+ good narratorCons:---- combat systemThe combat is so bad for me that I requested a refunded after my first encounter. The rest of the game seems to be OK.
,Not Recommended,266510,17777974,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,LEaught,"It's not so much a deck building game, but more like a bunch of random RPG encounters strung together with a card-themed frame narrative.  The combat, story, and strategy are all shallow."
76561197995294674,Not Recommended,266510,16565344,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lucid,"Other reviews are more in depth and they echo my thoughts, so I'll be consiseThe atmosphere is 100% perfect. It draws you into the world magnificently. The dealer is perfect.. however that's not the whole game. What destroys this atmosphere is the gameplay..Once you're about 2/3rds into the game you'll realize why people left negetive reviews. The combat remains simple and unrewarding, however the monster HP goes up as you get better items to your deck. However you don't start with those items, you have to be lucky enough to find them. So monsters are now punching bags, and every time you run into a combat card you sigh from exhaustion. The end game is just brainless masochism (and I've beaten the castlevania, ninja gaiden, and Ghouls n Ghosts trilogies). You lose because of dice rolls, and the odds aren't in your favor. The final battle is depressingly boring- just a repeat of old bosses and the final boss is just a QTE.I gave the developers months to change it, but they haven't. I recommended this game to many of my friends and I honestly regret it once I saw the full game."
,Not Recommended,266510,17772739,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Deity,"A great idea ruined by frequent, lifeless, repetitive, and bland combat, ripped directly out of action games such as Batman. I'm actually disappointed, as the card generated gameplay and deck building features are unequivocally unique. If they could change up the combat so it feels as unique as the rest of the game, or better yet remove it altogether, I'd recommend this. Buy it on sale for <$5 so you can experience such an entertaining concept, without ending up disappointed that it fell so flat."
,Not Recommended,266510,17084708,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Zanagoth,Do you liked getting ♥♥♥♥ed over by RNGesus on a consistent basis? Play this game!Where trying to open an innocent Treasure Chest can drop you from 100 to 0 health in the span of 5 pain cards.
,Not Recommended,266510,15549766,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Chappy.Bueno,I was looking forward to playing Hand of Fate after reading some of the reviews. This wasn't a gameplay style I'd really indulged in before and when people have a lot of love for a game I'm immediately drawn to a title; unfortunately after a short dabble I was feeling left out of the group of people who seem to have nothing but positive feedback to add to a list of admirable blurbs.It may be one of those things where I just don't enjoy or evengetthe style and my intention isn’t to deride the reviews of people who seem to adore Hand of Fate. Unfortunately I was left with a feeling of dull disappointment and a small hole in my pocket after just over an hour of learning the mechanics. Don't get me wrong I'd happily pay my last cent for something enjoyable and the concept is refreshing but everything else was just overwhelmingly average.Gameplay was OKAtmosphere was OKIt looks OKControls were OK (if not a little clunky)The music and narration are well put together with the aid of a great fantasy style voice actor but even after just over an hour play time the gameplay quickly became repetitive and irritating. I so wanted to love this game; generally if I’m excited by something I’ll be anxious to return to it or navigating obsession but the idea of having to return to this does feel like a bit of a chore.
,Not Recommended,266510,17605364,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Warpath,"This game blew my socks off... for the first 4 hours. Then it all came to ""Ooo. this boss can summon a cannon."" As a long-term investment of your time, Hand of Fate lacks in repeatably entertaining and engaging content, as well as giving you less of a satisfactory, job-well-done feeling when you finish a level as when you build your first house in Minecraft. This may not apply to all people, I realize, considering that, for me, this game was the first deck-builder I have ever played. Still, this game gets boring after about 8 hours of gameplay, leaving you unwanting to finish the whole game and yet feeling like you haven't finished the job. Still, those first 4 hours were fantastic.6/10 For those first 4 hours."
,Recommended,266510,27793191,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,this game is actually really good lol
76561198043013976,Not Recommended,266510,21508216,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,hugmie,Combat mechanic is too primitive and cards part is annoyingly random
76561198069991539,Not Recommended,266510,31760762,Posted: 14 May,all,Jack Burton,"mindless, hack and slash...cards do not play a major roll, just luck of the draw.It just doesnt really offer as much as I wanted in a card game, seems a bit thin.The combat is blah, seen it before batman style combat just less polished. button mash....i mean if on sale it will entertain you for a few minutes but you will get bored quick in my opinion."
76561198367169650,Not Recommended,266510,32982705,Posted: 29 June,all,Cobly,Was fun at first but then got boring after the first couple of hours. Only get the game when it goes on sale. Not worth the full price.
,Not Recommended,266510,17314778,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Localhorst,I'm not into gambling.
76561197970838041,Not Recommended,266510,16882655,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,meowmixx,"Would you like a game that combines deck building like Magic and hack and slash like diablo meets streets of rage?  Well so would I and this game falls far short of the mark.  The deck building is pretty pointless as there seems to be no strategy to it at all.  There are no synergies to be exploited so what's the point?  All it does is give you the space on the board to play and some equipment that the RNG will deem fit to annoint you with or screw you with.Then you have encounter cards that have you picking between four cards with success or failure.  This is such a lame feature I have no idea how it got into the final game.  Maybe somebody is a big 3 card monte fan or played persona 3 too much.Then you have the combat which basically entails whacking a couple guys, some dodge rolling and the occaisional counter telegraphed by the giant green symbol above the enemies head.  Wow.  Excitement it is not.  They try to spice it up with throwing some traps in the levels but all that does is make the combat even more tedious.  I beat some boss called the Queen of Dust with a rusty axe  (thanks RNG) by just running around in circles and then just whacking her after her unblockable attack.  It makes fighting the lamest enemies in Dark Souls seem like Swan Lake in comparison.So let's say you die during a level.  Well you get to keep any cards you get and then try it all over again.   Great.  It's a grindy game as well.  Sorry guys, the actually combat portion of the event is not fun enough to warrant any sort of grind.  Maybe if you made the levels bigger and it were more like a streets of rage type level (waves of enemies) instead of an arena level based upon a whack and roll mechanic it may have been more fun.tl/dr  Not all new ideas are good.   The equivalent of a deep fried salad."
,Not Recommended,266510,16800569,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,PlasteredDragon,"The artwork is very pretty.  That's about the only positive thing I have to say about this game.It is *intensely* boring.  If you want to make a card game, make a card game.  If you want to make an action combat game, then do that.  What you have here is a very mediocre card game and an extremely mediocre action combat game put together.  If they had given up one concept they might have had enough resources to devote to the other to make it good.Here's how it works, you build a deck of equipment, bonus cards and encounters.  And then the game master lays some encounters on the table face down and your game piece ""walks"" across them, you pick the next card to walk on, and frequently you have only one choice.  Each encounter is either a choose-your-own adventure style multiple-choice question with a bit of random chance thrown in, or a ""battle"" if you can call it that.  Each battle is a mouse mashing clickfest.  The mechanics are stunningly bad and you can't even rotate the camera which is very annoying because some of your opponents will run off camera where you can't see them.That's pretty much it.  Card after card after card, monotonous battle after monotonous battle, all accompanied by the narration of the game master, whose mouth is masked but unfortunately not gagged.  The lines are delivered by a capable voice actor, but they are so vapid, uninspired, and ultimately irrelevant that eventually they just become annoying noise that you have to sit through.Sadly, there is no ""shut up"" button in evidence, maybe somewhere in the options?In any event I only played about a half hour or so... if you're bored in 30 minutes it's a really bad sign I figure.  Anyway, I guess it's not a game for me, and listening to other people rave about it, I am clearly in the minority. You may enjoy it, I recommend going on youtube and watching someone else play it for an hour.  If after that you are still interested, you'll probably love it."
,Recommended,266510,28637232,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,15800740087,good  game
76561197997028084,Not Recommended,266510,26170020,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,taviyo,"The critical foundation of any fantasy card game is the strategic use of cards. It's the development of your own customized deck. Combining cards in your customized deck to provide multipliers in combination with other cards, for use against a specific opponent. Hand of Fate is the most perfect name for this game because literally there is no strategy in developing your own deck, it's all left to Fate.Issues-Right off the bat, getting the chance to pull an equipment card is so rare, the whole point of having a customized deck is almost useless.The default size of your customized deck grows every level, decreasing the chances of you pulling any one card. For instance, I believe the start deck size is near 20 cards and since the chance of getting an equipment card to pull is less than once per level, this means the chance of pulling any one card is less than 5%.It's almost as if the dev's intentionally made the user deck larger as you advance levels, as a way to nerf the effectiveness of the cards and having a customizable card deck, in an attempt to make the game more difficult and stretch the game out. If this is the case, it's a bloody shame because its sacrificing crutial gameplay in an attempt to balance.If you guys want to play a really good card game then I suggest going to Pokemon or Hearthstone. There is a reason they are so popular because they are REALLY REALLY well done."
,Not Recommended,266510,16557177,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,CP9,Will write a proper review once the game is playable on OSX.Game freezes everytime an encounter occurs.
76561198110227890,Not Recommended,266510,26115415,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,コナン,can't believe a $25 game can't even lock your mouse in the game while on full screen. Do I suppose to turn off one of my monitor or change to display only on one monitor for playing?
,Recommended,266510,23346932,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Veggen,Good game :)
,Not Recommended,266510,14792255,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Varsoon,"TL;DR:Hand of Fate is two repetitive, hardly innovative, unfortunately vague, sometimes-working games stuck together in a way that's at least pretty. Don't buy it without doing your homework.FULL REVIEW:Hand of Fate boasts an aesthetically gripping melding of two unlike games into a single experience that varies from unplayable to underwhelming. On their own, each of the ‘games’ of Hand of Fate fall far from being worthwhile. Together, the card game and the three-dimensional fighting game intermingle in a way that works just enough to keep players invested in a fairly transparent skinner box.Players are subjected to a deck-building card game that rewards repetitive play with a larger card base and challenges players through proper resource management. Game-to-game rewards are meted out through a shell game that is either too easy or too hard, an aspect that belies the RNG nature of the card game. Overarching rewards are given after successfully completing ‘token’ cards, which have a variety of conditions to complete (some of which are obvious, some obscure, almost all of them lacking explanation). Common issues of RNG exist and are easy to overlook, but there are some more severe instances such as stumbling upon very difficult encounters too early on that force a player have to quit a run of the game or even completely reset their progression overall. Card balance is a huge issue, with several cards being outright stronger than others regardless of situation. Furthermore, the encounter deck that the player must create is a vague collection—there are no indicators of what the encounters do, and some encounters seem variable in their options and outcomes. This makes constructing an encounter deck a chore of either looking up each card online or simply not knowing what each encounter brings in terms of challenge and reward unless the player has drawn that encounter several times. Hand of Fate seems to beckon players to experiment to discover what works and what doesn’t, while punishing players every time that it does not work out both in their current game played and across multiple future games.The fighting game, unfortunately, has even more severe issues. Combat is without weight, several mechanics of the system go unexplained, difficulty of encounters has to be inferred, some arenas are far too unforgiving, and so on. There is a simple system of click-to-attack, click-to-counter incoming moves that’s been popularly attributed to the Arkham series of games. Here, it barely works, as most encounters find the player vastly outnumbered by enemies that constantly attack. It is often difficult to even land two attacks in a row on an enemy without being interrupted in some way, giving combat a hectic and choppy flow. Camera angles can be a detriment to properly positioning the character, especially as some arenas feature traps and enemies can attack the player from off-screen. There’s a rolling maneuver that the player is intended to use to avoid several of the heavier attacks in the game, but the roll often comes out too late and does not offer much in terms of defense thanks to aforementioned issues along with painfully awkward hitboxes. Enemies take far too many hits, with the exception of when the player has specifically itemized to defeat an enemy type, and then combat becomes laughably easy against said enemies. There simply is no middle-ground, though. To further frustrate things, rewards are tied to number of monster cards drawn rather than individual monster difficulty--sometimes beating four skeletons can be just as fruitful as overcoming ten skeletons and a boss you fought before. Overall, combat is a mess, ranging from repetitive and easy to punishingly difficult thanks to a culmination of issues that are out of the player’s hands.Throughout the whole of the game, there simply is a lack of clarity—how much damage am I actually doing? How much damage does my gear reduce? What does an ice-cone attack even do? Is holy damage only extra-effective against undead? Who are these various characters? What does this encounter card even do? What is the purpose? Too many aspects are left to be inferred, both in terms of narrative and mechanics (an appendix would help, even). Oft-times, I find myself recursively fighting through boring encounters, hoping that I actually win the shell games this time around, so that I can unlock more shell games and progress to just being done. There isn’t a gripping narrative arc that makes me want to continue to play to the end. The gameplay from moment to moment is droll and forgettable. There’s nothing that stands out.This all goes without mentioning the several issues the game has just running. It outright crashes on startup, it crashes when loading some encounters, it sees framerate dips on some machines; so on and so forth. Thankfully, the support team for the game has been working on patching out and addressing these issues, mostly via their forums.This isn’t to say it’s all bad. I’d be kidding myself if I said the style of the game and the goals it sets out for aren’t awesome. There’s a very strong aesthetic that permeates the game just as there’s something refreshing about having these two genres put together in such a way that one doesn’t get too boring before the other takes over. Sure, dialogue gets repetitive and lore is a bit sparse at times and obfuscated at times, but it’s charming and interesting when it isn’t.All in all, Hand of Fate is promising, but lacks polish. There are plenty of options that can be fixed, plenty that can be clarified, and several aspects that can be advanced. Sadly, it seems that a complete overhaul would need to be done to each of the games that exist within Hand of Fate for them to work on their own. If you’d like to pick up two flawed, repetitive games that can distract from their flaws and repetition by means of alternation, go for it. If you’re a sucker for how a game looks rather than how it plays, buy the game like I did. If you want a worthwhile playing experience that’s rewarding outside of just earning more stuff in the game, though? Look to spend your money elsewhere."
76561198074644085,Not Recommended,266510,20059037,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,AfroSpaceJesus,"This game is repetetive, and so overpriced. The combat is a snoozefest and the graphics are subpar for a game released in 2015. The only decent part of the game is the board-game aspect where decision-making is a factor and earning cards and coins is semi-rewarding. Other than that, this game has way too much to improve upon before being worth anywhere near the full cost. I got it on sale for 50% off and I still can't say it was anywhere near money well spent. Look elswhere if you know what's good for you.Thumbs down."
76561198007617569,Not Recommended,266510,31125040,Posted: 13 April,all,Smegskull,I want to love this game but the long winded drawn out card animations with every restart in a rogue like game with lots of death just drives you mad.
76561198006694956,Not Recommended,266510,16535828,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,yuirick,"This is a case of a great idea with a poor execution. In general, the cards seem to be poorly planned for how they will actually affect the player - but that is the least of this games problem. The one, huge, fatal flaw of this game is the combat. It is the worst combat/action of any game I've played in a good while, and for a game that seemingly without rest throws combat at you all the time, this isn't good. This isn't good at all.It's a matter of 'press Q to block', and 'left click to attack', without the ability to use the mouse to choose directions - yes, they didn't even manage to implement something as simple as that. The camera is also set, so you can't really turn the angles to get whatever perspective you want.Though to be fair, the game isn't exactly terrible... I'm just... Dissapointed. I read the warnings, I ignored them because it looked interesting, and I paid the price."
76561198068439332,Not Recommended,266510,22805110,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Ludwig Schwarzhelm,"Not sure why this game is so popular, you can unlock all the cards and switch up the campaign. But honestly it does an extraordinary job of boring you. Bland combat with no depth, the main campaign? feels exactly the same the whole time. If you want this game, make sure you get it as cheap as possible."
76561197988323561,Not Recommended,266510,31793519,Posted: 16 May,all,Toejam264,"Don't buy this. The idea is good but the game doesn't play well. It has major problems with the mechanics. In any other RPG you can control the situation by skilling correctly and planning your next steps. NOT HERE! THIS GAME IS BASED ON PURE LUCK! So the cards on the table represent your journey which means random events. Moving to the next card costs 1 food. Some cards have fight events others traders etc. The main problem are cards which are based on luck; like 3 out of 4 choices mean loosing, which in turns means loosing gold and food. So you lost gold and food, but moving to the next cards requires 1 food...the next card is a trader, but you have no money to buy any food (lost your gold remember)......some coards later your food has depleted and moving to the next card means loosing health now. The outcome is you don't even make it to the boss. I like games that require wit, but I hate games based on luck."
76561197965351205,Not Recommended,266510,19363663,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Triptrippen,"Impossible to lose, everybody gets a trophy."
,Not Recommended,266510,15014865,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,HypnoJuice,"A lot of really cool ideas, great theming and style, but it's all built around really mediocre action gameplay."
,Not Recommended,266510,15588893,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,11Di,While a good game it has a good number of glitches. One of which crashes the game at a specific moment in the final boss fight. Contacted them a week ago and still have had no response.
76561198062350090,Not Recommended,266510,15470255,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,tim.sullivan25,"Cool concept; limited entertainment value.I purchased this game after reading a number of positive reviews because I was intrigued by the concept. I enjoyed playing it for approximately one hour, at which point the novelty wore off. The game became extremely repetitive and offered few, if any, chances for succeeding because of strategy. Combat is a little clunkly and not enjoyable. I found myself getting agitated every time I encountered a combat situation not because it was difficult and I didn't know if I was going to survive, but because I had no desire to endure yet another few minutes of spamming the left mouse button, q key, and space bar.Quite frankly, there's not much left to say other than after your 60 minutes of enjoyment you will experience a prolonged bout of depression stemming from the money you just wasted on this game."
,Not Recommended,266510,35095891,Posted: 20 September,all,Cloned Liger,"The game's random mechanics could be good, but the difficulty levels are too unblanced for it. Playing on normal make me feel like a complete noob who has never played a videogame iin his life while hard becomes a nightmare mode where there is so many disadvanatges, 'curses' put on the player where food is taken away for no god-damn reason--oh excuse me for using a fundamental part of the combat system, the counter attack...♥♥♥♥ me right? ♥♥♥♥ing stupid to let the player starve to death because they were using counter-attack. Yes, this comes almost towards the end--but it makes even having the shield worthless, and gives the player a choice to eventually die in combat having no counter attack or die on the board running out of food. Sure you can dodge roll the whole damn time, but I want to feel like a badass when I play games; espcially at later levels when I have mastered the combat system!!!"
,Recommended,266510,16541264,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Casual,"Wow, completely blown away by this game. Think Rouge legacy, but with cards and batman-like combat. One of my best buys from the summer sale 2015 so farPlease make a sequel!"
76561198079469847,Not Recommended,266510,31421577,Posted: 28 April,all,funkylegend,Bad Game. Too many RNG elements. And too few tactical and skill elements. If i want a pure luck game i could also roll a dice.
76561197975291280,Not Recommended,266510,31830578,Posted: 18 May,all,ColMustard,Can't get into it. Combat is basic and the whole premise is just too plain/simple.
,Recommended,266510,26338469,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,"I've always interested in D&D style games.Unfortunately I never had friends to play with me, or time to play with anyone.UNTIL I MET THIS GAME.I'm in no way a ""pro"" D&D player, but this game satisfied all the imaginations and knowledge I ever had about D&D style games.Solid 10/10"
76561198068093748,Not Recommended,266510,17585225,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,DJ Beautiful Toes,"I love this game.. when i can play it.Game was a blast and super fun to play, but everytime i get into the game for about 10-30min all my screens will go black and terrible sounds comes out of my computer. It ends up to me having to restart my computer.Im not sure what is going on because it ONLY happens to this game.Comp Setup:GPU: GeForce GTX 750 TiCPU: AMD FX-4130 Quad CoreMemory: 16 RAMWindows 10If anyone has any solutions please tell! I would really like to give this a game a good review"
,Not Recommended,266510,14585376,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,JaCrispy,"Game is not an RPG, Card Game, or Roguelike.I originally had a different negative review up for this game, (one of the few, i know) and was immediately met with response from the dev offering me a refund.  I mean, thats awesome.  I neglected to take the refund simply because he offered.  With the success of the game i doubt he would have missed my 24.99 but if he was nice enough to do that, ill be nice enough to let him keep it.  I still think this game is terrible, repetitive and packed with misleading user-tags, lol. BUT i will be looking for the next prject from these devs.  EA was smooth, updated regularly and there was always communication.  I can not recommend this game, but i can recommend these devs."
,Not Recommended,266510,14577062,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,speedstr,"Meh. It's a $9.99 game at the most. I'm glad I have enough disposable income to purchase these games without feeling too butt hurt if I don't like them. I do, however, feel sorry for the people out there that can only make a single purchase once every few months and they choose this title.It's not a bad game. It's just a repetetive game. It's by no means a game of skill. Chance and luck ( at least from what I've played so far) are the name of this game. I'll continue to play a little while longer. Perhaps unlocking to get to endless mode but I do not have a lot of faith in things getting too exciting.I understand I don't have that many hours into it but I've played enough games in my life to know the gist of how it's playing out. To be honest this feels more like a glorified text adventure than anything else.I'll stick to my original comment about it being a $9.99 game. And to be honest, I would say give it about 6 months and you'll be picking it up for $5.99."
76561198015198108,Not Recommended,266510,14605295,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,thewanderer30,"This game was fun at first, but got way out of hand about half way in. The final boss throws a QTE at you that kills you instantly wasting all your progress on the final level. If your a into games that are unfair you will probably like this. For me it was a waste of money."
76561197986875524,Not Recommended,266510,14716635,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,RoweShamboe,"good concept, bad graphics, fun, but not worth $25, wait for $10 or under.  There are much better $15 games out there."
76561197993929665,Not Recommended,266510,14739805,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Ducktape,Any game the uses so much luck as a significant factor is not fun imo. I can't recomend this game for that reason and the very clunky combat.
76561198040566004,Not Recommended,266510,14729416,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tgabber,"Slick graphics, well polished game, let down by a little bit too much RNG in the later levels for my liking, plus sometimes tiny arenas to fight too many mobs in.Can't really recommend until they rebalance the RNG."
76561197981048565,Not Recommended,266510,14739860,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Tenn,"I enjoy the premise of the game, but I found the actual execution infuriating once the novelty had worn off, because there's a lot of things that eat up time.The game's pacing is slow after playing it through a few times. Many of the problems with batman-style games exist, like camera issues. This one introduces more problems because situations can arise where it's impossible to block or dodge attacks."
,Not Recommended,266510,19327355,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Permanent,"Almost all of the game is based on chance. The game is full of pseudo decisions, which are effectively just random dice rolls. The combat is boring, repetative and adds nothing."
,Recommended,266510,12628748,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,"This game is great because the devs liked my Manos: Hands of Fate joke in the beginning when it came out. I know this isn't a real review, I mean it's a great game and it's not going to get ""Double-Fined"" (aka abandoned), but I mean, the devs are nice and come on... MANOS: HANDS OF FATE."
,Not Recommended,266510,14817462,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Grayson,"The advertised feature of this is the combat.It is relentlessly shallow.You press a WASD in the direction of an enemy, and then left-click until a green icon appears, and then you press Q. If a red icon appears, you press space.That's it. That is all that there is to combat. WASD to an enemy. Left-click if no-icon. Q if green icon. Space if red icon. You do not need any weapons or powers to defeat every level without getting hit once.This is almost a good game. But the combat sequences are the worst part of it. They're also the hyped feature, which leaves this being a trashy gimmick. Oh and, by the way? If the crummy combat wasn't bad enough? You also gotta wait for it to load into each one. The worst part of the game takes the best part of your time.There's a bit of fun with exploration, cash and food. But you will never, ever, ever, run out of food. And the cash bonuses are who-cares weak, because they only affect combat. Which, again, is so easy that you've got to be mentally-deficient to actually take any damage during.There are occasional trap-gauntlets. Those are sorta fun, just because the controls are so wonky that it's basically random whether you'll get hit or not. I almost came close to getting halfway towards fifty-percent of my health, in a trap room that lagged like butt, one time.Just pass on it."
,Not Recommended,266510,14787827,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Lü Bu,Only game I've ever bought that doesnt work. Avoid it until its released. Its a blackscreen on start up. I get the luxury of pausing and quiting if i get enough of the black screen action.
,Not Recommended,266510,15457497,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,The Big Fish,"Nice idea, but the game is way too random to be enjoyable. Sure, you can ""build"" your deck, but the cards from it then go into random layouts, there's no way to effect the random event results which are flat 25%, 50% or 75% hit/misses, and the only non-random part (combat) is a bit slow and clunky. Plus all the constantly repeating menus/dialog/video makes every action take a second or so longer than it should do, so I found myself constantly hammering A to try and skip through.If it drops below £5, then might be worth it, but really weak for the current price."
,Recommended,266510,14441660,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,[CM]Apophis,"Probably, one of the most AMAZING games I've ever played.An amazing concept, executed very well.Just, ♥♥♥♥ing buy it."
76561198047656545,Not Recommended,266510,14570763,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Darth Mopsy,"There's so much to love about this game and I absolutely wish Defiant success with it, but I can't recommend it at the present. I love the graphics, voicing and concepts but the input method makes it awful and unpleasant for me. It's as if it started off life as a console game, was converted to PC and no-one bothered to consider how interacting with the game could be made a high quality experience for PC users.Keyboard input during combat is a recipe for repetitive strain injury and horrible control. If HoF had a remappable click to move system for combat (Diablo, PoE etc) that lent itself to putting the mouse click on say a Nostromo thumb wheel and counters etc to the keypad, I would recommend it - as it is, regrettably I don't recommend it to those who don't use a controller."
,Not Recommended,266510,14641255,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,ChaosReigner,"Meh, don't believe the hype. The only thing this game has going for it is the masked guys sexfully smooth englishish accent."
,Not Recommended,266510,20064783,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ronco,"it's a good game, but i have refunded it because the game is not worth the price.The game is fun , however there are longer game for the same price , infact the storymode in not so long and i don't like play game in endless mode. Don't judge this game for my review, but it is a game that should cost less than 5 €."
76561198038260174,Not Recommended,266510,24465246,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Seshayn,"**** this game. In every way that it gives you fun and enjoyment, it gives you misery and headache with a 1.1x multiplier. If you want to play a game that is designed to♥♥♥♥♥♥in your mouth at every god forsaken turn, by all means. It seems fun at first. Then it starts kicking you in the balls. Towards the end you will be lucky if 1 out of 10 games are even remotely enjoyable.The way the shell game works with picking success and failure cards is godawful for me. I don't have the best vision, so I can't follow the success cards that well, and almost always mess up. However, this shouldn't even be a thing. It's called Hand of Fate. It's supposed to be RANDOM. The fact that you can follow the cards with your eyes and track the success cards is STUUUUUUUUUPIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIID.So unless I close my eyes for every single encounter, game is trash. It can ♥♥♥♥ off."
,Not Recommended,266510,15117261,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"The game doesn't hold up well on my laptop, but I think that's because it's a five year old computer. What I could play of the game was fun. I liked the card elements of the game, but not the battle system. The small battle arenas were very frustrating because they don't give you much space to move when you're surrounded by enemies. This lead to me dying frequently which was annoying. I'm not sure if I would find this less frustrating on a faster computer because the graphics were really slow for me which made reacting in battle hard. At the moment, this is a mixed review because I liked elements of the game. I wish I could give it a full recommendation."
76561197997445056,Not Recommended,266510,15662876,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,5pcm1chael5,"Yeah. Finally got it to open/download. Still crap. Controls are crap. Don't do what the game tells you that they do. You hit the button that the game tells you to when it tells you to and either nothing happens, or the wrong thing. MOvement? Yeah that doesn't work either. You basically move and random until you die or maybe make something esle die at random. Must have gotten your friends to plug this because it is horrid. You should be ashamed of yourselves."
76561198001737061,Not Recommended,266510,15540051,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Newbie Z,Meh.Made for the console and not the PC.Not a card game..just a bad console combat port.Don't bother with your time or money.
76561198024593212,Not Recommended,266510,16531097,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Wham-Bam-Thank-You-Man,"By far the WORST game I have ever bought. It lags so hard that it's completely unplayable. 1-5 FPS.Mind you, I can run Minecraft and DayZ at the same time, both at max graphics, both with an average of 110 FPS. The fact that a card game at the lowest possible graphics, even after having configured my graphics card FOR the game, still runs at 1-5 FPS, baffles me.I emailed support and demanded a refund."
76561198058971673,Not Recommended,266510,31942977,Posted: 24 May,all,Le Master of Le Swords,The idea of the game is good but the combat is kind of borning and tedious after a while. But if you want to play a game with this type of combat just play the Arkham Games.
76561197972369732,Not Recommended,266510,31937634,Posted: 24 May,all,tanelorn,"This game did absolutely nothing for me.I didn't have too much a problem with the rng which other players are having issues with, I just thought that the combat portion of the game was horrible.At first, the game appears to have the look of a Batman-arkham style or Shadow of Mordor style fighter, but you'll quickly realize that the similarities end there.  The combat here is mindless and that's even when the camera cooperates, which isn't often.  You'll be constantly attacking or tying to dodge something which you can't see.WIth the combat being negligible, the only thing left is the deck building portion of the game which is just boring.I'll give the game 3 out of 10.Don't pay $20 for this."
76561198145873150,Recommended,266510,21627700,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Lorc,.
76561198104343371,Recommended,266510,23802501,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Meowmix,great game
76561197970179466,Not Recommended,266510,31367184,Posted: 25 April,all,Dodge_This,"**This game is like the horrible long intros some youtubers have before the actual content kicks in only you cannot skip it.Game is beautiful, but took me 49 minutes to beat about 5 to 6 bosses/cards in the cabinet. I did not care about what the dude was saying. Let the game pick the cards for me. All I wanted was to have the painfully long animation (which you cannot skip) to be over. I mean imagine playing poker but the dealer takes nice 5 minute shuffle each time the game begins...jees..Found myself clicking as fast as I could to skip the animation where the hero pops-up for the battle, maybe the keys are bindable (spacebar??) but I kept clicking fast as if my life depended on it (maybe it was from being bored to death).You can always click the skip button - I think clicking is faster.Great looking game I just wish the developers played it atleast 12 times before saying ""Yup all those cut scene / animations between the meat of game are about the right length"".Game is goregeous but there is no depth - unless all you care about are beautiful animations. Most encounters and I know they are early-on game levels -- where over in less than a minute for me.Beautiful game poor execution - I enjoyed the repetative battles more than the card mechanics. @ Dev Learn from hearthstones - don't just reinvent the wheel.Good talk on GDC by the way."
76561198006529754,Not Recommended,266510,14730250,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Blixx,the game is a bit childish and silly
,Not Recommended,266510,15471999,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,William Shakesman,"Excellent presentation, delightful voice work and acting, wonderful blend of ideas... but it's just no fun. It's so overwrought, takes so long to get going, and just plods. Flip a card, make a choice, try to watch the 3 card monte game to see if you succeed, do a quick round of Batman combat. Repeat forever.Worth getting on the cheap just to experience it. I could listen to the dealer read the phone book."
76561198030495558,Not Recommended,266510,14630102,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,dragoon5,"This is a great game, innovative and addicting. However, after spending 1 hour with the game, I spent another one with Lenovo system recovery."
,Not Recommended,266510,28184837,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cartof,"Very nice effects in this game, good atmosphere (both audio and graphical). Unfortunately it is a bit expensive and the combat is too simple/annoying.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEWE3EggJCE"
,Not Recommended,266510,20630539,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Ferrugio,....I don't like to pay a game and yet have to pay more to play the game....f@ck this blsht!!!
76561197997238000,Not Recommended,266510,17609803,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Duncan Idaho,"Novelty game. Great idea, absolutely flawed execution. Worth $5, paid $15. Clearly designed for a console, playing on a PC is like sawing out your own liver with a hairbrush. I like puppies."
,Not Recommended,266510,33094788,Posted: 1 July,all,Ga 🅱 en,Combat gameplay is very lame and rng is very annoying.
,Not Recommended,266510,16736568,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Geofferic,"This is terrible, it's not really a card game, and the melee combat aspect (holy♥♥♥♥♥♥how shoe horned is that) is god-awful.Do not buy.Just don't.Absolutely a ripoff."
,Recommended,266510,31830176,Posted: 18 May,all,M⌬rtius,i like this game
76561197982833337,Not Recommended,266510,14630468,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,RatBastage,"I might change my mind later, right now I feel the difficulty curve on this game is out of whack.It feels like a bait and switch. I watched several reviews and lets plays and it looked like a fun somewhat casual game. And it is.... until you get the cup. Then it becomes a fairly hard core rogue like where every fight can end your game, where RNG can and will end your runs.I have noticed a pattern in the reviews most people recommending the game have very little time in game, while most people not recommending it have 10+ hours. That is because the game changes pace very suddenly.Now if you are looking for a hardcore roguelike that will challenge you. I think you will like this. If like me you thought you were getting a casual game... yeah you wont be so happy."
76561197992988822,Not Recommended,266510,31047005,Posted: 9 April,all,plooschack,I'd love to recommend Hand of Fate but.. no. The idea seems to be great but it gets very repetetive and provides low-to-now challange as you can beat everything without leaving your comfort zone. There is neither need or incetive to do otherwise. And that translatesino boring and unexciting game.
,Not Recommended,266510,14691055,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Travis Montgomery,"DO NOT DOWNLOAD!!!My computer has never acted the same since downloading this glitchy game!  The last time I played it, my entire computer shut down and had to run a disk recovery for hours.  This game is extremely buggy, the producers really jumped the gun early by allowing a game with dangerous side effects to be downloaded so early.  I will be deleting this game off my system to prevent any further issues.  Huge waste of money."
76561198058048720,Not Recommended,266510,14481716,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,raitheblackwolf,"Hand of Fate is a good concept and has good potential. A player gains cards to add to a deck that is used to randomly generate a ""dungeon"" that must be expored/fought through to reach the end card which is a boss creature. The graphics are very good and the card system is creative. However, the game gets quickly repetative especially on creature encounters. All fighting encounters are basically the same and once you learn what choices benefit your character on cards tht allow a choice you can avoid negative effects easily and make easy gains. The game is a little slow in playing as you jump back and forth between encounter and card dealer. While the concept is solid the game play needs revising. While Initially the game interested me and the reviews I read lead me to beleive I would enjoy the game overall I was disappointed. The current price of the game is to high for what you get, perhaps once the game is finished it would be better."
76561197974952701,Not Recommended,266510,14594716,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,trvp,"Only buy this if you are looking for a game that is 90% based on pure luck (yes, I realise its called ""Hand of Fate""). Some nice touches, but gets repetitious quickly despite being touted as infinitely replayable."
76561198014746927,Not Recommended,266510,14582842,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,cursedkakashi,Impossible to beat later levels unless you get lucky. Combat is a way clunkier version of the Batman combat and that's not a good thing.
76561198079141440,Not Recommended,266510,14571688,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Flymbo,♥♥♥♥♥was weak
76561198099771381,Not Recommended,266510,32368237,Posted: 12 June,all,falseoracle,Too random.
76561198084540812,Not Recommended,266510,23774756,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,some random dude,not for me
76561197992173446,Not Recommended,266510,14569796,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,tbcivx,"Caution: This game is not out of beta! Don't let the 1.0 fool you. If you buy this game you are buying an early access title, and a broken one at that. This one has been on my wish list for a while, but I have been burned on early access before, so I waited for the full release (ha!).  My first hint that something was a little ♥♥♥♥y was on the opening screen when it told me to hit the X box ""A"" to start the game. I get that this is a port over from the console world, but it strikes me a lazy and shoddy to not change those X box icons out for the players on PC.Whatever…not a deal breaker…I hit ""A"" (enter) and I'm put into cinematic of a hooded and masked gent levitating cards. Very spooky, great ambiance. However, the scene is ruined by the fact that his mask is glitched, and doing backflips as it clips through his head!(http://i.imgur.com/gyxRdyK.jpg)I'll let some glitches and clipping go on the final release on a huge game like GTA, Day Z, or Skyrim; but this game has one guy and he is bugged in the first 5 seconds of the game.Again, this is annoying, and not something I expect out of a game that claims to be out of beta, but it does not ruin the game. So let's talk gamplay. . . but wait , I can't play the game!I have been playing mouse and keyboard and I have yet to find any way to navigate on the main game board, inventory screen or merchant screen. I can only click on what is highlighted as the first default option.game: ""choose one of these 4 cards""me: ""number one""game: ""you can fight 40 bandits, 5 bandits, or 2 bandits""me: ""40""game: ""you can jab yourself in the eye with a fork or have 500 gold""me: ""well pass the fork because I CAN'T CHOOSE ANYTHING ELSE!""This is maddening; table flipping, rage quitting, neighbors calling the police maddening. Underlying all this is a nagging feeling like I'm somehow ♥♥♥♥ing it up. I'm not a casual gamer, so I'm assuming I'm not making some sort of ""keyboard not plugged in"" type of obvious mistake, but after hours of trial and error I have concluded that the game is either broken or requires actual telekinetic powers as demonstrated by the dealer to be able to play. I'm going to assume that I'm intended to use the AWSD controls to navigate, but these do nothing. I have sat in the inventory screen and pressed every button on the keyboard and mouse, and nothing will navigate. No way to select any weapons or armor, no way to pick different cards when I have any multiple card choice. Nothing but accept, or exit the game.This game is still VERY broken and if you pay for it be advised that the ""1.0"" ""not in early access"" is a total lie."
76561197982467179,Not Recommended,266510,14525583,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rigand,"DO NOT be fooled by this game. Everyone and their dog is saying that the combat is horrible right? Well, guess what. That is 99 percent of the game. Majority of the cards you step in has a combat encounter. The boss is a QTE and a combat encounter. What the♥♥♥♥♥♥Listen, Devs. If you can't make a good combat system, don't let that be the MAJORITY OF THE GAME."
,Not Recommended,266510,14549883,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Flak,Very little work has been done to map the controls to PC. Controlling your character is limited to 4 directions. I have yet to figure out how to select cards. Would have been nice to allow mouse controls for that.
,Recommended,266510,23424586,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Froge,yes
,Not Recommended,266510,29570426,Posted: 29 January,all,SEND EM 2 THA ESSENCE,not as good as yugioh
,Recommended,266510,27609018,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Linkin,"surprisingly addicting, great strategy game and a great game to test your luck."
76561198045617637,Not Recommended,266510,11270825,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Yiu1134,"As it is now, the game isn't worth buying. Runs terribly on mid-end machines, even on the lowest graphics settings, combat is clunky and unresponsive, and several features present before early access, for example the ability to skip boring and oft-repeated cutscenes, aren't available."
76561197992461811,Not Recommended,266510,13682331,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Iceblade711,"So a friend refered this game to me to check out. Heres the scoop Its really fun at first there around 70 quest an about half of them change up depending if your successful on the skills test. When you get to the first kings bosses it gets stupid hard to the point you hit a skill wall unless your young and have super reflex your going to have to reset an start over. 19 hrs of game play and experance 80% of the game. 2nd when i frist downloaded the game an installed it. The open screen says press A to enter.. (A) for a gamepad I only have mouse an keyboard. After searching the fourms found where someone posted. to hold shift key when loading the game it gets you into the setting menu from there found that the A button had a second setting map to the return key. Theres no way to set the difficulty on the game. So if your a older gamer like me you may come to the point where your unable to beat the game.  It needs alot more content, a setting for easy,medium,hard,extream, And a lot more loot all in all  theres around 220 cards an items in the game. My suggestion wait for this to go on sale for $5 or less or untill till they have a finished product. Another thing at the boss kings unless you get really lucky on your random map and loot at the start of the level expect to be re-playing the same quest over and over untill you get a good loot drop at the start of the level."
76561198069050351,Recommended,266510,23421801,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,lil piss the whoop,Thumbs Up
,Not Recommended,266510,14532344,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dad,"This game is like going to one of those Japanese Hibachi restaurants when you're starving. All you want to do is eat, but you've got to sit through the whole production before you can get any food. You go in to sit at a table and the chef has to make small talk while you watch him try to flip morsels of meat into your tablemates mouths, you have to endure the stuipid onion volcano trick (wow great job) and finally, twenty minutes later, he scrapes some rare steak onto a pile of rice and since you're starving you go hog wild and eat everything you've been given in large mouthfuls. Finsihed with your meal and still hungry, you're handed a bill that seems entirely disproportionate to the amount of food you actually got.A deck building roguelike you say? Make my own deck and then fight through it? Wow this sounds awesome, here's $25!And then you download it and you have to wait every turn while the stupid dealer cinematic plays and he sluggishly deals the cards out onto the table, making the same remarks every time he deals a particular card. There's combat in this game, if you can call it that, since it's about as fun as a QTE and just as challenging. This game would be awesome if they had more card variety and they removed the third person combat and (especially) the whole sitting-at-a-table-playing-cards-with-a-wizard gimmick.This is a very bad game. Do not buy this."
76561198068920890,Not Recommended,266510,34544855,Posted: 27 August,all,Wirewing,"Do you miss God of War but hated all those screen filling bosses? Boyo, do I got a game for you!  It's not boring - it's just pointless."
76561198012649165,Not Recommended,266510,23174794,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Shadowgl00m,They never seemed to fix the first few turns of rolls.  I just found myself restarting the game after rolling the dice twice.  How much fun can that be?  You don't even get started in an adventure when you are already at 3 food on the 3rd tile...Rolling bad was very punishing and prevented me from ever really getting into the game.  Would not recommend.
76561198112915546,Not Recommended,266510,23367893,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,sassymydog,I think I would normaly have liked this game but it doesn't stick with me and i very much dislike this game. It's just missing something.
,Not Recommended,266510,28126204,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,darkmoose,"If there is such a thing as too much production value this game has it. too much artwork, too much innovative gameplay, too much voice acting, too much writing. It gets disorienting. İf there were a balance it would not be such a problem. Sometimes simpler choices bring out other qualities. You cannot make a tasty dinner tossing all the spices in. Unfortunately this is another game I doubt I will complete."
76561198134487166,Not Recommended,266510,22996005,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,AR,Game gets boring quite quickly. The combat is boring and not challenging.Buy this only on major sale.
76561198068675696,Not Recommended,266510,23122340,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Saddest Azmopanda,"If you really love getting stomped by unfair BS, buy this game, you'll have the time of your life!"
76561198071773700,Not Recommended,266510,24043512,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Smooth,Don't buy or play this game because is boring is quick and most of time you will rage quit.
,Not Recommended,266510,12964640,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Tedious, with generic combat and excreble animation. Very poorly optimised, annoying voice acting. This is not the card game / combat game you are looking for. (Unless you're looking for a boring generic one)"
76561198070742757,Not Recommended,266510,14607633,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,antarcticite,This game is too difficult.I wanted just casual card game.last part of the story mode is perfectly action game.I did not buy to enjoy the action game.And It is bad that camera control is not allowed.It's unfriendly action game for the genuine card game mania.
76561198035490816,Not Recommended,266510,28503043,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,lostwolf1990,runs like♥♥♥♥♥
76561197960771531,Not Recommended,266510,23155450,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lano,Kinda.. booring
76561198044195889,Recommended,266510,29575880,Posted: 29 January,all,FelipeJoker,"Really nice game! Has surprised me in many ways.I've defeated the All the bosses, including the expansion ones, and I feel its enough to say that the combat in this game is not a problem, as some players may say. It does have its own way of working, though, so you should not expect the same feel you may have had with other games. I enjoyed a lot learning the way the combat flow, when to attack, how the opponents react, etc.This game is more of a risk vs reward game than anything. You get to a card. You have choices. The results may vary a little, but after you have faced it a few times, you learn how it works, and if the risk  is suitable for that session. Do you need to try to grab another weapon in the bottom of a canyon? Or are you ok with the one you have? Maybe it is a good idea to try to get that weapon to sell it, but do you have life to spare in case you fail?Also, notice that the 4-card-shuffle is possible to be followed. Yes, if you pay close attention, you may get to see the card you want being shuffled, and even if only one of the 4 cards is a success, you may follow it with your eyes and get it. (as the game progresses, this becomes harder, though!)That is another good thing to understand. I played the first 4 bosses without dying. When I had to face he las bosses, however (especially the final boss) I died over and over again, The difficulty keeps increasing! :)"
,Recommended,266510,29568072,Posted: 29 January,all,Ishvii,"This game's mechanics are hard to explain, but it's about narrative, random events, rogue-like story telling and third person arena combat. It's great to play something that feels original, and it's very well made. Controller support."
76561198042921941,Recommended,266510,29530083,Posted: 27 January,all,Seven.SixFour,"Combat based card game about beating an old man in cards. A ♥♥♥♥ed up plot, but the game is good.Also ♥♥♥♥ rats.-rep for rats"
,Recommended,266510,17244033,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,alphamonkeyco,Very interesting. Can be very out of balance. Cards alone can kill you and that's that. Might be just sour grapes. I haven't played long. Have to go back to the easiest level just to get anywhere.
76561198103692349,Recommended,266510,15615458,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,haushalterjes,"I've been intrigued by this mish mash of CCG/beat em' up since It first appeared on kickstarter, and I am so glad it turned out to be just as well conceived and addictive as I hoped it would be. First thepros:1.) Incredibly fast and fluid gameplay mechanics, simple combat but rewarding combat, excellent balance of card based mechanics and strategy elements.2.) I love the voice actor for the enigmatic dungeon master who is your constant companion throughout the game. He adds so much personality to the game and just makes you want to keep coming back just to see him alone.3.) the entire experience from the univerally woodcut artwork on the cards to the beautiful fable-inspired 3d graphics are all very beautiful and just ooze a sense of fantasy inspiration.4.) absolutely tons of cards to unlock and collect5.) addiction, seriously I bought this game on 4/29 and i've put in about 3-4 hours that day alone! I can't stop playing it.Cons:1.) the balance can be slightly unforgiving at times, it rewards cautious play rahter than risky behavior, as at times the downsides can be game-ending. Though this is part of the rouge-genre.2.) the ""card shuffling"" mini game is a bit of a mixed bag. One the one hand it's kind of addictive learning how to follow the cards on the other hand it adds an element of unpredictability to the game that takes some of the control out of your hands which makes certain pitfalls seem unfair. Which leads to frustration.3.) there are only 12 levels, which initially seems rather short, but there is an inclusion of an endless mode which is where the real meat of the game is at.In conclusion:HoF is definitely worth the buy. It's one of the most enjoyable games of the year thus far and has potential to be played for years if steam opens up a curated workshop for custom mods OR if the dev releases more dlc and more cards. Seriously they're on to something with this game. :) Pick it up."
76561197991481379,Recommended,266510,17039012,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,gough1980,Great game. Highly recommend it.
76561198136453912,Recommended,266510,17272589,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,LtMaximumYT | kickback.com,"This game is about the ideo game equivlent of dungeons and dragons. First of, the graphics are amazing. It is a card based role playing game with much content to be done, and if you finish the story theres still endless. The only downsides are that there are still a few glitches and the last level is almost imposible even on easy (coming from a guy who defeated every other level). So if you like the kind of game this is then i would definately recommend you to buy it!"
,Recommended,266510,17274181,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,O͓̱ͪ̌ͧͬ̐͢͝)̰͉̯͍̍̑ͩ͡ͅ)͖̗ͧ̏̐ͅ)ͥ̾̓̕,"Hand of fate is like playing d&d with an absalute♥♥♥♥♥♥as your dungeon master, the gameplay choices are the best part but the cobat needs some polish"
76561198158152954,Recommended,266510,17283166,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Enderlord99,This game is amazing.  PLAY IT ASAP!
,Recommended,266510,17288265,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,BeefSupreme,Great game with very high replay value. Combat mechanics are simple - but surprisingly fun!
,Recommended,266510,17151877,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,gizmo5096,Definitely a brilliant game. Such an awesome mixture of genres with some rougelike elements throw in. The card master is one of the more memorable characters I can remember. Top five of 2015 games.
,Recommended,266510,16514519,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Suikosword,"As others have echoed, it's the perfect mix of brawler and collectable card game with some adventure thrown in. Even though I got it on sale, at full price it's still worth the money. Buy it if your interested in trying something new."
76561198047240355,Recommended,266510,17094309,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,blackbulldog,"The game is a 3D brawler, which uses cards to present opponents, loot, gear and the random encounters you'll meet.  It's a very good first game by an indie developer and I'd love to see more stuff by this team.  It's obvious that this game was made with tender loving care.Pros:The game has a wonderful aesthetic and the music and atmosphere are fantastic.   The presentation is absoultely the best thing about the game.  The voice naration and card dealing are first rate.  The game has absoultely wonderful graphics too.Cons:The brawling animations are functional, but need work.  It feels like the game isn't as responsive as it should be, and at times the small amount of input lag can cause damage or death to your character.  It's difficult to pull off 3D brawling with a counter system and I personally feel like the game would've been better if it was a 2D brawler.The camera can also be a source of frustration at times.  When your character moves farther away, the camera doesn't show the near end of the level and it's possible to not see incoming attacks.The game starts off very easy but difficulty ramps up a bit too fast for my taste.  The first few levels are very easy and by middle of the game I was struggling to reveal all the encounters and live.   By the time I hit the last couple of levels I felt like all I wanted was to just get through with as few encounters as possible, which imho is not how the game should be played,  I actually had to lower the difficulty from hard to normal for the last 3 levels because I could not finish it on hard."
,Recommended,266510,16983426,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Cheshyr,"An excellent card game, combined with a fluid combat system and devious traps. It reminds me of the Pathfinder card game, with more interesting mechanics and a huge variety of encounters and cards. No two games are the same."
,Recommended,266510,15597934,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,shundread,"I like the game. The Linux support for this game used to be broken for my setup, but it seems like with recent updates the bugs I used to experience are gone.The soundtrack to the game is great, and the visuals good. The gameplay may be simplistic at first, but soon enough as you progress through the game's challenges you'll find yourself having a hard time agaisnt the game."
,Recommended,266510,17072785,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,HitMan77,Just during my short time playing this is a quite different RPG/deck building game with charm.  I really like the diversity of getting new cards as this gives you options to build your own quests as you play so things don't get repetive during gameplay.  There is actually combat encounters with very good gfx when you encounter combat oriented cards and each cards gives you some variety.  I have also experienced traps and they were fun to run through.I say give this game a shot.  It is great but would recommend a sale like I did during the Summer when I got it 50% off.  If you can't wait for sale the game is still worth it.Graphics:  8/10Sound:  8/10Combat:  7/10Variety:  10/10Overall:  9/10
,Recommended,266510,17196654,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,TheJohnnyK,"TLDR:Gameplay - 7/10Graphics - 7/10Audio - 9/10Controls - 7/10Overall - 7/10I WOULD Recommend.Hand of Fate is an interesting title from Defiant, a hodge-podge group of Australian blue bloods and potential filled greenhorns. After launches of games on multiple platforms with varrying degrees of success this group turned to kickstarter to help get one of their more ambitious games released. After a Succesful funding of $54,095 AUD the game was released to steam with very positive reviews.GAMEPLAY - This game offers a wide variety of different aspects. At the surface it is an RPG-like linear adventure game following a random itteration of card placements that the player picks almost at random. As the game progresses the player is introduced to both Hack-N-Slash fighting reminiscient of the Batman games which comes across somehow as both novel and trivial. Finally the player is also introduced to what lies at the heart of this game: deckbuilding. While the game appears to be centered around this aspect it is just as easy for the player to never have to do any of their own building to progress through the entirety of the game. This allows for the player to choose how they would like to play the game and allows for a game that is more immediately approachable by a wider audience. 7/10GRAPHICS - Upon first glance of the title screen with our singular character floating and shuffling his deck of cards by magic it is easy to think the game is beautiful. The atmosphere of the games setting feels volumisically appropriate and well designed. The cards artwork is appropriate, but lacks the subtleties of a physical card game such as Magic or Munchkin. The games biggest graphical downfall comes from the animations. It is first noticed on the initial dealings of the cards that the cards aren't quite as fluent as you would want them to be from a magical card shuffling man, and that is even on the highest of settings. It is also quite apparent that the hits and strikes during the combat portions of the game seem to miss entirely but still do damage. Despite the issues with animations the graphics don't feel poor. 7/10AUDIO - The audio in this game is very subtle. The voicework of the Dealer is well casted and recorded, and despite some repeats in dialogue feels varied enough to keep the player interested in the storyline. Background noises and sound effects always feel in place but do lack the instant recgonizability that all developers would like to obtain. The voice work however in this game is done masterfully and used in conjuntion with the simplistic soundscape and effects the audio deserves some praise. 9/10CONTROLS - This game doesn't ever feel out of hand. I am not sure as to whether or not they recommend that you use a controller, but that was the preferred method during my playthrough. The game feels fine under keyboard and mouse as well, despite a few issues with selecting cards, the game still feels intuitive. Any control issues come down to the combat once again where the controls feels both too simplistic and without force. 7/10GAMEPLAY - The game excels in its script. The Dealers dialogue is both humourous and insightbul at times as well as a pleasant driving force through out the game. An action RPG that lets you play through a trading card game feels new and different, however the action part of the game does feel hampered. It is easy to play the story mode through without touching the endless mode at all. Endless mode, while fun and different, feels like a remnant of Defiants IOS past. 7/10"
76561198179803039,Recommended,266510,16779304,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,mag,"Fun, reflex based combat system with a light strategy touch (positioning, mainly).Replayability is very good and there are enough different encounter cards that it keeps things interesting even if you have to play through a ""level"" more than once.Card effects can be a little harsh, especially since it is based on RNG. I mostly die of being broke and starved, and it happens enough that it can't be called bad luck. Also, there are very OP cards which make encounters trivial.Overall great concept, but need balancing work so that drawing a card increases or reduces the difficulty in an appropriate way, and there are less game breaking card draws.Still a thumbs up as it stands."
76561197984253148,Recommended,266510,17068337,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,(8) Nєl™,"Superbly addictive, frustrating yet rewarding, highly recommended, 8/10"
76561198030775494,Recommended,266510,16731237,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Arkatreides,"It's hard to sum in in just a few sentences.On the surface it is fairly simple. The game consists of about a dozen missions (each with a different boss encounter at the end, each taking about 10-30 minutes). You have a deck of cards that represent the items you might find during each mission and another deck that represents the encounters you might come across during the mission. The encounter cards also form the 'dungeon' in that they are placed face down in a pattern and you need to walk over them to activate them.At first you only have a few basic items and a few encounters, but each time you 'beat' an encounter card, you get new cards, either new items, new encounters or both. This happens even if you don't beat the boss at the end. Thus even an unsuccessful mission rewards you with more gear for the next time you play the mission.The neat thing is that you choose the set of encounters in the deck yourself, meaning you can stack the deck towards a certain type of encounter.The other thing is that the encounter unlocks themselves tell a story, for example there is one encounter chain where you first come across to lovers who want to run away together, you will later unlock further encounters that tell you what happened to them afterwards. This unlocking of quests gives you another progression axis, so instead of just running the missions and progressing that way by beating the bosses you also progress on this encounter-unlocking axis which makes failure much less frustrating and runs much less repetitive than it would otherwise have been.The narrator is absolutely awesome and really pulls you in to the game.The combat is ok, it's a low prodction values version of the Arkham system. I see some people complain about it not being that great, but it is perfectly functional. The combat sections generally are quite short, and for that the way it works is fine. I have not had any complaints."
76561197995118921,Recommended,266510,14534756,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Izumi,Great game
76561198042370159,Recommended,266510,15495338,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,benrsmith,"Updated review based on further play and updates:This game had the potential to be brilliant, and indeed, it starts out that way; fresh, original and challanging, it draws you into it's world, rewarding skill and punishing carelessness in a way that feels balanced and well thought out.The presentation and voice acting is sublime. I loved the dealer and his snarky little remarks. The VO is superb and I hope to see more of this kind of thing in future games. Another good point are the mechanics of the game; Easy to grasp and introduced smoothly and clearly. If you have any exposure to card or tabletop board games at all then you already know how to play this game, it is that intuitive.The game is hard, unforgivingly so in later levels, but the 'cheapness' and unfairness seems to have been toned down a bit. The brilliance seen at the start now shines through at all points of the game, something I am immensly pleased about.5 Hanged man cards in a row? Yes, that will happen again and again. Nightmare Golem Hunting party cards? Yup, over and over! If this doesn't kill you then the game will just start throwing bosses at you whenever it feels like it; ""Oh I see you are approaching a shop....KING OF DUST AND A DOZEN MOBS!!!!!!!!"" This will come after some unlikely card removes your best weapon of course. Do not think this is exaggeration, it is impossible to exaggerate how much this game enjoys shafting the player.At first I thought this later spike in difficulty and cheating ruined the game, but on reflection I think it adds longevity and I suppose it is in keeping with the theme. Some of the more outrageous BS does seem to have been 'dialed back' which is defintely a positive move. I do not mind losing a game, but losing through no fault of my own, again and again was getting galling.Overall this is unlike any other game you will play. It has absolutely massive replayability and the charm of the presentation, and fun of the core game is enduring, never outstaying it's welcome.I will be keeping and eye on this developer if this is the standard of game they put out!"
76561198007460809,Recommended,266510,22458466,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Goober McNutty,"Awesome, original and highly replayable!"
76561198136235875,Recommended,266510,21684335,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Palermo,"Amazing game!It is combining card play with Real Time Combat.While the combat system is not the best out there, you will have fun bushing skeletos and monsters with a variety of weapons.A highly entertaining with maximum replayability game!Defenately recomended."
76561198207996871,Not Recommended,266510,21642776,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Pastor Ssempa,"EXTREMELY REDICULUOUS DIFFICULTY CURVE!!!BOSSES R TOO FLIPPING SICKAWKWARD CAMERAUNFAIR MECHENICSREPETITIVE FIGHTINGthe more you play the more freaking hard it gets.it is not very nice when you met king of plague and king of skull at the same time in one regular encounter.i spent nearly 15 rounds to defeat the king of plague whereas the bosses earlier wont take more than 4 rounds to defeat.this really drives me so off that that i have to revise this comment to 'not recommended'.also there r many minor problems or bugs that need to be fixed.like when i buy gears or food i have to click the card again to show the right info.and just now b4 i went for the king of plague my HP was reduced to half by 'heavy burden',but the PROBLEM is it takes more than 5 turns to return the heros' gear to his folks.this is all cuz i used the 'explorer' hero from the dlc  which you devs havn't spent much time to test the compaitablity of these heros with the main game.like as the adventurist i can move back and forwards between the card ive explored to get as many HP i want withou consuming food.as many have said the motivation of playing this game is unlocking cards.well,when that stops,you will not only be turned off,but also found this game extremely unfair and repetitive with its unique combinaton of AWKWARD CAMERA and stupid traps,and all those throwing knives, bullets,and fireballs.as you defeat bosses,your monster card pool will be added with all those jacks and kings you have defeated.sometimes you get 2 bosses in one combat plus all their minions who can get healed or resurrected.this is just sick man.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------to start with,this game is quite enjoyable.i bought this game with a 75% discount and i'd say the money is well spent.however when i start to beat the last 3 levels it has becoming a miserable grind.it only costs 5-6 attacks from enemies for you to startover.also the traps r killing me with the increasing damage (especially when you cannot see them cuz of the awkward camera angle which is also a minor minus point) as you advance through the levels.btw,with about 20 hrs played at this game,i can tell that RNG is really not for me.at least now i can remove one titile from my wishlist kk"
,Recommended,266510,21834127,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DF.Sorme,Definitely a game to get.
76561198008857630,Recommended,266510,21507132,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,MythTrip,"Surprising amount of fun. Absorbing. Deck builder, combat is excellent in that it is streamlined. You are in control, your moves make a real difference. Excellent, buy this one!!!"
,Recommended,266510,21829119,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,kburns10,"The game is not going to win any awards for ""depth"" so to speak, but it's a great game for what it is. You play a traditional card based aventurer where a fortune teller of sorts draws your fate through cards. Any combat is done in real time with an ""Arkham City"" like fighting system. It's very basic, but gets the job done. Really the combat only serves to move you along in the story.If you are looking for a fun adventure game that can be played in short sittings, look no further. What it lacks in depth it makes up for in story."
76561198008345873,Recommended,266510,21751562,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,sourface,"The best offer that the elusive genre of ""card game come alive"" has to offer: the random element of a card game meets action gameplay meets fantasy."
76561198061824645,Recommended,266510,16819312,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,wesleto02,"Rougelike, CCG, brawler, with a dark and interesting antagonist.It's an indie title that's tried something new, and nailed it in my opinion. on't be everyones cup of tea.But the game is laid out fairly simply enough, it's a rouge like where each card is an encounter of some sort either won by luck, prior knowledge, or through brawling. There are a 3 decks, your deck of cards that you can select to put into the pile, the antagonists deck which he picks from to screw you over as you play the game, and the static cards put into the pile based on which boss awaits you at the end of that run. Each time you play you can earn new cards by successfully beating an encounter for the first time, this will give you more cards to pick from when you play the next round. Will you make your deck challenging with higher rewards for those risks, or easier with less rewards which will leave you less capable of fighting the boss at the end of that run...?The story arc is interesting and I never lost my curiousity for what the main character is trying to achieve by challenging the antagonist in this card game."
,Recommended,266510,21784112,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Kral Sumavy,"Hand of Fate is one of the games I literally fell in love with. It can be described as an action hack and slash rpg, with certain aspects of collectible card games.The premiseis simple, yet incredibly addictive. In the beginning, players have a handful of encounter and equipment cards at their dispositon from which they create a deck. More cards get unlocked as the game progressess and individual encounters get resolved - either by combat or choose-your-own-adventure style dialogue.The combatis reminiscent of Rocksteady's free flow style, implemented in the Batman series.The graphicsare easy to look at, however they suffer in details, undeniably due to a relatively small budget of the independent developer.The audiois great, especially the dealer's lines and voice acting gives the game a necessary ""oomph"" to underline its atmosphere. Asa downside, i would mention the inability to choose the looks of your adventurer, so you are stuck with the same character all throughout your adventure.tl; dr It's a great and unique game. Give it a go if you are into CCGs, RPGs, and ""freeflow style"" hack'n'slash combat."
,Recommended,266510,22403794,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,yomikibagami,"About 3/4's through the card master's chest of cards and had my first death.  I've had several close calls but he has started to get ruthless.  I had a really bad draw of monsters and ended up with 2 of the past bosses.  It didn't go very well with all the blocking and stuff they did.This game is really fun.  Building the deck with the cards you want and then he pits you against your own deck, along with a few surprises from him.  The controller lags a bit on menus that I've seen, but it works.  The stories that are created as you play are great.Fun game and highly recommended."
,Recommended,266510,22417679,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Animalsciences,At the time of writing this review I have played for just under 2 hours. The wild card DLC and the game as a whole is amazing. It's a great blending of a choose your own adventure book with a Batman Arkham City style of fighting. The card choices are great and even if you choose the same result you may still wind up with multiple outcomes. I saw someone playing this and thought it looked fun and it is a great purchase. After you beat a certain boss you can unlock endless mode which I have yet to try but should help provide extra playability. I cannot recommend this game enough it has been an absolute blast.
,Recommended,266510,22115234,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,VireKniGht,"+My friend's dad said ""If you want to be successful, hardwork is must"".+So my friend set a journey to become a billionaire in gamble sector.+Everyday, night and day he played Hand of Fate to become a master bate/fate-card+Today, he become the legend among the gambler in Las Vegas+The secret to be a successful gambler is to play this game baby.+ I'm so envious for his successful and his perverted manner, he always got pretty hot sexy woman around him10/10 will buy this Woman/Gambler simulator to become the perverted gambler in future. Bruce Wayne also play this game to become the successful womanizer"
,Recommended,266510,22045036,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Big Smile,8/10 wow
76561198140162650,Recommended,266510,22274046,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,elhicks,"7/10An ARPG combined with a board game, Hand of Fate allows the player a small amount of control over each session in the game.  Interesting story moments are repeated through different sessions, but another space is between them to keep the game fun.  Best played in bursts.  Much of the meta story teased with the Dealer falls flat at the end, but the influx of new stories keeps the game going.  Luck determines a great deal of your choices, requiring many playthroughs to see all of the game. About ~30hrs to finish most of the content."
,Recommended,266510,22348394,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,leaky,Ingredients:-tons of cards-dungeon crawling-fun third-person combat-a dash of puzzle solvingBake for hours and hours = BRILLIANT.
,Recommended,266510,21679812,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Gnarled Rose,"Incredibly compelling gameplay, great if you're into random generation. Honestly, the combat's on par with Assassin's Creed, but clunkier than Arkham City."
76561198107266605,Recommended,266510,21680154,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,SunJester,will play cards with fate again... and again...
,Recommended,266510,21756280,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,-TpM-SaiyajiN-,Good Game For You Buck
76561198062564056,Recommended,266510,21673849,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Norinth,"Great game, very much worth the investment. Combines several game mechanics extremely well."
,Recommended,266510,21675787,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,kru,Nerf the god damn end boss
76561198230799568,Recommended,266510,21664668,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,hicham.g,"As big fan of boardgame, 10/10"
,Recommended,266510,21625476,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,glovetheglove,"Basically a card-based text adventure that sometimes has Arkham Asylum-esque combat sequences, but the text is so rich and the narrator so engrossing you really don't mind the strange combination of mechanics. They fit together rather well, all things considered, and this is a game with a lot of passion and polish poured into it, so check it out if you wanna support cool ideas like this!"
76561198037101281,Recommended,266510,13948241,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,lord wolfhunt,"This game is difficult to catagorize. When you start a game, it is like a DND setting. You are given a pathway of cards. Step on a card and observe it's effects. Some give you options to choose an action. Some don't. Some cards test your luck and give you rewards or punishments in turn. Sometimes, the cards force you to fight a band of monsters.Combat is where things get interesting. It is a system similar to that of Batman: Archam Asylum, but takes more skil to master. I say this because there is a bit of a difficulty spike towards the end, fair warning. Different equipment give you different benefits and your remaining health carries over between the encounter, and the pathway board, though it is all reset at the start of every run.In terms of playing, there is plenty of planing involved in going on the adventure. There is also a lot of skill involved in the combat system, but there is plenty of luck in the cards to keep things interesting with every time you play. The dungeons are procedurally generated, so every run is different, allowing for changes of strategy.There is a lot to like in this game. I do recomend it."
,Recommended,266510,21637202,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,called2serve249,A very cool twist on the Deck Building genre. The little battles use a great combat system and the quests and items you find make it feel like a little piece of D&D.Worth it.
,Recommended,266510,21641948,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Turnweezel,Very inovative game
,Not Recommended,266510,21640259,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,avgurborn,"If you put action combat in a card game, either do it well or don't do it at all. We have a good and somewhat boring card game with a terrible, awful, uninspired combat sequences. Game throws too many cards at you, too many to care about what they are. And regardless of difficulty (which is easy anyways) you end up drawing cards and playing guess-the-card to win (or loose). A touch of game progression redesign (and maybe even removing combat sequences, or making it scripted, e.g. pc resolving card game outcome in a spectacular scripted fight) and this game would become amazing gem."
76561198174629138,Recommended,266510,21654579,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,HeartattackGuy,"As of the time writing this review I've only scratched the surface of this truly endless game, where to begin!?Well I'll begin by saying this is a must have for any fans of those old school ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" books or general RPG fans, when i first started playing I could see myself getting tired of the games formula extremly fast but alas I was very wrong, the amount of content in just the base game looks to be pretty staggering for the price and the combat system feels very Arkham game still (standard counter system) yes its not as fluid as the arkham games but it does hold up pretty well.The meat of the game is the cards themselves, each ""round"" cards from your deck and the mysterious gentleman's whom your up against get mashed together and them put down before you, there are different kinds of cards from situations, fights to items. All of which have an impact and following rounds, the goal is very simple.. Kill the end of ""level"" boss, but the beauty of the game is the sheer randomness at paly, you and I will or would have very different games each time we play, as such there is no real story but one crafted from each and every card on the table.there is just so much to say about this game and I've only played 1.4 hours in total, just get it already kay?..............Why are you still reading this? go, go now.. Buy it."
,Recommended,266510,21654694,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Hidnreaper07,I really like the style. It has a story to go along with the action and it is sometimes suspenseful.
,Recommended,266510,21652847,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mister Doctor,Jogo bom da ♥♥♥♥♥. Coisa de cabra da peste jogador de truco.
76561198024972953,Recommended,266510,21636005,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Fulci Zombie,This game is AWESOME. Very very unique in a gaming market lacking innovation. One of the best Steam games I've played and I paid less than $11 WITH DLC.
,Recommended,266510,21627317,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,vkmicro,"Love this game, very fun and replayability (is that even a word?) but anyways, this game has some of the highest replayability. Very entertaining and interesting. Combat is simple but the game requires soem luck and sense of understanding. Also decision making plays a big role.overall I would rate it 8/10I wish the combat was a little bit more engaging and interesting as well as challenging."
76561197992022758,Recommended,266510,21631384,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MOTHER LOVER,Enjoyed my time with this lil lass.
76561198045058697,Recommended,266510,21630109,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,garputhefork,"Although it has its bugs (crashes on some Linux systems and I've got no sound due to a Unity bug), it's an inventive and clever take on two different genres:  card games and adventure RPG.  The dev seems receptive to working with people who are having trouble due to bugs, etc.  Even with the bugs, it's well worth checking out."
76561197984936516,Recommended,266510,21848886,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Petrus Romanus,Brilliant!
,Recommended,266510,21845665,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ultrapowerpie,"It's definitely worth a go on sale, I certainly enjoyed it.The DM is far more civilized then most I've played with :D"
,Recommended,266510,21728567,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,pendantry,"'Hand of Fate' is a wonderful game.It's a fascinating blend of card deck builder and adventure game, with a dash of philosophical introspection. One of the things I particularly like about it is that it teaches you how to play as you go, you don't need a lot of preparation before setting off on your first adventure. There aren't many controls to learn, and the mechanics are introduced naturally along the way.It's a 'roguelike'; you only have one life -- but death, when it does come, isn't much of a drawback, since you retain any cards you gain in every session, for use in the next 'life'. Even when you lose, you win.The artwork is superb, as is the background music. The dealer's voice is particularly well done. (It sounds to me like Jeremy Irons, but the credits say it's Anthony Skordi.)The only real criticism I have of it is that I find the fight scenes a bit awkward due to the choice of a fixed camera angle. I'm spending far too much time mashing buttons in the fight scenes as left becomes right and up becomes down, and I fear for my keyboard!It's only single player (I don't mind that at all, though I know it's a turn-off for many).I picked it up on sale, but would happily have paid full price for it (why are such gems so few and far between?)"
,Recommended,266510,21695788,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ookla,Highly recommended. A welcome combination of action rpg and deckbuilding. Two of my favorite things. If you love Pathfinder the adventure card game or warhammer quest adventure card game .. you willl love this.
76561197981201009,Not Recommended,266510,21647486,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Haldar The Tall,"Sorry that this can't be recommended. I like the game concept, and there are many nice things about this game, as you can see from other reviews, and I agree with most of those reviews as to gameplay and the high production values. The killer problem, for me, is that the game is stuck in 600x400. I have tried everything I can think of, and have read all support pages, the developer's FAQ page, and in addition every Steam and Google page I can find containing the words ""Hand of Fate"" and ""resolution."" There have been lots of issues with this by other players, and also with windowing, wrong monitors displaying, and so on. Other people have complained about being stuck in resolutions HIGHER than 600x400 (wish that was my problem). None of the fixes work, at least for me. The steam launch option to select resolution does not help, in that the only selection available in the resulting launch menu is 600x400. This is true no matter what my computer's screen resolution is set to prior to launch - I have tried many different ones. Starting and switching out of windowed mode still only allows 600x400.The 600x400 resolution makes it very hard, and at times impossible, to read the text on the cards. Plus, it just looks bad.I should add that the very first time that the game played, it tried to display in higher resolution, but the graphics were too wide for the monitor at the higher resolution and the sides were cut off. I opened the in-game resolution settings, and as I was selecting alternative settings, the setting went to 600x400, and no other options since then will appear. I have deleted and downloaded the game and its local content again, to no avail. I can't delete or clear any save files or profiles, since they can not be found in the locations documented by the developers, maybe because I am running Windows 10, or maybe because there has been a recent patch, or maybe because they are now in Steam's cloud. Who knows.I do understand that for most people, the resolution is not stuck.I get the sense that the developers really cared about this game, and really tried hard, but I think they lacked the technical expertise necessary to make the game function well across so many different computer set-ups. I know this is a common problem. I'm glad I bought this on sale, because I lost only $8 instead of $25."
76561198135821765,Recommended,266510,17847150,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Fun,"This game is addicting, Love the dlc and core game!  if you like butt clenching duels over loot and tokens then u need this game!!!!!!!!"
76561198099628826,Recommended,266510,17542523,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ZeaCea,
76561198153594493,Recommended,266510,17856786,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,CrabNicholson,"Amazing game, everything is so atmospheric and detailed. Lots of replayability with Endless mode. I've been playing it all week and it's already one of my all-time favorites."
76561198094827429,Recommended,266510,17860560,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Australian_Cub,Alsome game
76561198079754183,Recommended,266510,18232671,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,34638a,"Very good game, sometimes crashes but a restart always fixes it :D"
,Recommended,266510,18178670,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Reacting,AMAZING
76561198007688772,Recommended,266510,18150734,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Aargh,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game. On one hand, it's fantastic. Combining mechanics of board games, storytelling of gamebooks and combat of Arkham series, this game delivers a gaming experience like none other. And the developers did a lot of work patching the game, optimizing and balancing it. It wasn't ok right after release but now it's a blast to play. But...But on the other hand, the game can sometimes be frustrating, unfair and downright evil. Some encounters made me bash my head against the keyboard. I mean, Dark Souls games garnered recognition due to their difficulty. Yet no boss gave gave me so much pain as the Moonlit Horror encounter in Hand of Fate. I despise cheating but here I just had to use the ALT+F4 trick because it was either this, or rage quitting the game for good. And it still took me 2-3 hours of attempts to beat this encounter. Kraken fight wasn't much better. Or the final boss fight... There's nothing wrong with difficult games but this game went way, way too far.But of course the game is highly recommended nonetheless. 30 hours in, still having some incomplete unlocks, still haven't played all the fates. Looking forward to the next expansion."
,Recommended,266510,18192043,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sartorius,"Board/Card game with Batman-like fighting segments. By no means a perfect game, but certainly a fun experience, well worth picking up on sale."
,Recommended,266510,16633774,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mammoth Tickler,"Hand of Fate has gradually unlocking expanding gameplay as the game goes on, and even within the random generation you have some control over which encouters you find. Some encounters have the possibility to unlock new encounters and items, and with endless mode the encounters are truly random. Love this game, can't recommend it enough. It's like a 3d FTL with a different art style and combat style."
76561198141032587,Recommended,266510,16634015,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,IndieMindy,"I never do reviews, but honestly, this game is too amazing not to do one.Hand of Fate is a card game, yes, but not exactly.  It's also an action rpg, and that's what's so unique about it.  Not only that, but the game is totally randomized, like an actual card game.  You choose a few cards from your deck, and the card-master stuffs a few surprises in your deck, and you play the game.  You have absolutely no idea what comes next, and it's not always in your favor.Not only that, but there are quests in the cards themselves.  For example; you have a card (Let's say Desert Storm) and you find that card in the game.  If you ""play your cards right"" then you'll be able to get the coin of the card and get the next encounter card, which is Lost in Desert, and so on so forth.I completely recommend this game.  It is worth every penny, and if it's on sale you buy it without a second thought."
,Recommended,266510,16634024,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,LunaraEraser,"I've played only my first few hours of the game and I absolutely *ADORE* this game.The gameplay is fun if not a little repetitive, I very much like the idea of being able to not only craft your own adventure as the dealer tries to send at times very literal pitfalls in your path.Great for killing an hour or 5, however it it not a game I feel that justifies it's current price"
76561197960553379,Recommended,266510,16635068,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gethren,Its a card game thats not a card game.
,Recommended,266510,16636462,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,D2G | Me0wTwo,"Where to start, I've read reviews good and bad before buying this.. But one thing is certain, it is in my opinion well worth buying, I love card based and hack and slash based games, well this is a combination of the two, while not too sure how it would actually be like other than what reviews have said, something about this game is actually enjoying.Things I'd want to share -  UnderstaNding the game isn't that hard, I looked at all of the card and had no idea after the ""tutorial"" but after I used recommended settings for a round I took another look and it was all plain as day, the cards are self explainatory, in the cases in which to use them are all up to the player.I wouldn't say there is too much strategy going along with this game at the begining, but as you progress into each round there is def- need to put some thought into actions before you go balls to the wall and speed through the round.It feels like each round gets harder and harder as you progress, the first round I ended pretty decently, round two was a bit rougher and round 3 I BARELY got through. So if you can just imagine what the rest were like, although there is an option to turn down the difficulty which beginners may need to if you're having some trouble understanding still.This review may not be as informative as others but it's just some things off the top of my head.Overall the concept of this game is great, while i still haven't completed it yet, I feel somewhat addicted to the game and I hope the devs fix the little things and keep on top of this game, I feel it has much potential.  Highly recommended."
76561198066971781,Recommended,266510,16636890,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,sketch_zeppelin_ag,"Its amazing how presentation can spice up a simple game.This is a rouge like where you guide your hero through various challenges, slaying enemies and defeating the boss at the end of each level.  the twist is everything is depicted as card wielded by a mysterious stranger playing across from you.  each encounter is a card thats flipped over and revealed when your peice lands on it and it can be anything from an enemy abush to helping a wandering priest.most of chanllenges will be simple text scenarious where your given a choice of what to do. depending on your answer you'll sometimes auto succed or fail or four cards with fail or succed will be revealed (how difficult the challenge depends on how many of the cards are success and how man say fail)  the cards are flipped face down and suffled and you pick one and pray.  your rewarded with supplies, equipment, and gold and punished with curses, injuries, and loss of provisions or fights.Various events will lead to the drawing of monster cards and suddenly your in an arena fending off enemies with arkham city style combat controls.Then comes another clever twist. often completing challenges will unlock new cards at the end of the round.  you see the challenges you face and the equipment you might earn come from a deck that you can alter.  each round has a requires your equimpent deck and enconter deck to have a certin number of cards and you can swap out encounters or equimpent you don't want to chance coming across in favor of ones you like so you have some conrol of what you'll run into during the game, though the dealer will always shuffle in a set of his own cards to try and trip you up.And all the while the dealer taunts teases and converses with you.  He's really one of the main highlights of the game.  Its like playing a card game with Ron Peralman dressed as a masked wizard (no its not him but thats what the dealers voice reminds me of)This game reaks of charm and personality and i highly recomend it. The game play is simple but how its presented makes it into a unique experice."
76561197970765882,Recommended,266510,16638316,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Fakey,"Combat is very similar to the Batman games, although not as fluid.  Still fun however.Metagame is presented to you as almost a form of Tarot reading.  There is really no exploration, just a series of random events in somewhat of a chain.  Also character progression is not normal, don't get too comfortable with a certain piece of gear.  Also, shields are your life.It seems deceptively easy at first, changes after you get a few bosses in.  Much more of a challenge in terms of both what you're facing and managing your resources.All in all, worth the price."
,Recommended,266510,16638637,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dr.McLickerTitty,enjoy the hell out of this game
,Recommended,266510,16638739,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cpt. Smug,"This is a wonderfully made indie card game/action game.  This game is something I don't think has quite been done before.  You build your deck to determine what happens during a round and the mysterious dealer (who is wonderfully animated and voiced) lays traps and misfortunes for you, but he's not your enemy outright.  He plays more of a dungeon master role and lays out the game's story for you.  A lot of time was put into him, as he remembers what cards you used on previous playthroughs and remarks on your playstyle.  If you rely on the same card too often, he will laugh at you for using cheap cards as a crutch.  If you make the enemy deck too easy, he might add a few difficult cards to keep the game interesting.  He has a series of around 16-ish foes for you to challenge, each one harder than the last.You move your token and land on dealt out cards which determine the environment; then the environment comes to life and fights you in a fighting style remniscent of Arkham Asylum.  There are also trap sections you run through.  The animations during this sequence feel a little mechanical and the default difficulty is MUCH too forgiving.  You can just tap the attack button and win.  I recommend upping it to hard mode ASAP.  It causes all the run and hit animations to move faster, hiding some of the awkward motion during action sequences and keeping you engaged in the battle.The game has a great soundtrack with SFX that mirror what the card's effect on your character is.  The voice acting and animation of the cards and the dealer is fantastic.  A single game takes around 15-20 minutes depending on how fast you click through the UI, but there are challenge cards that you can throw in to handicap your character, adding to the replay value.An original idea executed better than any game on the Unity Engine I've seen thus far.  Worth playing."
76561198002869265,Recommended,266510,16639761,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Arius Aneid,"Hand of Fate is quickly becoming one of my very favorite games. If you enjoy tabletop games, board games, card games, or any kind of storytelling game, this is the game for you. The controls are simple and the game seems easy at first; the first few levels have easy challenges, battles with slow counter-attack times, and weak enemies. But then it ramps up. I'm about halfway through the game and it's gotten challenging, but not so much it's just annoying to play. Counters are more difficult, if not impossible at some points, and enemies take a bit more strategy to beat. The storyteller is sarcastic in the best way, often getting annoyed if you wait too long or making fun of your resources if you're doing poorly. The only issue I have with it is there are required cards for every mission, and some of them get old after using them again and again. But they do change up after you get the token for the card, so that's good at least. Overall, it's been a fun experience and I definitely plan to buy the expansion (and any more that come out)."
,Recommended,266510,16640459,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MWMDragon,"It's like having a private DM, giving me a randomized game of Dungeons & Dragons when ever I wish.- Cards to Collect- Traps- Action Combat System- Challenge- Random Adventure every time you playAmazing!"
76561198024630019,Recommended,266510,16640650,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AtheosisX,"Awesome game!  The combat could be deeper and more varied, but otherwise this is a real gem."
,Recommended,266510,16667244,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rakasha,"Great game, mix of deck building with real time combat. The combat is pretty much hack and slash. Best game I have played in a good while."
76561198056970391,Recommended,266510,16668191,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kishin Hunter,I think it's a good game. I have enjoyed and been frustrated by my time with it. Would definitely reccomend it.
76561198031535579,Recommended,266510,16671533,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Poltergeist,"This is a Great game. I was sceptic at first and was hesitant to buy, so I bought it when it went on sale. This game is original and has lots of potential. I've only played for 3 hours and I already have lots of cards to chose from. Try it you will like it. Maybe in a future UPDATE we will be able to create our character or collect character cards with differrent stats."
,Recommended,266510,16672992,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Dextron,"This is a very unique game and very well executed as well, I highly recommend it.The unusual mixture of genres leads to incredible mechanical complexity and the games employs said mechanics in a way that truly makes you feel invested, makes you care about knowing the game, to the point where knowing the cards, particularly the bosses, is key to a great advantage.As a consequence of this, you might want to turn difficulty to easy (this is done in the deck builder, counterintuitively) if you plan on playing the whole game in over a week. If you, like me, find yourself firmly grabbed by the desire to explore the game, the immense variety of cards and their associated stories will give you an abundance to explore, expect however to have to read the majority of information.The combat is carefully tutorialized and some of the weapons and artefacts feel amazing to use*, but the deck building aspect of the game requires a lot of cunning to truly get the hang of, recommended decks leave quite a bit to be desired, yet are enthusiastically pushed on the player.*I played with an XBOX One controller and it worked flawlessly, would recommend using it.The length is satisfying and there are modifiers and additional (so far) free content for good replay ability.The story, lore, and the narrator truly are the crowning jewels of this game (no spoilers ahead).You know very little about where or who you are, or about what's happening...but throughout the game you get clues, delivered by the dealer, whose comments (delivered by excellent voice acting) left me interested in the world of this game of cards like I never thought possible!Excellent writing overall.Get this game. Play this game, listen to this game, read what it has to be read.It is a unique experience that everyone can enjoy, but that will speak personally to you if you share my great love of games."
,Recommended,266510,16679855,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,56cool7,Ah this is a tricky one You See there is a twist ending which is a blast to see so the spoopy secret is /spoiler the dealer himself
76561197984428592,Recommended,266510,16714002,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Sigrosa,"At first the game is very easy and pretty fun. Then the game starts throwing larger and larger wrenches into your plans mostly with more powerful curse cards, and more difficult encounters. The game might be frustrating if you never change your deck based on what curses are active in each campaign. Certain items are more or less useful depending on your final objective.It's a game of chance, but it also rewards players who have a quick eye during card events and use some process of elimination. If you don't gamble when you're ahead your chances of succeeding stay very high. Overall a very fun experience. Just expect unlocking some extra cards before finishing the game.Around of 14 hour game, and I got it on sale so overall good value."
76561198033993547,Recommended,266510,16717951,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,starcraft2-bnet,GAME GOOOOD ) Recommend
,Recommended,266510,16724042,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Graduate M E L O N,"Summary 8.9/10In all my time spent on rogue-likes and card games like MTG, this is by far the best hommage. With divination and a little chance, a great story unfolds with thousands still untold.The Good:- Great integration of cards and rewards- Strong replay value- Simple, yet obscenely beautiful- Well integrated scry concepts, as well as bits of Tarot inspiration- Great voice acting, and very entertaining. I find myself listening more to the Hand than reading the cards- Good flavor text- Pretty soundtrack- New areas and bosses galore.- Very playable for lower grade systemsThe Bad:- Abitexpensive with paid-for expansionConclusionA very fun game if you are into New Age themed works, and possibly even a scryer yourself. Beyond that, the rogue-like mechanics holds this down as one of the greats of the genre with endless possibilities and replay value in a uniquely styled world and mechanism."
,Recommended,266510,16725329,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Darthvegeta800,"An awesome game which blends deckbuilding with hack and slash action, choose your own adventure elements, atmosphere and seems well supported.A very unique experience. I do advice to pick it up during one of the -35% discounts if you're not sure about it. As it is probably not for everyone. I do recommend you don't give up until you beat the first 2 tiers in the campaign before you judge them game good or bad. Also don't be afraid to replay some previous battles to more easily unlock extra content."
76561198040562746,Recommended,266510,16696973,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,spasm57,"One of the most entertaining gems to come out of steam. One part rogue like, one part Fable-esque hack-n-slash, one part deck builder, add in some truly wonderful monologues from the Dealer, and you arrive at Hand of Fate.The combination of deck building and roguelike allows for a unique choose your own adventure style of play. With the release of the Wildcard dlc the replay value skyrockets by adding in new ""Fate"" cards (essentially new player characters) that come with thier own unique challenges.The game starts out reletively easy, with a limited number of cards and shorter dungeons. But as you progress you unlock upgrades that improve your abilities but also thte abilities of your enemies, creating a more traditional roguelike experience (i.e. hard as hell). While not overly difficult with thte default Fate, it becomes increasingly more difficult when playing as the Warlord (hard mode) or the Monk(no gold!!). Top it off with some real nasty curses and this game would appeal to the most masacistic roguelike fans.On the downside, and it really is the only downside I can see, the combat gets a little stale after a while. It boils down to more or less hit and run strikes, although with the right equipment this ceases to be a problem.Highly recomended, one of the best additions to the steam catalogue. With the simple addition of new cards the potential for expansion is nearly infinite. 9/10"
,Recommended,266510,16703126,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Laserface Jones,"I figured I would  have written a review of this game by now. Easily in my top games in recent memory, it combines Fable-esque combat with deckbuilding RPGs and fun, ominous story bits. The game starts out easy, ramps up, and kills you with super mean RNG effects. If you like roguelikes and deckbuilding games, I can't imagine a better suggestion."
76561198048556706,Recommended,266510,16703795,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,thewhiteknuckle,"So I walked into a bar and a guy in a hood asked me if I wanted to play his hipster version of DnD. I went ""sure, why not, I'm bored"", and promptly started to hallucinate while he dealt me cards, and I was left wondering why I'm even in a bar, considering I don't drink...Hand of Fate is a rather story-vague game that puts you into the place of some kind of wandering adventurer. Our status is unknown (alive? dead? neither? both?), and we've crossed what's known as ""The Thirteen Gates"" to come and meet... whoever this is, we'll call him The Dealer (not that kind). The Dealer seems to be offering the adventurer a chance to get whatever they want, be it riches, eternal life, answers or what have you. Honestly, I'm not entirely sure what's happening, all I know is that I don't trust him and that whoever he is, he's going to give me what I want. Bit like a Djinn if you will.Although that's a point in the game's favour; it allows the player to make up their own little story and figure out what's going on while getting hints of a past life from the cards that are played against them.The gameplay itself is surprisingly well done; the first portion of the game is a DnD style card game, where the dealer acts as a sort of Dungeonmaster to explain what occurs on each card, then gives you the necessary tools to resolve them. Cards can either give you Health (self-explanetory), Gold (ditto mark), and Food (required to explore and continue in the game), Armor/Weapons (more self-explanatory terms), Special items and other assistances. Cards can also be negative, and punish you with loss of any of these above subjects, or even summon monsters to fight you.Upon drawing a monster card we're placed into the Brawler aspect of the game, wherein the game takes an adequately presented 3D perspective to let you physically fight your opponents, which change based on card suit and number (3 of Dust for bandits, a 2 of Skulls for undead, so on and so forth). Your weapon and armor cards become actual weapons and armor to use, and special items can be activated to change the outcome of the battle if necessary. It's well presented and flows excellently, allowing fluid dodging, countering and attacks to whittle down enemies for success. There's very little to complain about.It's not an extroardinary game, mind. It feels more like something you'll flick on every few hours to kill 10-30 minutes, something to occupy you for a bit while you wait. Almost like a mobile game effortlessly intermingled with a dungeon brawler game. It's impressive in its own way, and rather enjoyable."
76561198044231967,Recommended,266510,16706809,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Cross,"Great game with interesting mechanics.  Unfortunately, much more time and refinement needs to be taken with the combat, as well as optimization of the game itself.  Runs like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥during said combat, not to mention the counter system seems a bit wonky.  Move the control stick just a bit, your character will continue moving after you've stopped moving the control stick.  Have hit the counter button hundreds of times when the green icon appears only to have my character have a train run on him in the corner.  Seems to be an issue with the game not knowing wtf to do when you are surrounded by multiple enemies.  Other than that, great game and great premise.  7/10, would have train run on me again.  All rat and lizard men invited."
,Recommended,266510,16709516,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,[101AB]taiiat,"It's the Dungeons and Dragons you've always loved, with more Skill related Gameplay, and not quite as many dicerolls.Combat isn't terribly complicated, but has enough Tools to make for a varied experience (as you play, the game will continue to get more difficult in Combat). (and is Direct Combat, no Dicerolls, live, active Combat).the Cards and the rest of the game around the Combat, is well Narrated, and forms interesting experiences.since the Cards you encounter are randomly built, you will hit streaks in a row that will screw you, but the vast majority of the time, experiences will be Challenging, and varied, but won't be trying to beat you up.note that when Encounters produce a 'random' success choice, the Cards are actually being shuffled. visually track them to be able to pick the result you want. it's not as easy as it sounds, but it's much nicer than complete randomization.i.e. this is a fantastic game. a lot of content, and a lot of interesting experiences to be had.but you were already sold after 'Dungeons and Dragons with more Skill related Gameplay', ofcourse. :)"
76561198098866326,Recommended,266510,16710862,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,beleted,"Unique and profound. Plus the villain is like the father I never had.Role playing the way it was meant to be. Use strategy to move from card to card. Use wit to solve encounters. Use both to emerge from battles victoriously. But for now, the less you know, the better.Have faith, buy this game."
,Recommended,266510,16603628,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Apathy,"I was suspect at first, but so far this is a really great game.I haven't sunk in as many hours as i'd like, but i'm over half way through the story mode.Basically, its a rogue-like, and the fighting portions are a mix of Fable and Arkham Asylum.Your character will develope each session in a table-top game kind of style. Encounters will often present in a ""pick a card"" luck based system. You're not completely subjected to the luck system. You can take note of the winning card before hand and try to follow it as it shuffles.  Sometimes you win. Sometimes you get bit hard.Make no mistake, a single RNG luck-based encounter can kill your character. I had a character with extra life, food and gold, and awesome gear. Then I bumped into a Devil, and he took me down to 8 health, gave me extra tough monsters, and I died in one hit.But this isn't a bad thing. It's not a huge loss. If you lose a session you'll likely still unlock something. You'll never lose hours of progress. The setbacks are very minor, and the potential progress always outweighs the loss.You will get frustrated every now and then, you'll get back-to-back sessions of getting your♥♥♥♥♥spanked by RNG and bad luck. But you won't reach that Dark Souls level of rage where you want to throw your computer across the room.Endless Mode is very unforgiving.  The RNG seems very slanted against you in it, but it provides a legit challenge, and you will need some luck to get far.This is a great game. It's a high quality rogue-like, with elements of a table-top game. The graphics in fight scenes look great. The sound is great, especially when listening to The Dealer doll out cards as your session progresses.The game is worth the money. I was fortunate to pick it up on the summer sale.If they keep adding content to this game, it will be a no brainer as far as adding it to your library.Do it! Just do it!"
,Recommended,266510,16603955,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Fargrath,"I often struggle with highly randomized games, as I tend to feel ""betrayed"" by the AI. But in this game, I felt pleasently reminded of fantasy card games or even pen and paper sessions - thanks to the athmospheric comments of the dealer. I already had lots of fun discovering the game mechanics so far, and I expect to enjoy mastering the game as well."
,Recommended,266510,16605709,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,JustSharkbait,Very fun concept. I can't wait to see how future development goes.
,Recommended,266510,16606054,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ilux,Got more time in this game then Witcher 3 lol
76561197970313164,Recommended,266510,16606703,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dedmeatzz,"Superb game. An original concept for a change. Plays like a board game with arpg style combat, buy it now !!"
76561198052817471,Recommended,266510,16749910,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nya,"Good, but not great. The concept is awesome, I love how it intertwines a dungeon crawler with a card game. At the beginning it's very nice and fun to play, but when you get closer to the endgame the RNG becomes too punishing, robbing you of a chance to use your skills and instead tunring events into a slot machine of sorts. Well, it's not called ""hand of fate"" for nothing, I guess, but it makes the endgame a little too grindy.Encounter and item cards get unlocked very quickly, which makes the game rather short, even though there is an endless mode - it's just not very fun to play if there's no element of exploration, you learn the cards fast and know what they do and how it's best to approach encounters. Hopefully, future addons and DLC will fix that by adding more cards.This is a good title to grab during a sale, it will keep you occupied for a couple of evenings, but not for much longer than that. It can be so much better; seeing the great potential of this game makes it feel a bit underwhelming in its current state. I hope that it will get there eventually."
,Recommended,266510,16751621,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,hkncnbc,"Good card and good rpg game. But cards are not really matters because they mostly take part like quests and weapons, not acts and moves . But game data is good and not repeatative , you dont get bored easily. Story is short, DLC recommended. 8/10."
76561193703023150,Recommended,266510,16753086,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Chimpus,"This game has some really interesting mechanics and loads of content but the combat itself is a bit lacking, it plays pretty much like the Arkham games only a little more simplified, it's not bad at all, just basic, Animations are a little bit stiff as well but don't let that fool you into thinking that it plays badly."
,Recommended,266510,16753252,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,frashure11,"One of the best games I have EVER played. I haven't played for long, just killed the first champion, and this game is already one of my favorites! If you like playing adventure games, text based adventures (this reminds me of them), and looking for something new, this is for you then! If they keep releasing new cards/quests as either free updates, paid DLC, or in game purchases, then I think this game can stay great for a long time. As long as the prices are right (don't get full of yourselves devs), then I'd pay anywhere from .99 to $5 for an expansion pack or something similar; as long as contains the content to back that up. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,266510,16755309,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,The Great Narwhal,"Hand of Fate is quite the game. So much atmosphere and story can be difficult to create, but this game pulls it off flawlessly. I was drawn in within seconds, reminded of tabletop D&D, and many other games I've spent at an actual table playing. I don't know of any other video game like it. A masterpiece blend of gameplay, storytelling, and adventure."
,Recommended,266510,16683945,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Peterjwood,Fantastic little game!
76561198127441691,Recommended,266510,16683978,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,silverhawk2010 l gamekit.com,"The game where you create the deck used for your adventures added with a sarcastic dealer who tries to get rid of you.A game where the cards are from your past memories and have been crafted by the dealer for years.I think the meaning of passing through 13 gates are the enemies that you have faced.blessings and curses. fighting old bosses, simple beat'em up gameplay with cards, life, choices, and my worst favorite card that must be put into the deck, Goblins. Your enemies are from a deck of playing cards for Dust, Skulls, Pleague, and the one I tried to defeat once in endless, ScalesIn the meantime due to the free update murder at sea, You must also complete the story while defeating the royal court in order to face your funny and sarcastic dealer. There is more. Just today I got another update to the game.I hope that there is a sequel or even more to this game as well."
,Recommended,266510,16689390,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SadisticPotato,"Playing this game of cards resulted in starvation, getting beaten/mauled/poisoned/shot/slammed/kicked until i died, mutilation, getting crushed by rocks, dehydrating in the desert because apparently i am too dumb to ask somebody for directions and also nightmares because i got sexually assaulted by tentacle monsters multiple times.So yeah, i like it and i don't know how to feel about that."
76561198022012495,Recommended,266510,16689716,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[SSoH] Rnzboy,"Great atmosphere supported by the dealer and using new cards to explore dungeons adds fun to each playthrough. My only gripe is walking into both the queen and jack of plague, or 2x the 6 of plague on a tiny trap filled battlefield. It's near impossible to dodge or counter everything, and you end up getting combo'd to death without any chance to fight back. I wish the maps would grow larger the more enemies you fight instead of being seemingly random irregardless of how many you are facing."
,Recommended,266510,16689805,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SolarBear,What a difficult game to describe... action brawler? Collectible card game? RPG? I'm not sure but it's just SO good!
,Recommended,266510,16443520,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rowan,"D&D style rpg with arena combat fights. Fun to play, challenging to complete, and has endless fun await. Great if you like table top style games."
76561198117260252,Recommended,266510,16656215,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nagval,"Idial mix of card and RPG game!The adventure will always be different - u can play this game for thousand times, it will still surprise you.Yes, graphics in combat is not great, but it is really doesnt matter, beacause the spirit of the adventure will take you away."
76561197997073466,Recommended,266510,16658998,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DudeZor,got it for 11 € very good game so far.about half way . but i think the second half will take a bit very much longer than the first.nice eperience .  something really different
,Recommended,266510,16659741,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DonFede,"I actully rellay nice. Card game is like exploring a Dungeon, like a board game. FIghting and exploring is like a 3rd peson action game. Playable with controller. I'm enjoing it a lot!"
76561197970742305,Recommended,266510,16662193,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sole,So fun and simple.
76561198044700989,Recommended,266510,17889822,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Danov Valravn,"I am not big on reviews, but having seen a few people  give this game shorter shrift than it really deserved I must say this:Yes the game is hard you muppets! Play with the apprentice card active if it is all too much!The beauty of this game is in its cruelty, the way you have to take chances, struggle and generally feel like adventuring is DANGEROUS."
76561198126519537,Recommended,266510,17905350,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,My Internet Sucks Ass,"First off, the melee Scales (Lizardmen as they're called) are bs. Other than that, this game is amazing. The rouge-like atmosphere helps keep the game fresh, and with every new card you get from card tokens, it makes the story bigger. Card tokens can either give you weapons/armor/story or all of the above. This game has a lot of luck and faith. It can read your mind when you internaly beg to not land on a certain card, and it'll give you the double middlefinger and have it right there. With that in mind, if you do over come that obsticle, it feels really rewarding to beat that unwanted challenge and gain card tokens (until you land on the next unwanted card). This game can get hard at times. but you can always try something new. You can change what cards you want to use, be it story or equipment, giving you different ways to attempt to clear a story boss. All in all, this game is really addicting and really easy to get into. 9/10 would rip my own heart out of my chest again."
76561198082547588,Recommended,266510,16568052,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,goldeos.007,Really unique game.
76561198056361170,Recommended,266510,16568189,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Qwentin355,"The game is visually interesting or atleast the card game is, it's polished and engaging and well voice and fun, but the combat sections kinda fall flat, it tries to be batman but falls very short and juxtaposed to the polished and refined card game the mediocrety of these combat sections is a jarring blight.As is it's a fun card game with pretty bad combat elements."
76561198008325617,Recommended,266510,16568293,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NEXT,"This is old school D&D mixed with timing based button mashing. Character development is card based. Unlock cards build your deck and influence the story before you. The random is the feel of D4 rolls. It really does feel like a dungeon master game. This is the first game in a long time to hold my attention. I am an older gamer and my only complaint was getting the interface set up to my liking, it took about an hour. Now I am enjoying it and give it 4 of 5 because I don’t give anything 5 of 5. Graphics are awesome if you ever wanted to be a Spartan in 300. There is a slight glitch/big with the interface of my monitor, so I have to launch, quit and relaunch."
,Recommended,266510,16607617,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Davidonabus,I typically like my Rogue-likes to be completely turn-based .. but this game strikes a very nice balance!  My only recommendation is to install this on an SSD drive as the weight times (which aren't ridiculous) can slow down the experience as you transition from the table to the arena.  Highly Recommended!!
,Recommended,266510,16609070,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jarinex,Imagine if you were to play a game of Munchkins (aka DND light) by yourself with random encounters. Imagine if you had simple but entertaining Batman: Arkham asylum-like combat. That is basically what this game is. I can see myself getting some good hours out of this game.
,Recommended,266510,16610210,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ThoriumK9,"Only recently purchased and immediately hooked. Can't wait till t'night to delve deeper into the Abyss.Thank you summer sale community!Pros - Everything possible. I love the general mix of strategy, story AND combat.Very smooth gameplay. Looking forward to the challenge of defeating all those boss cards o3oIf you die, you'll just be stuck on the last card you played, being forced to forfeit(if you dare). Don't bother trying to restart the game. Your game master will just resume previous.... smartDefinitely going to waste more hours on this."
,Recommended,266510,16611032,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Taserface,"I love the concept of this game. The card part is more immerseve and fun than the hack and slash part, but it is still fun and original. I hope they iimprove this game with more card encounters and equipment."
,Recommended,266510,16611739,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TeeGR,"An interesting mixture of rogue like advanture and card game. Replay value is quite high because each time you get a different set of events. Main story is not that easy , especially the last fight vs the dealer."
,Recommended,266510,16612850,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,wentNonlinear,I could not believe how good this game was. I was surprised and entranced. It's everything I could have wanted and didn't expect to want.
76561198003330791,Recommended,266510,16502308,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,pix,"A great mix of fast combat and slow board-game like mechanics, but doing what no board game can.  Cannot recommend this enough."
,Recommended,266510,16503091,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jeenious,Very fun game with lots of replayabiility!  Unique concept/playstyle that is very fun!
76561198012786911,Recommended,266510,16503329,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Fennix Silvertail,"Is there a way to say a game is TOO MUCH FUN? Between the quips the dealer throws at me a lot and how he will always say something in relation to the game. It's one of the most creative card based RPG games I've played in awhile. Although it's not like you are battling as much as you are setting up encounters, so the only way I could describe it is a D&D adventure where your Game Master is a jerk who likes to try to make you lose, and has no problem whatsoever mocking you for it.Also, it's the only game that has ever called me out for what I was doing. I had one encounter I particularly liked to use for getting starting equipment and about the third time I did it he just goes ""I get the feeling you are using this to acquire a shield."" The tone of the dealer is amazingly well written and I haven't been able to stop playing this game for the five hours I already have on record. Outside of the bathroom and food runs that were incredibly necessary."
,Recommended,266510,16504018,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ryland,One of the best games that I've played in a long time. Great for laying back on the couch with an xbox controller plugged in. I'd highly recommend this his quality game to anyone.
,Recommended,266510,16564376,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Niteowl,Weirdest mix of genres I've seen to date yet. Both genres (deck building and brawler) end up being light but enjoyable. Voice acting is excellent.
,Recommended,266510,16522661,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hockquan,"I ain't gonna write too much I just wanted to get a thumbs up on it.  Seems real fun from playing the first few enemies.  The only concern I have at the moment is that it seems a tad easy but, as stated, I've only played the first few enemies so I'm hoping the difficulty is going to start going up!The game just has a really nice feel to it.  Lot's of neat mechanics and they're all packaged together in a very stylish fashion.I might update this review at a later date when I've seen how challenging it gets but for now I'd definitely recommend it."
76561198054553413,Recommended,266510,16528605,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,rymotron,"Love it- great idea, well executed. deff. suggest giving it a go!"
,Recommended,266510,16533055,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tranquilized,This game was exactly what I was looking for where much of the experience comes from your imagination. I love the adventure type game here where you choose how you play and the exploration that you do. I love the setting and the game runs really well on my computer which is always a plus. I really hope to see this expanded more later on with content patches and new gameplay.
,Recommended,266510,16538544,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Meesa build a wall,"Every element of this game is terrible, Every part of it sucks. Somehow putting all the turd together forms an extremely competent game which i cannot stop playing... Just go buy it, like right now... If it cant keep you hooked for two hours then refund it."
76561198040298199,Recommended,266510,16540471,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Theodamus,FTL meets FATE meets hearthstone.
76561197982352489,Recommended,266510,16537696,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,=Tattoo=,"Ok.. I've only played this game for one hour and was enthralled. This is a quality game.1 dab live resin, headphones on with graphics on full...great atmosphere and good dark mysterious fun.Get it while it's on sale if possible.Edit~ Couple more hours in, and still think it's awesome although it's a bit monotonous.. Great casual table-top mix with 3rd person battle scenes. Still recommend it."
,Recommended,266510,16541852,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zelig,"Do you have an addiction to being rewarded? Do you have an uncontrollable urge to constantly unlock new things? This game repeatedly gives you that oh so good feeling of sweet new loot through it's randomized, rogue like mini adventure card game. It's fun, it's addicting, I'm gonna go play more."
,Recommended,266510,16542124,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chronos|KK,"Very fun single-player RPG, with an extremely well-honed layer of polish on everything.  A very enjoyable game that I'd happily recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,266510,16542626,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Diamond Joe Biden,"Amazing game, very unique and has a great atmosphere. Sort of a rogue-like RPG with food and health, but played out using cards to represent your encounters and equipment. The fortune-teller narrator brings the cards to life with witty monologue, and the live-action combat really brings the cards to life.At first I felt like the combat was too easy, but at times encounters had my heart pounding. It's all up to the luck of the draw. Will you find a treasure chest and dodge traps to loot it for a powerful sword? Or will you find an ambush of six lizardmen waiting to tear you limb from limb? Or a goblin who steals your food but gives you a fine shield? Truly must be experienced, an incredible game in all regards."
76561198045565196,Recommended,266510,16542804,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Crow Razor,"By far the best indie game I have played so far, the thrill of chance, simple role play choices, deck building, combat, and simple to understand."
,Recommended,266510,16543135,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Whoa Constrictor,"Deckbuilding FTL with brawler fights, and instead of a ship you outfit your fighter. Gorgeous and gripping atmosphere. The Dealer is my new favorite character.Buy. It. Now."
,Recommended,266510,16545754,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Postmodern,Dealer has tons of cool oneliners that I just might need to steal for my next D&D game.
76561197994641567,Recommended,266510,16546052,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zen Tractor,"Hand of fate is an interesting game.  The combat is kinda simple, but the real meat of the game is in the 'meta'game.  Playing the cards and messing about with the decks you want to build to equip and fight against is a ton of fun, and there's a lot of anticipation and foreplanning when it comes to exploring each floor.A good portion of the encounter quest cards lead to more encounters, often in a narratively sense as well as a strictly unlocking sense.  Making your way through a boarder town for the first time, for instance, will open up new frontier lands (in the form of new encounter cards) for you to adventure forth to.I am also very fond of the main character.  While he is a bit of a silent protagonist, you do get a lot of insight to him from the cards and the encounters, which are based off of his past life and/or memories.  I also like that he's not just a generic sort of a guy; he's got an interesting but not overdesigned look, and clearly isn't afraid to do what he desires.  This is also somewhat shown through gameplay, as while you often get several choices of how to respond to some encounter prompts, only one of them will progress you to future encounters.  It lends a sense of ""this is how it actually went"" to thing.At the same time the other main character, and your opponant, the Dealer, has his own story, some of which you unravel as you play.  He is voiced very well, and manages to capture one's attention as he comments on both your gameplay choices and the narrative happenings in the plot.  It's like you are both playing a game with him, and yet telling a story with him through your actions.The system is also very expandable, so it's fairly safe to assume that there'll be some DLC in the works for this game.Overall, this is a very solid game, and one well worth throwing a fair few hours at.I would recommend a controller, if you have one, as it makes the combat feel a little better."
76561197970742469,Recommended,266510,16549345,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,nilus,"This was a huge suprise for me.  It was on the sale and the reviews were good so I took the chance.   The card mechanic is really unique and the combat flows like the Arkham Batman games.  Its a lot of fun, the basic story line of defetaing all the bosses will take you some time and then after I can see a lot of replayablilty in the endless mode(and DLC mods)"
76561198039421142,Recommended,266510,16549385,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jay,"The game is very unique and has a great visual style, although be warned combat can be a wonky"
76561198041708860,Recommended,266510,16420984,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The Swedish Orc,"""Come let us play, a game of life and death.""- The card dealerYou are the card player. You are playing the Hand of Fate whit the mysterius card dealer. Why are you there playing this game made using your memorys? You can't recall the why, nor do the card dealer know. But you do know this! It is a hard and fun game. A game that awakens your imadination and seens of adventure!"
76561198038179819,Recommended,266510,13623159,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Trap Music For Fags .TM,"Hand of fate is almost creating its genre. It is a perfect example of what happens when you combine the elements of a deck builder, choose your own adventure book, rogue like rpg. Add a little responsive combat system and you got yourself hand of fate."
76561198056752771,Recommended,266510,13175936,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,circe10,"I can't say enough good things about Hand of Fate. This is probably one of the best games I have ever played. Sort of a mix between an action RPG and Munchkin (the board game). The dialogue is great, the mini stories within the cards are great and the game is challenging without being overbearingly hard."
,Recommended,266510,13902931,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,The Dude,Not bad...I'll play it again in the future.
76561198017323614,Recommended,266510,15888113,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Sarge,"This is a fun game. It mixes the strategy of a card game with the action of a hack and slash game. It is challenging, but not too harsh, although ""fate"" can be cruel."
,Recommended,266510,15932410,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Kodakwolf,"An awesome game, I took a break when i kept dying but overall this is such a well thought out game and the graphics and the story is amazing. The gameplay changes depending how the cards are played out. I say give this a game a chance. I didnt regret it bit."
,Recommended,266510,15551784,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DigitalDEAD,"If your a fan of Card Games, deck building, Arkham City fighting, and dungeon crawlers...you will love this game. Very good concept, not like any game you have played before. Highly recommend!"
76561198078998337,Recommended,266510,15556938,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,kqly,GREAT
,Recommended,266510,15499044,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Amaranthos,Excellent game
76561198104216936,Recommended,266510,15499696,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Waterfish,"A sort of simplified, single player Dungeons and Dragons rougelike with encounters taking the form of cards. The more you play, the more variables are added to your adventures in the form of additional cards dealt by the enigmatic figure opposite you at the table.When you encounter enemies, the game becomes a third person hack and slasher with combat thats one part Fable and one part Arkham Asylum. There's no leveling, so character progression is based solely on equipment acquisition, as well as  your own personal aptitude for the combat system.For those interested in scores, I'd give this about an 8/10.I've never played a game presicely like this before, and that's a good thing."
76561198022064579,Recommended,266510,15580457,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,CrazyBear1987,"Everything, except the combat system, is great."
,Recommended,266510,15582257,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,The Bog Pill,"This game revolves around building a deck of equipment, encounter and location cards, in the style of a deck of playing/tarot cards and lets you play out a randomised series of encounters based upon the cards you chose. You unlock more things as you progress. Hand of Fate provides for a seemingly endless amount of replayability as each time you play will always be different. Could not reccomend this game any higher to any fan of DnD or fantasy roleplaying, do yourself a favour and buy this game!"
76561198053675470,Recommended,266510,15598102,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,BrantWarder,"Hand of Fate is a unique blend of deck building, RPG, and action/adventure with a good, if vague, story and a lot of replayability. It's quite fun and different than most games in any of its genres. It's not without issues but I would highly recommend this game.Pros:•	Well blended combination of gameplay from its three different genres•	Excellent soundtrack and voice work•	The random dungeons reward exploration while avoiding any grind due to the wide variety of encounters•	Each gameplay session is a different story in and of itself•	Excellent difficulty curveCons:•	I'm only going to put one thing here: the combat. Now don't get me wrong, I enjoy the combat, it's not broken, nor does it make the game unplayable. The problem is that it goes for counter-based combat of the Arkham variety. Unfortunately do to the fact that this is an indie game they didn't have the animation budget of something like Arkham City or Shadows of Mordor. As a result the combat is often feels janky as your character suddenly breaks off his combo to block the attack of an enemy behind him. While this is largely a visual thing it also effects the gameplay. At times it can be hard to tell whether or not an attack will hit you, it can also lead to you combat rolling into an enemies attack rather than away from it. Fortunately the combat doesn't outstay its welcome and the game as a whole is solid.To summarize: I loved this game! The combat was a bit of a hiccup but it's functional and the exploration and aesthetic more than make up for it. Plus the new DLC adds more play options each with their own twist. Buy this game because, if nothing else, you won't play anything else like it!"
76561198040739220,Recommended,266510,15829721,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Warri,Değişik.
,Recommended,266510,15833590,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Fore,"This game is the perfect example of multiple genres done correctly, after all, this is a Fantasy, Card Game, Choose your own adventure, Third Person Brawler.Card game: This game wouldn't be what it is without this aspect, seriously, it's really well doneBrawler(?): the fighting is SUPERB, once you get used to the fixed camera, the game flows nicely and you will rack up combos like a proOther Meaningful aspectsVoice Acting: The Dealer's voice is PERFECT, there is only one other voice actor who could have done a better job than Anthony Skordi in my opinionMusic: Very well done, it fits the atmosphere nicelyOverall, a very fun game if you have the spare time and some extra cash lying around, it's a really good buy"
,Recommended,266510,15812912,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,WHAM,"A card game in which you build decks of equipment and encounters, playing against a smart-mouthed dealer who guides you from event to event, encouter to encounter, and taunts you every step of the way, goading you on until he either gloats at your failure or grumbles at your success.That sounded pretty darn good to me, so I got Hand of Fate and played it. And I wasn't disappointed.Hand of Fate is a fairly simple game, combining a very Batman Arkham-esque combat system with an overworld card game full of decisions and chances to both succeed and fail. The random nature of the game can put some players off, though, as in the later levels you can play a near -perfect game and still fail miserably due to poor luck. Choosing your deck well can help, but it will only get you so far when the game starts doling out the ""-15 max health"" -cards.The game is occasionally a bit crude in it's visuals and animation, the dealer's card handling puts me off every time, but everything still manages to look functional and clear, easy to read and enjoyable once you get into it, and is brought together beautifully by the voice of the dealer.Hand of Fate is an enjoyable experience and well worth it's price tag. I recommend it wholeheartedly.Playtime: 10+ hours (single near-complete playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 8Audio: 8Story: 9Gameplay: 9Overall: 9"
76561198008580409,Recommended,266510,15629475,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,winc,very very very good game...it forced me to write this review..usually I am lazy and finicky....but this game is simple great !!
,Recommended,266510,15826085,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Elvoc,"The game is like a "" Choose your own Adventure"" with a mix of Action combat and strategy implemented via cards.Nice change of pace to the typical hack and slash games, adds new play mechanics with cards of chance. The cards also decide Weapons,Armor, encounters, Blessings, curses, and food rations which are needed for next turn healing.Each boss creates different challenges and the paths are always evolving and changing on each attempt or gameplay.Combat has increasing gotten better since this game was in EA, some of the combat motions at times seems a little slow but they have been refined enough to give that smooth combat style once you learn the mechanics of using a weapon, shield, and possibly Relic card to assist you in battle and how to respond to the different alerts that popup when an enemy is attacking.One of the more enjoyable pieces of the game is the card deck setup that occurs before you take a run at each boss, you get to decide what type of weapons and armor, plus what types of encounter cards are added each time before you start. This helps to somewhat personalize the game play, even though the Dealer has his own set of chance cards that also appear during the game.I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys card strategy games..."
76561197990029262,Recommended,266510,15476360,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Licious-D K&D,"Verdict: Surprisingly addictive game with a charismatic antagonist and charming (though sometimes frustrating) mechanicsTo be blunt, this game is not what I expected. Then again, what was there to expect from a game that advertises with being a ""card game"" with action game mechanics. When I first saw it, I figured it had to be something like ""Persona"" series of games, and to SOME extent, this holds true. The random nature of each ""dungeon"" is what you might say these have in common. The similarities end, however, when you actually play the game. If I had to compare it with something people already knew, I'd say it is a weird hybrid between a ""Make your own adventure"" game, mixed with a collectible (sort of) trading card game, some D&D and a pinch of Arkham Asylum - if that makes any sense.The gist of the game is this: You are a nameless Adventurer that battles against a mystic card dealer that sets you up with a different dungeon every time you start a new mission. Your adventurer is actually represented by a small golden gaming piece that you can move about the track of cards layed out before you. The cards obviously face down, and the moment you step on it, it is turned to reveal your fate - and behold there is quite alot to be revealed. The scenes are described using text in a the fashion you'd see a dungeon master read from them in any kind of fantasy rpg. ""Action"" in these scenes is usually resolved by being presented some choices and depending on which one is picked, some event happens. An example would be the ""Angry Guildmaster"": He bullies you out of the way with his horse, and you have the option to either ""Humbly apologize"", or try and steal from him. While the first option lets you continue on your way, the second lets you pick 1 of 4 cards to see how things develope. Dragin a ""success"" card will net you a reward card (coming in the form of food, gold, health potions and such), whereas a failure might result in you getting thrown into a dungeon, having to fight your way out against a number of opponents, which - you guessed it - is determined by the pick of a card.You'd be surprised how littel ""action"" there is actually going on. Only a minority of cards (still plentiful, mind you) actually leads to you being set into an action scene to fight. The game has a few set areas or stages where combat might take place, depending on where the descriptive card you landed on told you you were. There is quite a bunch of them, and some of them are trap-ridden and require keen awareness and movement.The combat itself is basically Arkham Asylum's Reflex system, where you have three different actions. Attack, counter, shieldbash. It is, literally, the same thing, but it works quite well and you rarely get the feeling you are not in control. It is nothing new or astonishing, but have you ever heard someone complain about AA's combat system? Me neither.As for items and such, you get a pretty standard array of axes, hammers and swords, a couple of rings, shields and armours, a bit of magic through ""artifacts"", pretty much standard fantasy stuff. Again, it works well enough to keep you entertained and allow for some meta-gaming.Now, you might wonder, what is my goal in this game and how does this card thing come into play appart from being a random mechanic? The longer you play, the more cards you unlock through ""tokens"", which are attached to some cards. Resolve the card in the intended way successfully, and you get new cards. You can then use these cards to build your decks: One is for all your own goodies like weapons and armour, the other for possible encounters - that's right, you get to determine what encounters you might have in your adventure! But beware, the sinister card dealer has a word in this, too. With every new adventure, he puts in increasingly more challenging cards. Also, each of the story mission comes with some kind of ""mutation"": Sometimes everyone moves faster and receives double damage, another one might forbid certain actions, make things more expensive, etc. It will keep things fresh for quite a while, at least for the ""story mode"", which is, essentially, just you wandering from card to card until you reach the next boss. When story mode is not enough, you can always try endless, where anything goes and you continue until you are dead.Now, with the card game mechanics come some things you'd might expect that make the whole experience a little... tainted. Especially in the later stages of the game, you might simply be unlucky and die without being able to do much about it. I had an especially annoying series of events that left me with ONE max HP (that is right: My maximum HP have been reduced from 100 to 1!), no food left (you lose Hitpoint when moving your piece without having food from ""starvation) and nothing to redeem myself. In essence, the game just laughed at me. Now, these extreme cases seem to be very, very rare, but there are other cases where you realize you will probably not stand a chance against the upcomming boss because you simply had no chance of drawing equipment cards, never receiving gold or food, or the dealer drawing two old bosses (once bosses are beaten, they can be drawn as ""regular"" enemies in encounters) very early in the game, causing you to either die or losing many hitpoints. Also, while it caters to the games charm, it is not always clear what the developers intended with certain events and what a certain choice might lead to. This ""trial and error"" principle is probably there to pad out the game a little bit (which would fall a little short in content, otherwise), but be aware that this game sometimes just doesn't seem to ""play it fair"".I also find it a little disappointing that the action sequences are so limited and that the majority of the game takes place ""at the table"". The game does make up with SUPERB voice acting by Anthony Skordi, whom you might recall from voicing the more cockney'esque Dark Elves in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. He also has quite the number of lines to boot, but still, it would have been much nicer if there had been a smoother transition between the card play and the actual action.Also, the overall card and deckbuilding mechanics fall short once you have unlocked all the cards. There is no ways to get ""doubles"" (apart from what the game gives you), or winning ""boosters"" to alter up or otherwhise improve your deck. The developers have already released one DLC, but need to bring more options if they want to bring longevity to this game.Of course, you have to consider that this is a kickstarter game and much of what I critisized could never be expected from the limited scope of ressourced the developers had at their disposal. The game is also budget-priced, so again, the equation fits. It is hard to do this game justice and it is a shame they do not provide a demo. It was a blind pick for me and I was pleasantly surprised, but it is hard to say whether this game will be to your liking or not. It is a fresh idea where the result is greater than the sum of its parts."
,Recommended,266510,15479265,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,UnKnown Player,"A fantastic short play game with an oddly smooth story telling element for what is semi random level design. It links trading card elements (you create your own decks which are used alongside the dealer's decks) with 3rd person combat and a feeling of enemies, progression, good and evil from the original Fable. You progress through levels by turning over adjacent cards, these invariably provide you with a challenge or opportunity which you must overcome, some are done through role playing choices, some through combat and some through basic games of chance. Along the way you need to keep an eye on your health, food and gold supplies, buy things from traders, give charity to worthy causes and collect more powerful items. As you defeat cards you gain new ones of your own which may or may not be dealt out as you progress through the game. Add to this the fact that the same card can have different outcomes on different play throughs and the replayability is high.Although not graphically stunning it is pretty enough and it is the voice of the narrator / dealer that makes the game come alive.A great game for 30 minutes or 3 hours, deffinitely worth a look especially for those of us that remember Hero Quest or Fighting Fantasy books."
,Recommended,266510,15481326,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,PEE PEE BOY,"This card-based roguelike is good for short pick-up and play sessions, and man you feel cool when you have a good run."
76561198127305553,Recommended,266510,15746517,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,MadaDaKitty,This game is awesome. It had rpg strats and stuff
76561197970683990,Recommended,266510,15749366,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Dorque,10 hours of solid item-collecting baddie-smacking fun.  Then 10 more slogging to 100% collection.
76561198071603945,Recommended,266510,15735851,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Cassius Scaeva the Centurion,This game is amazing. The RPG meets deck builder. The game is perfect for killing time spans between 15 minutes to an hour.
76561198056224164,Recommended,266510,18018674,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,steve92037,"Fun game, turned based card playing, has the feel of an old-school RPG with arcade action mixed in."
,Recommended,266510,16960090,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,PumpkinSpicedAutism,"A strange combination of deck builing and Arkham Asylum's challenge modes, but even though the game is fun I can't help but wish it was harder. Even the games warlock mode which is the hardest in the game is still a bit to easy for my taste.= and it left me craving for more of a challenge.But asides from it's easy difficulty it's an addicting, fun and the most unique game i have played this year.I payed full price for it and it's DLC and i don't regret a damn thing."
,Recommended,266510,18085168,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ProgenitorX,"Excellent game! You traverse a dungeon whose rooms are face down cards. Each card has an event or encounter that can lead to combat, treasure, fortunes, or misfortunes. You unlock more cards as you complete events, most of them being a chain (ex. Complete the Ritual event, unlock the Lich boss fight event, complete that and unlock the Druids event storyline). There is luck involved but a lot of it is also in your hands (Do you try to sneak past an enemy or face it in hopes of good loot? Do you really want to get involved in a blood auction?).There are tons of items that make combat interesting. I'll agree the animations can be a bit clunky at times when compared to something like the Batman games (it uses the basic combat mechanics as those), but it is not as bad as most reviewers will have you believe. Combat gets pretty difficult and intense in the later half of the game, and I pretty much just beat the final boss of the game because I had bought/found just the right items to keep me alive.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of roguelikes or just adventure games. The narrative is well written and the stories, even though they are just text through cards, are interesting and make you want to see them through. Trying to get some of the achievements can also be fun.The Wildcards DLC adds more variety to the roguelike elements by giving you Fates (classes essentially) that have a buff and a debuff on your character. It also adds Easy and Hard mode. I didn't use any Fates during my initial run, so I can't say much about the DLC, but I don't think it's worth the full price."
,Recommended,266510,13870159,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Gamergrill,"I've only played one hour so far, but despite very minor graphical errors, this game really impressed me.  I went in totally blind, not reading any reviews prior, and so every new aspect was a surprise.  The gameplay is more complex than it first lets on, but it eases you into it in a way that you can follow what's going on.  If my opinion changes the more I play, I'll modify this review.Watch me play it athttp://www.twitch.tv/gamergrill/b/607887692"
,Recommended,266510,13904890,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Babydoll_Vixen,"a very interesting spin on normal TCG'snot your average RPG or TCGif you are looking for something a bit different give it a try~Key Features~* Tabletop card game brought to vivid life.~ Okay let's think this through a little bit it is very very interesting concept and the swap between tabetop cards and more ands on Combat at times is Ingenious* A unique take on roguelike gameplay.~ every game is Different is the general concept of 'roguelike' to begin with having not many cards it makes the rounds or games feel almost identical* Visceral action-RPG combat.~ Yeah i can agree with that combat is for me quite nice ( lovely little surprise the first time it poped up for me)  sometimes though camera angle and controls are a little annoying* Game changing gear and items make every play through unique.~ as meantioned not really much unique gear to begin with as was one of my gripes before* Hundreds of encounters, items, armor, weapons, artifacts, and mysteries to unlock.~ in the begining like i have meantioned.... not too many variation* Unique deck building mechanics let you customise your own adventure, as you seek to defeat the Jack, Queen and King of each suit.~ well yes can't dispute that one"
76561197974367675,Recommended,266510,13372146,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,+3 wrench of fortitude,Dungeons & Dragons meets Rogue-lite gameplay in this spectacular card based game. I highly recommend!
,Recommended,266510,13515199,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Das Shermanator,"I usually HATE early access games, but love this one and cannot get enough of it.The way the developers have created a world of a mythical card game fully engages the players. If anyone has fun playing rougelike games, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,266510,14043233,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,UncertainZero,"This game is a really interesting mix of card based dungeon exploration and action RPG. You build a deck of encounters, the game adds some bad cards and off you go exploring. The game design is really unique and a lot of fun."
,Recommended,266510,14010904,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Listless Toboggan,"In a world where games have become repetitive copies of their predecessors, Hand of Fate says screw that, I'm going to different.And different it is.You get a deckbulding, choose-your-own-adventure rpg with high stakes/high rewards sytems.While the mechanics used in this game aren't original, and the combat is simple, the way all of these mechanics are combined in a totally original way.Plus, it looks great and has an intriguing story that actually ties into the mechanics of the deckbuilding. Throw some wonderful voice acting in and you got yourself one incredible game.Overall highly recommend."
,Recommended,266510,15543642,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Selth Blackwings,"A very fun game, very dictated by randomness but with the right amount of tactical choice"
,Recommended,266510,15544329,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,[SUAFT] Axle,"During the wrap up of a chapter, I swore I could see excitement in the dealer's eyes. It felt like the kind of excitement one would feel when sharing something special with another.I whole heartedly recommend this game."
76561198014852706,Recommended,266510,15971620,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,terminaltattoos,amazeballs
76561197968900896,Recommended,266510,15777271,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,S@isfaction(CH),"Only downside to the game is the combat system, really, it is quite clunky at times. the concept itself is amazing, fun and definitely challenging."
76561197992712105,Recommended,266510,15697319,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Tholos,"Very nice concept, specially the deck building part. The combat can be a bit simplistic but overall definitely worth it."
76561198025992746,Recommended,266510,16748232,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Kunkka,Defiant D has created a great game with an interesting self-generated story and a brilliant UI. Haven't detected any bugs so far. I can also see how they optimized the use of Unity 3D Engine in this game. 8.5/10
76561197993548532,Recommended,266510,16626743,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Crowley,"The Deck + Action thing is a neat gimmick and the game is moderately diverting. Some annoying elements not to my taste - luck is too large an element for me.Currently full price is £18.99, worth it for £7.50 or less in a sale."
76561198046885692,Recommended,266510,16628400,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,lossa17,"Combine the basic concept of Rogue, with dungeon hack and slash, story telling, Magic the Gathering addictiveness. A truly brilliant game that masterfully combines all the positive ""hamster wheel"" progression traits that gamers of this genre crave.Combat is a little repetitive but then I am fairly early on in my progression and have not been able to start deck stacking kit combinations against encounters.It's a very easy game to pick up and put down (in theory). By that I mean you can literally snack on a few steps each session if you want. I struggle to play for less than an hour at a time at the mo!Also the Jeremy Irons deck/dungeon master is very well done, please keep adding to his soundbite vocabulary it's a very engaging part of the game."
,Recommended,266510,16628799,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tabbarn,"This game is really fun, its clunky and rough around the edges but I am really enjoying myself when playing this. Its a very casual game where you can sit down at a table and play a game of cards with this mysterious, unknown man. He is a really nice man and helps you and gives you advice along the way.The card portion of the game is where its core is at. Here you move around the ""world map"" and discover events, random encounters, people, monsters, caves, treasure hunts and all sorts of things. Sometimes its all to your favour where you gain lots of treasure and loot. Then at other times, you fail miserably and lose everything. Its all up to chance.The combat portion of the game, I think is the weakest part. It consists of short, intense, Arkham-style combat. This works really well for its purpose but I feel like it could be expanded and improved.All in all, this is a unique game that has alot to offer. I am looking forward to future updates and expansions."
,Recommended,266510,16727330,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,The IG Hero,"I don't play D&D, but after playing this game I feel like I should! This game fun and crazy cool as F***.Really if you haven't played it please just try this game it's great hidden gem!"
76561198018812704,Recommended,266510,16732753,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,rayx0r,"i know, I havnt played the game long but since this is a positive review nobody will judge meits fun as hell, and refreshing. You wont find another game like it, even if it just looks like a deck builder from its description.the narrative is very well done, and the music is as well. Its a lot more than what I expected, thats for sure."
76561198065331494,Recommended,266510,16712492,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Not Bowiespoon,"Fun, Unique, and mysterious with baby's first dark souls for combat. Its hellishly fun, especially with a few friends."
,Recommended,266510,16732922,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Narl,nice game play. definitely worth trying
76561198015731346,Recommended,266510,16756666,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ExA_Sn4k3,"the mood is great, the dealer seems so alive u can talk to him ,seems to be there betting your own life at every card."
76561197985679061,Recommended,266510,16767527,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,angstseed,"Hand of Fate is a fantastic game.  It's like my sympathetic bro that I don't hang out with nearly enough, but when I do I'm like why don't we hang out all the time?  But then I'm like, oh, right, that's why.  Hand of Fate is special though, make no mistake.  It fills a void in gaming for me - when I'm in that place where I don't want to steal cars and hustle, hunt and kill ancient demons, or get deep into diplomacy while building a nation, Hand of Fate's got my back.  When I'm too hungover for ""normal"" games, too twitchy to play twitch shooters, and too high to die (or rather, too high to want to constantly have to worry about dying..), HoF has me covered.  It's casual and somehow still challenging.   It's a special kind of game, and certainly deserves your time,."
,Recommended,266510,14528235,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Endothlyne,I've only played this one for a short while but I am so impressed I will give my opinion now. Hand of fate pretty much sums up why I am an avid support of indie developers. Recently there have been some cracking new titles such as Darkest Dungeon and others where they really have come up with some great ideas. Hand of fate is no exception. My hat goes of to  Defiant who have taken some traditional RPG elements and mixed them in with a luck based card system. This really is thinking outside of the box and it works brilliantly. The great thing is that its not just all about the cards. In combat your reactions play a part as well. The two modes story and endless will ensure a different game time after time. The artwork and card descriptions fit the games atmosphere perfectly.PS. This is not a multiplayer or card trading game. Its single player. That said I think if they ever did a sequel with those elements it would add in a very interesting aspect to what is already a superb title. Well done guys.
76561198038542513,Recommended,266510,14528458,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Old Man Mordaith,This is the big surprise for me. It was on sale. I picked it up. I played it.It is the first time I regreted not grabbing a game in EA. Worth full price. Will buy the DLC. I can easily recommend this to anyone. It is a wonderful blend of Deck Building and Action. Randomness and Choice. I am already excited to see what happens as I go further.The best money I have spent on a video game in months.
76561198009644659,Recommended,266510,14529659,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Cribbage,"You proceed through a dungeon, where each room is a card that has some kind of encounter on it.  Some encounters are about making choices, some will lead to a fight scene, in which you need to win a combat against mobs.It works well as a dungeon crawl, due to the random element, but it seems to have decent balance.  The encounters comprising the dungeon are made from a combination of cards put in by the dungeon master (an NPC) and your own deck, which you build over time.There is a reasonably strong RPG feel.  Partly this is because some cards progress based on your choices (if you ""win"" during one encounter, the reward is often a new card with a follow-up encounter)."
76561198167132935,Recommended,266510,14530113,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,orlesian,"I'm a sucker for card games. I'm also a sucker for good RPGs and Choose-Your-Own-Adventures Series.Now these brilliant people at Defiant Development combined all these three and voila! Hand of Fate. I love this. Love love love this. The graphics need a little tweaking, but this is build 1.0 people, so give them some slack. A game like this doesn't come along often enough in this world of triple-A, huge budget game titles. And the price is just delicious.Go get it, people. Get it. GET IT. NOW."
,Recommended,266510,14531068,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Slotoburn,"This game oozes character. The tabletop RPG trappings really carry the gameplay, and the Arkham Asylum style combat is tidy and engaging without being overly technical (I'm crap at action games). What these devs have done with Unity is immensely impressive."
,Recommended,266510,14531339,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Yoggle,Best Game to spend some smart and good time
,Recommended,266510,14531537,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,THE SOVIET BEAR!,I want to steal the Narrator's voice and claim it for my own10 / 10 would play card's with a creepy man again
76561197993681308,Recommended,266510,14531632,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,UNCLE TOBYS,"Landed on ""Mister Lionel"" card.Tells me if i give him what he needs, he will make me what my heart desires.I give him bread.He gives me a sheild.He tells me i remind him of his son.He steals my onion from my plate as he runs off.Dealer accuses me of using Mister Lionel repeatedly as an easy way to get a shield.12/10: would get a sheled fron Mister Lionel again."
,Recommended,266510,14531808,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,VinylRichTea,"Great game, so much fun and infuriating at the same time, definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,266510,14727131,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,torrentails,"Cool game; takes the cards and deck building concept and adds in an RPG/adventure element. Gets a little stale, but definately worht checking out!"
,Recommended,266510,14728078,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Shad0wRunn3r,"After 17 hours I finally reached the last boss... Still managing to kill it, but I think now I can write a review.Hand of fate is a very unique experience mixing some hack n slash, RPG, and CCG boardgames. If you ever played the board game Talisman and you like it, this game is for you. Very atmospheric and nicely done cards randomly create dungeons with tests and fights, and there is a huge role of luck in the game.Honestly why it took me this long to get to the last boss is the pure misfortune I had in most deals. I was literally trying to punch through my laptop screen, shouting at the dealer. :DBut still despite the LOT of frustration the game can cause, when finally beating a level, you feel very rewarded despite there is no real reward, just another level of anal♥♥♥♥♥♥I think the main weak point of the game is the battle element which is repetitive and for me it is somewhat difficult sometimes because of the controls. Also (again for me) sometimes there are too many things happening at the same time in a battle.All in all it is a great game but could be much better with classes, co-op mode, and maybe more complex dungeons with monsters, not only single encounters. Also difficulty levels would be welcome, I have a hunch that I will spend a long time until I will be able to defeat the final boss. I suck at button smashers."
,Recommended,266510,14651922,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,"Cook, Serve, Delicioso DOS!","I had 120+ max HP, 50+ food, 200+ gold and equipped from head to toe, ready to fight the final boss. And then I drew a Huge Failure and died.9/10"
76561198117968024,Recommended,266510,14716256,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DuhKing,10 out of 10Love it when you explore new cards.The combat system could improve to make it even smoother though.
76561198051711028,Recommended,266510,14719215,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ovrlordz_PWN_sauce,"Wow!!! I never post a review about a game on steam. This will be my first, but i just had to alt tab out to tell you guys about this. Not only is this an entirely new genre that we've never seen in a video game, it amazing!!!! The game is so replayable, its ever changing, and the story telling is great. I haven't finished the game yet, but i feel as though there is an overarching story envolved! I cant wait to see what additional content and new titles these developers come up with! I really hope to see something where four player can play against a  player controlled dungeon master in a relatively open world setting.IN SUMMARY, BUY THIS GAME YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!!"
,Recommended,266510,14698399,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,CrackFoxJunior,"Now this is a story all about howMy life got flipped - turned upside downand I'd like to take a minute, just sit down, JamesI'll tell you how I became the undisputed King of Card Games."
76561198052923132,Recommended,266510,14699989,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Do you want fries with that?,"Great game, nice change to the gaming community."
76561198046221922,Recommended,266510,14704818,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Lucky,"I love this game.It feels equally balanced with both skill and luck.The main story line isn’t too long, but Replay value is huge. From curses and blessings, to the cards in your deck; this game makes me want to play again to see all possible card combinations possible.  Depending on the size, content, and price, I look forward to dlc they might put out.If you are looking for rouge like dungeon crawler mixed with a chose your own adventure elements and fable like combat controls; then this game is for you."
76561198041999667,Recommended,266510,14706394,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Shadowsprite,"Excellent blend of Arkham style combat, CCG and visual novel style gameplay. I wish there were more suits to challenge!"
76561197994864307,Recommended,266510,14706417,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Kabal,excellent
76561198055181639,Recommended,266510,14708648,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,BlackCorsair,A masterpirce!
,Recommended,266510,14537595,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Weasy,Hearthstone + Dungeon and Dragons + mmo-rpg. 8/8 game.
,Recommended,266510,14537633,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Brangwen,"I bought this game as early access.  The original releases were promising, but were riddled with balance issues - as one would expect from a raw development release.  But the premise, as everyone has said, was intreiguing. Defiant Development have always created games that put a new angle on a well trod genre, but Hand of Fate seems to be more than that.The release version was an amazing surprise in comparison to the last development release - smooth, polished, mostly balanced.  There are still wild swings of too easy to WTFBBQSAUCE hard, but much of that comes down to luck of the draw.  Seeing as luck pretty much is the premise and title of the game, one cant really complain about it too much.  That said, the unpredictability didn't detract from my failing miserably and wanting to rerun to get a different set of cards and different luck."
76561197970828689,Recommended,266510,14538078,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ShoHashi,Great RPG card game....keeps you guessing and feeling a sense of accomplishment when you finish a game!
76561197971208404,Recommended,266510,14538100,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,zingfodd,It's like playing D&D with David Bowie. And playing D&D with David Bowie is awesome. You NEED to buy this game.
,Recommended,266510,14538224,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,necrofobic,"fantastic game, very strong table top feeling with the added bonus of manual action oriented combat, a real hidden gem. if you are in any way into rpg games you should buy it, if you are in any way into pen and paper rpg you should buy it and finally if you want something original you should buy it.10/10 would draw another card"
76561197993514098,Recommended,266510,14538739,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Diezmar,Cards and fighting.
,Recommended,266510,14538905,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,BR3W,"Seriously, a very fun game. They do a great job of taking old school tried and true methods, then putting them through an experimental execution, and I think that it works beautifully. I think that the game is totally worth the full 25$ price, but all the better to pick it up for $20 on sale.Would love to see multiplayer in future installments! Perhaps the ability to craft your own cards?"
76561198090008986,Recommended,266510,14538954,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,SocialismIsEvil,"I'm in love with this game. It combines the combat of the Assassin's Creed series with the storytelling of D&D with a very rewarding and comprehensive TCG. The narrating of the ""GM"" is excellently done and the atmosphere is quite creepy.  I'm going to finish the main story before I continue, but so far I've been enthralled by the concept as well as the gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,266510,14538969,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,UrZa,"Fantastic concept very original ,enjoying it so far"
76561198039058150,Recommended,266510,14539030,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Gigiwoo,"My son wanted to play The Forest together. So, while waiting for that to download, I opened up The Hand of Fate to check it out. Three hours later, we were deeply engaged in the Hand of Fate, taking turns with the combat. It's a fantastically unique game that is part RPG, part deck building, and part Rogue-like. Can't wait to continue tomorrow!"
76561197973051663,Recommended,266510,14539263,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Popcorn Colonel,"Hand of Fate is a clinic in good game design.  Yes, it borrows from many sources:  choose-your-path books, collectible card games, arcade fighters and more.  But it blends those diverse elements into something you've not seen before.  When you've been gaming for four decades as I have, playing something unique is a rare treat indeed.+ Eye-catching art+ Interesting writing and voice acting+ Understated sense of humor+ Gameplay that appears simple but becomes more complex and challenging the longer you play+ S T Y L E.  Oodles of it.  In an endless sea of MMO, RTS and FPS clones, this stands out like a bright beaconNothing is perfect, of course...- The basis for the interface design is obviously consoles, which makes keyboard and mouse slightly awkward.  Not game-breaking by any means, but it is noticeable for PC Master Race types such as myself.  Still, it shouldn't stop you from buying.  You'll quickly get used to it -- or just plug in a gamepad.- A few minor spelling errors.  I'm a self-admitted grammar nazi, however, so most people probably won't notice or won't care even if they do notice.  A niggle, nothing more.  Pardon me while I stroke my neurosis.Summary:  Just buy it.  I promise you haven't played anything exactly like it before, and at the price point you'll easily get your ""movie standard"" value out it.  If nothing else, it shows support for game designers who aren't swimming in the blood gutter of money clones, and we could do with a lot more of that."
76561197972300715,Recommended,266510,14539443,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Novas,"What an awesome game! Everytime I finished a round, I would play another! If I hadn't explored all of the cards in any particular round in ""story book"" mode, I would play that round again to try and uncover all of the cards! Best part is, they aren't the same cards or layout every time. Can only imagine the expansions for this and other features that could be added in the future. A breath of fresh air this game is!"
76561197965293210,Recommended,266510,14539527,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Velvet Winter,Charming board game I would play at half the price I would pay for it.
,Recommended,266510,14539721,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Onions,"I find this to work more like a board game.  If Talisman tried some rogueish influence you'd have Hand of Fate: an interesting game where you play levels: first the jack of a suit, then you restart and fight another suit's boss after a level, rinse, lather repeat.  Simple enough.  The game is played by using facedown cards as tiles, moving one space at a time (using food as a resource), discovering each card and playing out each scenario -- Might be an enemy ambush!  Might be a shop to get new armor, weapons, spells, etc.  Completing some cards in certain circumstances (like score a critical success) will reward you with new cards for later levels. You get to pick some of the cards that are used on this playing field, though there are other cards involved in it to.  Combat isn't terribly exciting, just whackwhackwhack counter chance! whackwhackwhack counter! Roll!!  The adventures themselves are still quite enjoyable, though not too difficult.An overlooked part of this game is the Dealer character. The only speaking character is the monologuing Dealer, who has a very good attitude for a 1-on-1 DM. He has some interesting things to say, no matter how small: Sometimes when I get a blessing, he'll say he made the card a little overpowered, and should rebalance it sometime.  Things like that just come across as genuine, though you'll hear him say much more interesting things.As far as pricing goes, even $20 seems a little high, I'd recommend picking it up around the $10-15 range."
76561198067688204,Recommended,266510,14547686,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Overlord,Awesome game! Very addictive! Love it!
,Recommended,266510,14548220,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Felonious Ham,"Normally I avoid RPG's, Fantasy themes, and card games. So why do I play this? Because its super duper fun and creative. Its put together well, and offers a lot of replayability. Very cool idea, recommended!"
,Recommended,266510,14548446,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,MonkeyFinger,"I just started playing. Card games usually bore me, but this seems very fun so far. I have to gain response time on my action to do better, but is fun learning along the way so far. It is fast from the start and lots of action. So far so good, will report back later...thumbs up so far!! Not regretting my purchase, which is nice!"
76561198019870505,Recommended,266510,14548648,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,NeoEgo,With only a few hours of gameplay I already feel like I won't regret this purchase. Has an interesting take on the Rougue-like genre with deck-building concepts. With the inclusion of random events and multiple choices laid before you it feels like playing a DnD session combined with Choose Your Own Adventure. Future hours will be spent here for sure.
76561198165933346,Recommended,266510,14548827,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Brewsta,Its like a cross between a Final Fantasy book and Jumanji and voice acted by a silver tongued legend.Great work devs.10/10
76561198080845037,Recommended,266510,14548945,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,SirByrt,"Are you nerdy enough to want to play a game like D&D but not nerdy enough to want to play it with actual people?  Then this is the game for you.  An interesting concept to combine elements of a dungeon master with the chance of choosing cards correctly that ultimately effect whether or not you will lose all your precious food, fight multiple enemies, or gain a new piece of equipment.  Infinitely replayable due to the large variety of cards, each with their own small story and effects.  The real challenge is trying not to beat the story mode in one setting since the aquisition of new cards after each story win drags you back in for another round."
,Recommended,266510,16508718,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,InsaneAction,"This is an amazing game, the story telling is well done and draws you in! The 3rd person combat is a nice break from moving from card to card. Also the way you go about getting gear and items for use is just amazing. It starts you with a little and you grow to be a complete badass as the game progresses. There are times where you feel like you've gotten the worse hand dealt to you but you fight back and it's a great feeling to come out of the ""card dungeon"" a winner.10/10 Wish I had gotten this one sooner."
,Recommended,266510,16510754,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Lets,"If you like Dungeon crawling, arena-style combat, and the strategy behind CCGs, this game is for you. This is almost like a randomly generated single-player Dungeons and Dragons, it's a very unique game. For the price, it offers a lot more than what it asks."
76561198076712188,Recommended,266510,16510785,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MrsGiant,"A wonderful mix of an RPG, a deck-builder, and a choose your own adventure game."
,Recommended,266510,16509445,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jupac,One of the most unique storytelling style I've seen in games. Loved voice acting too. and the surprise face after defeating the boss *GASPS*.
,Recommended,266510,16515699,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Interdimeditational Sex Cashews,Would I recommend this game? Yes. It is almost exactly like the board game version of Dungeons and Dragons (with some limitations obviously) and is very optimized. Only once did I lose more than 15 frams at a time.
,Recommended,266510,16517893,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,sevrl bats,"part randomized roguelike, part choose-your-own-adventure, part arena battler. all the individual pieces are simple, but they come together to be quite satisfying. the narrator is well-written and well-voiced, and the challenge is pitched more or less just right, scaling up significantly toward the end. there's no excuse not to grab this game."
76561198064474347,Recommended,266510,15250686,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Andyisgold,"I enjoy this game. I think it is worth 40 bucks easy, it has a great new fresh idea on video games. I personally think it is a bit unfair at times but sometimes it is very rewarding. If I had anything else to say about this game it would be to add cutscenes and movies to the game, and if possible more scenarios and items. Also my game kinda freezes up sometimes. I have no idea why but it does. I have a Lenovo Y50 and it is brand new. I think it may be internet though. This is a must pick up at 20 or less."
,Recommended,266510,16519677,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jackety,"Entertaining. Inventive. Unique. Interesting. The story here is a strange one, but the fun comes from the gameplay - encounters make up cards in a deck, the dealer makes dungeons with randomly selected cards, and a boss awaits the end of every one. Equipment is in the same way (randomly dealt cards - unlocked over time - from the deck and from dungeon encounters). Minor and basic hack-and-slash sections for actual fights; they add a bit of much-needed visceral component to the game, though are fairly simple."
76561198002557254,Recommended,266510,16666168,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nosferatu Zodd,"I agree with another reviewer when he said this game makes you feel like your sitting down for a single player D&D game.   The controls are very responsive during the fights, and I'm very pleased with this game so far. (As of now, I've played this game for about an hour and am about to start my third adventure."
76561198040646596,Recommended,266510,14573284,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Blues,Very innotative and fun.
76561198030738170,Recommended,266510,14573331,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mrs Brisby,This game takes all the great elements from many genre's and forms them together to create something outright now. A very fun new game. Well worth the price it's going for.
,Recommended,266510,14574354,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ZephusGaming,"So I've only played a few hours of this game, but holy hell am I addicted! This game is a choose your own adventure, action RPG card game. I never thought something like this would work, but it does. I would definitely recommend this to anyone. Perfect for streaming too."
,Recommended,266510,14574866,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,TheOniEks,"I only just started playing this game, but from the get go it had me hooked with its game board adventure sytle with each step decided by the cards drawn. The fights are very similar to games such as Assassins Creed and The Arkham series of Batman games. I can't wait to discover more of this game as it drags me deeper into its dungeons."
76561198035290819,Recommended,266510,14575471,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mr. crazydude,"A very interesting and deadly game of cards.The story telling in this game is amazing. I love how the dungeon master (or whatever he is called) always works against you. Outing his anger when you gain something and laughing at you when you are closer to death. The cards are just as intruiging as well. A big variety of encounters, roleplay (aka find the right card out of 4) and shops. Endless mode is just a bunch of fun so you can play to your hearts content.However the game is not without it's flaws ofcourse. During every card encounter the game gives you the option to ""take the challenge"" or ""leave"". That's really not a great option as you will most likely always click the ""yes"" button. I don't really see a point in not doing a challenge either. If you are low and you skip it you will most likely be dead on the next card as you can't skip everything.combat is it's biggest flaw I'm afraid. It's very nice to get down and personal in a fight but the mechanics are a bit lacking. You can easily win every combat you encounter. There should either be a more complex version of it or a difficulty setting (as there is none in the game, just default difficulty). If you want a better version of it, go play one of the pc batman games. Same combat style but better designed. On a side note I also love how the arena constantly changes by what card you drew. From deserts to castles to forest etc.... depending on the card you drew and the boss you will be facing (so far I encountered: dust, undead, rats and lizzards as monster mobs, I guess that's also the only ones in the monster decks)Overall I'm enjoying it very much! I would recommend it if you are into card games, but not if you're a combat veteran."
,Recommended,266510,14575488,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,gondorle,"I don't write reviews everytime I play a new game I enjoy. I need to really love it or hate it. Why? Well, I am a lazy geek that enjoys procrastinating and well, do nothing. In this case, I really need to say a couple of things:I bought this game on a whim. I liked the concept and the music in the trailers sounded cool. The price was just right for my ""I buy a new game on steam every month"" thing, and so I did.This game brings back memories of old. The soundtrack is awesome, our opponent is awesome as well and the replayability is absolutely tremendous. Everytime you play, it is a different game. You don't quite understand if the card dealer is a friend or a foe, maybe both, but you'll love him for it.It is as much as an RPG as it is an Adventure game and well, a card game as well. You keep playing, betting on your luck and mixing it with micro-management and you'll eventually finish it all. It's not as easy as you might think though, you need some combat skills as well. The game is not all about playing cards, you do need to fight your way through various combat situations, which is cool. The combat system reminds me of games like Batman, where you need to counter enemies attacks. Of course you'll need some nice equipment and nice equipment you get throughout your gameplay session. Never the same mind you. The bosses - yes, there is a boss for every ""playthrough"" - are hard enough, but you'll probably won't find any real difficulty, unless you've been real unlucky in the past like getting robbed by goblins of your food and pieces of equipment, or even a tough unfortunate card you've chosen that made you lose life etc....All in all, it's not exactly up to you how you end the playthrough. It depends both on luck and skill, which is like in everyday life, where most of the things are outside your margin of control. The game is an awesome improvement on card and rpg games alike, and should be played by as many people as possible. The price is awesome, for an awesome game. Hand of Fate is my new favourite game, buy it."
,Recommended,266510,14575623,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kwapple uA,Great game with some awesome mechanics and a dealer you will both love and hate.If you liked old school choose your own adventures you will love this
76561198034827455,Recommended,266510,14575750,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Gammlernoob,Awesome mechanic and atmosphere. Pretty easy at the beginning but difficulty rises (a lot) the longer you play! If you like games with randomness ( for example Crusader Kings 2 ) you should really take a look at the game.^^
,Recommended,266510,14575867,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SunSorrin,A few graphic and sound bugs but beyond that its a good game.
76561198086755541,Recommended,266510,14575972,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Fainaigue,"You imediately delve into the story and fantasy of the game due to the superb voice acting and the lack of control you have. Constantly risking everything to make the right decision keeps you on the edge of your seat and makes you want to pound the table in frustration, yet you'll want to play another round to discover the new cards and upgrades you've required through shear luck and the tiniest bit of skill. To explain the rest of the game would require hundreds of words and dozens of spoilers. It is definately worth your time and money to check this game out."
76561198031400207,Recommended,266510,14576536,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SirGleaner,Worth it for the experience.
76561197987628842,Recommended,266510,14576610,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,The Beard Exquisite,I did enjoy this game a lot in the beginning but starting the 3rd act i am unable to progress... one failed roll and i am pretty much screwed... damn those tentacle monsters stealing my shield and hp.if you like a BIG challenge i recommend this game to you but if you are like me and have only limited patience... maybe not so much :)
76561197965662928,Recommended,266510,14576690,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,KnIf0r^TITAN,Not like any other game i have played.... try it :D
,Recommended,266510,14576723,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,The Mi-Go 13,"Relaxing but challenging. A fun, unique table-top RPG / Rogue-lite / Action fantasy game that is at once old school and totally unique. WELL worth the experience. Super fun!"
00000000000000000,Recommended,266510,14577107,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,gary[God of Code],Omg.So. Damn. Original.One of the best games I've ever played!
76561198016042084,Recommended,266510,14577302,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,๖ۣۜMR.Ɖesuloki,A fun random dungeon card game where you create and customise your own deck and fight the boss of each deck.10/10
,Recommended,266510,14577367,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,St3yr,"This game sounded intriguing, so for twenty bucks I thought ""Why not"". I like card games, I'm into MTG and Hearthstone so this looked up my alley.The voice acting is what does it for me. It's not just another card game; this game feels like a story is being told. And that is fun and enjoyable."
,Recommended,266510,14578263,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,~Robin,"One of the most fun and catchy games i played in the last yearsDeath, surpirses allot of RNG this game has it all, really would recommend it if you are into card games, rpg and rogue-likes"
76561197970509330,Recommended,266510,14578437,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Blurfester,"Very fun, roguelike, deck building fantasy game. Most enjoyable and relaxing."
,Recommended,266510,14578518,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,King Koopa,"This game is great. It's probably the best game I've bought in the past 6 months. I've never played anything like this game, and I love it. The only thing con I can see about this game is the fighting may get repetitive after hours of gameplay. Still, I highly recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,266510,16436380,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mr. Teddy,"Very well done game packed with strategy and excitment, all wrapped up in a constant mystery of whats coming next."
,Recommended,266510,14639097,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,IRMA,"Even though as I write this review I only have 3 hours into this game, I felt like a game this phenomanel deserved a reccomendation. Hand of Fate isn't just some card game though such as Pokemon/Magic/Yu-Gi-Oh. You move around your piece onto different cards for different encounters such as an ambush or a shop. If you land on an enemy encounter you don't do the normal turn-based attack like most jrpg's/card games, you actually fight the enemies with the equipment you have gathered on your journey like in mmorpgs such as Neverwinter (but in Hand of Fate the combat isn't tedious/monotonous). Other aspects of the game are the voice acting which is just fantastic, or the graphical detail which is also amazing. The game's replay value is almost infinite seeing as how once you unlock endless mode you can play randomly generated matches until you perish. Hand of Fate is a game I would most definitely recommend  to about anyone who like card games and rpgs. I give this game a 9.5/10."
76561197962473519,Recommended,266510,14940063,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Caff,"Love this game.  Every play through is a unique randomised roleplaying experience.  You uncover more experiences each time you play, and each playthrough has it's own story, and it's own highs & lows.Even thought it's based around cards, it's NOT a Hearthstone game.  This is a new concept, yet it feels like a classic game you might have played (and loved) as a kid.You travel by uncovering cards and facing random encounters, playing against ""The Dealer"".  He's a sinister and challenging figure who both taunts and encourages you through the good and bad cards you uncover.  It feels like a boardgame and roleplaying game being played out just for you,  The combat sequences provide some relief through action, yet are difficult if you are not prepared with appropriate armour, weapons and blessings.Best game of 2015 for me so far, and I really recommend this to anyone who's ever played and loved ""Hero Quest"" or the old ""Fighting Fantasy"" books by Ian Livingstone & Steve Jackson.  It's old skool - yet new skool - and I have hopes that more people will discover this wonderful game."
,Recommended,266510,14942959,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,ZedR,Fun game. I feel like I like it more than I should. I plays soooo much better here on PC than PS4.
76561198013500135,Recommended,266510,14892930,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Borghal Rantipole,"What an awesome idea to mix card game ,rpg and action all in one. Great job.Great replay value."
76561197999923496,Recommended,266510,14607396,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Soulself,"As of writing this review i have put close to 17 hours into the game and finally beat the final part of the story mode, while the game dose have some things that are minor annoyances for the most part it is a very good game.If i were to give any advice to players it is do not sell your hats :P to many times i would run across this quest to give these soldiers your helmet and you need three to complete the quest, well i had two so i gave them up then ran to a store bought another hat and came back and the quest reset meaning i needed three hats.Don't know what else to say, the game looks great the voice actor Anthony Skordi did a great job as the dealer, the game is fun and you never know whats going to happen next, maybe get a curse where you can no longer eat food and have to survive off eating gold.. then get all that gold stole so you stave to death with a pack full of food :P(edited to fix some spelling errors)"
,Recommended,266510,14943385,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Zander,"I decided to splurge and get this game before it went on sale, and it was totally worth it. Great and very challenging game. It's a very creative combination of roguelike, deckbuilding, and hack and slash. Solid gameplay overall.My main complaint for this game is the lack of replay value. After you have beaten the game, You will have almost all of the cards, and won't want to reset the game. You can do endless mode to its full potential after the story mode, but endless mode takes out all of the deckbuilding. It would have been great to somehow include deckbuilding in endless mode.Besides that, The story was incredibly fun to play and the token system for getting new cards was very cool. I liked the little mini-game of ""following"" the chance cards when they were shuffled. The combat was surprisingly very enjoyable. The dealer had a very fitting, snarky personality. There were no glaring problems with the game save for the ending, which seemed a bit unfinished.Overall, amazing game. Highly recommend. 9/10"
76561197975902233,Recommended,266510,14682913,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,King,"I was going to pass this game by as yet another boring card game until I looked at the screenshots and saw what looked like an RPG element. This seemed interesting so I bought it, and am quite glad that I did. Not only does it have a card game element, but also a board game element (like ""Monopoly!"") and a RPG element. This makes it quite unique and better yet, all of these elements intermesh nicely. On top of that the game is executed superbly, which is a testement to the game designers skills. The difficulty of the game increases at a frustrating, yet manageable rate. At first it seemed that the lack of a saving the game and keeping your items was a weakness, but in the end it was a strength. It made it mandatory to use different item combinations early in each new game to survive, which often produced unexpected results leading to an advancement path that I likely would not have otherwise tried. The crucial dealer character is well done and appropriately sarcastic and arrogant at times, and other  times cajoling and supportive of your efforts. That made his inevitable defeat most satisfying.  The final battle I thought was well done, whereas in other games it is a disappointing afterthought. I am still playing the game to round up the last few tokens I havent gotten and intend to play the endless mode from time to time for amusement. Be warned this game is highly addictive and you can expect to lose a whole weekend or week before you are satisfied. The only question I have is how long do I have to wait for the sequel?"
,Recommended,266510,15396262,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,xDaudex,Pros:Creatively designed gameFun once you get used to the systemUnlocking cards even if you die makes dying seem not so badCons:Game does not force you to learn mechanics till the difficulty increases at the endThe first 75% of the game is too easyThe difficulty spike at the end is ridiculous
76561197965640732,Recommended,266510,15490691,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Arkanon,Something Different and worth looking at.
,Recommended,266510,15495934,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Z-Rex,10/10 best chill game ever.
,Recommended,266510,14602595,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MaX,">>>>>   ""Full controller support""?>>>>>   or should it be ""Only controller(s) which we care enough to patch the workable interfaces, so it may work with this game""?>>>>>   My (XBCD) XBoX Controller has been detected by Steam's system hardwares information analyzer, so what is the excuse for the developers to disregard this problem while display false information for this product when porting from XBox Lives! onto this platform?  We didn't expect anyone to use other kinds of controller(s) or device(s)???>>>>>   My controller is recognized by all other applications, and works fine in other Steam game(s), so don't even try to say that the root cause was from my particular hardware.>>>>>   Fix this issue, and I might change this review to be something more amazing than just words to help selling this games; It will be the proof to the developers' genuine support and show those who might come across this comment about how might they expect for a respond if they ever encounter such a problem or issue when they deal with game(s) from this company>>>>>   Update my stance on the recommendation for devteam responding to the issue, hopefully fixing the issue for my gamepad driver...>>>>>   Latest patch makes the game much more fun and also seems to help the input interface to recognize some but not all of the controllers from different vendors by the dev's effort on improving xinput.dll.>>>>>   With all that said, I am impressed by how the deveoper is backing behind this release, so here is my positive review as the respond to such noble attempt to improve the players experience.* For anyone else still having the same problem for the controller support as I had mentioned, try searching ""JoyToKey.exe"" with Google.  I am certain that should resolve all issues involving controllers support, as it did for mine."
76561197972196026,Recommended,266510,15466935,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Cob,"this game is like meth, it'll ruin your life, take your job, destroy your marrage, and deem you an unfit parent. but you'll still keep coming back for more."
76561198045162975,Recommended,266510,15472976,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ninnyhammer,"I haven't seen a game quite like this before(95% luck 5% skill lol). I won't reveal too much in this review. I want people to discover things on their own! This game is really good!Combat is quick, intuitive and a little clunky. (combat is similar to Fable, especially how enemies die lol).The card system is unique and fun. You never know how things will play out. (Protip: Play The Game on HARD difficulty, don't bother with normal... you want to experience this game to its fullest)The fate/luck element is frustrating(and sometimes brutally so), yet when you succeed it's fulfilling (if you're lucky). I keep going back for more, don't get discouraged!Also... I think the card-dealer-master-dude is voiced by Jeremy Irons?!?!?!??! YES?! He is why I forgave the Eragon movie/director for ruining the only chance I had at seeing the rest of those books come to life.0/10000 for Eragon movie10/10 for Jeremy Irons and Hand of FateP.S: You lose"
,Recommended,266510,15509096,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Optimus Christ,"I love board games.  My wife and I have enjoyed countless hours of Mage Knight, Eldritch Horror, Fortune and Glory, Firefly, Small World, and many many others.  Hand of Fate gives me the same sense of discovery and that magical perfect mix of skill versus chance that my favorite style of board games gives."
76561197990873331,Recommended,266510,15510793,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Bene,"Card-based, DnD like Game with battles playing out in realtime ""Arkham"" style brawling.You can influence the different encounters and possible equipment you can get by building your deck.Mysterious, sinister Dealer playing your opponent, sabotaging and helping you at the same time while delivering interesting stories or helpful advice at times and threats at others -> Excellent voice-acting.Beautiful, dark art design with a lot of lore and mini-stories told through different encounters.This is a very unique game, and I love it. Check out some gameplay footage and decide if this is your cup of tea."
,Recommended,266510,15511216,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,AntharSlayer,"This game has such a unique feeling to it, and the newly released expansions makes it a lot more replayable."
76561198074134801,Recommended,266510,15415095,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Nigel Hornberry,"A nice change to the deck building genre, sometimes the 3rd person action gets a little tedious as the only variety is really either a maze or fight, but all round its an interesting game and easy to loose hours to"
76561198092143812,Recommended,266510,15244364,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Dungeon Master,"This is my favorite game. I don't know why, but as hard as it is I keep coming back to it. And every victory I get no matter how small (or like today in which I beat 5 lava golems on a pirate ship) I still get the rush of feeling like a badass. 5 stars for this game and more thumbs ups than I can give!"
76561197993133732,Recommended,266510,15247255,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,kk10005,"Very original game. It brings together elements of card collection, board games, and rpg action fighting. I don't think there is another game on the market like it I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,266510,15272841,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Yashabo,This game is awesome. It is very unique. It's like playing an old school game of Dungeons and Dragons against a Dungeon master 1 on 1 but the dungeon master is a tarot reader lol. They when an action happens in the game you actually get to fight. The combat flows pretty good and the graphics are great for this style of game. Ive only played for an hour so far but I think it will be worth the 25 dollar price tag.
76561198000392646,Recommended,266510,16768130,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[sh8 m8] uZu,"Different and very good when in the right mood.Nice artwork, nice challenges. It's a different take of text based, old school RPG concepts and does so wonderfully."
,Recommended,266510,16768817,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ggab,"Really interesting blend of mechanics that has some implementation problems (I go into it in the spoiler senction). The roguelike aspect, the deckbuilding aspect, the choose-your-own-aventure aspect and the third person brawler aspect all blend toghether really well. Yes, the game is not the best one in any of these mechanics, so if you don't like the whole package you'll find a better experience elsewhere. Maybe Batman, Binding of Isaac or The Yawgh.Performance wise it's not a heavy game but, since all the cards are individual models and are manipulated several times by the Dealer, it might choke on a few points on lower end computers.This would be alongside my favorites if it wasn't for some (really bad) late game decisions.SPOILER SECTION....The final boss is a complete joke. I problably spent half of my gameplay hours on him. It ramps up the dificulty, but not in a good way. The dificulty of the final level is that it slowly chips away at your health and abilities with a curse at every stage and the inability to aquire blessings (this can be changed if you're lucky and has the proper cards).The final boss is a gauntlet of all previous bosses, separetad by enemy type. This woul be easy if the three plague bosses wheren't so OP. The king and the jack have a small window of vulnerabillity and they usually stunlock you and take a lot of health, the king specially. The problem is not defeat them, but to do so without loosing much health.Between matches with the previous bosses the Dealer unleashes some magical attacks and there's a QTE. The last one is my main death reason because it's really hard to dodge all of them. It can easilly hit you for 40+ hp and with your health already chipped away by all the previous bosses... you got the picture.The cheap way around it is to kill the game before dying. The game saves just before the fight for crash prevention purposes. That way you don't have to pass through all the maze again. Hell, if you're feeling particularly cheap you can do that every time  something bad happens to you so you arrive at the last battle in better condition."
,Recommended,266510,18259528,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Prism Lizard,The dealer hates you. RNG hates you. You'll love the game anyway.
76561197971327804,Recommended,266510,18333185,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,lonewolfie,"This game is a unique combination of card and action.Build your deck, play your hand, and then try and best your foes in combat.This game is perfect to play a few hands to wind down in the evening after work....or at least intend to play  just a few hands until you look at the clock realise you have spent hours playing and still want to play ""just one more"" hand."
,Recommended,266510,18333527,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,GameyAlexPlays,"This is a suprisingly fun game. I expected it to be a bit dull, but it has really kept up my intrest. It starts out pretty easy but gets very hard towards the end.It is kind like a card dungeon crawler game with real combat mixed in.If you are interested in seeing real play, please check out my blind playthrough on youtube:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLY7ri-49MY5n25vxyjQ_ZKw9pthbTTSV3"
,Recommended,266510,18327644,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Borunor,"Stupendo!! Ripetitivo all'inizio ma poi, quando sblocchi un po di carte diventa davvero bello ed appassionante!!"
76561198144612050,Recommended,266510,18404249,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Gradius,Brilliant.
76561198041697355,Recommended,266510,18282498,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,darius,"fun,fun,fun"
76561198000807394,Recommended,266510,18296170,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,notafan,yeah.
76561198065548571,Recommended,266510,18437184,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Insanity Shotgun,"This is a difficult little review to properly put down, but I enjoyed most of this game enough to want to recommend it, though with a little explanation of why you may also want to leave it be at the same time. I loved most of this game, but really just started to hate it near the end, and not for the reason the mocking narration would want me to.To talk about it's positive features, Hand of Fate can be very immersive with its vague storytelling, atmosphere and gameplay. It's mostly easy to just lean in and become engrossed in the voice acting, artwork, movement of the cards, etc etc. The combat sections that happen in between moving your token along the path of cards laid down are very simple for the most part, and a nice little bit of interaction that may have kept the game from getting too hands off, even if it is a weaker, if neccesary, part of the game.It's easy to just listen to the dealer speak through every draw of a card and outcome of an event, doing your simple obligatory counter-attack combat straight from the WB games. Quite enjoyable.However, it was around the halfway point the game started becoming very, very hateable, specifically on the Jack of Scales boss. While I had had a bad-ish run up to that point, I was still capable of fighting the boss...until the game started crashing, in the middle of every fight attempt. And it turned out, it was a glitch related to his tail slap manuever a few other people had had problems with. Now, had I had a good run I could have blitzed him with a powerful artefact and a weapon ability...But I hadn't had a good run, so I had to forfeit the game and start over, not because of difficulty or utter bad luck with my run, but because the game was crashing. That combined with a bit of the slightly mocking narration from the dealer? Ooh, rustled my jimmies abit, but I tried to keep going.But it just kind of went downhill from there. Lots of stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥would happen, like getting a card that requires you to move a certain number of spaces before a time limit takes half your health away, and having the destination just be beyond that time limits ability to reach. That has no strategy to it, no risk or reward. You just trade half your health for a probably underwhelming item that barely helps and you only knew you were doing that AFTER you couldn't go back. That's kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥.And then of course, the cards start glitching out and you have a bad fortune card drawn and stuck on your screen, it sticks through the loading into a shop and then you cant sell things to buy food because a card is hovering in front of that crap, and you have to quit out the game and come back in, only to die the next turn because you couldn't buy food or heal on the shop because you wasted your turn quitting out because of a glitch, and the next combat had you fighting 5 lava golems in an especially small arena.It's also worth mentioning my only ever encounter with the minotaur thus far resulted in a weird, awkward combat where he would charge around the arena, sliding off of pillars instead of impacting them, seeming basically impossible to hit, until he got stuck in a wall and his model started glitching out something awful.And the whole time anyways, The Dealer is making his smug little commentary on your bad fortune, and it feels more like he's mocking you for playing a buggy video game than for having bad luck in the game you are playing against him. Immersion breaks, you grit your teeth and try to keep playing because you want to see the outcomes to things...Obviously, that's a personal experience and it could not occur on someone else's playthrough...but still.Summarizing anyways, Hand of Fate can be alot of fun, can be very engrossing, but can also be very frustrating and some of the bugginess in the game, while minor, really, really can upset the experience. I do recommend the game, it's well priced for what you get, but think twice if you're not sure. Maybe wait for a sequel or another iteration of the game where the developers have perfected things.7/10, would reluctantly watch a minotaur warp in upon himself again."
76561198007722743,Recommended,266510,18379505,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ez2kill,Fantastic game.
,Recommended,266510,14664305,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,PeaceInk,That's really good game. I love it! I hope they upgrade well.. :)
,Recommended,266510,14665623,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Din,"Only game where -1- card can kill you in one hit....That I've played >w>10/10(Btw, having 10 curses beyond the 2nd row of bosses...is a baaaad idea. Just sayin' )"
76561197997008914,Recommended,266510,14539910,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Armanesti,"Wow, one of the most interesting styles of game I've ever played.  Well worth the money."
,Recommended,266510,14539995,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Zombieskittles,Hand of Fate combines elements of procedural death labyrinth games (Roguelikes) with those of a deckbuilding card game to create a roleplaying experience not quite like anything else I've played. It is immersive and combines decision based roleplaying with third person hack and slash gameplay.Definitely worth playing.
76561197979537904,Recommended,266510,14540154,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,EdgeTK,"it's simple, batman / assassins creed style combat in a game vs the devil, he shuffles the deck and you get to control what cards are in your side, he controls whats in his. some cards are for drawing (weapons, armor, items etc) some cards are bad encounters (special enemies, bad events, traps) some cards are good encounters (Shops, npcs, healers).The tile cards are placed face down and you choose your path, sometimes its totally open as you try to advance to the next level, sometimes it no choice in direction but its ALWAYS randomized. You move you use 1 food but heal 5 hp, you start with 100 hp though you can increase it, every move becomes a choice of do I explore and heal or progress to conserve food. Each card a potential encounter to help or hurt you, some levels are fights, some levels you explore, some levels you... well you'll see. It's simple, basic and wonderful. Very rougelike and as you play the dealer (devil) gets harder as you get stronger, you get better items to stack your draws with, but so does he, you get better armor, but he gets better enemies, you get better trinkets / artifacts (think pixel dungeon) but he gets to curse you. It's very nice and progressive and if / when you beat it, you can go for an endless mode for a true rogue like action fighter card game. Never played a game like this but happy I picked it up. It's 20% off right now, I've been following it through EA but this last patch  sold me on it. This is just a wonderful game, makes me wish I had gotten it sooner. Kudos to the Dev's."
,Recommended,266510,14540177,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,jssrfx,"What a unique experience; and I mean this in the most positive way possible. I usually get negatively surprised when I decide to try out a title that is not part of a series, style, or game type I know I'll enjoy. It's rare that it happens, but this time it is the exact opposite.I have often wondered what it would be like if you combined ""Magic the Gathering"", ""Dungeons & Dragons"", and some kind of ""Diablo"" based game. Looks like this it. The way medieval styled fantasy deck cards are combined with a very pleasant story narration, and action based dungeon crawl elements, is truly well done. Very well done. I cannot stress this enough.The game/cards/session is randomly generated, which technically makes the replay value pretty much infinite. This title is very atmospheric. The music is utterly great; it reminds me of folk tunes similar to what you would expect from artists such as Loreena McKennitt; it's soothing, but also thrilling at the same time. The narration is top notch. Truly a story teller, something that certainly is the ultimate game master. Wouldn't we all like to be able to shuffle cards like that?I wish the graphics were a little less cartoon-ish looking, but I also think that the 'polish' of the game is just right. It looks like an old board game has come alive, and shows you all the magic in beautiful effects. Playability wise, I think it works perfectly fine with mouse and keyboard. I don't have a controller, I don't like them, and I find it no better or worse to control than other games of the same kind.To me, this is a game with barely any shortcomings, except for the fact that I agree on the repetitiveness of some of the fighting sequences. That's a minor issue though, and is hugely outweighed by the rest of his marvelous experience.For an Indie game this is a true gem, and I wish some of the developers of AAA titles would take some notes in regards to originality. I'm from a generation that played games before the first 3Dfx cards came on the market; nice graphics are certainly awesome, but the narrative, presentation, immersion, atmosphere and originality outweigh any kind of shaders, ambient occlusion and anti-aliasing for sure."
,Recommended,266510,14540288,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,neowiz73,"it starts off easy but after the half way point it gets considerbly harder and each story has many more cards/elements to the story.  Randomly generated so each run seems rarely the same although some individual cards will be the same.   The combat is amazing and fun with good options/indicators for comboing hits and counters.  There is a fully extensive story mode with 16 individual stories along with the main story. then there is the endless mode for even more unending stories.lots of interesting gear choices that allow for stategic choices for fighting the main boss along with the various enemies you'll encounter.Overall, this is just an amazing game for strategy action RPG fans that like some crazy chance options that can either make or break you depending on your luck and ability to follow the cards."
76561198102204789,Recommended,266510,14540324,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Eiousx,I didn't know what to think of this game when I started it up.I love the choose your own adventure style of this game.While things might not be perfect I see what sparked my initial love of gaming.I can't wait to play more.
76561197979343769,Recommended,266510,14540390,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,CLS|MERC,very good ... get now ....
,Recommended,266510,14541137,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Ferox,gg
,Recommended,266510,14542138,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dr.ExaVolt,"Strangest genre I've ever played, but really cool."
,Recommended,266510,14542192,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Wintercatalyst,what even is this? 30 minutes in and i am loving itthis is the game for anyone who loves games in ♥♥♥♥ing general
,Recommended,266510,14542424,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,MzCosty,Adicting as hell
,Recommended,266510,14542758,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Enzocreed,"This game is fantastic, a nice mix of deckbuilding, choose your own adventure and fable/arkham style combat, the narration of the game is comes from the card dealer, a kind of forture teller character who you could refer to as your dungeon master for the game.Other reviewers have complained about the combat style, btu having played the game since it first came out on early access I can confidently say it feels Kinetic and viceral, while allowing the player to dodge and counter easily.  While the game might start out a bit easy the difficulty curve does start to ramp up as the game progresses.The Sound design is very nice, the music in particular lends a nice fantasy feel, and does a good job of lifting the player up and making them feel good about their victories, and as previously mentioned the narrator keeps the player engaged at all times, even coming out with different remarks based on your actions that keep you wanting to push on.The graphics are simple but look very pretty when turned up all the way, some of the small arenas may get repetitive at the start but once again the game does a good job of pacing itself, while adding new traps and environmental risks into the mix as play progresses.  The actual graphics style gives me flashbacks to the slightly cartoony aesthetic of the fable series.I have yet to finish the game, but I am over halfway through it and so far it has kept me well satisfied and the developer has already said they plan to add more content based on community suggestions and feedback.My only bit of dissapointment would be that there is no option for changing the look of the character, even a couple of presets would be nice, hopefully now that the game is out this may be added at a future date.In conclusion, Hand of Fate is fantastic, and if you have any quarms about paying the full near £20 for this game (which I think is a very reasonable price for a game of this quality and length) then stick it on your watch list and grab it as soon as it does, I love it!"
76561198016328617,Recommended,266510,14543890,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,[SALT] Shaker,Very unusual game style however it draws you in.
76561197996839339,Recommended,266510,14545336,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Chaos Control,"Extremely Creative. This game has truely been made outside the box. As a fan of card games (specifically deck-builders) this game has shown me just how fun this concept can be. Not quite a card game but yet not quite a true action game, This game lies somewhere in the middle. The graphics are charming and the music is perfect for the grim environment in which you play your last game for life and death. Each new game becomes deeper and more creative and makes it harder and harder to quit playing. The personality of the demon (not sure what else to call him) that you are playing against is extremely well made. His voice, animations, and scripts are all so well done. This is truely a great game to play and I hope this concept gets expanded on in the future. Hand of Fate shows that it can be done well. Easily worth the price tag!"
76561197969823836,Recommended,266510,14545580,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Scratch N' Sniff,"It's alright. The core gameplay is like a dumbed down Shadow of Mordor or Arkam Asylum.The guy talks too much (like when you're trying to read). The interface is generally slow and annoying, unlike FTL.But at the end of the day it's fun."
76561197983366520,Recommended,266510,14546029,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Jade Phoenix,"A game with an interesting concept, the attention to detail really brings the game together and creates an air of excitement and mystery."
,Recommended,266510,14546036,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dormammu,This game's concept is very intresting and unique but GODDAMN sometimes its repetitive and u die.alot
76561197979301534,Recommended,266510,14546188,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Reginald Derpington III,pray to your RNG goods because your♥♥♥♥♥is about to be out of food
,Recommended,266510,14688260,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Bisette,I can finally play tabletop DnD-esque games by myself...kinda.
76561198077892292,Recommended,266510,14694700,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Unenthusiastic_,"Performance: love this game, runs really well without having to alter the settings.Gameplay: Very origional, mixes a card based adventure game with an awesome third-person battle simulation."
76561198102967654,Recommended,266510,14694764,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Golod,"its not just a game its a masterpiece.im totaly in love with this game : )i cant fined any cons for now. maybe camera a little bit strange (as were written already).only thing i want now is play more... and ask devs not to quit on it. cause that game have so much much more potential. so many things can be add. please devs MORE MORE. its first time when i wouldn't hate DLC but would ask more. TAKE MY MONEY FOR FUTURE DLC : ))) just make them. more cards. more freedom in fights. make barrols in labirint breakable for random drop.And this narrator something special. he so charming, so interesting, so cool, so usefull... let him speak even more.thats it. i cant tipe anymore cause want to play mooooore : )Игра просто бомба. честно сомневался стоит ли покупать ее. но уж больно понравился концепт этой игры и все же взял. так вот не жалею не копейки. скажу юольше - заплатил бы еще. очень даюсь что будет игра развиваться, потому что она уже сейчас шедевр так и потенциал еще огромен. очень надеюсь что будут дополнения.все очень советую."
,Recommended,266510,14694929,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Gamling,I like the roplayfeeling of it all.
76561198032316300,Recommended,266510,14695634,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Joker,"So much fun, endless mode is extremely recommended once it is unlocked"
,Recommended,266510,14696147,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Schwifty Swisher,"This game is quite the adventure. Full of wonder and mystery as you play a boardgame/card game variant with a very ominous dealer. He commends you for your success but admonishes you the same when you fail. It's an interesting love hate relationship. The times where you land on a card and you get a new shiny weapon to use in some basic yet challenging ""Arkham"" style fighting with various enemies. Some people say that this is the weakest point of the game, but I still enjoy it nonetheless even though it does not have the same polish like Shadow of Mordor, or the Batman games. Building your deck is great fun and adds a lot of replay to the game. At 10 hours, I am at bottom and hardest tier of the game it does get challenging as you progress throughout the game.There is also an Endless Mode that you unlock which adds a great deal of endgame potential as you keep getting new cards from the story mode. Each time you play, there is a new adventure around the corner waiting for you. I've been waiting for a game like this for awhile."
76561197992179221,Recommended,266510,14696388,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Limond,"Hand of Fate is many thing. It is a collectible card game, a deck builder, a board game, an action RPG, and a roguelike. It features a bizarre combination of elements and manages to make an excellent game with what it has. The CCG aspect comes from exploring new cards and unlocking the tokens, which is done by completing a certain requirement for each. You collect your tokens and whether you win or lose, you get the prizes inside. Which happen to be equipment cards for your own deck, or more encounters to unlock more cards, or to help you journey through each level. You get to build two different decks in this game, one featuring all of the equipment you can get, from simple weapons and armor, to magical gear in the form of weapons, armor, rings, helms, and artefacts. The second deck you build is the encounters deck. It features all the cards that you can come across in the board game element. From a poorly disguisted goblin who only wants to help you, to a dangerous river crossing, to being captured by lizardmen, and much more. Each encounter card can play out in multiple ways. Giving blessings at one time, to curses at another. Filling your pockets with food and gold, or stripping it away. The board game has you choosing which way you want to go, unknown encounter cards lay ahead while you move one card at a time trying to find your way to the exit to eventually face the boss of the level. Hopefully aquiring the gear from your equipment deck along the way, or piling on curses and misfortune as your food and health are stripped away. Moving your piece on the board will always take one food. If you run out you begin to starve. The action RPG elements come into play when your encounter happens to be against a monster, drawn from a deck that only the dealer has access to. At the start of the battle all the pieces are placed, and the cards your gear resides on descend over your character to equip him. Battle begins, arguably the weakest aspect of the game, but easily looked over because of how well everything else is done. A simplistic Arkham combat is used here. Only one attack, a counter, and a roll. With access to a weapon power or artefact if you have either. Early in the game combat is good and quick. As you get to the later levels and with poor luck combat drags on, mostly turning into a roll fest while you dodge enemies and wait for an opening.If you survive all your encounters and make your way to the final boss of the level, either a Jack, Queen, or King then you win, opening all the new tokens that you have obtained for that run, the same happens if fate is not with you and you fall in battle. The tokens open to reveal new goodies, all of which you must see on the game board while playing to learn what they do.While each element that is in play here may not be the best done version, how all of them come together into a wonderful game. Excellent presentation from the art work and writing on the cards, to the dealers narration, to showing your progression in the room you are in by the slow burning of a candle, and destruction of the area around you. Having put 17 hours into my first time playing the game has only made me want to go back in and unlock more cards that I have not yet seen, and my head races with ideas that could be expanded upon hopefully in a sequel. Every time I start a new level it feels like a short game of Dungeons and Dragons is about to begin, making my way through an adventure, the cards deteremining how the story goes."
76561198069118478,Recommended,266510,14697414,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Large Power Attorney,"Game is good, and it's addicting like only a rogue-type can be. But it makes big demands on your computer for performance, which is odd considering how basic it looks and the relatively simple combat. It's crashed for me a few times and the loading screens for any shop or battle average about 15 seconds.So it can be fun, as long as you have deep patience."
76561198119310200,Recommended,266510,14697752,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,WardiBot,An easy game of the year nomination!
76561198052463623,Recommended,266510,14674490,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,c.catania95,"There  is nothing out there on steam you can compare this game with, it truely is unique and therefore everyone must give it a go, i've been playing for about 5-6 hours now and i am half way through the story mode which is brilliant, great dialogue, hundreds and hundreds of cards all with unique abilities and stories, it really is an amazing game in which you should defo give it a go before voicing an opinion."
,Recommended,266510,14675150,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Neorang3r,I fought my way through a bad handWill definitely deal again 10/10
76561197963703216,Recommended,266510,14677655,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Galm Whitemane,"An absolutely charming game. Roguelike real-time combat meets card game with an engaging campaign which may seem very easy at first, but soon enough ramps up the difficulty. You craft both your own deck and the dealer's and progress your collection through your interactions with the cards during play, unlocking new cards which are often thematic ""sequels"" of the card before it.New conditions apply each round and the dealer adds in fixed cards for each campaign step, making you re-think your decks and what you need. You know you'll get a curse every level? Add a ring to your deck that raises your damage for each curse you're suffering - an example of many.The dealer is your mysterious opponent, always with a quip ready for your struggles and he has you continually second-guess the nature of the game and he himself with droplets of exposition.While I haven't tried Endless mode, I likely will, just to unlock every last card. Campaign alone is certainly worth the price."
,Recommended,266510,14679738,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,carboncoffee,"The Dealer sounds like Jeremy Irons, and that makes the game a billion-times more awesome. His taunts are epic!"
,Recommended,266510,14680304,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,TaRRagoN,"AMAZING!!!!! At first glance it looks like a very odd type of game like dota 2 or mabey some other weird game but seriously... PLEASE.... Im telling you, this game is worth nearly 40 customer dollars and is at the price of only 24."
76561198046510624,Recommended,266510,14532826,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Nerio,"Best game I ever played in the last at least 4-5 years.And best Indie game, I ever played. Ever.Incredibly fun, deep and innovative. A pure gem of art.DefiantDev did an incredible job, I hope they will continue to expand this incredible game."
76561198154301807,Recommended,266510,14533088,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,renders,This is my dreamgame.I always wanted a card game where I can actually partake in combat...and the combat happens to be like in the Arkham games so I am happy
76561197978181938,Recommended,266510,14534068,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,76561197978181938,"Mixes cards and exciting random third person battles into something that's always entertaining. It's a unique blend of game modes and the result is something you quite haven't played before, yet being very familiar at the same time."
,Recommended,266510,14534741,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,<}RAT{> Dimebag,"I've played plenty of RPGs but never a deck building game. This was a first for me -- and it's awesome!We all know that procedurally generated RPGs are randomized hallways and rooms. This game brilliantly exposes that in the form of cards (representing rooms/encounters) that are dealt with each level. In this form, it actually makes sense for a group of bloodthirsty goblins to be lurking right next to an innocent trader.I have to admit that the combat is a bit weak. The ""slash-stun-block"" key mashing didn't work for me in games like Ryse, and the combat here seems even more watered down. Of course, there's LOOT! Loot makes everything better in the end. :-)I've only played the 1.0 release, and I'm looking forward to future updates. There's a lot of fun to be had in the current version, and there's a bunch of promise in its expansion.8/10 -- Recommended"
76561198025012278,Recommended,266510,14534837,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Irons,Just started playing but can see how great this is. Addictive with great replayability. Everything about this is smooth and immensely absorbing. Combat is fluid and the sense of tension with each card dealt is wonderful. Definitely buy this if you are looking for something different.
76561198029403239,Recommended,266510,14535012,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Goombazio,"So far this game is pretty entertaining. Really well made and clean. I am enjoying it so far. The only things I would like to see is a local co-op function of some kind and maybe the ability to customize the look of your character. Other than that, enjoying the game a lot!"
76561198012113592,Recommended,266510,14537253,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Wolfie,The RNG keeps the game interesting
76561197972699339,Recommended,266510,14537492,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sevorin,Amazing game. Worth every penny. Addictive.
76561198021885709,Recommended,266510,14555964,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Warspawn,"Wow, this game is fantastic. Simply love it. Wow. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,266510,14556128,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,backstreets back,It's Batman combat in a pack of cards.
,Recommended,266510,14556435,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,lukig,"This game is totally uniqe experience but not for everyone. Combat may be little too easy (especially in early story mode - I can undestand that, it's a some kind of tutorial after all) yet if you have bad luck, and during your playthough you won't bump into items to collect and you have to deal with enemies using simple shield, rusty axe and light armor - then it IS challenging.NOTICE: This game is all about the RNG. You need a lot of luck for clean run. Thanks to that sometime it's too easy, but it may be pretty challenging.Overall it's worth it's price. If you like ""card/board games feeling"" don't think twice this is game for You."
,Recommended,266510,14556823,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,valkymaera,"Absolutely solid indie rpg for the price. Tabletop RPG fans will feel at home. The mystical theme works well, and the ""Dealer"" is executed elegantly with his dark wit, personality, voice acting, and nuanced gestures.The gameplay consists of a set of cards dealt faced down on the table in a random path. These represent the ""level"". A figurine represents you on these cards, and you move across them in a direction of your choice, one card at a time, revealing them and resolving them as you land on them. They might be fights, traps, or story events, or some combination of the three. While doing this, you are balancing how much food you have left (it is lost every move), whether your gold is better spent on food, blessings, or equipment, whether it's worth it to explore further or look for a shop on the next level, etc. You are also engaged thematically with the style of the scene, and the banter of the Dealer, while making story decisions for the cards, or engaging in combat.Fights bring you into real-time combat using the gear your have found, in a freeform twitch / reaction combat style similar to the batman arkham series or Middle Earth: Shadows of Mordor. It is not perfect; the camera is a little rough and the animation and targeting can be slightly shaky, but it is still very good, especially for an indie game. I grew comfortable with it pretty quickly, and I haven't had any significant issues. I enjoy it, and I think it's the best form of combat for this game.One of the cards on the level is an exit to the next level, which will clear the table and draw a new map of cards. Depending on the mode of play, you are either descending to ultimately fight one of an impressive number of bosses (story mode), or descending indefinitely into ever-increasing difficulty (endless mode). Endless mode uses all cards that you have found. Story mode uses custom decks that you build ahead of time.The customization and collection aspect of this game really make it shine:As you play, you unlock cards that are added to your collection. You use this collection before each game to build 2 customized decks: Equipment, and encounters. Your equipment deck isn't what you start with, but instead represents all the items that you may find in shops, chests, and as combat rewards throughout the game. Your encounter deck represents the cards that make up a level. So you are putting together the pieces of your story. You are deciding what you'll run into, and what you'll find, with some other things added by the dealer. You unlock new cards to add to your collection as you go.From a developer perspective, these guys put a lot of care into this game. There are elements of conditional dialog, animations, and menus; things like the dealer saying something different or being aware of your stats, things like a menu screen that changes based on whether or not you've completed the tutorial level, and other things that may seem trivial, but took consideration, time, and effort to include, when really they didn't have to. Bigger games have been released with far less intelligent scripting.This has quickly become a personal favorite."
76561198102417708,Recommended,266510,14901472,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kartoshka,"awesome idea to put 3D action in a card gameif this were my mom's cooking,it would be a nice cooking"
76561197963126130,Recommended,266510,14929139,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,General Vyper,"An original idea that puts a fun spin on the rogue-like formula. Your story is told through cards randomly drawn from an encounter deck that you have put together. Defeat encounters to gain new equipment and more cards and challenge the storyteller's minions. The action combat is extremely easy at first but the difficulty eventually picks up, with the final stages a true challenge. As a session will typically take no more than 10-20 minutes it's a great pickup and play game. Absolutely love it."
,Recommended,266510,14834232,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Schweres Botogel,Awesome Game and it gets even better with more promised content!
,Recommended,266510,14840141,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Danny Branmuffins,"D&D meets MtG. If you hate RNG, stay away, otherwise, good fun for 10-15 hours."
76561198071574315,Recommended,266510,14874664,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mµrdercµte),This game is amazing. Its unique style and charming simplicity go a long way in keeping me addicted to this game. Definitely looking forward to more content for this. Anybody looking for a single-player experience that they can quickly jump into and pick up the basics should definitely give this a shot. Highly recommended.
76561198002521403,Recommended,266510,14876203,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,newman3000,"Its a grate game love the combet even though it does slow down a little bit but then picks back up.My problem is i can play the game for about 5 minutes be for every thing shuts down and im back at my desk top.Over all i would recommend the 20 bucks on it, i cant play it but maybe you can."
,Recommended,266510,14926119,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Lando,"Very unique and fun.  Fast based, but gets a little repetitive at times.7/10"
,Recommended,266510,14927823,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TinY,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,266510,14924752,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,DolFINN,It's simply a must for every card-game enthusiast out there. Fantastic atmosphere and solid gameplay/balance. 9/10 game. Would have been 10/10 if not for the horrible pc control optimization.
76561198041164155,Recommended,266510,14802808,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Eru Eless,LACKING MOTORCYCLES DON'T BUY!!!
,Recommended,266510,14803699,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Castigate,This game is ♥♥♥♥in dank m8
,Recommended,266510,14832043,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Jon Quixote,"It can be very difficult to describe this game or explain why you should play it.  The parts that make it up wouldn't necessarily seem like they could make a compelling, action packed game.  Yet, everything about Hand of Fate weaves into a magnificent tapestry of action, mystery, and adventure.  Do you like the old Choose Your Own Adventure or Lone Wolf books?  Do you like board games?  Do you like hack 'n' slash combat?  Do you like impeccable voice work that lends atmosphere and mystique to the game?  Do you like a challenge?  Answer yes to any of these questions and you are easily a candidate to enjoy this game.  The videos and photos do no justice to how great this game is.  You just have to take the word of over a thousand gamers.  Hand of Fate is definitely a game that is much greater than the sum of its parts."
,Recommended,266510,14795043,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,"-[SaD]- WoLFII ^^,","A very interesting cardgame i must say! I have never played one of these games before and i simply love it.I can ganartee you that you will like this game as well.One thing i think this game is lacking right now is multiplayer support, this would be an awesome game to play with/against your friends."
76561197974370538,Recommended,266510,14798834,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Sarah,"Kind of a clever cross between a dungeon crawler, D&D and a game of Magic. It's fun enough, though the combat is less than fully satisfying. The difficulty curve is kind of steep: it starts out ridiculously easy and then gets hard pretty fast later on.It uses red & green color-coded pop-ups, so it's not friendly to the nearly 10% of gamers who are colorblind. (When will people learn that red & green are the worst possible pair of colors?)"
76561197983672075,Recommended,266510,14818358,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,DaetherX,"Wow... Just... Enjoyable...Like a ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" book via cards being laid out mostly from a deck that you put together from ones you've earned. One deck for equipment, another for encounters that are placed for your token to move along, and as you do flip over to discover and challenge them, then in each boss/scenario selection the mysterious dealer (who has many well spoken lines of dialogue) adds a few of his own ""to keep things interesting"".Each scenario ends when you die or defeat the boss you selected.There is 3D brawler style combat that works well. Nothing to say about combat system except that it is competent. It gives moments of action to savor (or dread) in between the interesting artwork and event cards. It's simple, but works well, and is varied enough depending on the enemy mix and your current equipment.There is an ""Endless"" mode as well that is unlocked after defeating 2 or 3 bossess which gives this game a high replayability when combined with the decks building apect since one run with certain card selection will go differently than with another. Even with the same card selection, though, they will be different as equipment cards are randomly given via winning events or battles which are randomly selected and laid out for you to traverse."
,Recommended,266510,14852341,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mr.SoldBuY,"When I saw this, I thought it was going to be some kind of a Poker game.Buuuuut I was wrong, not saying I don't like the game, the game is awesome.The whole thing about it being chance based, but even with a bad beat you can still make it back into the game, you just gotta pick more fights then going for the chest.Pros:-Balanced.-No real Ending, so you can keep going and going with the game.-The chance based play stile.-gameplay-uniqueCons:-The fighting is kinda bad, but for a game which is 30-40% fighting, it's okay. ( I would say that, if you're going to buy this game for the fighting, don't, will not be worth it. )-You will Rage, really you will, I'm not kidding, will make you wanna smash ur computer, when you hit level 22 and suddenly hit a curse or a huge failure that kills you, or atleast makes you have a 10% chance of surviveing 3 walks.This is my first review. I need some more improveing on it. But I would like all the feedback possible on this :)Thank you for reading, and I hope you'll  have as much fun as I've had with the game :)"
,Recommended,266510,14730217,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Gatemoth,"There's a lot that seems antiquated or unpolished, but I found myself wanting to continue and complete the game.The dealer is a neat character, and the way the game is setup, through trading cards, adds an excellent storyline and backstory: the card drawn is a 2 of lava golems, so the player must fight 2 lava golems.  That's meant as praise to the intriguing minimalist game tableau rather than as lambastment.The combat is more engaging than it initially seems.  This is batman's combat without gadgets, without control of the camera, without special moves, and with movement that always feels erratic.  There is 1 attack, 1 shield bash, a batman-style autocounter, and a dodge.  The challenge of the combat is chaining long combos, which deal increasing per-blow damage and add a minigame to the simple action.  Continuing combo chains becomes difficult in the later levels with boss monsters, unblockable attacks, and constant projectiles interrupting player combos.  It's simple, but it keeps the attention.The graphics are wince worthy.  Blur effects are often more a nuisance than a graphical enhancement, and the in-combat graphics feel 10-years-ago. Annoying shop load times and card shuffle animations really emphasize that this was meant to be a text-based game.Overall, I've been wavering between thumbs up and thumbs down.  The game has so little, but I keep going back to try to collect more tokens and beat the last levels.  Thumbs up with reservations."
76561197990045164,Recommended,266510,12822808,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Umbra_Latro34,Not much to say about this game other than it's brilliant
76561198003437082,Recommended,266510,12299801,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Dan,One of the best card games I have ever played. It reminds me of dungeons and dragons a bit. Each scenario card reminds me of popular encounters that a dungeon master might throw at a player. The combat for each encounter is mostly hack and slash style.The game is deff a hard game to play. Not particularly easy especially at first until you get a better grasp of the strategy behind building your deck.Overall a very fun and addictively challenging game. I am very excited to see how it develops.
76561198044619825,Recommended,266510,12251799,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,mcmorris23,"This is a great game. I always enjoy card games like Rune Stone and Magic the Gathering, so I had to try this one. I was not dissapointed. This is a rather new and welcomed take on the genre, which allows the player to actually battle it out via characters rather than cards. Yet, the cards determine your equipment, abilities, health, and fortune. The game's difficulty progresses nicely as you learn and advance through the levels of play. I haven't found any major bugs or cons to the game yet, but I will update this review if I do. This looks to be a great addition to the Steam library.Update: (9/30/2014) One thing I hope they add to the game is an option to bypass the opening dealler scene at the beginning of each new level. This scene takes at least 1 minute and other than the new cards added to the deck it is just the same repetitive ritual over and over again. I find myself mashing my game pad in the hopes that one of my buttons will allow me to skip this scene and go straight to play."
76561198048631246,Recommended,266510,12295619,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,KmanHowitzer,"Only played this game for around a 2 hours now but enjoy it immensely. I can tell it's only going to get better with more difficult challenges as well as more cards to add to the decks. I have and will continue to suggest this game to my friends.Here's a video I did on the game, I'm trying to go for more review styled videos so this being my first may be a bit rough, but I definitely give this game a great review.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoVwaG7jZ-E&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,266510,12162367,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,tommysticks,"This game is ♥♥♥♥in cool.Similar to Fable, one of my favorite games."
76561198050966821,Recommended,266510,12167895,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Zillionaire,"Absolute top notch narrative, high replayability, a great balance of luck and skill, excellent graphics and settings to allow for maximum playability on a slew of systems with specs high or low, great ambience and music, and an enjoyable combat system.  If you're on the fence about whether or not to purchase this, let me help you out by giving a you a hefty push onto the side ""Buy It!""."
,Recommended,266510,12210835,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,potato of heat,"Cool concept, something between a card game and a batman-arkhamX style fighting game. It's really fun and the Linux performance has been great in the last few updates. There's a great video on giant bomb about this game. It's a little dated now graphics wise, but it gives a good impression of the card game/action game mix."
,Recommended,266510,12377828,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Kanonier_Zero,"Really fun and has lots of potential, hopefully they keep polishing and tweaking."
,Recommended,266510,12877668,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Lexzion,"Incredibly fun and addictive game.A actionpacked-RPG-cardgame with 3D Battles and dungeons.Much depending on luck (fate, lol) to complete each level.Very clever way of making a new type of gameWould recomend, even if its still Eary Access.I see lots of potential in this game.7.5/10 - Multiplayer would have been awesome."
76561198065464347,Recommended,266510,12983862,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,TheRakishSage,"While I've been patient with playing through Hand of Fate, it's been an enjoyable experience every time I've sat down for a run, successful or not.  Whether one succeeds or not, the experience has been rewarding to me and I find myself looking forward to the next opportunity to sit down.For a more comprehensive look at my thoughts - know that you are aggressively encouraged to check out my video atThe Youtubes."
76561198095985841,Recommended,266510,12870151,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ARSFACE,Best game ever. For one simple honest to god fact. It's DIFFERENT.
76561197992772013,Recommended,266510,12947338,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ArtSchool,"Provided that the game is still in early access, I must say I am really enjoying it.  It blends card/RPG games with action in a very original way that's very addictive.  The developers are very active and responsive in the community, and the product has seen many improvements so far.  I am looking forward to new features and additions prior to the game's release (scheduled for early 2015).Still needs a bit of balancing / polishing, but all in all I think this is one of the few times in which i do not regret paying  for an early access game.9/10"
76561198077471434,Recommended,266510,12946926,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,j.eller1011,"Really cool concept, and fun to play.  If it only gets better then I think we might have an amazing game on our hands. If you like a bit of the random and you don't mind easy, but visually satisfying, combat then I say go for it."
,Recommended,266510,12826271,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Zapa,"Gotta get to the stairs, gotta get to the stair.... WHY YOU STEAL MY FOOD? G'damn it old man! Here, eat my gold, give me a stick!8/10, would hand my fate again."
76561198052315988,Recommended,266510,12912651,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,tinman102998,"Great concept for a game.  Enjoy playing it very much.  Frustrating sometimes to try and get all the tokes, but keeps me going back to try again.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,266510,14709424,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Chrisbot Mathbot,"this game is an amazing and rare breed and must be tried by card and board game lovers everywhere.everything from the fact that you can choose which encounter you want to the condescending and sarcastic remarks by the dealer makes it feel authentic.the game does not let up on the different and difficult cards and choices you'll have to make.Do u want to feed a hungry man even though you only have a bit of food left? Do you feel like returning the sword and shield of a dead man for his funeral or would rather keep it? all these is what keeps you invested in this game in the long run.although the combat section is boring and pretty simple, they're short and dont take up much of your time.Again, this game is a must buy for lovers of board and card games and i heavily recommend it."
76561197983200595,Recommended,266510,14710052,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,mlv1055,"Ironically, with as much fun as I'm having playing this game, one of my favorites things about it has nothing to do with cards or battle.  The dealer is a crucial part of the game, with the only spoken dialogue, and the developers did us the favor of hiring a good voice actor to read the part.  We've all suffered through hours of awful voice acting, and it can be painful after a while.  Sure, the dealer here repeats the same lines from game to game, but at least it doesn't sound like they got one of their buddies to read the part.  It shows how well-done this game is.  Highly recommended."
76561198023300019,Recommended,266510,14710376,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Lotherien,"I like fantasy, I'm an huge fan of Dragon Age and Neverwinter Knights series, I love DnD.This game is the proof that you don't need stunning graphics or an epic story to create a wonderful product. The game system is brilliant, the dialogs are very nice and the overal gaming experience is superbe.You play as an unknown traveler, who meets a wizard which conducts a game of fate using cards. Each game has a ""final boss"" and you must ""travel"" into a path made by cards. Each card you reveal may be a combat encounter, a merchant, a mistery, and so on... Once you reveal the card with the boss you acquire new cards and another game is unlocked with a new boss.I found the combat system very intuitive (somewhat similar to Batman Arkham) and easy to use with a controller."
76561198073236550,Recommended,266510,14712655,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Genesius,"This game, in a word, is amazing. I can spend hours at a time playing this without getting bored, there's always something new to discover! The Dealer alone is a fantastically well built character. He is always trying to put you off guard, and when he says he is going to make things tougher for you, you had better take it seriously. The Story Mode has plenty to offer, with a WHOLE bunch of bosses to work towards. I like to think of this game as a mix of D&D and Magic: The Gathering.The art, even on medium settings as I play, is really cool, the sceneries are well designed. The voice acting of the Dealer is really really good too, always making you question your next move and your strategy.  It's not all about the cards, you actually get to control the character you are building when you get into combat situations (which happens pretty often).The one feature I enjoy most is how your stats are maintained. I like how even when you are at the table going through the maze of cards on your quest, when you get in and out of combat situations your health, gold, and food are still affected the way they were in combat.There's too many awesome features that were implemented in the game to talk about in a single review without it being as long as this one is already. If you are even remotely interested in this game, BUY IT, the developers who came up with this game are one of the very few developers who actually care about their game!!!"
76561198049930974,Recommended,266510,14713460,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Bambi,"Hand of fate is like that unfair GM from your college days that kept throwing your heroes into ambushes. Only this is decided by cards now. The game itself is awesome as can be, the music is lovely, the style is amazeballs. My only gripe with this game is the current limited amount of cards. It seems like a very same-y experience, because you keep running into the same type of cards. Which is fine - the game is still lovely. But more variation would put it fully into a league of it's own.tl;dr GM from college days made a game that trolls you with cards. None of them trap cards."
76561198122277563,Recommended,266510,14781586,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,markzwick99,"Awesome game, but the combat is a little wonky. When I click like four times then dodge, my character goes through all four swings then dodges, usually ending in me getting hit. I think this game would benefit greatly from immediate reaction, so if I click four times, but after two swing I need to dodge, I should be able to overwrite the last two clicks and dodge instantly. This might just be operator error but I know when I play hack and slash games I mash the hell out of the click button."
76561198006968563,Recommended,266510,14784113,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ripthruster,So far...only about a half hour in but already know how much this game is going to succeed.  Highly original gameplay combining a deckbuilder and action combat with a bit of luck as well.
76561198069084661,Recommended,266510,15463183,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,sodevlish,"Quite an enjoyable game for both deckbuilding fans and non-deckbuilding fans, lengthy replayability. Just fun across the board."
76561198055202938,Recommended,266510,15714963,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Dude,AWESOME AND VERY CREATIVE GAME
,Recommended,266510,15606454,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,GraveError,Well ain't that a clever little game right here. A super fun rogue-like with a fascinating twist. LOVE it.
,Recommended,266510,11888811,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,constantinople,"so. this game has a cool premise, pretty much as advertised. the dealer lays out a dungeon, made from seperate encounters, each represented by a card. these encounters are either just text decisions like ""give peasant half or all of your food"" and you have to guess, being either rewarded or punished afterwards. this card-dungeon is rogue-lite-challenging, meaning you can just starve because of plain bad luck with your draw and event choices. the other encounters, Id say about sixty percent - are the action rpg part of the game.the combat system is the weakest link in the chain still, and every single type of ranged enemy still has the potential to make me ragequit - but itll have you on your toes at least...in my opinion, the dealer animations in between cards are too long and unskippable. a lot of events determine their outcome by having you draw from four cards, say success/success/failure/huge failure. itll then show you these four, flip them, shuffle them TWICE (!), spread them out, pause a split second more just to annoy you further - and THEN you can draw one of the four. which youll do every thirty seconds. similar stuff goes for other animations, say the laying out of the dungeon in the beginning.besides from these problems, and early-access-issues like say, lack of sounds, the game is cool. the mix is a cool idea, and you can build your dungeon event AND equipment decks in between dungeons, that determine what stuff you might face off against, get benefited by, or loot."
,Recommended,266510,14571394,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Jeebus Crust,"Absolutely fantastic so far, I was completely surprised by how well designed this game is. The combat is satisfying, the cards are rewarding yet dangerous (in a good way), there's tons of loot to choose from, the graphics fit this game perfectly, and the stories you run into from the cards is incredibly enticing. I'm currently nearing the half-way point of the story mode and have yet to dive into the endless game mode. So far this was definitely worth the $19.99 price tag, if you haven't picked it up. It's a must play!"
,Recommended,266510,14571625,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Darder,"I have seen my share of games, but none like this gem right here.Orginal, pretty to look at, but the gameplay... Oh the gameplay is so damn good!Finally a card game comes to life. You have doubts about this game? Try it. Just give it one try. I was skeptical at first as well, but wow this game draws you in and then you can't stop. It's very polished, with a lot of attention to small details. But overall, it makes it the perfect example of a successful early access release.I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,266510,14571739,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Xephael,"I've only played the game for a little over an hour, and I already know I can highly recommend it. The game has a very simple concept; you create two decks of cards, one of equipment and one of encounters. As you play you unlock new cards that you can add to your decks, but there's a catch. You wont know what a specific card does until you encounter it in the game for the first time. The dealer also has his own deck that will also be enhanced as you collect more cards for yours.Something that some will consider a downside is that the combat is fairly simplistic. You can have some abilities in the form of artifact cards or special equipment, but for the most part combat consists of basic attacking and countering with a shield. The combat still manages to be intense and extremely satisfying when you win despite, and perhaps due to, it's simplicity.Overall I would recommend the game wholeheartedly to anyone looking for a fun and satisfying adventure.9.75/10"
,Recommended,266510,14572554,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Darthus,"This game is hard to describe, but that's because the structure is so fresh and original. The experience is like playing one of those great fantasy board story board games like Hero's Quest. I think when most people hear it's a card or deckbuilding game they think Magic or Hearthstone, but it's much more akin to a tile based RPG where you move around a board having little narrated story encounters, which sometimes drop down into 3D action combat. It just happens to be that the ""board"" you're playing on, the monsters you encounter and the gear you gain, are drawn from decks of cards that you can configure (or let the game choose) beforehand. Really what makes this game sing though is the presentation. The wonderful moody thematic voice-over of the wizard you are playing against, where he comments on every card and action thematically, the awesome art of the cards, the general graphical polish makes it feel like playing a real fantasy RPG card game come to life. The combat is... workman-like and servicable, but it's honestly only a portion of the overall experience. Highly recommended and I hope that DLC comes to expand it as this is an amazing structure for a game."
,Recommended,266510,14572645,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Noesanity,"Binding of Issac made love to a 3rd person action combat game and gave birth to a deck building super child.    Looks great, feels pretty good, and outside of a few ""trial and error"" situations, is definatly the best single player experiance I've had in months."
,Recommended,266510,14572816,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dice-Crow,"At the time of writing I've played this game for under two hours, but already I can see myself playing this game for many many more. For starters its a simple but well designed game, a mixture of card collecting and third person hack and slash gameplay, with some random choices and customization for items. You get cards to build a deck and that is then shuffleded along with the layout of events placed along for you to traverse by picking a direction and going there. Different cards can be weapons and items, or monsters and events that can give you bonuses or negatives. The combat does feel weak at times but at other times really satisfying or even stressful. My personal rating is to buy this game if anything stated above sounds good to you."
,Recommended,266510,14686619,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,stagemasterk,"One of the best games I've ever played. The ministories are super compeling, there is colection and the combat doesn't get too repetitive. A wider variaty of bad guys would be nice, god i hope there's an expansion coming."
,Recommended,266510,14917286,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,The Dumb Leviun,"I know I don't have many hours into this game, but I can certainly recommend it! Love the gameplay,it distracts you from the fact that the fighting can get a little repetitive.Just remember, food>gold... Just saying...Cheers!"
,Recommended,266510,14918652,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,NolanCrispus,Was pretty good actually :)
76561197994774282,Recommended,266510,15070455,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Neoman,"A game that oozes charm and atmosphere. Well worth the asking price.The deck mechanics combined with the combat of the Arkham games help this title stay fresh and not get boring. While you will admittedly end up going through the same cards, such is the nature of the beast, it never feels bland. The game encourages you to keep trying new cards for their tokens. If you are having trouble, chances are you should go back to earlier levels with new cards. Or give Endless Mode a spin. The game is nice enough to let you progress even if you die; any tokens you get will still unlock their cards, so you are never completely stuck.As for the difficulty spike, it's there. I cleared all of the bosses, including the last one, on my first try but I understand why people have a tough time with them. The best advice I can give you is to complete the entire quest chain that starts with ""The Crucible"". This will unlock a powerful encounter card which will make things A LOT easier. Good luck, and may Fate deal you a winning Hand."
76561198057252642,Recommended,266510,15057736,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,toadal,"This game is fantastic, it is so addictive, just one more card syndrome. the combat is easy to pick up, works great with mouse and keyboard or controller, but is diffilcult enough to master. The best thing about this game is the balance, just when you feel powerful it will throw an obstacle at you that completely undoes all your progress, but recovering is certainly possible, it just takes wits."
,Recommended,266510,15060765,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,White21wolf,"I actually love this game, I brought it and Streamed it on Twitch, Everyone loves watching this game, the options and the choices that allow the viewers of my channel to feel like they are int he game, included with the possiblity of gaining/losing points of their actions, brings a whole new game experience for my viewers. I personally, love playing this game, even if sometimes it gets frustrating with the last row of bosses.I highly recommend this game to everyone who wants an adventure that includes cards, battles, rpg elements and a whole sense of the unknown."
76561198029904609,Recommended,266510,14951559,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,bear_storm,A surprisingly intimate game about grinding a man's hopes to dust before his eyes.
76561197972345823,Recommended,266510,15085722,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,maltert,"Very fun and addicting game. At first I wasn't sure how I liked the combat system, but it grew on me quickly."
76561197967861903,Recommended,266510,15027509,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Woodztock,"I would definitely recommend it for an 8-12 hour change of pace, depending on some skill and luck of the draw! :)I really enjoyed it for what it is!   The last short, change of pace game I really enjoyed was “Papers, Please!”  Totally different game, but similar in that, if you buy it expecting the next epic game, you're going to put 300hrs into, you will be disappointed.It is both a card game (that can be frustrating) and 3D fighter that progressively gets harder (you have to adjust and learn different game mechanics for levels and different bosses).I will usually watch some live stream's to see if a game is something I may be interested in and purchase after getting a feel for it.  Suggest you do the same, cheers!"
,Recommended,266510,15023979,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Jerot,"The random encounter element leads to some interesting scenarios, its fun to go through and try to unlock more stuff. The combat starts really slow, but speeds up as you progress through the story, in the end its not super compelling, and at times can be a bit grindy, especially on runs where you have bad luck with weapons. But ultimately it didn't detract from my enjoyment of the game, and at times it can feel really badass to zip from enemy to enemy countering and deflecting ranged attacks while building up a massive combo.It is definitely a unique take on deckbuilding, as you have to balance risk and reward, you can hand-tailor the difficulty by including more challenging/risky encounters to make the game even more intresting. I feel like $25 is a fair price if a bit on the high end of what I personally think the game is worth, if the game is currently on sale, I would definitely recommend buying it.At the time of review, I've spent about 11 hours with the game, beaten the story mode to completion including the final boss which was a very interesting and challenging encounter, you're in for a treat. But there is still plenty left to do, I have only unlocked about 80% of the available cards and every journey into endless mode has been very different. Sometimes the deck is generous and I can spend several floors feeling like a god, and others I'm smited down immediately by seemingly insurmountable odds, but either way, it can be a single encounter that changes the course of the game, it keeps it very engaging."
76561197969718615,Recommended,266510,14596308,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,joepez,"I don't write a lot of reviews, but this is a good game and warrants one. It's one of the better indies I've played recently with a lot more depth and fun than it seems to posses at first glance. The story is interesting with you playing against a rival for some unknown treasure; the skill ramp is slow, which gives you time to learnt he mechanics; and the gameplay is extremely varied.There's a nice mix of ranomness, luck, and skill to each play session. Combat is twitch based, though not overally aggressive; the deck building is fun; and the overall story is interesting. I especially like how cards can have stories that unlock additional cards as you succeed at their demands.The animations can be a little jerky in some spots and there's a few odd bugs (ex: change categories in a story, right click and then hit ESC (thinking it will close the window) and your cursor disppears. For those that his this, simply alt-tab and then alt-tab back to the game and your cursor will come back).I'd recommend this game anyone getting tired of the rouge-clones that are popping up and looking for something fun and engaging."
,Recommended,266510,14597048,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,JRSVaultBoy1974,"I'm very into deck building card games at the moment so there was a lot of appeal going in for Hand of Fate.  The price is also reasonable so I figured I'd give it a try.I've played through the first three bosses and I have to say I really like Hand of Fate.  There's something very exciting about it.  Let me walk you through the game play.  You and your mysterious opponent both have several decks of cards to choose from (that you can customize after the first run through the dungeon).  These cards represent the journey you'll take to get to the boss.  They also hold encounters and equipment you can gain to upgrade you hero.  You hero starts with basic equipment (a sword and light armor), 100 hit points, and some food.  The stranger places the cards on the table to represent the path to the boss.Then you'll move from card to card dealing with whatever you find there.  Sometimes it's a peaceful ecounter with a friendly merchant, sometimes it's a trap, other times it's an encounter with a powerful demon.  You hero must deal with each card and continue along until they get to and defeat the boss enemy.  When it comes time to battle you zoom into a battle ground and you see your cards turn into your hero complete with all of the equipment you've found to this point.  Then you fight whatever was on the card you drew.  It's a lot of fun.The thing that probably makes this game for me is the dialog of the mysterious stranger and the music.  It really sets the tone and atmosphere of the game.If you like rpgs, choose your own adventures, deck building, or adventure games you may find something to like here.  I would definitely recommend this title."
76561198027208367,Recommended,266510,14597965,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,pbg82,Very fun almost casual game. Pretty addictive in the short run.
,Recommended,266510,14598186,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,wilsonrtf,"This game is freaking amazing. It's atmosphere is simply wondrous. And, for me, the best thing is that even if you have only 15-20 minutes to play you can still have a great time with it."
,Recommended,266510,14598329,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MrsKayRansom,"To avoid being repetative I will say it's a great game, and not go into further detail. The only problems are that you will encounter some bugs, and some of these bugs can make your saved games unplayable. It's not a huge deal since you can just restart at the begining of the level, either with a forfit or suicide, but it's just... frustrating. I wouldn't let this stop you from buying the game, just fair warning."
76561198008466385,Recommended,266510,14598528,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TV's Russ,"A harken back to choose your own adventure books, some risk, and skill and mish mashed into one with a sardonic narrator whom is your ally and enemy all wrapped into one?  Yes please :D"
76561197995698788,Recommended,266510,14598800,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Theoneisis,A great fun game that you can play for twenty minutes at a time. I've enjoyed it very much so far.
76561197973064382,Recommended,266510,14599036,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ember,"Very unique and fun game.  It is what I would call a 'roguelike deckbuilding action-rpg', and it feels very well done."
,Recommended,266510,14599210,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,IceBloodedZero,Absolutely was not expecting a grandeur of a card game.Definitely is enjoyable and challenging and hope the success of the game leads to a greater sequel with multiplayer.. I think the developers are definitely onto something with this little gem.
,Recommended,266510,14599582,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,✔️Horse ebooks,Cool game.  Very entertaining.
76561198021705009,Recommended,266510,14599660,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Tihari,intersting. get on sale not worth more than 20usd
,Recommended,266510,14599744,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lord King,"Amazing game. It plays great with a keyboard and mouse, the combat is pretty smooth and not as clunky as everyone is complaining about. Pretty intriguing premise and story."
76561198011062103,Recommended,266510,14600520,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,metalmankam,"Not at all what i was expecting it to be, TONS of fun!! I find it hard to stop playing it! Always exciting to see what kind of new cards i can find!"
,Recommended,266510,14600573,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Curator of Filth,"Best game I have played in a while. A nice shinning beacon, in the recent dark and gloomy boring-ness that is the video game industry."
,Recommended,266510,14600642,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Bit31,"2.5 hours in, looks like a lot of replay value in an awesome game."
,Recommended,266510,14601085,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ipapotihus,"8/10Pro:I like the tabletop feeling.The combat could use some polish, but overall its fun and its not a pain to do. (unless you got two high monster card.. then you must be really good and have some nice equipement to have some chance).The benediction and malediction, can change the game and its cool.The unlocking of the card are interresting and Its great to follow each stories.Wish:If its possible to turn the next one in a co-op game, would be really cool.Choice of character would be cool. Not different start build, just different Skin.More feedback on difficulty of a level. Depending where you encounter a event, The success and failing chance change without you knowing it before hand. Its doesn't help my decision making process.Con:Not enough Feedback. Especialy in combat. Wich enemy is near death ? Do they hurt each other sometime ?I am always looking at my caracther so I too often don't see the damage a receive. Also Would like to see the damage I deal. At least some long term effect on the NMELot of missClick. Often I click one too many time and choose the first option without seeing it.Sometime the ''load time'' of certain action are really long. I hate to go the vendor.... Too much time spent for a couple of ration.Feel too much that my decision are not that important in the event, because at the end I will always flip the penny.Now I always choose the same card, because its doesn't change anything wich one I pick. I can't follow the card so its like I'm rolling a D4.Overall :This is a good game and the next one could be even better."
76561198052399118,Recommended,266510,14601205,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dwarfjuggler,"One of the best Unity engine games I have played to date, a mashup of FTL/Roguelike random encounters but tempered by letting you scope those with your deckbuilding.  I will eb sinking entirely too many hours into this one."
76561198030978104,Recommended,266510,14601285,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Tylermcd93,"First and foremost I absolutely love this game for so many reasons. I can sometimes steer clear of card game video games because they can be very lackluster for me. So at first I was hesitant in getting this game. However that was until I watched a gameplay video on Youtube of this game. I then realized how wrong I was and what I was missing out. I was missing out on such a unique take on card games. This has little to do with strategy like most card games but is more about choosing your own adventure. Each game in the story mode takes about 20 or so minutes to go through so it's very easy to manage your time with this game. I've seen people complain about RNG in this game however it's honestly not that big of a deal. RNG only happens with card draws, room layouts, and success chances on certain encounters. The combat is a feature that I really like about this game. The combat is hack and slash, dodge and counter type of combat which I think is really smart to put into a card game because it deter from the possible monotony that a lot of card games have. Every game is different and it has high replayability because of it and Endless Mode which is where you can try and go in a game for as long as you can until you die. A very good gem of a game that I regret not partaking in the Early Access stage of it's life. 10/10 will always play again."
,Recommended,266510,14601299,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,BIG8Tz,Unique and awesome.  The ambiance of the game is just worth it alone.  Definitely worth the $$$.
,Recommended,266510,14601352,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lark,An excellent game. While not as deep as a real strategy card game it is also not as slow or cumbersone and the mixture of arkyum style combat keeps it refreshing for longer plays (2+ hours).While the individual parts are not strong bringing it all together and adding the excellent narrative makes it a very good game. 8/10 in my book.
76561198210586616,Recommended,266510,14613708,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Oni_Onigiri,"I don't normally like card games, virtual or not, but this game is fascinating and fun. It's two-thirds card game, one-third ""brawler"" (third person fighting) with an ever-growing deck; each adventure is different and it keeps me coming back for more. It feels like a procedurally generated card version of a D&D dungeon crawl, and I love that."
76561198040329801,Recommended,266510,14613784,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Snuuf2145,Love this game its amazingly fun in both its difficulty and how you strategize your moves and actions!
,Recommended,266510,14614587,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Semtext,"Difficult to master, easy to learn, very intriguing. It's not really a card game, even though it pretends to be.Small sound bugs (narrator repeating something he said before the encounter started, at the beginning of an encounter), graphics being not as the'yre supposed to be (come on, if 65% of your game is a guy sitting at a table moving his arms across it, his robes shouldn't be clipping through the damn table!!) and sometimes irritating slow-motions when you desperately would like to dodge an attack......can't taint an overall great athmosphere and immense replayability at the reasonable price of around 20 Euros. And the campaign is damn hard. I keep dying more and more often as I progress, but I just pick it up and try again.That's how games are supposed to be, not like ""Oh, you lost two times? Let me teleport you to the end of the level and set the difficulty to stupidly easy!""9/10 (-1 for sound and graphics stuff described above) - would buy again."
76561198052280818,Recommended,266510,14615065,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Xomboy,"Imagine the Souls series (in terms of difficulty) with more narrative, less trudging around and more bosses (simpler boss mechanics, more trash mobs in boss fights). I dred drawing two 6 of (insert any mob) and a boss cardWhen I first started the game, I laughed at how easy the combat was. I thought ""I'm just going to cheese my way through this and be done in a few hours"". I was sorely mistaken! This game will punish you, punish you some more then punish you again for good measure.The best thing about this game is the randomomly generated playing fields. You can go from 100% n00b gear to 100% end game in 3 turns, if you're lucky! You could also make it to the final boss with all your n00b gear and have your max health reduced to 1/100.This game has a story mode and a ranked infinite play mode. Story is like the best tutorial ever made and infinite play mode will go forever until you concede or die. The best part of infinite is it is ranked, so you can have bragging rights and make your friends jealous!This isn't just for TCG fans! this game is fantastic and absolutely belongs in your library!"
76561198116787178,Recommended,266510,14616240,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ansededogs,This game is really interesting and has a lot of potential. I hope they continue to develop it into a trading collectible card game.
,Recommended,266510,14616993,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Trivius,One of the most interesting games concepts I've played in a while!
,Recommended,266510,14617180,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,-CML- Ogre,love this game so far . i find the combat to be a bit ez so far . and you should really decress the range on rolling when you have a slow curse ..just saying lol . really good game tho
,Recommended,266510,14602263,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Netilda74,"Very entertaining and very well executed!  At times, the controls feel a bit rigid, but for the most part, the game is everything I expected and more -- calling to my childhood imagination dealing with card games.   Absolutely engrossing, and incredibly rewarding to beat each challenge as it arises, against all odds.11/10 Would find something epic and die again."
76561198042456689,Recommended,266510,14602675,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Redrain,"This is a certainly intresting title for sure, but it didn't exactly catch all it's flaws before it was released onto steam.  Frankly the load times can be fine for awhile but then suddently take after some time in game effecting the combat along with overall enjoyment.  So maybe the team should have waited awhile longer before releaseing it to catch all the bugs, but in all I think the 20% discount should make you concider buying it after some study on the title long as your willing to deal with some bugs."
76561198022157665,Recommended,266510,14603123,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Hanley,This is one of the best games I've played in a very very long time! It's amazing and I highly recommend it!
76561198024946552,Recommended,266510,14603977,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Nein_Fear,"Honestly its nice too see new concepts entering the scene, especially when they are done so well. Really this games done really well, and I'm excited to see what this game will be when its done."
,Recommended,266510,14604382,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,g0b0,"Excellent game!  Haven't gotten deep into the deckbuilding aspect, but love the refreshing take on tabletop card games!"
76561197991482403,Recommended,266510,14554999,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,jonathanthebear,"Well Balanced good story and the Challange keeps building, would recommend for anyone RPG player."
,Recommended,266510,14555021,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ZexyMenace,"Unique, fun, and addictive. Those are 3 words that I just thought of. They may also describe a certain game that I am writing a review for. Stay tuned for more. Who let the dogs out?B+/10 would Baja Men again."
76561197993331980,Recommended,266510,14555045,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,The_Final_Horseman,It's kind of difficult to describe this game but the best way I know how to put it is that it's a bit of classic tabletop RPG mixed with a solid Arkham style combat mechanic and throw in a solid deck manager system sort of similar to something like Magic The Gathering. It's immersive and fun to say the least and for the price point you just can't beat it.
,Recommended,266510,14555374,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,CPA,"Best writing and voicing of an in-game character I can remember over my 30 years of gaming.  That alone gets the game a thumbs up.  Game mechanics, fun level, rpg-elements and deck building that matters is just icing on the cake."
,Recommended,266510,14350848,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ozzred,"This is a rare case where a game feels both unique and compelling.  The randomness of the card draws seems very fitting and well done.  The option to leave the game and return exactly where you left off is really nice.  Graphics and difficulty scaling are both excellent.  The game seems very easy at first, but scales quickly and becomes quite challenging."
76561198030693229,Recommended,266510,14341310,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,chadandbrandyjohnson,I highly recommend this game.  I love the art style and the action sequences.  Giving a progression system in gaining new cards is fun and keeps bringing you back for more.  Get this game.  Get it now!
76561198014698760,Recommended,266510,14300277,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Dr.GA,"Have only played a bit of this game so far, but from what I have seen it seems pretty solid.  It gambling surprise type of feel when on the table top card game potion and a pretty intense but easy to learn action combat portion when in PC mode.I would definitely recommend this game, and I haven't been into one player games for a long time."
76561198141730304,Recommended,266510,14327963,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,lancer.cid,"Saw this played on TangentGaming on twitch, looked pretty interesting. Figured I'd give it a try and have been suprised by how much I've enjoyed it. I definitely recommend this game, it's interesting and well made."
,Recommended,266510,14362883,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,RuneZ,"It's the perfect mix between rogue likes, beat em' ups and card games. I dont think I have a single complaint about this game. The card master is such a joy to listen to, the combat is so fun and the randomness of it all makes this game perfect. If you are a fan of the Batman games or old fashioned dungeon crawlers i'd reccommend this in a heart beat. This is by far one of the most immersive games I've ever played the only time the immersion is ever really broken is when the combat is loading alittle slow.BUY THIS GAME NOW! 10/10"
76561197998891378,Recommended,266510,14119697,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Cheshire,"You play a tabletop card game with (or better say - against) its creator, a mysterious man in hoodie - Dealer. He offers you to defeat twelve his most powerful servants. Then' you'll try a luck defeating the Dealer himself. Chalenge accepted!In some way, Hand of Fate feels like a mix of text quests and Jumanji, where unhurried quests with choice, contingent dice rolling and resource management intersects with fast fierce real-time slashing episodes.Before plunging into a travel after a head of Dealer's ugly servant you might manage two decks - Deck of Items and Deck of Events. First deck contains cards equipment that you eventually find during this travel, the second one defines quests. Every journey is made by bunch of good stories, so in Hand of Fate any road to the precious boss head is made by that quest cards. From gambling with demons to helping a couple in love to escape from the town, from dreaming on poppy field to passing dungeon full of traps, from speaking with drunk stranger in pub to praying in the middle of nowhere to gods (with equal chance to obtain either blessing or curse) - the variety of situations is amazing!And of course, sometimes the situation turns out that someone just wants to kill you. Bandits, robbers, pirates, ratment, more exotic creatures and other bad guys  make every effort to stop you from cutting out that damn boss head. So, when it's time to kick some♥♥♥♥♥ the game (just like in Jumanji) sucks you into a small, directed by the scenario of event, levels. All combat is based on an attack\counterattack mechanic, similar to last Batman games, Sleeping Dogs or Shadow of Mordor. You don't have to be a professional pianist for beating the enemies. Still, it's not as easy as it looks - combat might be a little tricky (especially when you haven't got a shield).Successful event passing not only makes you closer to an end of a travel but also unlocks new cards for you decks. And If new equipment expands your arsenal, events are more complex. Some quests may hold different scenarios, so you don't know what will happen next time when you'll get this card. For example, a sleepy man under the thee can be either a bleeding gaurd captain who asks you to find his enemy or a thief who will try to kill you for you goods.Also, some situations lie far beyond one event, and one card is only a part of some bigger story. For example, at first you've got a card, where you help a captain to get back his cursed team captured by some evil spirit. Then, after successfully finishing this quest, you'll get a new one, where that evil spirit will chase after you. Or you meet a group of druids who ask you to protect them during rituals. After thee different defense events you will see the end of this story in a separate card.I recommend Hand of Fate as a addictive randomly-generated game with satisfying shash mechanic, interesting events and enigmatic atmoshpere of everything that is happening."
,Recommended,266510,14111308,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tready,"What an incredible game! This is the most impressed I have been with a Steam Early Access title to date. I have never played anything quite like it. The closest thing I can think of to compare it to is the PC adaptation of the board game Talisman, but even that doesn't fully describe it.It feels a bit like playing an old school, pen and paper Dungeons and Dragons game. You are the adventurer with the dealer serving as the DM. And the dealer does a great job as DM! He is very well voice acted, his animations for dealing and setup are kind of mesmerizing, and his comments can be funny and/or taunting without being obnoxious. He really makes you want to play ""just one more hand"".Each game, the dealer arranges event cards in a pattern and your character's game piece progresses through them card by card. Each event is one of a wide range of things...shops, people in need of help, monsters, blessings, curses, traps, etc. Some events result in combat, where the game switches briefly to a third person, action RPG style battle with mechanics similar to Shadows of Mordor or the Batman Arkham series. As you successfully complete these events, you'll occasionally earn tokens from the DM. The tokens unlock even more event cards to be included in your deck on the next game.All in all, it's engaging, entertaining, and very hard to put down. I highly recommend Hand of Fate, and I'm excited to see its evolution through the Early Access process!"
76561197987703777,Recommended,266510,14115903,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,TomSelleck,I cannot stop palying this game.
76561198001584337,Recommended,266510,14503855,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jwier,"Not a bad blend of genres. I am only 6 battles in, but the difficulty seems about right and there seems to be some good depth."
,Recommended,266510,13311033,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,shock,"Excellent mix of rogue-like, (collectable) card game, and combo-based fighting. Hand of Fate does all of these things right and mashing them all together gives it depth and replayability."
,Recommended,266510,13303027,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,"poop, not blood","With most early access game you come into it expecting a buggy piece of software that, sure, maybe in a year or two will be worth coming back to and playing.  This breaks that mold in a fantastic manner, I'm surprised it is even considered early access.It is unique, fun, interesting - and I didn't run into any issues.  Money well spent."
76561198071571810,Recommended,266510,12406530,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,marc3113,No matter how many times i die of starvation or a cheap shot i cant help myself to play another round. Love this game!
,Recommended,266510,12408548,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Ezhik-iz-Tumana,"Very addictive, just like Fable - but as card game with elements of action! Must have!"
,Recommended,266510,14547009,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Twerkinator,"Probably one of the best blends of multiple genres there is. The game is, so far, incredibly fun and addictive with the Rouge-like mechanics, random encounters, card collecting, RPG loot system, choose your own adventure, and Table Top card game style. The combat, while fairly simple, resembles the Arkham style and it does it well. For the price I paid ($19.99 because of a sale), I highly recommend it, even at the base price of $24.99 or your regional equivalent.My only 2 gripes with the game are1. The fixed camera can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in some encounters, especially ones envolving quite a lot of enemies2. sometimes the game fails to register the correct direction I'm aiming when using ranged abilities. Though, I can forgive it seeing how you'll be using melee combat 90% of the time.These small blemishes can easily be fixed, so I do hope they are. Granted, I'm playing on a keyboard, and not a controller as recommened. However, fixing these issues could make keyboard perfectly viable (though it pretty much is already, in my opinion).I'd give this a solid 9/10 at the moment.my thoughts so far:High replayabilityUnique set-up with the mixing of genresFun and simple, yet challenging combatThe camera is a bit of a nuisance at times.While I don't have much time in the game thus far; I shall update my review accordingly and as with any game, I advise looking up more information about the game and make sure it's something you'd be interested in. I personally love it so far, but opinions may vary."
,Recommended,266510,14525910,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Zode,"I highly recommend this game. For being in Early Access, it is amazingly well-polished, with great voice acting, a fun art style, a TON of replayability and countless strategies to beat levels. A+"
,Recommended,266510,14525993,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,chooseareality,"Wonderful, really it is. It is like someone blended up a CCG with Batman and added some choose your own adventure. Only two hours in and I can see this easily being worth the purchase just based on the replayability from the first 6 boss dungeons and cards they unlocked.It works great, looks great, and doesn't feel at all like a small studio created it. I am impressed!One thing I will say it you really need a controller on this one. I struggled with my keyboard a bit when my old 360 controller kept disconnecting, but once I switched to a new controller the fighting content was playable again."
76561198061955363,Recommended,266510,14526024,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Null_Unit,Love this game! It's a new and original concept. Tarot meets Dungeons and Dragons. Instantly addicting. 10/10.
,Recommended,266510,14526085,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Danryuken,"Amazing game! I really loved the updates, I can't wait to see more content!"
76561198003333352,Recommended,266510,14526178,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Groove,I definetly think that this game is worth it's price tagged and more so. It offers a unique and enjoyable experience that you can easily pick up and put down for short or extended periods of time depending on your schedule. I would definetly recommend this title to anyone who enjoys a sporadic journey told by a deeply commited team of game developers.
,Recommended,266510,14526268,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rictus,Everything about this game is perfect.Play to win.Fear the Dealer.
,Recommended,266510,14526391,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,powerman1777,This is a nice change to dungeon crawlers and makes itself easy to get into. The only problem i have on this game is that there is no mutliplayer.
76561198027150793,Recommended,266510,14526512,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Horro,I do not write too many reviews for games as I feel I would rather just play them then sit here and tell others to do just that. However this game has inspired me to put the word out and add to the no doubt growing list of raving reviews. I honestly am amazed at how this game manages to take multiple game system templates and mash them together in what can only be described as an immersive fun game. worth the full price doubly worth the sale prices.
76561198034116120,Recommended,266510,14526960,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,The Hearshot Kid,"This game just takes the cakefor 20-25$ It is such a great game. I highly suggest it. It has a simple concept yet it takes it and runs with it. The game doesn't focus on doing to many things at once it takes it's clear defined goals and does it very well.  The only con I can really pinpoint is the lack of character selection or customization *as far as his physical traits*, though it doesn't detract from the experience at all. For a rogue-like the randomization is also extremely fair, when something fails, or random happens you don't feel like the game is spiting you, or that some crappy bs was just pulled. If you fail a card selection you won't blame the game, if you arent getting the supplies you need, it will because you didn't build your decks right.9/10"
76561197971849993,Recommended,266510,14527850,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dank Robat,It's fantastic
,Recommended,266510,14528171,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Scrav,"This one came as a surprise, I almost passed it by without having a look.  This is the first time I've felt compelled to write a review as well.A wonderful presentation with nice game mechanics.  I've always struggled a bit with immersion in the past with games that have a dungeon master, but this game was so inviting.  Even now, I feel like going back into the game.  The game has action based combat.  Some may be a bit disappointed that combat isn't turn based, but as someone who usually also prefers turn based games, I feel that the action based combat works in this games favour.  It doesn't make combat drag out and has an appropriate level of combat attrition for the average person."
,Recommended,266510,11277616,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,JimmyJangles,"This game has a very unique aesthetic that I personally really enjoy, table top games are personal love of mine. Game play focuses on you overcoming an enemy deck with your own crafted decks choosing what encounters you will find on your path and what rewards you will receive.  With an active combat system based on the batman series it keeps things fresh from the non-active story telling moments. A healthy amount of RNG to keep things fresh. Works sort of like a single player DND in some ways. Thing I love most is when entering combat how the cards actually physically appear and create your gear gives a very good vibe of connection between both parts of the game. The price point a strong plus, cannot wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,266510,11337381,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[TRG] Roy,"Be lucky, be lucky, be lucky..... *draws 6 mages* Well GG, I swear this deck is rigged because i always draw the cards i don't want........ ANOTHER ROUND DEALER, The house doesn't always win here!"
,Recommended,266510,13061603,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MadCow™,"This Game is really great its has a very fluid Fight machanic, along with a random card draw element that can either be really kind or screw you over horrible. so no one playthough will be the same, It kinda feels like a DnD game Dungeon crawl type game"
76561198125254167,Recommended,266510,13018041,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,lummisam,I like it.  It's interesting and well made.  It's a card based RPG game with arcade style action and a card adventure sort of gameplay.
76561198197208961,Recommended,266510,21049588,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Freeto,"Such a good game for such a low price, i was looking for a game that was kind of slowed down rpg and this was perfect for me. Im usually the one to feel that i waste money on games but this one I know I did not waste a cent on. Great looking game with a fun interaction. A mix of chance and skill makes in as frusterating as it is fun! I love it"
76561197997859672,Recommended,266510,21076157,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Isolater,If you don't own this - why not?  You should.
,Recommended,266510,21135551,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Shai182,Welll this is just Awesome!
76561198041310283,Recommended,266510,21113748,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Retired Man,"Not a long game, but it has a bunch of replayability. I beat the full game in 16/17 hours ($1.50 a hour is a steal for this fun.) but that is only the first play through. When they add new game plus to it it will be even more worth it. The DLC adds more story lines to the game and is well worth it.  (They have even released free DLC for this game.) It's RNG for layouts and that is what truely makes the game fun.  Pop over to Youtube, watch some people play it and judge yourself, but I say the game is worth the money."
76561198001965099,Recommended,266510,21115796,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SnowyGriffin,"Yes the combat is average, but I find it passable.  The rest of the game is full of great atmosphere and the dealer is quite entertaining.  By the time you get to the last few levels his dialog does get reused a bit to much.  It is also quite RNG heavy so if thats not your cup of tea I would pass.  However I recommend it especially if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,266510,21671964,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Danger1300,I've had this on my wishlist for months. Steam infromed me that it was on sale and I got it and the two available DLC's for right at $13. I've only played a few hours but there is a lot to be done in here and it is so much fun and has such a unique feel.Basically you're looking at a deck-building boardgame that revolves around choices you make and when you encounter enemies you fight them realtime. This is a MUST-PLAY!
76561197990859975,Recommended,266510,21670746,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Fukutaicho,Great addictive game. Innovative and clever. Higly recommended.
,Recommended,266510,21123056,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Spirits | MSYB!,"IN SUMMARYPro'sVery good voice actingMasterful presentationImportance of proper ""Deck""-BuildingInteresting world & loreCon'sRather dull fighting systemSmall level variety (in combat only)IN-DEPTHWhat it lacks in combat depth, Hand of Fate (HoF) certainly makes up in presentation.Don't be fooled by the cards on the table, essentially HoF is a dungeon crawler with perma-death and the cards just represent the the various rooms, like in Binding of Isaac for example. Content seems to be no problem, the developers are actively still working on the game, adding new content (for free & DLC) and fixing bugs. It is very atmospheric and manages to pull you into it's strange world, masterfully narrated by the card-dealer, who you are playing against.The only thing that could be made better would be the combat system, it strongly reminds me of the Batman Arkham games (Arkham-Combat), however due to money limitations, the devs couldn't afford the mo-cap equipment necessary to execute it well. The animations sometimes seem clunky, and the difficulty is simply determined by the number of enemies on screen, as they sometimes grow in numbers so much, you can't really counter the single hits or ranged attacks thrown at you anymore. However, the combat encounters are short enough to not make it stand out too much, so it's more of a small annoyance than a real problem.Additionally, since your rooms are technically cards, you have to build a deck full of encounters and weapons, all with different effects. This adds another layer of depth to the game, so choose your cards wisely!In the end, Hand of Fate is a masterfully presented rogue-lite, which makes you more interested in it's world and the people (or monsters) that live in it. Combat is dull but scarce enough to not make it stand out too much. If you played it to the end, no worries, there's an endless mode."
,Recommended,266510,23495403,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Soulcage,I recommend this game if you like gambling and card games. The battle is pretty repetitive at some points but still quite fun.
,Recommended,266510,23488886,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Linguistix,"I bought this game for its good reviews and interesting card gameplay and I was not disappointed. I love this game! I never write reviews for game but I felt this one really deserved it.Its set-up to be a very DnD styled game with your board and characters equipment decided by cards. You pick your own deck which is combined with the computers to not only help yourself, but conquer challanges and gain new cards. Despite being a deck-building, card based game, their is actual combat in this game! Its real-time, using the equipment youve gathered so far. Using a combination of powers, attack, doding and counterattacks during combat it feels like any other game.This game feels really masterful from the art to the narrator to the gameplay itself.Unlike a lot of games, the DLC in this case is worth it. In a game of choices and fate, more cards makes everything more fun.If I had to have a downside, its that this game is to short and theres only one choice of characters. >.<Needless to say the replayability of this game is vast as the board and your  decisions change everytime.I look forward to finding all of this games content."
,Recommended,266510,23492303,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dingus Fingus,"Amazing ""pick up game""!I play this game when I´m waiting for a download or passing time and it's great fun, reminds me of Sword and Glory (app), fun story tellling and really unique!"
,Recommended,266510,23111302,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Raistlain,An absolutely amazing game that deserves its great ratings. The game is rather clever and the procedural generation of each level allows for a great deal of variety and entertainment. Endless dungeon mode allows you to continue indefinitely across increasingly difficult levels using all the various cards you have unlocked thus far. I would highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,266510,23271007,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Gherontius,"A solo play adventure card game spruced up with a little extra narration, and action combat clearly inspired by games like the Batman Arkham games and Shadow of Mordor.Everytime you think you have the game figured out they trow some new curve at you with a wildly different quest, new game modifiers, curse, or a new type of action encounter."
,Recommended,266510,23529664,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Wildkard,"Engaging. Strategic. All little bit of luck. Action oriented sword play. This game has all the makings of a great experience. Build your deck and traverse your way across the lands, overcoming traps, ambushes, and finding treasure. Complete quests and unlock new cards. Meet strange creatures and befriend them or escape their wrath.I love everything about this game. The narration, the story telling, the pacing, the luck, the skill based deck building strategies, it is very engaging and fun to play.Unlike a lot of games I have played lately, there isn't a big skill curve to learning the game. You can literally start it up and jump right in, what would normally feel like a boring tutorial is more like an epic first battle, and the game scales excellently as you move up the ranks. You become more powerful and your foes become more formiddable as the game progresses. You owe it to yourself to play this game.(+10 points for constant free DLC released by the Devs. SUPPORT THIS KIND OF POLISHED GAME DEVELOPMENT!!)"
76561198075084892,Recommended,266510,17253636,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ZMB I Play2Win,"i have a problem, every time i get to the ""rock fall"" card, i cant activete it and so im stuck in the same level forever, i alredy tried to restard the game, restard steam, restard my computer, nothhig worked, is still an awesome game, but this bug kills all the fun in the level, because i cant progress anymore and im only at the third boss, so"
76561197965119969,Recommended,266510,23216579,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Warmonger,Amazing mix of different gameplay elements.They wrapped up an action combat layer inside of a RPG-style cardgame.I love it.
76561197989597242,Recommended,266510,23692987,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,bloodspot88,"This game is one-of-a-kind. Although I have spent tens of hours playing it, I have yet to beat it.The point of the game is to advance throughout a deck of cards, moving a token on the card and revealing challanges or events along the way. As you build your deck with better equipment and event cards, you have a higher penalty for higher rewards, making the game swing either way depending on how you improve while you play.The combat system is simple and works as a junior version of the batman combat system. It isn't really where the game shines, though it offers many difficulties on its own when multiple enemy types are fought in one combat session.The graphics for the dealer and cards are nice, but the combat graphics look plastered on. If you're anal retentive about everything in your game being beatufiul, move on.My overall point is this: If you like collecting things, you'll love this game. You have to replay scenarios over and over unless you're skilled at following the cards, and when you finally get the beast gear from all the tokens in the game you can beat it relatively easily. But if you don't like attempting the same checks over and over and don't want to spend higher than 10 hours into a game like this, you probably won't beat it as I find the best tokens in the game are extremely hard to obtain."
,Recommended,266510,23937310,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HyBridZ,"Great game, gets quite challenging towards the end."
76561198029828587,Recommended,266510,23794249,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Melancholic,"Brought this on sale for next to nothing and it was worth so much more. A game with a turn based (very light weights) card game mechanic, with moments of action provided by a kind of Witcher 3 combat mechanic - blocks and so on to chose from but really you can just keep rolling out of the way.Really enjoyable game"
76561197970323060,Recommended,266510,23894785,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Gpouliot,Great game
,Recommended,266510,24078464,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,JohnnyRamrod,"Yep. Good game. Fun. Fun card strategy game. Quick to pick up, quick to play a game or two. Good production values. I like it."
,Recommended,266510,24022297,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vexitus,"Hand of Fate is a card adventure/RPG game, in the beginning you choose a boss to fight through each tier of the game. The game is a linear, but random adventure based on the deck you build. As you move along the path of cards you will face challenges that will be random much like a tabletop game's dice you will select a card and there will be consequences for winning and losing such as winning gold/items, losing food, losing health, fighting enemies, earning blessings/curses, etc. As the game progresses your character will gain loot which will benefit him in combat. The combat feels like the Batman series games where you strike and coutner when the chances arises. When you reach the end of the path you fight the boss who has special abilities and sometimes cannot be blocked. Hand of Fate is very fun and random which can seriously make you think back on your previous choices. It is not without its problems though, the combat is relatively easy, there is really one character you play as, and you are really only limited to melee combat (though it makes since because of the size of the arenas. Still Hand of Fate's goods outweighs the bads and it does create some replability just for the fact that it is random and each time you move forward by defeating bosses you earn new cards to experience and play in previous levels. I will give this game a positive review and hopefully there will be some DLC in the future."
,Recommended,266510,23977071,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,El Yeti,"The game is really good, or at least to where I am, the core gameplay is really solid specially if you like the combat from games like the Batman series.It doesn't hold your hand and it kinda wants to make you understand how the game works, besides the obvious tutorial at the beginning of the game; kinda slow paced but it really works. The dungeon master (I suppose it is) is really a good character, it has only one personality and it's really good to have it because the game doesn't need that kind of complexity.For the price and the kind of game it is, it worth buying.10/10 Would fall to a river and destroy my armor again."
,Recommended,266510,23972269,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BolZ@rd™,nice
76561198115440258,Recommended,266510,23975956,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Belmont,excited to see HoF2 SOON!
76561197992240222,Recommended,266510,24112952,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dadger Ben,"The deadliest table game since Jumanji!A refreshing mix of card game, tabletop game, rpg, and third-person hack and slash. The game is a bizarre clash of genres that you wouldn't expect to mesh as well as they do in this case, and I can't recommend it enough. The only other time I can think of in an RPG where luck matters as much as skill is in classic tabletops like Pathfinder and DnD. The gameplay is fun and original, the voice acting on the narrator character is as memorable as it is haunting, and the graphics walk the fine line between stylized and realism with expert skill.Give it a shot, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,266510,24186196,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,kelric6,"Fantastic game!The only cons I can possibly think of is that this in NOT A CASUAL GAME.You can adjust difficulty rates as need be should you want it to be alot easier, but it can provide that amount of challenge that is just right.Beautiful artwork, design and narrative adds to the game.  I reccomend it on sale, but even if it wasn't on sale, it is a gauranteed day of fun worst case scenario.  It'd be up to you to value a day of fun, but if you are into a DnD type of game with a more dark mystical aesthetic, this is for you.My reccomendation for this game would be that it would be open to the workshop where players would have the ability to make their own custom cards within regulation."
,Recommended,266510,24726943,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,x4121,"Fighting seems somewhat ""unfinished"", otherwise awesome game"
76561197969019226,Recommended,266510,21989862,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Asoth,great outsider game: RPG and beat them all (batman like gameplay) mixdlc is not mandatory
76561197992551560,Recommended,266510,21961363,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Cthulhumon,"Quite well-balanced and replayable.  I'm not normally much of a fan of Rogue-like games, but your level of control with the deck building really adds a whole new level of complexity that makes it far more enjoyable for a longer period of time."
76561197988566726,Recommended,266510,21955643,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Grim Jester,"I'm not sure where to begin, so I'll list the three ways in which this game shines:1) Your companion is called The Dealer. His voice acting, and writing is excellent. Sometimes he insults you, sometimes he helps you, and sometimes he says something profound.2) The combat seems to be inspired by Arkham Asylum. You can attack, counter, and dodge. More than that, the order in which you take out opponents is important. Beyond that, the gear that you equip can make you more or less effective against certain opponents.3) Lastly, this is a deck builder game. For those of you who don't know, a deck builder is a game where adding and subtracting cards from your deck makes you more, or less effective in play.This game can be very hard on the normal setting for three reasons:1) Like FTL, and Rogue Legacy, you must have a certain amount of luck to get the tools that you need to beat the game. When you've played enough to understand this, don't be afraid to forfeit a game early, and restart. Luck is a necessary ingredient for success.2) If you don't understand how a deck builder works, you won't be able to stack the deck in your favor. This is an important part of the game. The basics are simple, you add good cards, and remove bad cards.3) Some creatures must be killed first before you can kill any other creatures. If you are constantly failing in a particular combat scenario, look up some hints online, and it will be made clear.One more note, a large portion of the game uses a variant of 3 Card Monte, a popular con game. It is sometimes, but not always, possible to track the card that you want, so don't assume that it's totally random."
,Recommended,266510,22033507,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Dopish,Nice
76561198035665215,Recommended,266510,21086751,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Neh3maH,"Have you ever wondered whqat could be the incestuous child of a CCG, a RPG qnd q Beqt'em All ?Guess no more, it's sold on that very page :You have a collection of cards and chose some of them before each level.These cards are added to the dealer's (NPC) and placed on the table.Your character hops from card to card, thus triggering their (sometimes random) events.If you have to fight mobs it will be in a small arena with the equipment you built during the level.It's very fun, sarisfying and well paced.Moreover the difficulty system is very well done with stable difficulties ranging from ""lil' stroll"" to ""My♥♥♥♥♥got-beaten-so-hard-I-can-whipe-my-tears-with-my-buttcheeks"".PS: all of this is VERY subjective and my not so little taste for this kind of games might make me a bit to enthusiastic. BUT BUY IT IT'S COOL."
,Recommended,266510,21057639,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Space Monkey,"What a gem of a game.If you like Pathfinder card games, or tabletop RPG games then you will probably find this game fun.Very well designed, very polished, deviously planned, simple but with a lot of depth.Very easy to overlook this game, but oh so worth getting. Hours of fun to be had.Very recommended."
76561198036725598,Recommended,266510,21048019,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,omnias64,"This is a fun game with a good concept that was well executed.You are an adventurer, and your adventure is decided by the cards that are dealt to you. Each level consists of several cards that you select from a deck builder, which evolve overtime as you play the game.The gameplay is hack and slash and not too flashy, but the controls are tight and responsive (on an Xbox xontroller).I really enjoy the DnD feel of the game and the reward system. For me, the game felt very much like an odd sort of video game novel."
76561197971359508,Recommended,266510,21069739,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,cola4ever,This game is magic - Love it!
76561198265554482,Recommended,266510,21098941,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Matthew,"Hand of fate in 21 words:Hand of fate is a mixture of genres, it's primary focus a cardgame. It's had great updates post release. Exceptional game."
,Recommended,266510,21238694,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,AKG,"Game is a fusion of a table game and computer RPG game. Batman-like combat system, huge amount of artefacts and random encounters, story mode and endless challenge. Every ride is totally different from previous ones. After some time it can become boring or even infuriating when you can't beat some particulary cunning achievement/challenge but it is still a Great game. Also, developers are really friendly, always listen to players and continue adding new cards to the game. If you like chance-based table games - try it, if not - still give it a try. Game is decent to say the least.P.S. I returned to the game after a while and found a lot of new cards added. Game is even more various now than it is used to be. :)"
76561197973818633,Recommended,266510,22735857,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,dubcee,Amazing Game.ARPG meets text based adventure game with deck building layered on top.  Very original and very good.  Art and sound presentation are also top notch.
76561198028740735,Recommended,266510,22538397,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,holobit,"I must say: This game is fun to play. It has nice atmosphere and good amount of darkness. Card dealer is interestingly mysterious and “scary”.  As far as the card part of the game and deck building, I really like it. Most of the card are interestingly designed and fits in the game.On the other hand – combat seems bit unpolished and I would like to see redesigned combat system in HoF 2.  It is not bad but I don’t feel the synergy between combat part and card playing part."
,Recommended,266510,22517887,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Han_Soo,"Finally beat the game (story mode) so I like to write a review for this fantastic game.First of all, if you are looking for a game that you get to win all the time, this is not for you.If you like fiction, adventure, dungeon game & card game ( especially those card with traditional ink finishing ), this is a real good deal for you. Nice graphic, simple fighting mechanism, quite some new equipments to collect, a funny card dealer who mocks you sometimes and most importantly you can customise the storylines by using the cards. Playing this game does require some luck, but once you have the idea of how it works, you can slightly control your luck by combining the encounters and equipments, other than that, yup, plain luck.*** Must get it with DLC, DLC makes the game complete by adding few series of continuous encounters, and character classes to make the game much more entertaining (this also the part that I mentioned about controlling  luck""). For me, this game is a bit hard to beat without the DLC."
,Recommended,266510,22580945,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Hurkey Durkey,"Amazing. Spectacular. The feeling of adventure, the deepseated fear of failure, the thrill of success. This game is worth every bloody penny. Deckbuild your way to victory, and enjoy the amazing voiceacting of the Dealer. Instant recommendation-- can't praise it enough.My only complaints are the combat system's a little clunky in its targeting, and in particular, the camera angles often let you down in the heat of a big mob, or when crawling through a maze of traps."
,Recommended,266510,23028251,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
,Recommended,266510,23038628,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Harbort,"Very good game. I am not usually one for card collecting games, but this one is really really well made and the RPG component to it is great. I also love the short game sessions and the fact that, even in death, the adventure moves forward at least for the side quests."
,Recommended,266510,22946446,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,eltee,"(8.5/10)Something of a hydra of a game, one head is a collectable card game, another is a brawler, another is a roguelike, yet another is a light rpg.  Somehow all of that actually comes together almost seamlessly and really makes for a more complelling game than I was expecting.Play time for a final 'win' is around 4-6 hours, varying depending on how much side-tracking you do to complete side quests and earn more tokens (cards). If you want to 100% everything, be prepared for a much longer haul as many side-quest cards can chain one after another with long relatively high-risk encounters.The biggest point of contention is the encounter 'chance' card draw and shuffle, which unless you specially build to make it a little slower, feels a bit like being conned by a curb-side shell-game.  Relatively forgivable though as there are plenty of mechanics to recover from losses and stockpile resources to compensate for shortfalls.In the end, seriously worth giving a try.  Even if every mechaninc doesn't gel for you, theres still a ton to look at and explore here."
,Recommended,266510,14311987,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,RewChamploo,"""A Whopping 12 / 10 Gain Cards!"" ~[Z?] 'RewCombining the elements of aCCG, anaction-RPG, adeckbuilder sim, in a quest and story driven ""Story Mode"" and a special stamina, ""Test Your Might"", driven ""Endless Mode"", I think they've(Defiant Development, based in AUS)completely broken down a certain fourth-wall for me, personally. It's got a host (""The Dealer"") with a laid back, yetbrutaldisposition about him and a completely randomized game engine. I'm glad I spent the $24.99 (price due to change in fluctuation, due to Steam Sales and possible new content releases) for this title. I had gotten it, HoF, when in Early Access and amfullypleased with the HoF v1.0 that was released.. It's addicting, fun, easy going (or hard) and demands a certain amount of attention for the Story Mode. Meanwhile it also demands constant attention, focus and patience for the staminous, Endless Mode.[NOTE: Their Customer/Tech/Product Support, is amazing! They hop directly on the issues, bugs and so on, as soon as they have the spare time. Truly a dev group worth keeping an eye on. And definitely a dev group worth thanking for their hard work!]I give this title,Hand of Fate, a whopping12 / 10 Gain cards![PS: I had gotten the first expansion, completely free, since I had purchased HoF while in Early Access. I just have to say, I would gladly pay the current price for it now, if I hadn't bought HoF while in Early Access. Many branching event cards, ""Fate"" cards with even more events and content that alters how the game plays out and more. Go ahead and give the DLC a look at if you've already gotten hooked *wink*]"
76561197999316299,Recommended,266510,23112990,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,MadMax,"An excellent and easily overlooked game with great atmosphere and general feeling.Progress your own story by collecting cards through completing tasks or fights.Downside is that it can be repetitive to get some cards and the fighting system is sadly the weakest part of the game. Still good though.Would recommend this game to anyone who likes third-person Batman-(Assassins Creed)-like combat and great storytelling. Also, get the DLC for a lot of added value!"
,Recommended,266510,24170833,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Syler,"Great game. Love the endless mode, it makes the replayability (spelling?) amazing. Would reccomend to a friend."
76561198023507159,Recommended,266510,24242512,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,the.grognard,"This is an interesting game that once you get over the initial ""WTF"" impression, will leave you delighted.I love games that try to be something new and not just another clone.  Games like that will most likely get a recommendation from me."
,Recommended,266510,24208689,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheDwiin,"Got permanently wounded to the max of 5 health, on the same step as I ran out of food.10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,266510,24219811,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Poseidon,"Quite good. It is basically a road to the boss made of random cards that have different effects. Some are traps, some are shops and some are enemies which you can fight in third person using the gear you collected during the adventure."
,Recommended,266510,22618330,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,『 S-POI-LER 』|Two Week away,
76561198048955203,Recommended,266510,24045177,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,litre,"This game has ♥♥♥♥ing style. The aesthetics, story, music, art and narration are so superb, I am going to let the somewhat simplistic combat pass.Separately I'd like to note that the game has a variety of visual pre-sets, including ""fast"" and ""fastest"" (sic!) which will make it work even on my 2011 gaming laptop at 60 fps and look quite decent still. Kudos to the developers for that.UDP: After playing for a while longer, I have one negative point to make about the game. In my opinion, the difficulty curve is very uneven, and gets ridiculously steeper towards the end. Consider this: I beat every challenge in the game on first try without feeling much pressure until the next-to-the-last challenge. That one took me around 10 tries to beat. I am stuck at the final challenge, tried it around 15 times already and I don't think I will beat it any time soon.My complaint isn't that the game is too hard. Rather, I wish it started to become more difficult earlier, so that I could get more experienced with the combat, strategy, etc. As it stands, I just pierced through the first 8 challenges like a knife through butter and now can do absolutely nothing on the last one."
76561197998183097,Recommended,266510,24362482,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Ratsibaba,This is gud gaem
,Recommended,266510,24357020,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Calfurion,I'd give it about a 7/10. It's not bad and worth the price
76561198047045273,Recommended,266510,24304321,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ajgrovery,A near perfect execution of an interesting concept.
,Recommended,266510,24866066,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,InevitableCheese,"A great game held back by it's combat. Half way through, once you unlock some of the tougher encounters, it gets rather infuriating."
76561198063488513,Recommended,266510,24893402,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,carterwm95,This game is beyond fun! the combination of third person combat with the card game works incredibly well. I can not recommend this game more!
76561197970887820,Recommended,266510,16516610,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mandrake42,"An excellent combination of card game and hack and slash combat, its impossible to convey just how well this works without seeing it in action. Lets just say that if you are a fan of either card games OR action RPG's, there is something for you in this game. Each run through the game will unlock new cards which will lead to more variety on your next playthrough. With excellent presentation and a constantly changing environment to quest through, this game is extremely addictive and with runthroughs that average around half an hour, it's hard to resest the lure of ""just one more go"".Edit: Since I bought this months ago the devs have added a bunch of free new content as well, so the game is expanding all the time. There is also some resonably priced DLC to spice up your game. It was worth a purchase without all the free add-ons so I would say its even more so now. Get on board.Edit 2: I have revisted this game a year or so on and it is still awesome. In fact I have gotten re-addicted."
,Recommended,266510,25459905,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Malkiax,Fun game with good bosses and side quests. Finally boss fight with the Fortune Teller is disappointing as its just fighting all the previous bosses and some QTE
76561197983833091,Recommended,266510,25462290,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ozzydto,"Great game that relies on the choices you make as well as fighting skill and some luck.You have a deck of encounter cards, these get arranged into dungeon levels which your hero steps through. The challenge being that you have to balnce your health, gold and food as you go so that you survive in the long term. You start off with a fixed deck of cards, but each encounter is usually part of a chain that you progress through, so the one you just completed is discarded and then in your next game the new card will be added. This is how new loot and gear are also added to the mix.Not all encounters are combat related, with text describing a situation, then offering some choices to make. There are some that present you with a sort-of luck based success/fail (its one of those follow the card as they are shuffled mini games) which can be frustrating, but its a mechanic that works.Some may find the combat either too simple, or get annoyed by controls, camera,etc, but I think it works well since its not the sole focus of the game and so doesn't drag on too much.Its a great game, worth picking up if you see it on sale."
76561197999015784,Recommended,266510,25347576,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ranshiin,Endless mode.In the 30th floor or somewhere near it:- 50% max health- 30% max health- Receives a curse for every ring in your possessionDied instantlySounds about right.
,Recommended,266510,25497556,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Telarius,"Having recently developed an affinity for card-based games, Hand Of Fate caught my eye.  It is a very unique hybrid of a CCG and an RPG, that I personally find quite engaging.  The inclusion of real-time combat also adds another layer of gameplay.  I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys card-based games looking for a bit of a twist.  Personally, I find the card art a bit dull, but if I am seeking that, I'll go play something else.  Definitely a good purchase, though I recommend picking it up on sale with the expansion."
,Recommended,266510,25367829,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MasterBETA,"This game is very enjoyable and scratches numerous genre itches. The game is set up with a character and the character is given a deck that you improve each game. As you unlock new quests, items, and other ""tokens"" in the game this serves as a permanent change to your deck. This also works with creatures, as you progress the deal will also get a harder and more robust deck. Every time you die in the game, your character and progression through the story has to restart, but any tokens you won are permanent (so it is sometimes worth dying and having to restart the game so long as you have a change at a permanent token). The combat is fun and fast, fairly easily button smashing with some strategy. The game is fast past and designed well enough that you can pop in and out of games. 10-15 minutes can be enough to actually make progress. I normally prefer very long and in-depth games that take 100s of hours, but this is something nice to break it up, or if I want something that is better on controller. Honestly you should pick up this game if you are in the mood for something different."
,Recommended,266510,24385202,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,GentleGeorge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"One of the best rogue-like game out there. You could actually win something and go far in endless mode. You can actually pick the card you wanted, if you can observe the card shuffling process properly tho. It wasn't just random shuffling for visual only where the card choosing is left to fate or luck. DLC is optional but its actually pretty fun. I recommend buying the DLC too."
76561198079020363,Recommended,266510,24486812,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,crickit90,"Hand of Fate follows in the foot steps of great games. There is a single character narrating your adventure. In this case it is your opponent, the dealer. It has roguelike elements. The game actually grows as you play it. It has a story and an endless mode. It is an adventure rpg with randomized dungeon encounters. You attain powerful gear, and your character also gains power as an individual. Your choices matter. While there is a random element, you can overcome it with skill. The combat is simple and fluid. This is a direct game with a lot of charm and some poignant humor.In spite of all of these features Hand of Fate is simply a good game. It's overpriced at $25, grindy, and easily becomes repetative. The story mode is short, and endless is simply a good way to unlock more cards for your deck. There are three difficulties: apprentice, adventurer, and warlord. The wildcard dlc adds more, but they don't feel very different. Each adds a few cards to the deck if you grind through them long enough, but it doesn't feel worth the tedium to accomplish it. I'd recommend picking up this game at $15 or less on sale.There are a few other complaints I can see people having. Here they are. Some people might complain that you cannot play as anything other than a male who hardly looks different  than the bandits. There is very little representation of female characters, and it's hardly positive. An elven maiden who grants a boon, a mother who can't provide for her children, a princess in need of rescue. a pair of lovers (the girl is rather flighty), a bandit's nagging wife, an angry spirit, and the queens of each of the suits. Lastly the Descent to the Underworld free dlc adds a new enemy that seems like it is a reskin of the plagues standard melee unit, but that's about it."
,Recommended,266510,24271578,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Tenshi,"Where to begin? I usually start off by comparing to a popular game in the same genre but this one right here... it's quite unique.So, what is Hand of Fate and why you should try it?The game itself is played against the Dealer, as you attempt to beat different challenges and combats that he throws at you. They are represented by cards, some designed to help the player, some to hinder and most are a mix of the two, so the difficulty is balanced on the edge. To help you on your quest, you have two decks, Encounter and Equipment, which you set before hand, but each round the Dealer adds his cards into them as well to balance out the 'goodies' you put in.The cards will vary from straight up story encounters, which usually require the player to make a choice, and may involve combat. Combat is played out top down-ish in a limited area against pre-set enemies God of War style but much more basic. There is nuance to it but not much.PROS- Captivating obscure story, challenging you to find out more by unlocking more cards and beating encounters;- Charming sound design, every clink and slam are in their proper place;- The Dealer: ahhh, the Dealer... fully voice acted, enigmatic, aloof, sometime even tender towards the player. He will frequently comment on the happenings in game, even remembering the cards you used before. You are never quite sure if he is routing for you or trying to hurdle you and bitter at your progress. Intriguing character and SUPERBLY voice-acted. Probably enough of a selling point on its own.- Mouse and Keyboard controls are re-bindable and perfectly functional (i.e. doesn't suck without controller). Controller still probably recommended if you got one.CONS:- Combat camera cannot be controlled and is sometimes pretty awful;- Some people will find the totally unfair and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t RNG (tm) to be too hard to handle, such people should STAY AWAY from this game.- RNG will screw with you. You will die. Repeatedly. Sometimes the Old Gods decide that 90% of your total HP is just about right to take away because you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥them off......OVERALL:HIGHLY recommended to any RPG lovers out there with a bit of collecting cards mixed in. Dripping in polish and a lot of TLC."
,Recommended,266510,24526070,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,{S}ilent {H}orror,"Do people still read these things? Okay, so at the time of writing, me and 3575 other blokes think this game is great *and* think our opinions matter, even though most just repeat what another guy wrote.Yes, its a narrated dungeon-crawler roguelike with cards and role-playing elements and with your hero dude engaging in Batman/Mordor style combat.But why should you as potential buyer care? Is it worth your time and cash? I don't know you, so I can't say - the metacritic button should be down there somewhere...I'm just guy #3576 who thinks this game is very enjoyable and does exactly what the game description says it should do.Beware though, I would not say 'infinitely' replayable, that's sales pitch exaggeration - there's *alot* of content without a doubt and more to the point: there's more than enough content to justify its price. And thats good enough for me."
76561198107896640,Recommended,266510,24513004,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,FalseShepard,"Nice lore development and voice acting. The storytelling is riveting, but not so much a deck buiding game per se, at least not in terms of devicing strategies around the deck (I haven't tried the DLC but I doubt it will make a significant difference). It is fun to read the text and listen to the card dealer and chill with a little combat on the side. I am sure the casual rpg players will have quite a few hours of great time with it.Looking forward to more of this genre, but either with a valid deckbuilding mechanism or with even stronger and more intricated storylines. The full price is a little high but I do appreciate the effort the devs put into the game."
,Recommended,266510,25337639,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,[VGZ] AbareGamer,"What a masterful ♥♥♥♥ing game. Easily a must buy for those who like some good action combat, with a twist.For a bit more detail, the combat is probably the least thrilling/intriguing part of the game as it's mainly there to serve a basic purpose. The root of the game stems from its dedication to its cards and deck concept. Between entire strategies based around putting the right equipment cards in your deck to being able to get consistent results from an encounter just by following the shuffled cards well, this game excels at both giving this great feeling of ""you vs. the dungeon master"" as well as the strategy involved in various card games.A must buy during a Steam sale for sure, still a great purchase and title at full price. Its DLC is also great too, but not vital."
76561198012501121,Recommended,266510,25678480,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Swagdaddy Fresh,"Hand of of Fate is a rogue like dungeon crawler with cards and Batman-style combat.-Great narrative of the gameplay by the dealer-Amazing and coherent art work-Constant unlocking of new cards drives the story and provides you with equipment choices-Solid deck building, including both events and player gear-every game is uniqueDownsides-RNG can be cruel-Few different enemy types (but all are distinct from each other)........cursed lizardpeople-combat inputs occasionally don't  work (maybe it's just me)-a controller is highly recommended___________________________bottom lineget if you love rogue like games and cards, it is worth the price tag and support a small game studio.The DLC adds replayability because of the new starting classes (which offer more of a challenge) but is not a necessity"
,Recommended,266510,27198611,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maven,Probably the best card game experience available on PC.
76561198030940207,Recommended,266510,27202972,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,geezy,A little pearl everyone should play. The new DLC (Wildcards) made it better.
,Recommended,266510,16543406,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sneaky Adolf,I cried because of how much I realised how long I will be playing this game. 10/10 will and forever play again.
76561197989311080,Recommended,266510,21787305,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mintendo,Very nice rogue-like game!!! I <3 how they combine the RPG in cards along with the combat system (similar to Batman/Sleeping Dogs). I've purchased this game long ago and am surprised to see that they keep on adding new cards FREE!!!
,Recommended,266510,21144123,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,IronHeartKay,"This is an amazing game, the only down side for me is just im impatient so im like cards come fasterrrr but on a serious note this game is so based on luck and watching the cards that you think one moment you have like 149 gold with 3 amazing gear the next you pick a huge failure and get decimated by some lizard guys. i love this game and ill be playing this for a long time i know it."
,Recommended,266510,21159138,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,walkerwaits,"Very unusual and entertaining. I found my interest waning after 7 hours, but I expect to come back to it. I wouldn't pay more than ten dollars."
76561198082725237,Recommended,266510,21159554,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,lockwood1993,this game looks great and is infunitly replayable i love this gameps: sorry for any mispellings
76561198009067077,Recommended,266510,21167419,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,GRANIT Salvo,"A little of many different styles put together into a fantastic presentation.  The dealer is as charismatic as he is enigmatic.  The game is paced perfectly to keep making want to play ""one more game"".The combat is the only sore spot that I've found so far.  It tries the arkham fighting style, but the animations are not optimized for it.  It looks off, but plays well.  Again, it's paced well, so the flaw is quickly forgotten."
,Recommended,266510,21249831,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Makoo,This game blends a decent batman-ish fighting system with a card game and it does it really well and I want a sequel.The game is not flawless by any stretch but it's a really good game none the less.
,Recommended,266510,21288923,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ddrew127,Really fun game. I wish it was longer though.
,Recommended,266510,21222529,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,What's the problem?,"If you're a fan of trying to derive a strategy out of pure chance, Hand of Fate offers a lot of replayability and total brutality in the later stages. A strange blend of psuedo-text adventure and rudimentary combat where everything's decided by cards."
,Recommended,266510,21265340,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Bloobster[ßŦ],"This game overall gives you a very great feel of adventure.More or less hits my DnD sweet tooth. The idea of cards that dictate which events happen, you know what to expect but not when.8 / 10 in my book.I highly suggest it to anybody that loves the feel of adventure without you truely knowing what is going to happen next."
76561198030965719,Recommended,266510,21273913,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,NerdyVampire,"This game is worth every cent, a whole lot of replayability, nice controls and interesting stories."
76561198018757196,Recommended,266510,14886186,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tristan,"Stop reading my review and just buy it!Played a few hours then bought it,my friend played a few hours and now he owns it...There is a few bugs but there minor to enjoyment and playthrough"
76561197995623492,Recommended,266510,14888753,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Berserk94,"Even though I never beat the dealer, this game gave me hours of entertainment and for 25 bucks is a steal. I made a playthrough of this game, and needless to say, the game gets VERY difficult. Overall, i give this game a 7/10. Without the dealer as the end boss and that whole last dungeon, i'd give the game a 9/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTjxWL6C8q4&list=PL0Wb6Ws2_YQHc0N6Q56-zjHHX6mE3kOtw"
,Recommended,266510,15104816,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Exogenous,A nice combination of stratagy and skill those who know game theory will excell requires resource and risk management.
76561198008031054,Recommended,266510,14790834,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,KitchenGun,"In most RPGs, card games are a staple mini-game where you can use the cards collected in random encounters. Sometimes, these games are fun like tetra master in FFIX, but most of the time they are just a distraction and play-time-extenders.With this game, however, it's the other way around. Collecting and playing cards is the main part, while the hack-and-slay-style encounters and bosses are fun, but do not compare to the excitement of unlocking new cards and the adventures and mysteries they hold.It all comes together when a round ends: Regardless of the outcome, each token acquired in the game unlocks new cards that have effects that are yet unknown - you have to uncover their meaning in-game. Then, the dealer invites you to play another game. He let's all your cards hover in a cloud above the table and you just have to click to start another round to get to know your new acquisitions...Highly recommended, especially for players that cannot resist an innovative rogue-like or card-game with many collectibles."
,Recommended,266510,14649640,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,"A deck of cards generates a unique adventure each time. Your deck gives you equipment to fight brawler battles, the dealers deck screws with you."
,Recommended,266510,14649772,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,anancı,"+Promising a great experience. Great dialogues, cards, mechanics. Unique frequently changing gameplay. Infinite mode. Dealing with new cards at every level is makes the game even more unique.-Repeats istelf after some hours of gameplay, hack and slash parts are almost the same. So easy at first half and so hardcore at last half. Kinda short gameplay even with infinite mode.If you like card games or any kind of dungeon crawler, just buy it. It's a great game with unique style and mechanics. Totaly going to worth every penny."
,Recommended,266510,14652304,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ThaProfessor,"This game is incredibly fun. There is enough RNG that humbles even the most experienced of gamers. If you're comfortable with the fighting style of the Arkham series (flowing combos and countering) then the combat shouldn't be too difficult. The game really thrives in its ability to conjure a new experience every time you enter the gauntlet -- Nothing like fighting off 16 enemies with a rusty axe and hoping for the best.PROS: Well designed, voice acting is excellent, graphics are quite nice and the uniqueness of each level of the dungeon keeps me coming to play this game. You unlock more cards as you defeat their predecessors to extend the replayability.CONS: Entering a prone attack can be frustrating, simply because you stand there like a doofus and swing your weapon which in turn inspires enemies to want to start their attack patterns earlier...probably because they got each other's backs. What generally happens is that you enter a prone attack, get 1 or 2 swings in, and just roll away...never really finishing the attack."
76561198136072027,Recommended,266510,14653555,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Global Bastards Inc.,"Great game, I can play it for hours on end. It the best game in the world."
,Recommended,266510,14615328,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,WoollySMASH,"I'm going to recommend this game at this point because the game is legitimately innovative and fun. My major concern is that the game is very buggy in this state, I can seldom get a few rounds before the game crashes or freezes up. There are similar complaints in the discussion forums..Unfortunately this seems to be a issue with buying new games in 2015, they are seldom tested and refined enough. I'm hoping some patches down the line will come and alleviate the majority of these problems. I know from the hour I've played of the game that it is something I will like.. but I'm going to leave it for a few weeks and hope the problems get fixed in this time. I'll update this review at that point.Edit:The issues between loading screens I was having has disappeared I'm not quite sure if it was patched or not.. now with 6+ hours into I am still having a blast."
76561198048889794,Recommended,266510,14655047,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Certified Smartass,"One of the most polished and beautiful experiences I've had in a long time.  It feels repetitive after a while, but when you play a game that changes the button icons to the generation of controller you're using, you know that you're playing a work of love."
76561197987850921,Recommended,266510,14655094,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,nisseperlemo,It's a good game. Try it!
76561198059737271,Recommended,266510,14655555,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,frmwheeler,"I love this game's atmosphere. Maybe I'm a sucker for silly awesome, but playing against a magical wizard, a strange little game at the end of the world makes me grin from ear to ear. I agree with other reviewers of this game that has an adventure book feel.The The wizard darws encounters, and if you win those encounters he draws equipment, and blessing cards from his deck. his commentary and the tail that ensues is very charming.Any fan of tabletop gaming will love this game. The wizard even uses tokens for crying out loud."
,Recommended,266510,14655801,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,UMBRA,"I am absolutely in love with this game. It takes deck building, choose-your-own-adventure, board games, Arkham-style brawling and roguelite elements and mixes them all into a melting pot, and the atmosphere is the final ingredient that brings it all together.You're essentially playing through an adventure, using a deck of cards as the base, with the dealer providing colorful commentary and setting the mood. It's like playing a personal, one-on-one game of DnD with someone...or like old shows like Knightmare or similar. I can not overstate how impressive the atmosphere is of the game, with each card full of flavor and every encounter interesting and exciting. You never know what you'll find!The dealer himself is a very interesting character, who half the time seems to want to help you and half the time seems happy to watch you twist in the wind. He'll applaud you for victory, but just as quickly savor your defeat. Maybe you decide to swap out an axe for a sword? He'll snark about it, asking you if it's really what you want to do. His commentary, though sometimes cryptic, does an immense job in building the world and turns every card into a fully fleshed encounter, dripping with detail. Every monster, enemy and boss is played up with description, sometimes terrifying and sometimes mournful.Honestly, I have no complaints about this game at all and have had no issues or bugs with it...at least so far. Some of the RNG can get truly brutal in the later encounters and the combat itself isn't exactly door-busting, but it's more than servicable and for anyone who's played the Arkham games, Assassin's Creed or the like will find it easy to learn, though the difficulty ramps up greatly.I can already see this being one of my favorite games of the year. I sincerely hope they intend to release more content for it, as I'd love that, though between the Story mode and Endless Mode, I can see playing this for a long while yet."
,Recommended,266510,14655841,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Noble Insanity,"Just started playing and I can already tell this is a great game. Similar combat to the Arkham series, with wonderful deck building adventure quests.Tons of replayability possibilities it seems!2 thumbs up!"
,Recommended,266510,14656957,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Stealthxero,"Don't want to read the wall of text below? Watch my first look of Hand of Fate here.http://youtu.be/umvlXyDrUA8Much like most of the other great games that have come out this year so far, Hand of Fate is one of those that could have easily slipped through the cracks. It is a difficult game to categorize, but it's mix of card game mechanics, brawling and table top RPG mechanics proves to mix together very well. Let's break down each part and see how it stacks up.The Card Game -Easily the best part of this game. When I heard this was a card game I went into it expecting something along the lines of Hearthstone, but I couldn't have been more wrong. Your deck controls what is in each level, and gives you equipment. the dealers deck on the other hand (heh card puns) contains the monsters you fight, the prizes and punishments from encounters, and a few cards just to mess with you. Its very unique and very addictingThe Brawling -Easily the worst part of the game. It's not bad, but if you have played Shadow of Mordor then this is going to feel quite clunky. The combat is just imprecise and the trap level that all depend on movement are hard to navigate. It should be noted though that its not BAD, just could have used some more polish and seems rushed compared to the rest of the game.The RPG Side -Much of the game comes down to what are essentially dice rolls from D&D, though in this case is a card pick. This is what ties the whole game together. With this system even playing the same deck time and time again will give you a different playthrough. It is a deep system and allows for almost infinite replayability, and in a time where games are getting bashed for not having replayability  *cough* The Order *cough* its good to see.Hand of Fate is easily one of my favorite games of the year so far, and I highly recommend picking it up is you have any interest in card games."
76561198091974816,Recommended,266510,27036870,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MartiniLinguine,Super fun & creative m8
,Recommended,266510,27002902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Il Praio,"Some people say the combat in this game is weak. I really like it. With a little bit of practice you can master it and the items you collect during the adventure make a big difference.Everything else is great (as wel)l, but people tend to agree on this."
76561198044812578,Recommended,266510,27297596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Demidronik,A fun and interesting take on a card game. The downside is that to unlock all the cards (see all the game content) it is RNG on top of RNG.
,Recommended,266510,27292377,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eryndir,My favorite game so far.
,Recommended,266510,27292561,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Omen,"Choose your adventure, built your deck. Can you survive the Dealers Spite?A Great mix of deck building action combat with a sprinkle of chance. Learn well, cause in this game life only begins once you've taken the first step."
,Recommended,266510,27360742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dantasm,"Its like the table top game Munchkin, but with more hands on fighting, Love it."
,Recommended,266510,26932224,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Guy Hero,Best build your own rpg/dungeon game I've ever played.
,Recommended,266510,26959270,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,khman734,"This game is great because of its replayability. Even if you fail, you are still likely to get a new card to take you on a different portion of that adventure the next time. Combat plays out well and still a good difficulty no matter how good you get."
76561198040637529,Recommended,266510,26815965,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rimidalv,This is by far one of the best games I have ever player.For someone who has never seen it I would describe it as being a roguelike game having the combat of the Batman: Arkham games combined with a deck building game all in a D&D atmosphere.I highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys a mix of at least 2 of those elements.
,Recommended,266510,26819151,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ðeth2k,"great game, highly recommended"
76561198035915202,Recommended,266510,25287693,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Blackjack010,"If you like a combination of deck building and Batman Arkham Series style combat,this is the game for you.You choose event cards and equipment cards, these are featured in your next run.Once you resolve a event, you gain new cards and move to the next card on your map.(The dealer builds each level with your event cards, the goal is to find the card that leads to the nextlevel until you reach the end boss.)You have to manage gold and rations, if rations run out you die.Combat is a bit clunky, but the unique genre mix makes this game stand outand it is a really good time."
,Recommended,266510,26804803,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gamewiz,Great game. Moving between events set like cards on a table where you can customize what you can encounter/equipment you get to help benefit you best.
76561198050494109,Recommended,266510,26986155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TreadTheFloods,"Great game, adds something a little new to RPGs. Main dislike is the way too easy combat, once you get the combo meter high enough and can deflect blows or roll away you just faceroll though every scenario."
,Recommended,266510,26983918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tolshortte,"nothing quite like it in any game ive seen.  rng in all the right ways, challenging, fun, keeps you wanting more."
76561198003897820,Recommended,266510,26982028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Trip +,"It's got a great Rogue-like feel to it, combined with D&D style 'adventure'. It's very immersive by way of the story is told and adapted to your choices."
76561197997155421,Recommended,266510,26965263,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Not,A fun combat system with interesting card rounds and great atomsphere makes this a must play game!
76561198116061315,Recommended,266510,26944629,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,matt1238,i am writing this for a badge
76561198027027691,Recommended,266510,26950942,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jcel4569,"Hand of Fate is, in my opinion, a triumph of the indie-game scene and a standard to which other games should aspire to.  I have found every aspect of this game to be well made and enjoyable.  The voice acting is exceptional, the combat is fast-paced and challenging, but feels smooth and fair, and the gameplay keeps me coming back time and time again.  I heartily recommend this game to anyone."
76561198127262333,Recommended,266510,26962750,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tassadar,"This game is a mixture of card game, RPG and adventure. If you like all these genres, this is a great game!"
,Recommended,266510,26936149,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Colonel Gentleman,"Hand of Fate is a very unique game that combines a story rich ""Choose your own adventure"" RPG, with deck building elements, and Batman/Shadow of Mordor encounters and combat.  Also did I mention it’s a roguelike as well?One would assume this to be a disaster in the making with all these features vying for the players attention, but in reality it is an oddly perfect fit.While you play the game against your foe, the Dealer who takes delight in commenting on almost every action you do.  Once again another potential recipe for disaster averted due to the crisp excellent voice performance that sets a strange level of immersion where it indeed feels like a game within a game.  The dealer always has something witty, interesting, deep, or teasing to say about every card that is played.  He even catches on to certain situations like where he happens to notice you milking a card for all its worth in multiple plays, or makes note on your lack or abundance of certain resources.  There’s so much dialogue that not only does it remain fresh; it paints a 2nd story reflecting the lore of the main game, not just the one you are playing.The music is quite good, though the tracks are limited and you will find yourself hearing the same battle song over and over again.  The game is a good deal for what it is and you will find yourself playing game after game as the difficulty starts to ramp up to unfair levels of play.  Since it is in part a game of chance, it is certainly something you will have to accept.  (Even though the card shuffling in the 4 card Monty games are indeed legitimate and not random in their answers like other games)The only main strike against it I would give is that the combat can be a tad wonky at times and almost feels like it was added as an afterthought.  If the controls were cleaned up better and the combat more fleshed out, (or even removed) it would be in my top 5 list of games I’ve played this year."
,Recommended,266510,27607146,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dr. Bard,I didn't think the premise of this game would actually work. I have never been more wrong about a game. This indie title is worth every penny and more! Excited for the sequel!
76561198044768454,Recommended,266510,27741688,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LC,"This is one of those games that flew bellow the radar. It is really fun to build your deck and see the story progress as you unlock new cards with new abillities. Just wish there was a ""skip combat"" option. I mean, the combat it's ""nice"", but forgatable...The rest of the game, though, is a really hidden gem."
,Recommended,266510,14563735,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,GlitchMonkey,"This is a great game all around, I really want them to expand and grow the content for a while. DLCs with different sets of cards, etc. This game is possibly endless. I don't write reviews, but this game has captured me in a big way."
,Recommended,266510,27738418,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FlarWalker,Fun to play
76561198097051086,Recommended,266510,27861571,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LudreasKnight,One of my favorite games to play.  I can't wait for the sequel.
,Recommended,266510,27879891,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[NgU] MA5KU,"This game is so awezome! its like game build in a game, where your decisions matter. For example if you keep avoiding stuff you are not going to get any good/bad stuff and you more likely will run out of food. Its also amazing how you have gold and food to buy stuff and avoid starving to death and of course there is those moments where there is 4 cards 2 good and 2 bad and their places are switched while they are backwards. If you pick good card you are like HELL yeah i succeeded but if you pick bad card you are like F**K!! If you are sharp eyed person you can keep up with the cards but more the you look at them the  more you will most likely to cross them and then be like ohh its this one but then it turns around and its one of the bad cards you are like WTF I swear that I saw it moving to here and not there :)"
,Recommended,266510,27771130,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jquik,Would definitely recommend. Hand of Fate is a unique genre of game. It's essentially a mixture of the following:FTL: Faster Than Light (Choose your own adventure)Shadow of Mordor (The Combat)Rogue Legacy (High Replayability since each session is unique)
,Recommended,266510,17359626,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,LilBrickyY,"Going back to play this game is just the same as when i first played it. The fun literally never stops and neither does the rage.Its one of those games that will literally make you want to complete the level before going to bed, no matter how long it takes.Honestly can't wait til 2 comes out, and I will be binging this for the week leading up to the new release :)"
,Recommended,266510,14616258,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ulderik,That's my first review after lot of years on steam.I played almost every kind of game and i can assure that HoF is an original title.The mix of ideas in this title is incredible. Probably combat phase is a little bit too simple (especially if you have Dark Soul experience) but all other aspects of game ( rpg + cards) are wonderful.Can't wait for Hand of Fate 2.
76561197978287641,Recommended,266510,27894637,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Angeln,A good game and a unique concept.Definitely worth a shot
,Recommended,266510,27915584,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chillydude,FUn and exciting. new adventure each game.
76561198004067336,Recommended,266510,27917319,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Moon,"Best use of difficulty in a game.  In this game you get your difficulty in the form of Curses, hampering your journey in combat and outside of combat, and trying to manage them as best you can beats your standard ""Increase in difficulty equals enemies with bigger health bars."""
,Recommended,266510,26040048,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Avolition,Back so soon? I knew you would not faulter.
76561198037427192,Recommended,266510,28426638,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Arkham,"I honestly couldn't help but buy this game. The blend of action combat and TCG combined with a genuine rpg atmosphere totally blew me away. The game can be deceptively simple but I'm certain it can also be quite punishing in higher levels of difficulty. Kudos to the developers, I'm definately going to play the hell out of this game and I'm really looking forward to the sequel. Definately recommending the game to all rpg fans!"
,Recommended,266510,26976959,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,drachonrails,"Probably the most enjoyable fantasy game I played in a while. It has a fantastic atmosphere, the narration alone worth my money. RPG, Cardgame and Hack'n'Slash... who needs more?"
,Recommended,266510,16811945,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,yinmin,Great and original game.
,Recommended,266510,16813325,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Loki Savant,"This game is an awesome fusion of ccg and brawling type games.The end result its kinda like a table top roleplaying game with random chance, magic items and curses all taking effect."
,Recommended,266510,16814686,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Arch Blueleaf,This is one of my new favorite games. I love board games for their way of making you think strategicly to try best the opponent and card games for their randomness with a good dash of luck. This is a game that makes the best out of both of the genres while having a fun and uniqe combat mechanic.I highly recomend this game for anyone who likes card and or board games as well as rouge likes.
,Recommended,266510,16824422,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sprekenzi,"I didn't expect to like this game as much as I did. Very fun and challenging, lots of hours to delve into and many different side stories."
76561197970533652,Recommended,266510,15937678,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dejim,An engaging game of cards and combat.Very engaging.. very atmospheric.
,Recommended,266510,16430509,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,RaKaiya,"First off, ths game was not what i had expected. I was thinking ""great another D&D or reckoning rip off"" but by the gods was i wrong. I have never played a game with such a unique structure. The character building is so intriguing and difficult that you'll barley ever be able to replicate your last round and there is always something to do with endless mode.I especially enjoy the way that everything revolves around the cards, including you. This is definitley a game of chance that i want to play. As a game developer and as player i give this game a 9/10.I say 9/10 because there was one mechanic that i didnt really like. Although your equipment and all those things rely on the cards, so do your skills. You need to beat the boss at the end of every stage in order to ""level Up"" and even then its not really levelling up because you just get some buffs and so do the enemies. I think persoanally i would have preferred a good levelling system to go with it and concidering its a game of choices gaining the baility to choose where to put points, like purchasing buffs and stuff. I also would have liked to see magic. I mean, theres the mages that you can fight, but you cant become a mage yourself and im not a big fan of that.But overall amazing game and i highly sugguest it to everyone who wants to try soemthing a little different to your usual RPG"
,Recommended,266510,16408603,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jared,This game has confirmed that I have the worst luck out of everyone on the planet. 10/10
,Recommended,266510,16410959,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Conker The Cat,"Do you like adventure games with a bit of dnd mixed into it? If so, you may like this game. The game is built highly around chance and the cards, because of this each game has its own unique life to it. No game plays the same, and is a rather interesting experience. You can add cards to your deck, adding or removing new experiences and items. I cant stop playing it. Just get it, you'll enjoy it a lot."
,Recommended,266510,16899686,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ellis,Really enjoying this game. I love cards games but the bonus too fight my own fights and dodge traps myself is a good link.This is the type of game that when you play it you wonder why someone has come up with idea already.
,Recommended,266510,16904235,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,MidnightSnacks,"Build a deck with helpful items and events. A dealer adds some of his own including a boss which has some overall rule like ""lose gold every turn"" or ""shop prices are low but you get cursed for buying anything"". Start at point A and hop onto face-down cards to flip them and try to find point B. Most will be random events with a x-card Monte minigame to determine whether it resolves positively or negatively. You get a token the first time you complete a challenge correctly, which typically but not always is by getting the positive result. Manage food, gold, and health, win equipment and blessings to strengthen your character for battle challenges (typical negative event result plus every round ends with an boss fight, at least), and avoid curses which are basically just negative blessings. If you beat the boss your collected tokens turn into new cards. If you die at any point you lose your tokens from that round and start over.Each round of the game is pretty short, and at least working through the story the first time there's a solid sense of progression from the deck building. I also really like the voice acting for the Dealer, he's a pretty charming character. On the base difficulty at least, if you're familiar with how Arkham combat works then you really can't lose a combat event. There's some challenge modes I can't vouch for yet."
76561197996403618,Recommended,266510,26604843,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,[Decepticon]D Testable,A mouse fighter choose your own adventure procedural generated dungeon crawl card collection rogue game... If you liked the fighting mechanics of batman and like table top dungeon crawls i'd definately recommend this.  Great game
76561197971030623,Recommended,266510,26595081,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Possum,"A wonderful combination of table adventure stories & action brawling.Really does need a controller.  This is one of the games I use my Steam controller for all the time and is great.Even runs that you don't succeed on you still get progress on any of the intermediate stories that you advanced, this keeps the game growing even when you are having trouble with a particular enemy type or boss.I love the deck building mechanic so you can try to influence how you want to build or play.  Thus you can tilt chances in your favour however the dealer adds his own cards every game.a game I keep coming back to."
,Recommended,266510,26613371,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Mark (OoieGooie),"As far as cheap Steam games go this one is a must have. Combat with cards, its a refreshing title worth a go if you're after something different. Plan, quest, collect, fight, hope and most likely die by some horrible giant thing. 8/10"
76561198025073166,Recommended,266510,26669418,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,"Synergy is broken, pls halp.",Watch some lets plays so you can get an idea of what the game is like. If you enjoy the concept you'll get a LOT of replayability out of it.
76561198014713087,Recommended,266510,26092044,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MiMi {Troll},"I have not played it for long...but daaaummm!, this game is fun/open/mistery, and really keeps you exited for the whole time that you play it."
76561198086891907,Recommended,266510,30893786,Posted: 1 April,all,oneless pizza,"A seriously fantastic game! A great story teller despite all the story being told through text based on the cards you discover, and the combat is outstanding and can prove a challenge during boss fights. Would honestly recommend this game to anyone especially as Hand of Fate 2 is set to release this year (2017)"
76561198047160375,Recommended,266510,26199554,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ruzzian,Tons of fun and ways to change up gameplay
76561197999470590,Recommended,266510,26254078,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rolepole,"Very cleverly designed game and well implemented. There are basically three phases: deck choosing, adventure phase and combat phase. You have to think quite hard in the first two. There are many occasions when you will run out of money or food and have to make difficult decisions. The combat phase is fast and requires good control and a quick wit as there are lots of options at each moment and multiple dangers in rapid succession.Altogether it is a good challenge, fast moving and fun and when you die, as sometimes happens, you just shrug and go again."
76561198167054592,Recommended,266510,26610531,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,rhunter,I have never written a Steam review in well over a year of having it.  I say this to try to convey just how much I love this game.
,Recommended,266510,26578360,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineHand of Fate is a card game developed and published by Defiant Development. As mentioned previously, Hand of Fate is a card game brought to life with Batman Arkham style combat and deckbuilding to customize your events and equipment pool. It also offers an endless mode where you have to survive for as long as possible with every card you've ever gotten mixed in the freyThe game offers responsive combat and a huge variety of equipment, monsters and events. The card artwork on each card given to you is really well made and fantastic music by Jeff van DyckThe dealers narration is well-produced. There is a fairly lengthy story mode and a more rogue-like endless mode and the game offers a very stylized graphics that looks great. The game dynamically get's more difficult as your opponent's own deck improves alongside yours with more enemies and negative outcomes the more you progressHowever, bosses are fairly week when you first encounter them so it feels sligthly anti-climactic and several of the weapons are straight up just upgrades over others meaning that meta decks get very similar. Every weapon is one handed so despite what you're using combat is always the same mostly, also the animations during combat are pretty weakI really did enjoy Hand of Fate, I highly recommend this game for anyone looking for a good rogue-like and also for people unfamiliar with the genre and want a more simplistic game with easy to learn but hard to master combat and with all the little issues the game has, I hope these will be ironed out in Hand of Fate 2!RECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,266510,26530497,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,This is a placeholder until I feel like writing.
,Recommended,266510,27108710,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mandrelen,wonderful blend of card game and deck building with some rogue lite elements and hack and slash gameplay driven by heavy narration
76561198004940419,Recommended,266510,27212041,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dookoo,Good Game!
76561198081101939,Recommended,266510,27083640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kronos (Thicc),Actually amazing game. Buy. (I'm doing this for that steam thing)
,Recommended,266510,28732505,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,StoneyPhenix,"Simple battle machanics, but it doesn't matter the game has great replay value do to it's unique dungion generation system."
,Recommended,266510,28738960,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AudieMurphy,"Really fun session-based arena combat/card game with excellent presentation and addicting gameplay.  Opens up the more you play and the randomness of the cards ensure that any run can turn south quickly.  Fair enemy variety, combat is tight but a little on the easy side for most enemies.  Good game to play for half hour or an hour at a time that you'll keep coming back to.Just... one... more... round."
,Recommended,266510,28704288,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ike,"This game is everything I wanted and more. It's brilliantly made and has a very fun and easy to enjoy battle system. I first saw this video in a paid promotion and I was pre-emptively gagging, expecting some cash grab. I watched on and what I saw looked amazing. It's a game of chance, requires some strategic thinking and is loads of fun. Sometimes you feel awesome and super lucky, while other times you just feel wrecked, but usually you can play well enough to mitigate the bad outcomes. I wholeheartedly recommend this if you've ever enjoyed a roguelike game before, or a card game. It's the best of both, with tons of progression.Pros: Good lore, fun gameplay, interesting character designs, interesting encounters, a surpising amount of progression and a ton of depth. Lots of replayability, extremely addicting. Once you begin collecting tokens, you just can't stop.Cons: There's barely any music, but what little there is, it's pretty good. There is a lot of luck elements, but it's a card game all about fate and chance, so this is barely even a drawback. Also, this game is extremely addictive. Hard not to play over and over and say to yourself ""Alright, last game- Ah crap it's 3 am? Whatever, just one more.""Would buy again, especially while it's on sale. DEFINITELY get this if you're considering it, you won't regret it one bit! (Unless you hate getting unlucky, then maybe. But pro tip, you can track cards with your eyes so it's never that luck based!)"
,Recommended,266510,27016567,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blueshs,One of the best games I've played. Excellent to play baked.
76561198180863439,Recommended,266510,31795012,Posted: 16 May,all,Meemyster2,"I absolutely love this game. It is difficult, but I love the challange. The only issue I have had with this game is that I had finished defeating the dealer and it didn't give me the achievement for defeating the dealer. So I tried again and it still didn't give me the achievement. None the less, this game is amazing and I love the art style as well as the sassy voice lines. The voice acting is wonderful as well. Would absolutely recommend to anyone who like stratagy games with a  little luck spread in."
76561198007894947,Recommended,266510,14587761,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,-LPW- Greywolf167,"A very nice Roleplaying game with a random Story based upon the cards you draw. I simply love how stories start develop around you. What happens if you encounter the father who was against the pair of lovers, you just helped to escape the city ? What has the Circus of the devil in store for you this time ? And who is the mysterious ghost that seems to know you so well and most importantly where is that ore i need so urgently to forge a mighty holy hammer to bash the head of the king of sculls in ?You will have to find the answers yourself ;)"
76561198037397129,Recommended,266510,31800860,Posted: 17 May,all,PelicanPencil,"I really liked Hand of Fate, it's a nice little DND-like random card game with some basic but decent top-down combat. I never finished it, getting stuck on the final fight which really requires you to play well and get lucky - you have to really hold onto your health while being attacked by all the previous bosses and their minions in succession. I guess I could have persisted, but you have to start from the very beginning each time, so I decided it wasn't worth my time. Worth coming back to occasionally however and I hope they can expand on this game in its successor which I believe is under development."
76561198138207634,Recommended,266510,31801074,Posted: 17 May,all,Evildrfrog,"Hand of Fate is an excellent card-based roguelike.  I was drawn into it by the great art design and the mechanics of the game kept me.  It's fun, furious, sometimes frustrating: you're in it to defeat ""the dealer"" and he sure makes life hard for you as the game goes on!"
,Recommended,266510,31806163,Posted: 17 May,all,Kindred374,Heros meet MTG
76561198069952997,Recommended,266510,31815007,Posted: 17 May,all,Macewindow54,"This is a good game, very responcive and able to keep you interested long after you beat it once!!"
,Recommended,266510,31814621,Posted: 17 May,all,Scruzzer,This game should be ported to VR. It would be amazing.
,Recommended,266510,31859703,Posted: 20 May,all,steminSemen,Nice Concept but fighting gets repetitive after a while.
76561197999423205,Recommended,266510,31990429,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,Roguelike with cards! Very cool idea
,Recommended,266510,32039951,Posted: 29 May,all,kkk,"Though I've only played a couple of hours of this game, but have to admit that the concept is quite refreshing. The game reminds me of a DND tabletop style RPG game with dungeon crawler fight mechanics (plus the card theme is a nice touch).  I would recommend this game for people who are into indie games and dungeon crawlers."
,Recommended,266510,32037893,Posted: 29 May,all,кошкаのgloves最高,"稳如老司机 黑如大酋长 残如没键盘 还是很好玩~It saysplaying it just like i'm experiencedbad luck just like i can never succeedin fact what i did is just like playing it without keyboardso although i'm a noob, it's an interesting and funny gamejolly good"
,Recommended,266510,27537580,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elzars,The fortune teller is fantastic is create a sense of immersion that is not seen too often these days. A very good roguelike and have a great but short story.
,Recommended,266510,27575219,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,「Shiro」,This is really epic!
,Recommended,266510,27517480,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LeLennart,"A boardgame based on cards, buildung decks and dark souls like combat. Add own challenges and an endless mode: DONE!"
76561198104881836,Recommended,266510,27493114,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Headrunner,Love the twist of playstyles incorporated into the game. The switch between tabletop and 3rd person action is really cool.
76561198262961572,Recommended,266510,31847529,Posted: 19 May,all,八定清,amazing！
76561197964957305,Recommended,266510,31629323,Posted: 8 May,all,Burn in heaven,"I love this game you fight like arkham batman, the game follows a small simple path of cards that turn over when you move. ou have food money, you can be blessed or cursed meaning they giving you perpanet stats effects like hit harder, or lose money every move  you make. i really liked this game and im sure youll get more out of it then what its selling for"
,Recommended,266510,31742961,Posted: 14 May,all,Face-Down Trap Card,"This game lacks only two things: auto-battle ('cause sometimes it gets too much annoying. Don't get me wrong, combat system is simple - just press right buttons in right time) and modding support (I mean full mod support. I know that any unity game can be modded with new textures due it's nature)."
,Recommended,266510,31760569,Posted: 14 May,all,Magical Trevor,"This is handsdown the best game I've played in a long long time. Great story telling, great visuals, great voice acting. I love the concept marrying a fighter style game with a card game / game of fate. I can't wait to see where this goes. I highly recommend this game."
76561198008031572,Recommended,266510,31713535,Posted: 12 May,all,M2BADD,A compelling and unique storytelling game.
76561198017085803,Recommended,266510,31737267,Posted: 13 May,all,KmKzi laughing_goat,Highly recommend checking out Hand of Fate!Great priceGreat orignal game format/content.Interesting stories/cards/stratagies/with abit of real time action mixed in.Reminds me of old pick a path books but with alot more features.
76561198388233053,Recommended,266510,31736817,Posted: 13 May,all,razdog2011,A good start to a game that I've been waiting to play for a while.
76561198213929501,Recommended,266510,31739624,Posted: 13 May,all,Taric Demon,"Anyway,Thank you for your love. The game loves it ;)"
,Recommended,266510,31748557,Posted: 14 May,all,天山静音,虽然想说支持本地化，但是能不能至少给我一个选择英文语音和中文字幕的机会
76561198075714243,Recommended,266510,32464220,Posted: 15 June,all,phillip28749,"A special gameplay exp combining fighting and card element together, which make this game very interesting. 10/10"
,Recommended,266510,32444743,Posted: 15 June,all,Dat Gai,"This game gives you something to look forward to each time you play.From earning more cards to add to your deck, to making your own variety of cards by building your own deck with the cards you have earned.Each step is always filled with anticipation. 'Am i going to get ambushed?' or 'I have so much gold! I hope i land on a shop next.'10/10 this game is so addicting someone save me i have so many projects to do but I'm only just getting started on this game."
76561198058314186,Recommended,266510,33275381,Posted: 5 July,all,Pizza_smoke,An amazing combonation of traditional table-top gaming and real time RPGs. If you are a fan of traditional RPGs and TCGs this is the game for you. I can't recomend it enough. Hours of quest and deck building fun.
,Recommended,266510,33278389,Posted: 5 July,all,Queen,"new way to play a card game and rpg, it's strangely relaxing for me,"
76561198015036076,Recommended,266510,33216925,Posted: 3 July,all,Dalquist,Cool concept and presentation. Great game.
76561198035872304,Recommended,266510,33285518,Posted: 5 July,all,Fraktar,"Very unique and pretty fun. There's a lot of randomness, which I was worried about since I don't like randomness, but you have some control over it by choosing which encounters and equipment are available in each round of the story mode.Advancing through the card's storylines each run to unlock more cards for the next run is very satisfying."
76561198058493177,Recommended,266510,33405708,Posted: 9 July,all,Ephinox,YES!
76561198254315382,Recommended,266510,33388175,Posted: 8 July,all,TheMM420,"If the hitboxes didn't turn into absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥on the last 3 levels, I would probably have much more fun"
76561197980156403,Recommended,266510,33078468,Posted: 1 July,all,Csta,"I'd been waiting to buy this game for quite a while. I finally got it on sale for $5. Well worth the wait! Great game! The voice acting is excellent. The script-writing is better than I've seen in a game for quite some time. The music is phenomenal. The gameplay is thrilling, playing through an ever-growing tarot-like deck of cards to determine your encounters in a high fantasy setting. It's just a very well-done game all around.--------------------------------------------------------Addendum: I've read other reviews where people complained about it getting too hard at the end. I have now experienced that. I don't mind games getting hard at the end. That's how they're suppose to function. But something about this instance feels like it really slows down your momentum that you've built up throughout the game. I think it's the game's only flaw. Whelp, guess it's time to go back at it and keep trying... Oh, so I had to knock off a point from my rating because of this. Bummer. :(       9/10"
,Recommended,266510,30165381,Posted: 25 February,all,Sendokami,A great game. The rougelike elements are fun and fair. You never feel like the game is pulling a fast one on you.
,Recommended,266510,30242631,Posted: 28 February,all,[S1N]Desolate Death,I was looking for some online TCGs and found this little gem. Less of a TCG and more of an action rpg. You pick a card and either have an event or battle. Rather enjoyed the game.
76561198012272411,Recommended,266510,30253106,Posted: 28 February,all,sadads,"One of the most clever games that I have bought on Steam, Definitely a good buy."
,Recommended,266510,31101921,Posted: 12 April,all,Cross Kamui,"Game has two modes:Story mode (you fight your way through a set o bosses)Endless mode (you fight and die for no reason)PRO:- Tarot card concept- Nice and unique illustrations- Well thought world and detailed story- Animated board game style- Dealer has a lot of dialogues, which are unique and well voice-acted- Blessing and curse cards shape your fate and contribute to a dynamic difficulty- The game is coherent, there are several good ideas, which contribute to deliver a great experience- Your decisions may have a great impact on your futureCONTRA:- There may be some unbalanced situations- Reading the encounter text and listening to the dealer in the same time can be disturbing after a while (dealer should shut up sometimes :D) - Settings, voice volume can be turned down thankfully- After replaying certain levels, the player has to listen to the lengthy comments of the dealer (usually after chalice/scepter/disk/dagger is unlocked)- Achievements will require you some HEAVY grinding which may kill the adventurous spiritThis game is a rare gem. You should get it, and play it!Be prepared that after mid-game your hand will not be held anymore - even if you have the impression of it - and you may be beaten really hard.Furthermore, there are some issues (they don't happen often, which is good):High Success: -50% Max health on Level 21 Endless, Sunken TreasureHigh Success: -15 Max health Secret Society (still on Endless)Devs, if you have the time and some spare resources, please fix these issues. This game may become a legend and one where players will be returning even after long years!"
,Recommended,266510,30363194,Posted: 6 March,all,pesnt,"An alright game but the fighting is very basic and overall due to the large quantity of fighting it becomes boring quickly.In terms of everything else, the game is very well made, it's a very subjective game, some people will fall in love, others will not. In my case I was unlucky enough to be the not side, however, that doesn't mean I don't believe this is a fantastically well made game. And for that reason alone, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,266510,11161650,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Capitos,I originally did not recommend this title. I have changed my mind.
76561198005846873,Recommended,266510,26325142,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ShadowTemplar59,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNgXyyczBZEHand of Fate is at it's very essence is a 3D card game with some basic combat elements. You swap cards in and out to build a better deck so you can fight the bosses at the end of each run. What separate it from it's card brethren like Hearthstone is in Hand of Fate everything is a card. From encounters, events, enemies, and the bosses themselves are cards. On top of these cards the dealer himself has a deck which along with your cards are than arrayed on the table in different configurations, and the match up of the two decks serves as the game's board. As you move along the board the dealer also serves as the narrator and draws you into the experience. I only wish the story wasn't paper thin, but it is serviceable. The only major fault I have with this game is it's combat system. How it works is when you land on a card that isn't either gain gold, health, food ect, or lose gold, health, food ect. A 3D world is generated with your generic character and whatever armor and weapons cards you have happened to pick up. There is nothing inherently wrong with this system, but compared to the deck build aspects this part is a let down. All and all I would highly recommend this to people who are fans are cards games, or those looking to try a new and interesting game"
,Recommended,266510,29215221,Posted: 12 January,all,Enyetahip,"If there is any on-a-whim steam purchase that is my favorite, it'd go to Hand of Fate. I really great game that I don't think gets enough attention. It's got great atmosphere, strategic gameplay, a good difficulty curve, and while the combat can be a little hard to control, if you've ever played any Arkham game you'll have no trouble(Keyboard/Mouse or controller.)"
,Recommended,266510,29217335,Posted: 12 January,all,bdhamp,"This is a truly original game, combining the best aspects of classic deckbuilding and action combat that, best of all, doesn't try to squeeze your pockets to fully experience the game."
,Recommended,266510,29190754,Posted: 11 January,all,My_Monkey_Balls,"The game is quite good overall as a roguelike action-rpg, has a satisfying difficulty curve development that keeps you hooked.However, I was quite disappointed on how the cards is a purely stethic aspect. The deck and the cards makes a platform for level development, but it doesn't give any feeling that you could actually be playing them.If you like traditional card games and got your attention on this, pay no mind for it cause it doesn't reflect a card game in any way.6.5/10"
,Recommended,266510,29172733,Posted: 10 January,all,AngryCrusader,"This game is a hidden gem. One of the most unique games I got a hold of. Remember when you used to play Yu-Gi-Oh back in the day and you imagined the characters and monsters on the cards fought each other? This game does exactly that. You're playing a card game of life and death with a mysterious man that calls himself ''The Dealer''. You're an adventurer, and the cards you draw shape your adventure and ultimately your fate. The game mostly consists of dialogue choices, but there are also combat events. And boy, aren't those fun. The combat is basically the same as the Batman Arkham series, so yeah it is pretty badass and fluid. Definitely deserves it's full price tag, a steal on sale."
,Recommended,266510,29170565,Posted: 10 January,all,Jovy9,'Ah... one more for the game'Aside from the game's brilliant concept and design I particularly like the quotes. The dealer's voice has made this game even more enjoyable.
,Recommended,266510,29268886,Posted: 15 January,all,WyldGambit,"This game boasts a ton of replayability, espeically with its very cheap DLC expansion that adds character classes.  I've currently sunk twenty hours playing Hand of Fate and have only just started to scratch the surface of the many free 'quest' missions in the the game, and still have not finished the main 'story'.The game is wonderfully voice acted and the music is quite iconic; a very good quality indy game.  I eagerly await the sequel!"
,Recommended,266510,29433006,Posted: 22 January,all,ZëL,"This game is absolutely charming, is very well made and innovative and an absolute pleasure to play.The gameplay is really unique, since everything you do, from your health, to your food, to your inventory, to the adventures you have to complete, is represented by cards. You ""craft"" the encouters for your adventure by building your own deck, but you absolutely don't have to like card games to enjoy this one. This gives the game a really distinct look and charm, while also being a system to add replayability and a choose-your-own-adventure vibe.When you enter the combat, the whole game transform into an action RPG, with WASD + mouse controls to move and attack monsters. The equipment you have found during your journey in the card game will transform into real weapons and armors. The combat encounters lasts for a mere 1-2 minutes on average (excluding boss encounters). I have to say that this part of the game seems a bit out of place, the main fault being the spamminess of the attacks, which don't look like they carry lots of weight. It is not my favourite part of the game at all, but it can be enjoyable nonetheless.The encounters are really varied, some are luck-based, some may require combat, some advance the story a little. There are really lots of them, from the simplest dialogue-based ones, to events having multiple possible outcomes. Most encounters form an arc, spanning multiple encounters and playthroughs to reach the end of the narrative. Some events, if kept in the deck, can become a bit stale and repetitive, of course, since the outcome of an event is scripted (at most depending by 1 or more luck/skill based card draws, or a combat encounter), but they can be swapped out for other cards to keep the game fresh and enjoyable.The DLC Wildcards, which I got for free during a promotion, adds even more events, on average more complex than the base game ones.  It also adds talents to the player, which change a bit the way of playing. You have to choose one talent before starting your next adventure, with can increase/decrease the combat proficiency, the speed of cards in the card draw minigame, the health and damage of the monsters etc. I find that the DLC increases exponentionally the replayability of the game. The only thing I didn't like of DLC (up until now, at least) was the Goblin Hall event series, which have the player try to reach the end of a little maze filled with traps: since the game was not made for a platformer, avoiding traps and obstacles is way more cumbersome than needed, making that section a little frustrating. Except for this, I recommend getting the DLC for this game, for the replayability and variations it adds.Huge props for the card dealer, which makes the game really interesting and fascinating.Overall I find this to be a really great gem of a game, I absolutely recommend this to everyone.Looking forward for the sequel!"
,Recommended,266510,29452912,Posted: 23 January,all,Pyrgos,"I have loved and hated this game. Well, I still do. Both.You love it because you can feel when you are rewarded. It's meaningful, and you worked hard for it. And you hate it because it can be unforgiving and crush you when you least expect. And I found that this relation love-hate is what keeps me getting back to it. It's as if I need a daily fix of card dealing.I was totally seduced by Hand of Fate, and I keep repeating to myself that I should have gotten it sooner."
76561198007812404,Recommended,266510,30970609,Posted: 5 April,all,Aquarius,"I love this game, Still have not been able to beat the final boss, but the addition of the different scenarios, as well as the free dlc was a huge boost to the game; It gives a huge plethora of scenarios room to play out.There are rumblings of a Hand of Fate 2, coming soon, but as this game stands, it is a great spin on a dungeon-like game with great bosses and enemies, with a bit of story thrown in as well"
76561198025612064,Recommended,266510,28071432,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Monochrome,"A simple game with a simple premise. What elevates the game above its humble gameplay is the antagonist. At times condescending, he offers grudging respect while spurring the player on to further adventures. Perfect for wasting time, since it can be enjoyed in 20-minute chunks, while still making progress."
76561198258635840,Recommended,266510,27966141,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ChrisVsa,"I have so much fun with this game. When I am playing Hand of Fate, I feel extremely excited! It is an interest game. Everyone should try this game"
76561197960830998,Recommended,266510,28776130,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,-=DVF=-De-Guvnor,"This is an excellent title, please pay no attention to the played time, I ploughed around 50 hours into the Xbox One version, as it came free with games with gold.I bought this to repay the dev ; and leave a review.This is an adventure card game, in the style of old school D&D - with 3d arcade combat elements and chance and luck games.The combat elements are similar to the Batman games, dodge, counter, roll , combo attacks etc.The game develops really well and is tough but not unfairly so (until perhaps the final game , but no spoilers.the last battle is tough).Pros:1. Great value2. Good Combat mechanics3. Good storytelling and card mechanics4. Quite a unique game style, feels fresh.5. Endless mode keeps it going forever!Cons:1. Random number generation / luck of draw with cards can royally ruin a good run!2. Final battle is tough, perhaps unfairly so at times.3. music can be a little repetitive.Overall I'd 8/10 this one."
,Recommended,266510,31364116,Posted: 25 April,all,Slay,"Incredible fun, incredibly immersive atmosphere I simply get absorbed in, and makes me look forward to everytime I get to play it in the future, and sad when I realize how little time I have had lately.Try it, and enjoy."
76561197986061962,Recommended,266510,31374638,Posted: 26 April,all,TrashMan,"Great little game.This isn't AAA so keep that in mind. People are complaining about the combat, it's the combat from the Batman series of games (very close but without the complexity.) Thumbs up from me. I love the narrator but he is brash, arrogant and confident - so can see how some will find him irritating...I’m spending most my time wondering if my avatar is dying on a battlefield somewhere and the narrator is Death – this being the game for my life.The idea of the cards and random creation of the dungeons is just great – plays like the Ian Livingstone adventure books?I don’t play it non-stop? Dip in, play an adventure and then go do something else. I can see how playing this game for 4 hours straight and the repetitiveness of the cards and narrator’s saying would grate… But, for £5? And hopefully by supporting this kind of game we’ll see more of them? Gets my full support.Nice one devs, and yes, can see your working on Hand of Fate 2 and I’m sure that will hit my steam library soon enough."
76561198013076071,Recommended,266510,31368733,Posted: 25 April,all,lordcirth,"Nice RPG, interesting mechanics.  The combat instances are simple but decent."
76561197970525683,Recommended,266510,31384013,Posted: 26 April,all,Berty,"Bought this for £5, pleasantly suprised by just how much I'm enjoying it.  It's short and easy, but the combat is entertaining and each small side-adventure makes each play through compelling.If you enjoyed FTL then chances are you'll enjoy this, although it's no way near as difficult."
76561198123563657,Recommended,266510,31384880,Posted: 26 April,all,white cracka,The only thing I don't like is there's no multiplayer.
76561198026730506,Recommended,266510,31384732,Posted: 26 April,all,CicerNO,"Not particularly difficult, but it's interesting and cool, and I'm enjoying it a lot. If you enjoy games like FTL or Darkest Dungeon, but you don't enjoy dying constantly, I would recommend this heartily."
,Recommended,266510,31397964,Posted: 27 April,all,Turbs,"Fun game implementing a clever card, strategy, and hack n' slash mechanics."
,Recommended,266510,31398180,Posted: 27 April,all,BeansWater,"This is a really neat concept, and I've like what I've played so far. You play the game, win the round, and get more cards - cards are encounters and quests which will dictate what your next play is like.Your first three games you'll think ""These are all identical"" and you'll be right, because you haven't earned enough cards to really mix it up yet. Eventually you'll have more encounter cards than you can possibly play in one round and each round is wildly different.Combat is ok, it's neat to see your cards made into equipment on a model. The Arkham Knight combat style works and isn't too hard, especially if you're managing your powers and got lucky with equipment.The voice acting is what really hooks me, each time you see a new card you get a little line about it. Some cards and stories have more speech than others and some even repeated cards the GM has new lines each time.If the idea of playing an RPG card game with 3D combat played out in real time sounds interesting you should definitely give this a shot"
76561198079098785,Recommended,266510,31370621,Posted: 25 April,all,CrusaderDogger,From what i played the game is very fun and has a thick immersive atmosphere. If you like card games and older school RPGs you will really like this game. There is alot of content for the price
76561198070871527,Recommended,266510,31841766,Posted: 19 May,all,Chewing Chewbacca,The originality of Hands of Fate is breathtaking. It's gameplay and storytelling are unique and provides a great replayability.This game also brings that exciting sensation typical of pen and paper RPGs.
,Recommended,266510,33011787,Posted: 29 June,all,shakamaca,"I only have an hour or so into this at this time.But I really enjoy this game.I play a deck at a time.I suck at knowing what the cards does so I use the recommended deck build function.It feels like meeting an old friend, listening to that wizard guy throwing his cards and tokens around.I hope to kill him in the end."
76561198062400791,Recommended,266510,33014082,Posted: 29 June,all,Khrovax,"Great game, lots of replay and good gameplay.10/10."
,Recommended,266510,22325352,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,HappyHappyGameGame,"7.5/10 HAPPYHAPPYGAMEGAME REVIEW: Hand of FateI love the way this game unfolds.  There is some mystery, the game fairly unique, but with familiar elements.  The combat is very similar to Batman, but not quite as sharp or difficult.  Still you've got an attractive environment, and lots of replay potential.  For me, it's the narrator's voice that really keeps me into this game.  They did this part really well.  If there is one major drawback, it's the card choice shuffling method.  They way they shuffle cards on screen you can only track the top card.  If they did any other kind of 3 card monte routines, you'd at least have a chance to follow.  So that part could have some skill but is basically a random guessing game.  I'm not the first review to notice. this.I'm not really into the card style games, but I really enjoyed this one, so that's a big win as far as I'm concerned.  I would be interested in some expanded content for this game.  More outcomes would be appreciated, and some new card shuffling routines.  Otherwise it's quite beautiful and fun, and I'm totally expecting a killer sequel.This game will make a wonderful addition to your Steam Library.  If you enjoyed the combat in Batman, and card based DnD RPGs, then this is perfect for you.  And I think you'll agree, the narrator is the icing on the cake that makes it all work."
,Recommended,266510,33313189,Posted: 6 July,all,semaJames,"Its not perfect, but its definitely enjoyable. Glad I picked it up. I find myself looking forward to playing it."
,Recommended,266510,33160549,Posted: 2 July,all,falling.letters,"Only 2 hours in, but a fun rogue-like type of game."
76561198028739648,Recommended,266510,33164509,Posted: 2 July,all,Plasma_Mullet,"It's surprisingly a very good game. it has all that ""indie"" charm. fresh ideas, interesting concepts. And the overall look and feel of the game is very inspiring. 5/7 will recommend to anyone I know"
,Recommended,266510,15423244,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chrisdovah,Its good
76561198042266287,Recommended,266510,33115922,Posted: 1 July,all,cynaak_888,"Very Fun game, I couldn't stop playing :)If you like deck building games & dongeon exploring games you will like that game : a lot !I give that game 10/10 for the mechanics and the gameplayGraphics are not up to date though 7/10Definitely worth the money and the DLC"
76561198023197826,Recommended,266510,33116378,Posted: 1 July,all,furl,"Very original game, interesting and detailed. I particularly like the narrative."
76561198122813079,Recommended,266510,33118078,Posted: 1 July,all,Kappa,Nice and creative game
,Recommended,266510,33063376,Posted: 30 June,all,Spart,Worth every penny.
76561198051478401,Recommended,266510,33051314,Posted: 30 June,all,Literally Cancer,"I love this game and would recommend this to anyone without a second thought. The game succesfully mixes a card game with short periods of actual 3D battle. The cards can be swapped out before the game begins so that the encounters that happen in game will always be different. This game reminds me a lot of the board game, Betrayel at House on Hill in the sense that you never know how the game is going to go but it will always be entertaining. Another plus is that the difficulty of the game can be easily manipulated so that a player of any skill level can enjoy this game. I'd highly recommend this game if you want to get lost in a quick interactive story."
76561197972409186,Recommended,266510,33667148,Posted: 20 July,all,Sternn,"A nicely polished piece of work that provides a great combination of card and RPG real-time action with fluidity.* Definitely provides hours of replay (in whole or a particular adventure) if for nothing else, to build up your deck and be able to conquer the next level!* Regretfully it does not offer a multiplayer experience.* Nice to see expansion soon after I purchased it.* Recommend: waiting for a sale price closer to $10 for bundle-package of a SP game like this. Very worth it."
76561198052284021,Recommended,266510,33698357,Posted: 21 July,all,An Ao Rong,"Perhaps one of the best, if not the best choose-your-own-adventure type games. It offers a truly unique experience which is a rare quality these days and is worth every penny."
,Recommended,266510,33691577,Posted: 21 July,all,Rammsteniako,"Nice mix of a game, although the fights are limited :C 8/10"
76561198272650381,Recommended,266510,33708547,Posted: 21 July,all,Flexhorn,I love this game.:)
76561198004413401,Recommended,266510,33729702,Posted: 22 July,all,[HN],Pretty fun and with a surprisingly deep replayability.
,Recommended,266510,33730853,Posted: 22 July,all,Ocelot,"I played this game for a while a while back, it was pretty fun. It's really 'short' though. It's pretty hard to lose in it unless you make a lot of really bad management choices in a row. So that makes the game feel even shorter because you're just breezing through all of the 'bosses.' The combat is really simple, just mash everything and if someone is going to hit you at any point just press the ""don't hit me"" button and they won't hit you, you can then go back to mashing to kill everything.Overall I really like the concept for this, if they somehow made it multiplayer so that it would be like a mini 1v1 D&D type game or even more crazy have it be a full 4-6 Vs 1 game. That'd blow me out of the water for sure and I'd buy 10 copies for people even though the combat system is really basic. It'd just be a lot of fun to make campaigns for people and see how they do and also run other peoples campaigns. Also if they made a way to have community campaigns where if someone makes some good ones for 1-6 players you can download their pack and give it a go, I think that'd be a lot of fun."
,Recommended,266510,33773453,Posted: 24 July,all,Murmudamus,"This is truly a hidden gem. One of the most original games I have played. If you want something that isnt the same as all the other RPG's, give this one a try. The sheer amount of variable game paths... AMAZING. Still playing this and finding new things all the time."
,Recommended,266510,33897966,Posted: 29 July,all,draconum_domini,"This game is awesome! It's the perfect game to play in loading screens, or just a relaxing time. The game is beautiful during the combat, and the feel of the dungeons and choices are new everytime, despite the customization of the deck. Love the game!"
,Recommended,266510,34097757,Posted: 8 August,all,noblekale,"This game is well polished, features a wide range of content and pretty fun.There's also an option to turn off the spider that wanders across the desk, which is really good for some folks."
76561198006576754,Recommended,266510,34168113,Posted: 11 August,all,XombieRocker,"This is a well made game with great gameplay, a unique setup, and a sarcastic dealer. The game mixes chance with skill, as you draw cards for encounters, weapons, and enemies. You will never have the same run twice. The game moves seamlessly from tabletop card-game to third-person brawler.There are multiple side stories and quests that are both entertaining and interesting. You really feel like you are unlocking a story as you complete each challenge. This helped by the top-notch voice work from the dealer, who accompanies you through the whole game.There is lots of strategy in how you build your deck and how you utilize the cards in-game.Only complaint is the camera. You can't control it and sometimes it gets you killed."
,Recommended,266510,34558263,Posted: 28 August,all,Wolfmaster,"I bought this game and its expansion ""Wildcards"" on a sale yesterday and I'm enjoying it a lot. It's a roguelike that's kind of a mix between a card game and an RPG. I'm not usually a huge fan of card games in general but this game works differently, the deck of cards contains both equipment and such for you, and the encounters, locations, and games of chance for you to experience throughout your adventure. It plays a lot with the concept of using a deck of playing cards to represent each aspect of the game, with different types of enemies being represented as ""suits"". Even your character is represented as a tabletop miniature, moving between cards making up the layout of the current leg of your journey.When you get into an encounter the playing table changes into a small arena where you engage in combat with enemies drawn as cards in real time from a third-person perspective, effectively becoming an action game for the duration of the encounter. The combat mechanics are simple but well-done. As a game on their own they'd probably get stale before long, but when used to shake things up from the text-based gameplay that serves as the game's backbone the're quite fun, and just might have you on the edge of your seat.The whole thing is narrated by the guy dealing the cards, who is voice acted very well and rarely feels repetitive. His commentary and conversation really sets the tone for the game, and while you're naturally aware that he is simply a character model and collection of voice lines he is dynamic enough that his speech always feels relevant to what's happening. I wouldn't go so far as to say that he feels like a real person, but he definitely feels like a solid character and I find his presentation quite immersive.Initially I was a little worried that the game was feeling a bit easy and moving by too quickly, but with every victory the dealer ramps up the difficulty a little, and now each attempt is truly a challenge. Each time you succeed in a new challenge you'll win ""tokens"" from the dealer which will reward you with new cards for your deck, which you have the option of customizing before you start your next adventure. I know that makes this sound like I'm setting up to talk about microtransactions, but this game is entirely free of them, which is quite refreshing. The tokens the dealer wagers on your success are merely part of the game's progression mechanics, untainted by the modern game industry's intent to milk your wallet dry.I can vouch that the Wildcards expansion adds a lot of extra depth to it, by changing your starting conditions and adding specific quests for the path you've chosen, so if you've got a few extra dollars grab that too. I bought it on sale for cheap of course, but if you're buying this game full price I'd say buy the game first and then grab Wildcards if you like what you've already got and want to make the game more interesting.In short, Hand of Fate earns a solid recommendation from me.http://store.steampowered.com/app/266510/Hand_of_Fate/"
76561198143774290,Recommended,266510,34557742,Posted: 28 August,all,Lichformed,"Okay so this is a game where two hours of gametime gives you enough to review it.What is Hands of Fate?Hands of Fate is a videogame based on the old tabletop RPG's you played with your friends, much like Dungeons and Dragons, but this time the gameplay is mixed with cool deck building and your playmate wants to kill you.How do you play Hands of Fate?HoF isn't a one big story, it's a series of random mini dungeons the Dealer makes for you, the first dungeons are about two floors, and it becomes really huge quickly. The big dungeons consist of long side quests or one time events, all of them are engaging and tell a nice story. Also the Dealer, your new best frenemy gives you a good chitchat and will talk all kinds of fun things on your journey and your actions.You have three decks, equipment, encounters and monsters.The Dealer makes the floors of the dungeons by placing down random encounter cards from your deck, so you can make the game easier or harder by fiddling with the deck, but new ""packs"" are earned by doing new and increasingly harder encounters.A battle encounter makes the Dealer draw cards from his monster deck, with luck your fights will be easy, but in average they can be kinda hard. The battling system is much like the fights in the Batman series or Shadow of Mordor, though they are not the main point of the game, so if you don't like the RPG experience you'll not enjoy the game only for it's fights, but they do reward people with skill, so a good player will be good even though the game is mostly RNG.Would I enjoy Hands of Fate?The game is diverse, but if you mainly enjoy a good written story and continuous dungeon crawling this will be right your alley, the game will teach you to play the fights, but if you areREALLY BADat the arkham style combat you will die, a lot.But if you're good at the fights, you will be able to win a fight against 12 enemies even if you've been already punished. So it's a really rewarding and fun experience if you can adapt to the RNG modifiers.Do I recommend it? Yes I do, it's awesome, well written and good looking."
,Recommended,266510,34582927,Posted: 29 August,all,Did It Hurt?,"Amazing game, very smooth game play, difficulty does not spark rage. I had been searching for a card game like this for a long time, finally found this game!"
,Recommended,266510,34582115,Posted: 29 August,all,bnz0,the dark souls of card games
,Recommended,266510,34596409,Posted: 29 August,all,Quality Anime,"Its a rougelite, dnd, deck gameplay hybrid and I love it"
,Recommended,266510,13642775,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,sparkelyfox,"Hand Of Fate? Easily one of the best games of 2014, this game meets every single thing on the quota for making a good game and more! I could easily play this game for the rest of my life. The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is more addictive than drugs and the music and SFX if astonishing. Though, I would love some DLC or maybe some extra content! :)"
,Recommended,266510,34608928,Posted: 30 August,all,Kamerifukashi,"Want to feel like a ""monster"" YU-GI-OH? Try this game."
,Recommended,266510,34575227,Posted: 29 August,all,Vento Uivante,A truly unique experience!Only comparable to Flamebreak.
76561198045998891,Recommended,266510,34542826,Posted: 27 August,all,eagles3773,"Very fun and very unique game. Lots of options to play to give a fresh and challenging experience every time. Bought it at full price with no regrets. Almost 30 hours into the game and I could easily get another 20 hours of playtime, just busy with real life stuff and I just dont play as many games as I used to."
76561198205942973,Recommended,266510,34558822,Posted: 28 August,all,DSmith,"This is a simple game, with simple mechanics and I have a simple opinion. If you are even remotely interested because of the RPG element, the Role Playing aspect, the music, the Choices in the Video, various skill challenges...BUYTHISGAMEThis♥♥♥♥♥♥is quality, I bought it at full price and it is worth every penny. The Additional content also helps and is pretty fun, but not neccesary in the least. So don't feel obligated but do give it some serious thought.I want more from these guys, and that's saying alot given my collection, free time, and various other circumstances. Hell even more DLC would be cool but I kind of want to see what else they can do."
,Recommended,266510,34572574,Posted: 29 August,all,Sphinx,Def. an interesting game. I for one am not into card games or this style of combat however the game is fun because its a nice blend of RNG from the cars and you can make up for your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ luck with combat skill.Beat a whole group of bandits with 4 health after almost starving and then got a food card for winning. Those rounds are what make it fun.
76561198033885684,Recommended,266510,34572728,Posted: 29 August,all,BXX. BackPain,"I want to delete the game every time it says 'huge failure'.  The sarcastic dealer makes it more frustrating.""Oh~""Good game for those who have nerves of steel, or super lucky guys."
76561198063569157,Recommended,266510,34378682,Posted: 20 August,all,RunningMonkey,So the game may seem a little weird but it effectively combines multiple world. It's a deckbuilder and a 3rd person fighting arena and an RPG (like character gear and such) all rolled into one.The controls feel natural and work well with what you're trying to do. Some fights get frustrating but more often than not that's because of poor equipment or literal luck of the draw. The story centers around what your character did previously as he's now set at the table with the Dealer. So through the card game you get to learn/write what kind of person you were up to this point. The subtle story I was talking about is there here and now between you and the Dealer. Pay special attention to your environment and enjoy the ride. It's a good one
76561198273199145,Recommended,266510,34757452,Posted: 5 September,all,Endershroomer,This game is the perfect example of something that's more than the sum of its parts.
76561197970475627,Recommended,266510,34692699,Posted: 2 September,all,Paddy Irishman,A very well thought out game. I didn't think the RNG element was too unfair like other people stated in their comments. Quite a unique rogue-like.
,Recommended,266510,34648446,Posted: 31 August,all,Impretzive,"Its fun me.  Picked it up at 75% off.  The combat is pretty simple, but its the storytelling aspect of each round that I really like."
,Not Recommended,266510,34676729,Posted: 1 September,all,3footrazor,"The controls are too sluggish to really enjoy the combat.  The concept is great, but I'm very happy I bought this on sale instead of full price."
,Recommended,266510,34677330,Posted: 1 September,all,alph486,"This ain't no simple deckbuilding game made digital. This game is fantastically well executed with attention to detail. For me, not even just due to the deck building gameplay itself. It's the little things: the artwork and sound fx / music are great. The story telling vignettes are immersive and extremely well written. The voice overs are top notch, and very well placed!If it makes sense, I actually like the ""feel"" of being in the room, all the tokens and cards, sounds and images, and the high fantasy immersion more than just the deck building game component. Buy it."
,Recommended,266510,34729369,Posted: 4 September,all,PSRDirector,"A fun unique twist on the RPG game, I just started playing but so far been a real blast and a unique way of playing"
,Recommended,266510,14006838,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Trublade,"Hand of Fate is a beautiful fantasy action card game with great voice acting, I played this game in the beta and enjoyed everything about it. If you want to see this game in action watch the video below.https://vimeo.com/232285444"
76561198014985104,Recommended,266510,34825831,Posted: 8 September,all,priority7,This game brought my hair back and made my♥♥♥♥♥♥bigger. 10/10
76561198066932779,Recommended,266510,34848144,Posted: 9 September,all,[OWND] MyBalls,"very addictive and fun game. Unique atmosphere.""Sitting at the table playing a game, that sitting at the table and playing a game.""It is a MUST BUY."
76561197992229015,Recommended,266510,34908312,Posted: 12 September,all,Dire,"My god, was I torn between a good and a bad review. Why, you ask? Because of the final ""boss"". Hand of Fate challenges you to defeat 12 regular bosses, most of which are rather easy, but still somewhat fun, but the final boss pitches all 12 bosses against you. 3 at a time. With no chance of healing in between. Fun times. Since the game is also based around chance a lot you can simply have a run in which you are pretty screwed. While - in theory - you could win that fight even with your starting equipment and 1 health, that's the same as saying DS can be beaten that way. Yes, it can be done, but 1 mistake and that's it. Back to the pit. Start all over again. Basically I was hammering away at the final boss longer than at all 12 other bosses combined. About 3-4 hours or so on normal.Now, more about the game. It's basically a card RPG with real time ""Arkham-style"" combat.The good stuff:- Great presentation and narrator. You're actually playing, well, a game of fate on a real game board against the dealer.- A ton of variety - from different quest cards you can complete to unlock new cards, to equipment cards, curses, blessings, etc. there's pretty much something for every situation. And unlocking new stuff and reading all those fun stories is what kept me going.- Bosses are all unique and at least sorta fun.- Game can be played rather quickly.- Endless mode with a lot of individual modifiers to test out.The bad stuff:- Sometimes the RNG just ♥♥♥♥s you over completely, which is ""ok"" in Endless mode, but was really annoying in story mode. For example, there are certain cards in the game, which have high requirements or require you to acquire another card in the run first, such as the metal ore and the monastery. Well, bad luck when the monastery is on a preceding floor than the ore. Then both cards are absolutely worthless.- Chance cards are terribly designed. Basically you play a game of guess the correct card with success and failure states. These cards are then shuffled in front of your eyes. If you are lucky you can spot the correct card if the game lets you. Other times you just have only 1 success card and that one is shuffled so obscurely that you can only guess. Then the game may shuffle the cards two, three or four times and increase the shuffle speed, making it just a guessing game. And ob boy, those failures can completely kill a run, but attempting these cards is vital to get new equipment or get out of a bad situation, which you could not have avoided in the first place. I just feel like the design is taunting you and makes this unnecessary. A % chance would have seemed fairer.- Trap cards are the worst. The camera is so wonky and the controls so terrible that it's hard to avoid damage in the more difficult ones. Especially when you then just stumble from one trap onto another. Fun times. And often there's not even anything to gain.- Speaking of which, cards that only have negative effects and no way of avoiding them aren't ""fun"".- Combat is extremely lackluster. You can attack, counterattack, block and dodge, as well as use a weapon ability and a character ability, if you have those. Some attacks are unblockable, some shields need to be broken to attack enemies. All very basic, but not executed well. Not only does it look terrible it also plays terribly and will be the one thing that will bore you very quickly.- About encounters: ♥♥♥♥ you for throwing me into an arena with 2 bosses, 10 mobs and lots of traps on a CHANCE encounter. On the second to last floor. Yay.Ultimately this game can be a lot of fun, but also somewhat frustrating at times, especially since you need to remember what each card does, lest you want to get cursed or lose Health or Food or Gold or Items...I'm gonna play a bit more in endless mode, but I don't see too much more long term fun to be had here."
,Recommended,266510,34924788,Posted: 13 September,all,LZ_01,"Hát baszki, ez a játék....Roguelike-szerűen nehéz és random, viszont aki a hack&slasheket szereti, is megtalálja benne a számítását.Még nem játszottam végig, de szerintem az újrajátszási faktora nagyon nagy, jódarabig installálva lesz a gépemen."
,Recommended,266510,35047206,Posted: 18 September,all,Maz,This game is honestyl so addicting and good. I love it how every run through is different and that its mainly pure chance most of the time when dealing with situations and encounters. I give this game the sticker of Maz Approval :D
76561198023082933,Recommended,266510,35093431,Posted: 20 September,all,toucanbuzz,"Unique and fascinating game in which your hero navigates dungeons (monsters, traps, and chance-based encounters) based on cards you accumulate, mixed in with random ones based on the scenario. The narrator, a master of fate, creates your dungeons by flipping over cards as you choose a path. The more advanced the scenario, the more deadly the cards he mixes in. Players can let the computer decide what's a good mix, or you can choose your own deck. You'll need chances to get equipment, health, and so on as each scenario you begin with only the basics. Also, many cards have built in quests, so when you complete those, it opens up another card in that quest line. Keeps the game fresh (even if you die, you may have made progress toward a quest line.)Death can be frustrating, you die and the entire dungeon is over. Combat is a little tricky to master as there isn't a major tutorial (and some monsters require a specific maneuver or you'll never beat them, e.g. lizard men with shields). Still, it's worth it.Finally, the narrator's voice and dialog is fantastic and really makes this game shine. It was a blast.Two Cons:-  difficulty when you get to the higher tier scenarios. They are insane-  RNG plays a huge role. In the higher tier ones, a single bad random number and you're screwed."
,Recommended,266510,35009474,Posted: 16 September,all,Studious,"This game has a lot of unique things going for it. I was pleasantly surprised and thoroughly entertained for the vast majority of the time I spent playing this game. However, some of the undercooked parts of this game really soured my final hours of play.Basically, this is what you would get if you threw a board game, a session of D&D, and the battle system from one of the Batman Arkham games in a blender. It's a surprising and unique blend of roleplay, chance and action that I haven't seen a lot of games try to replicate. But functionally when you tear things down, the game is actually quite simple. You have a row of cards, and moving uses up a unit of food. The card you land on can be anything from an event, to a battle, or a game of chance. Act heroically, or get really lucky, and you'll unlock weapons, gain gold, and other cards and events that help you along your way.As you climb your way up the ladder, beating the various bosses, you'll unlock quite a bit of loot. Your resources expand as you encounter different situations and learn what gets you rewarded and what gets you hurt, or worse: cursed. If there's one thing I can applaud this game for, is that the difficulty curb for everything but the last few bosses is buttery smooth. Bosses go from rather easy to somewhat challenging. And for the most part, I felt as though the game was being fair in its approach to difficulty. Even after the bosses start getting tough, I felt like the game was still giving me a reasonable amount of resources. I didn't die to any boss except one that has a surprising and also annoying gimmick.However... The jump in difficulty between the last few bosses to the final boss is crazy. Events and stage conditions get downright punishing; and the bonuses you are allowed are either too random to be useful, or circumstantial and weak. You quickly find that stacking random bonuses, or blessings, does little to help in general, seeing as the vast majority are situational at best. In the final stage, you are disallowed from having any of them at all. The bottom line is that you're faced with some pretty gruesome curses in the last level, some of which are run ending. To top it all off, events are now stacked against you more than ever; so aside from events that just hand you goodies, you aren't getting jack.Sprint your way to the finish on the final level, and you're greeted with... literally all of the bosses you've fought, gauntlet style. If you weren't lucky enough to outfit your character with a few good items and/or some kind of healing trinket, then there really isn't much to do about it. You get one shot at the boss, just like any other, and then you need to restart the entire run. In other games, when a bossrush is thrown at you, you can expect some sort of leniency. A way to heal, an easier way to win, or balancing so you don't get stomped. You don't get any help for this fight. Aside from some situational healing items you have a (slim) chance of getting during the run, the health you go in with is the health you'll have. What a joke.I really wish this last part of the game was better thought out, if I'm being honest. This really left a sour taste in my mouth. Some QTE and fighting all of the bosses you've already fought is all that awaits you in the final level. So, I hit my head against the wall for maybe two dozen attempts. That is, until I found out that restarting the game before you die puts you on the turn before the boss. Then I kept restarting the game when I took a few too many hits. Dodging four hit combos, teleporting attacks, ranged hits that transition into combos, etc etc. Fighting all of the bosses three at a time really isn't fun, especially when they pingpong you back and fourth between themselves. Over and over until I finally conserve enough health to make it through a particularly tough part of the fight. Enough health to brave the final attacks. Enough health to win the game. Hand of Fate ends with one garbage fire of a bossrush.This game does get punishing. Despite what the dealer says, some times you aren't left with any real options. You'll make it to the final boss and have to choose between going in with half health or starting over. You'll get crippled before you even have a chance to fight. It's really a shame. With blessings completely off the table, your options for getting more powerful are rather limited. If there was another path of progression unlocked with the final boss, like leveling up your character, or being able to bend the rules of the game the way the dealer does, then this would be balanced. I know the final boss of a game should be the hardest, but it should not be break your controller hard. And that's what it comes down to. For what its worth, this game is definitely worth a buy. I was seriously having a lot of fun before that final boss. The game presents to you a dungeon with a myriad of tiny mini adventures packed in. It's a lot of fun, just don't expect any mercy from the last level, or a satisfying conclusion."
76561197962989567,Recommended,266510,34998971,Posted: 16 September,all,Mike Lawson (Hrolthgar),"One of the best games I've played in a while. Highly recommended.Short and episodic adventures randomly generated. Hugely atmospheric. Tight graphic design and interface. Decisions that matter at every step of the game.The combat could be a little more fluid, but still very enjoyable."
76561198090054326,Recommended,266510,35077291,Posted: 19 September,all,Teemo Main (sorry),Just the first few secs of the game got me hyped to play more. I don't play many card games but this one is amazing and makes you want to play more. 9/10
,Recommended,266510,14544189,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,XartaX,"This game... Oh my, is it good. I finally finished story mode, so I feel like I can give an educated opinion now, so lets get down to the details.Hand of fate is a mixed card game and action RPG. On their own they are both average at best, but they complement and enhance each other very well.You have two decks (Sets of cards, for those not familiar with the lingo): The equipment deck and the encounter deck. The encounter deck will be used by The Dealer to construct the levels you play on, along with the cards he add himself to help and/or screw you over. These cards can be everything from a shop to buy and sell items in, to assisting (alleged) druids with their rituals. You start the game standing on a card, and you can move to any adjecent card to get closer to the boss so you can beat it and win the game. Every card is initially hidden, so you have no idea what awaits you before you move to and flip a card (certain items can reveal cards under certain conditions, though).A session consists of several levels, which are each constructed by a bunch of the encounter cards. For example 10 cards can build up a level, and one of these cards will be a travel card which lets you travel to the next level, where more cards will be used to construct it. Every encounter card can also have a golden symbol on it, which means that if you handle the encounter card in a certain way (usually defeating the monsters or getting another positive outcome), you will unlock more encounter and/or equipment cards.The equipment cards in your deck are the cards you will be able to obtain during a session. You can gain these by completing encounters in certain ways, or buying them at shops. As you complete more encounters you will, as mentioned earlier, obtain more equipment cards. This increases your potential power for each subsequent session (you start every session with basic equipment, although you can obtain better starting gear as you progress in story mode). Like the Encounter deck, the dealer can also add cards to the equipment deck.Equipment comes in seven different types: Weapons, shields, armor, helms, gloves, artifacts and trinkets (I suspect they are all rings as I haven't seen other types yet, but the category is called trinkets. Possibly for DLC down the line?). You can use one of each at a time, except for trinkets who are all active as long as you own them. Equipment can have both passive and active effects. The exception are artifacts, who only have activated abilities (they are your spells, basically).There are two different modes: Story and Endless mode. Story mode will put you up against one of the bosses of the game(SPOILER::::::The last boss forces you to fight every single boss in the game, three at once four times:::::ENDSPOILER).In story mode you'll start with certain curses and The Dealer will add certain cards himself to your different decks as mentioned earlier. Usually these will be encounter cards. It is possible to just play a story session with almost any kind of deck (as long as it's not outright terrible), but specializing your deck for the stuff The Dealer will throw at you is probably a good idea unless you're like me and put as many ""unfinished"" encounters you can into your deck to unlock more cards more quickly (warning: this will likely result in a lot of rage as you try to unlock more stuff, fail, and get screwed over for the session).I have yet to play a lot of Endless mode, as Story mode kept me occupied for a while (I've slept with my computer running the game and such, though, so take hours/played with a *grain* of salt). From what I can see, you don't get to construct your deck here (you use all your cards), and the session continues until you die. In addition every time you travel to a new level of the session the dealer will throw in more bad things you have to deal with (feel free to correct me in the comments if I'm wrong, and I'll update it. I'll play Endless mode more now that I finished Story mode myself, though). As you start without any curses, it's probably an excellent way to go for unlocking encounter cards.Speaking of curse cards. There are two kinds of cards I haven't mentioned yet: Curses and Blessings. These are persistant effects that will buff or debuff you for the duration of the session (or, rarely, until a condition is fulfilled and it fires). Examples here can be spending food to counterattack, but doubling counter attack damage (a curse), or a lightning bolt striking down one enemy at the start of each combat (a blessing). Curses are usually really expensive to get rid of (at least the ones you start with), and blessings are expensive for their cost to obtain, and have varying levels of use. You could get a blessing which won't be of any use for an entire run, or a curse you will barely notice. On the other hand, you could also get really powerful ones which will be a great boon, or completely screw you over.Whew, ok, only a few mechanics left to mention now. In addition to what's already been mentioned, you also have health, food and gold. You start with 100/100 health, and both your current and maximum health can change during the course of the run. Current health can be knocked down both by encounters, and by taking damage during combat. You spend 1 food every time you move, and if you run out of food every movement will cost you 10 health points. Gold is simply used to buy things at shops (equipment, blessings, removing curses, food, etc.). All these resources can be refilled through encounters, or purchased at different types of shops (selling in the case of gold).The combat itself is a very simple Batman ish combat system. You attack and counter attack, and can dodge roll. You can also use the activated abilities of your different items. The combat itself can feel a bit sluggish (animations are a bit slow), but the controls are VERY responsive, and I hardly ever felt like I didn't avoid something which shouldn't have hit me. Combat itself can be triggered during an encounter card, and you will draw from the dealers monster deck whenever combat has been initiated by an encounter (although what strength/kind of monsters you can draw is usually decided by the encounter card).Do I recommend this game? Hell yeah I recommend this game. It might peter out a bit after you finished the story mode and start just screwing around in endless mode (I don't know yet, although I've yet to unlock all the encounter cards), but so far it's been a LOT of fun. That said, it can be ridiculously hard towards the later story sessions (it starts out easy, though). If you don't mind the difficulty you should definitely take it for a ride. I'd be very surprised if you end up regretting it!If you didn't like something about the review, or felt some information is lacking, feel free to drop a comment! If you felt this review helped you come to an informed decision, I'd very much appreciate a helpful rating. If you felt this isn't helpful at all, you can of course vote it down, but I'd appreciate being told what you feel is wrong so I get an opportunity to change my review if your points are valid. Have fun gaming!"
76561197993167898,Recommended,266510,35352516,Posted: 30 September,all,IaReRIchaRd,fun gamecasual and easy to pick up and learn.the deck building makes things interesting.would love to see more levels and more unique weapon cards
76561198138045913,Recommended,266510,35349600,Posted: 30 September,all,CaptainSwagDaddy,"Incredible voice acting, Incredible gameplay.Its fun as ♥♥♥♥ too."
,Recommended,266510,14637678,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Neomass1,"Played more hours then steam says I have. Personally I wasnt sure what to expect, but after just a few moments of play this it's turned out  to be one of most addicting games I've played in a while. The game itself is fun, exciting, and challenging. I feel there is a lot of replay value aswell. Only downside is the control and handle of the game is a bit janky, defiantly feels like a console game, I have a feeling it will get worked out in the future. 9 out of 10."
