user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,267490,32601375,Posted: 20 June,all,coolriffz,"Okay, I have just finished the game and will evaluate it based on its merits.The Good+story is not too bad+the maps are quite lengthy and complex+metroidvania-esque+gadgets offer different ways to tackle certain bossfightsThe Bad-bossfights are disappointing, relative-loads of collectibles but lacking incentive to pursue-the entire game is based on backtracking, the objectives involve going back to areas that were previously cleared, with a minimal amount of shortcuts.-fast travel-the game's difficulty does not lie in its gameplay but rather in the frustration caused by awkward camera angles.All in all, the game is not too bad, considering the 2.5D handicap it has. However, I will have to say I would neither play new game+ nor recommend this game to any who is not a hardcore Arkham fan."
76561198006298924,Not Recommended,267490,34825757,Posted: 8 September,all,Treiden,"Let's see here.Incredibly low-res graphics. I know this is a port of a 3DS/Vita game, but if you're going to be on PC, you're going to be judged by PC standards.Clunky fighting mechanics. Despite this being a sidescroller, your attacks will go in front or behind of your opponents more often than not. Dodge mechanics are broken as well.Stealth is broken. The game offers these ""cones of sight"" so you can see where the enemy's looking and how far that goes. Yeah, don't think that's even remotely accurate. Enemies will see you even with their backs turned, and once they do see you, it's virtually impossible for you to evade their notice again. This wouldn't be so bad if they didn't make this an essential part of the game and even center a few of the boss fights around their ""stealth"". So there's that.Horrible, HORRIBLE level design. This game tries to emulate a Metroidvania type of game, but it fails miserably due to frustrating level design and generic set pieces which all look alike. The map is worse than useless and seems more like one of those optical illusions where you can't tell which way is up. About 75% of this game consists of backtracking through this cesspool of a map, so that only adds to the fun.In short, this game is in no way worth the price tag. Avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,267490,25308254,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,"Oliver""Arrow""Queen","IntroThis will be a review for the game Batman Arkham Origins BlackGate Deluxe Edition, before buying the game make sure to read this entire review(though quite long) as it may impact your decision on buying the game, to start it out lets just get right into the Pros and ConsPros-Good campaign– this game has a very long and interesting campaign that takes place after the events of Arkham Origins it feels well done but at times a bit strange, each of the main 3 villains that you have to hunt down all have a unique boss fight and a unique mini-boss, each of the bosses and mini-bosses test a Varity of skills such as predator, combat, parkcor and a mix of all of them, but the true gem of the game is the fact that depending on the order you take out bosses the game changes, meaning that every time you play you can have different experiences and endings, though in the end the campaign was fun and well worth what I spent on it-Costumes– There are a fair amount of unique skins available in this game that aren’t in any other Arkham game, like Beware The Batman, Year Zero and more, some of these are unlocked with a WB login while others are earned by collecting costume pieces across the large map, and each of these skins also have unique benefits when equipped that can really help you out when needed-Map– This is a very interesting feature that’ll appear on cons as well, but the positive is, is that the map is very large with many secrets paths and more, the map has 3 different wings in BlackGate Prison, each wing is controlled by a different mob boss Joker, Penguin, or Black Mask, and it has another part of the map the Lighthouse-Collectables– This game has a numerous amount of collectables 1 series for each mob boss and a few other collectables that give gadgets, costumes, and buffs to your character, all of these collectables are interesting some are needed to get farther in the game while most others are only for completionists-Combat– Like the other Arkham games the combat in the is basically the exact same thing just in a 2D format, it transfers pretty well and is kinda fun though you don’t get to do combat as much as I’d prefer-New Villain & Set’s Up New Story– This game introduces a new villain into the Arkham franchise Bronze Tiger and man do I really want to see more of him, now the other gem of this game is that it picks up after Arkham Origin and sets up the Suicide Squad, meaning a entire new story for a Suicide Squad game or another Arkham Origins game and I’m excited to see where they take this-Cutscenes & Voice Acting– The cutscenes in this game are pretty cool in a unique art form that makes the game look cool and different from everything else, voice acting is on point like the other games no surprise there-No Glitches– Through my experience I had a few hard crashes but other than that it wasn’t to badCons-PSVITA Port– This game mainly suffers from the fact that it’s a port from the PSVITA , the main reason its on steam is because of the fact that it didn’t sell enough on PSVITA so it was ported and everything in the game just feels ported so depending how you look it, it’s a pro or a con-Map– While its big, its pretty f*cking confusing, the map is shown in a 3 dimensonal form which looks strange and confuses you even more, navigation around the map is tiring and annoying especially going long distances, half of the time your lost or trying to find out how to get to the next objective, and like most Arkham games there are some places you can’t go until you get the gadget which makes it harder to go easier paths as you can’t yet, even after I completed the game I have almost no motivation to finish as I’m lost trying to find the rest of the collectables-Investigations– This was a good idea that just ended up being so stupid you’ll almost never finish one, the idea is that in the map if you activate your detective vision you can find clues that lead to a investigation where you get like a prize or something for completing, you pretty much never figure one out since its not marked on the map and since half of the time your lost theres almost no way to find one for a specific area-Predator– While combat seamlessly transferred over predator wasn’t so lucky, while its not as hard most of the time at some points it feels impossible like the boss fight for Penguin its waves of Predator and it got to a point where I had to memorize the patterns and took me about 30 attempts to finish it-Need Controller– This could be a positive or negative depending on who you are while I have a controller and was just fine if you don’t then either get a controller or don’t buy this game, keyboard controls are to confusing and weird to use it’s just waaaay easier when using a controller-Boring/Depressing Atmosphere– Most Arkham games have this but it’s worse in this one, after or even during the campaign it just feels boring a lot of the time and depressing, if you make far enough to beat the campaign and you’re a competionist you probably won’t even be able to get all as it’s atmosphere feels negative, boring, and depressing making you want to play a different game-Navigation– This is going to be about navigating the map, which is annoying, and hard to explain but if you play the game you’ll understand getting movements strange due to the 3D aspectFinal VerdictWhile the campaign is interesting, massively expands the Origins story, and at times very fun, but controls, maps, and other things effect the game at a pretty big level, the Final Verdict for this game is a6/10, if you’re a fan of the series it’s a must buy to extend the story, I’d go ahead and give it a shot for a unique gameplay experience that may never happen again, if your new to the Arkham series then this is a very easy pass, if the games on sale for $5 which is what I got it at make sure to get it as it’s well worth $5, I hope this review helped anyone make a decision and if it did make sure to leave a comment down below and any other games you want me to review, as always Thank you and Enjoy!!!"
76561198046224626,Recommended,267490,24715600,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,tsuprbj21,"For those people who left comments complaining about this game being a 2.5D game rather than a 3D game I just have this to say; this game was created for the Playstation Vita and Nintendo 3DS. It was never intended to play like the rest of the Arkham games. It is a port from a handheld game. Arkham Origins and Blackgate weren't even developed by Rocksteady. It's a spinoff game featuring different voice overs than the main stream Arkham games. If you can get over that this game wasn't developed by Rocksteady, or that it wasn't developed for console of PC gaming, then I say get it. If you can't, then stay away."
76561198065539546,Not Recommended,267490,12385150,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Nash益,"So at first, I didn't know what Arkham Origins - Blackgate was. I looked at some reviews and there a mix of good and bad. Alot of people said that the combat was bad, detective mode and visuals were horrible. As an arkham fan, playing arkham asylym first and enjoying it very so, I decided to give blackgate a chance and see for myself how it was after beating arkham origins.So the game takes place three monthes after Batman Arkham Origins.The basic story is you got a blackgate prison out break, and Batman is trying to stop this outbreak by gaining control of the 3 blocks the prison is divided in by bringing back power to each block. Each block is controlled by a villian. Arkham Wing - Penguin, Administration Building - The Joker, and Industrial Building - Black Mask. Note there is also Soloman Grundy, Deadshot and Catwoman in the game, and you interact with them along the way. The game offers a bit of a choice as you can kind of go after The Joker, Penguin or Black Mask in any order.This does give a new way an arkham game could work, as in all the other arkham games the order in which you chase your villians changes as the story goes on. (Side quests don't count.) There are side quests you can do in this game, but it feels a big task in doing them, and not very fun like in the other arkham games.So let me tell you some things about the combat. Me personally, I didn't find the combat bad, at times I did like it. However, it could use quite a bit of work. First of all, it is a 2.5D game, as in its a 2D Sidescroller game where you can only move left and right, but you're moving around in a 3D World. This already gives you a sense of why people are not liking the combat. The combat in the other arkham games were more free flow and fast paced, where as in arkham blackgate, its restricting, annoying and slow. By restricting I mean you can only fight enemies who are close to you, and fighting off other enemies requires you to jump over the one closest to you, and make your way more up with enemies farther.The controls aren't good as they're are unresponsive and kind of dumb. Prefferably its better to play with a control for this game as the controls are better. It almost pains me to play the game as it more feels like a task. The map itself is very annoying as you can get lost so many times and you're basically spending hours just trying to get to your main point. The map you get to navigate your way around blackgate is confusing as it tries to put a 3D like map in flat like form. On top of that, you need to find upgrades in this map which can also be a pain, as in if you don't the boss battles can be unbeatable.So far for the boss battles, Penguin being the hardest as in one of his guards spot you, they litterly shoot you to death which takes about 2 seconds resulting in you dieing in the process. Not only is that hard, but its even harder as you're in a small area, and to get the guards away from penguin you have to give distractions, and they see you constantly. On top of that, there are drones that scout out the area and shoot on sight which results in a automatic death.The Catwoman boss battle was a bit challenging as you have to time your countering and attacks 100% accuatley and perfectly. Gettingn hit twice results in a automatic death, and there isn't a checkpoint or anything in the battle as its constant dodging every second for like two minutes. It may not seem that hard, but once you get there I wouldn't be surpirsed if you saw some people did it on youtube.Now keep in my mind, this game was originally designed to be on a 3DS/PS Vita. Armature Studies gave a port to give the arkham fans an original feel as all arkham games are for the console (originally made by rocksteady). However, if a game is deisgned for the 3DS/PS Vita, that same game shouldn't have the same design on console/pc versions. if you do, you get all of what I said before, annoying combat, bad maps, annoying controls, it works but is almost unenjoyable, and it's task to play.I don't want to reccomend or not reccomend the game. As an arkham fan the story was decent. Nothing special. Explains a little of what happened between Batman Origins and arkham asylum. So, I will say this. Get this game when its on sale, as its worth the price of 5 bucks. The game itself isn't worth the 20, and I thought this as soon as I actually got into the game.What I suggest Rocksteady to do is make a game that is actually, a sequel to Arkham Origins after they conclude the arkham series with Arkham knight. This game was supposed to be designed to be like that, hence, why it has the name ""origins"" in the title. However, i think its honnestly a bad idea to do this and design the game itself to be on hand-held consoles, and then to be later ported on to regualr consoles. In my opnion, its a bad idea.Lets hope rocksteady can correct this mistake and give us a real arkham game like blackgate, but redesigned for consoles.Overall, the game deserves a7/10"
,Recommended,267490,17500190,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Disney Jazzcore ⚡,The only thing I hate about this game is the maps which are like a freakin' maze. Its pretty big and especially Industrial Map is annoying. 2.5D / 2D Batman Game. Really fun and interesting. Need atleast 25-30 of gameplay to get all the achievements but that can be done. I loved all the different endings. Not a must buy but if youre a Batman freak then go for it. 6/10
,Not Recommended,267490,33592283,Posted: 16 July,all,[LiterallyABurningBaby] Skotty8,"Before you assume I hate this game, let me say this: Batman Arkham Origins Blackgate works well as a spin-off game and should have been kept as that. It should have stayed on handheld systems like the Vita and 3ds. It does not work as a stand-alone PC title.Pros:Great storyBeautiful art during cutscenes (more on this in the cons)Faithful to previous installments of the Arkham seriesAlternate suits with benefitsMultiple paths, but ultimately linearCons:The cutscenes feel lazily animatedThe combat system is a watered down version of the Arkham combatNo UpgradesLots of backtracking (granted so do all the Arkham games, but it just doesn't work as well in a 2.5D world)No quickfire gadgets (with the exception of the batarang)Lack of stealth mechanics and during one of the boss fights, its forced and it feels unpolished and frustratingSummary:It was not meant for PC by any means. The story is promising in combination with the Arkham Origins post-credit scene for a Suicide Squad game or Arkham Origins 2 with Suicide Squad, as either the antagonists or alternate gameplay styles like with Catwoman in Arkham City, in the future. I would not reccomend this game to the fair-weather-fan of the Arkham series. Unless you love Arkham and can't ever get enough, I would skip this installment."
,Not Recommended,267490,13475509,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,YT/Thearcheaon,"As a huge fan of the batman arkham series, I have to say wow this was a really huge disappointment.Now don't get me wrong, I'm sure this game would be fantastic on the original PS vita version. But this port was just plain boring, had no moments it just has a story to listen to. Now the graphics are fantastic for a port but honestly the lack of gameplay is really boring.Honestly I was so bored playing with my mouse I had to remap my buttons to the keyboard just to even make it ""remotely fun""**CONTROLS**You're seriously hitting either space or 'F' about 80% of the time, the other 20% would be combat. The combat is very inadequate. It isn't as responsive as any of the arkham games. I would hit one guy and then the avoid icon would appear and if I tried to avoid his attack to attack him back it'd glitch out and then miss.**GRAPHICS**Just a little heads up on this *I was very disappointed* with the fact that there's no graphics option. Only 2 options + change resolution.The game was promising, but failed to deliver. I honestly would not recommend this even to a die hard batman fan (I'd only recommend getting the PS Vita version) if you want a good experience.Score : 6/10"
,Recommended,267490,16936524,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"Like Mirror of Fate, this game is a 2.5D Metroidvania portable spinoff. It's decent, although the level design is confusing and it's easy to get lost."
,Recommended,267490,9704356,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Avatom182,"Positives: The voice acting though not up to the standards of Asylum and City.  The costumes, Catwoman.Start of the game. Blackgate itself with the option to choose which  villains you want to take down first.Negative: Fighting Mechanics are god awful, Controls suck. No mouth movement with the characters when speaking.Overall it's a 6/10 game for me."
,Recommended,267490,14353181,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,wackey raid,"atman arkham origins blackgate is a different style of batman but not necessarly in a bad way. The new anime style cutsceens are very well done by the artists. The fighting style is different and at a slower pace but that combo meter fills and fills. the non cutscene animation is fantastic with great attention to detail. The map however is not great, it takes time to understand where one is actually going in relation to the map.Overall batman arkham origins is a great game with the only major letdown being the map. I give it  a 7/10"
76561198089052394,Not Recommended,267490,29402062,Posted: 21 January,all,JD Herrera,"Batman: Arkham Origins Blackgate			* 4/10Arkham Origins Blackgate is a conversion from PSP of a platform game that takes place right after Arkham Origins (but still before Arkham Asylum). Batman goes to the blackgate prison where Joker, black Mask and the Penguin have taken control of hte 3 wings of the prison. The idea might be fun, but the game has some serious problems of design and gameplay.first of all this game is a maze. And the developers know it, as a matter of fact they implemented a map to help the player move... Too bad it's really hard to read, with its isometric perspective and multilevel structures badly linked and represented. And in this maze the mission asks you to go from an end to another and there's no fast travel option, requiring you to follow all the forced (and most of time long) paths until the ""hub"" to switch from a prison wing to another.The other problem is in gameplay. Batman is extremely slow. Not during run or others, but during fights, he is extremely slow while avoiding attacks making him very vulnerable during fights with high numbers of enemies. Not to mention the worst coded final battle ever. to parry an attack you can hold the button but here you must quickly press the moment you're being attacked, then you can parry normally... But the game never tells you that difference. You are being cheated by the game itself that changes the fight system just to simulate a battle you cannot win unless you know this bull$h17. Nope, definitely nope.+++PROs+++*coff-coff...*---CONs---BORING MAZE.This game was the most annoying game in the Arkham Series. So annoying that I refuse to consider it part of the Franchise. A boring long maze that forces you to go back and forth by uselessly long paths with the unhelpful and consued map.FIGHT SYSTEM.Batman is too slow at avoiding attacks and the defense system changes in the final fight without reason or any advice.I played this game on this machine:Intel Core i7-497016Gb RAM DDR3GeForce GTX 660Windows 10 Professional x64"
,Recommended,267490,18916477,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Mcl_Blue,"There are many things subpar with this game, and it is surely vastly inferior to every other ""Batman: Arkham"" game, but I wouldn't go so far as to call it ""bad"". It's a weak game, but it's still enjoyable, for the right price (read: discounted).This could, however, have easily been an expansion for Arkham Origins, and it would have been much better off that way."
,Not Recommended,267490,21897187,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,FFS_Cybermat47,"The game simply doesn't give you enough information, it's clunky, boring to look at, and worst of all, boring to play. If you want a good game with an early Batman, get Batman: Arkham Origins."
76561198028600968,Not Recommended,267490,32928715,Posted: 28 June,all,Đashpod,"Feels like an absolute joke to the Arkham franchise. Thank goodness I received this game for free I couldn't imagine paying for it. it's just not worth the money. To start off with the game is a 3DS port graphically enhanced for the PC. However the graphics only received minor changes the only thing I noticed was an increase in resolution and not much in the overall textures. Now... The gameplay... it's atrocious. compared to the other Arkham games the combat is slow, sluggish and boring doesn't feel satisfying at all. The bosses in this game are so easy it's ridiculous literally takes like 10 seconds to take them down. But the most annoying, frustrating and nerve-wracking thing in this game is that there is no fast travel system. Blackgate in this game is actually pretty big compressed of four sections and every one of them has a boss fight at the very end. What's annoying is that when you beat the boss you have to go back to the very beginning And without the Fast Travel System it took me half an hour to come back when it could have taken me like one second. And if that's not enough there are collectibles scattered all over Blackgate. Which means you have to backtrack over and over again which will take you almost 2 hours in each section of Blackgate. In conclusion the game is tedious without fast travel,has very easy boss battles which makes you think the developers didn't even try on them and they somehow managed to downgrade the combat system I think the game should have stayed as a 3DS exclusive and never have came out on the PC."
,Recommended,267490,22056427,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,SPARTAN 117 B01,"Batman: Arkham Origins - Blackgate Pros & Cons ReviewPros1: Blackgate continues the adventure from Origins; the story taking place mostly in Blackgate Prison as opposed to a large section of Gotham City.2: Comicbook-esque cinematics and 2.5D Metroidvania style gameplay offering an entirely different way to play as the Caped Crusader.3: Collectable Batsuits offers fans a reason to push their skills further and replay the game on harder difficulties to collect them all.Cons1: Combat and Stealth borderlines on overly frustrating; precision moves are next to impossible at times due to the nature of the gameplay.2: Fixed Camera while good for Metroidvania style games doesn’t translate well to Batman’s stealth gameplay; the inability to look around in vents compounds this fact.3: Boss fights are made frustrating by the clunky controls, leading to many retries and in general it can make navigation difficult.Overall:7/10My thoughts on Batman Arkham Origins - Blackgate,I’ve never been one for platformer style games but I did enjoy this tile; I’m a sucker for collecting things in games and oh boy does this have a bunch of collectables. Among those collectables are cool new Batsuits but unlike others in the Arkham series where it’s just for show some of these suits actually give you a boost to help you out during the course of the campaign. I recommend hunting down “The Darkest Knight” suit as it basically gives you invulnerability. I also loved the comicbook-esque cinematics… It might not be for everyone but for me it reminded me of watching the original animated series way back in the day.Unfortunately, as much as I enjoyed playing the game and taking in it’s cool narrative from a unique perspective it was annoyingly frustrating at times due to its finicky controls. Example, when fighting one or more enemies close together and you use cap stun it won’t affect both as in previous titles. Instead you have a 50/50, or even lower chance with more than two, of stunning the intended enemies; which is very problematic when fighting armored knife wielders. Speaking of armaments, the gadgets aren’t exactly all that interesting or innovative… unless you count the slight improvement to the Explosive Gel which can now actually be shot over short distances. The gadgets are not the only thing on the boring side but the level design is also nothing to write home about. They are repetitive and downright boring.Ultimately, Batman: Arkham Origins – Blackgate is a fun game to play through once or twice but I’d only recommend it for the hardcore fans or those who absolutely love platformers. At the very least I would suggest only picking this title up during one of the many Steam sales for $5.00 because it’s just not worth $19.99, especially when you can grab one of the core Arkham titles for that price instead.-SPARTAN 117 B01"
,Not Recommended,267490,33803556,Posted: 26 July,all,VERSAT1L,"I'll address this review for two kinds of people:1- Gamers2- core Batman fansSkip it straight to your number, whether you want to buy as a gamer or just because you're more into Batman1- GamersAlright so where to start... Pfff... Ok... 3,2,1... K goUsually I'm trying to keep a certain level of objectivity in my reviews. Well here it's kind of complicated, because... Well.... There is simply nothing good to say about the game.It's 15 hours of non-stop frustration, though a ♥♥♥♥ED UP 2.5D map, which you really try to follow but always ending right where you got lost in the first place. I'm sure that  the developers couldn't even tell you themselves  where the ♥♥♥♥ you're heading to. Level design is the worst I've ever seen.Gameplay: Wow couldn't do worse on  the combat system, so pathetic ; just one straight punch, right or left, without following any sort of combo (and believe me the animations will make you throw up).The boss battles (and game overall) are really, really tough... Not because they're actually hard, but rather because the whole thing is bugged as hell...  always ending up dying trying to get grab the one ladder currently in your face for the past 5 minutes; or a npc getting jammed into the wall, whereby you can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore since you can't be seen as part of your mission.------- Ok so I just noticed it's been a little less than 6 minutes I'm typing this review and I don't really feel like I should waste my life here anylonger. Sorry but this game does not worth a ♥♥♥♥ and certainly not my precious lifetime.Oh I almost forgot...2- core Batman fansBatman sucks in this game and there was nothing interesting for the Batman fanboy that I am.Worst.Game.Ever."
76561198069159152,Recommended,267490,31191935,Posted: 16 April,all,wrb41977,"So, this game is definitely different than the other Arkham games. That is in part due to it originally being a handheld game. Since the game is in 2.5D, you basically move from left to right across most screens, and fight in that method. This... causes issues if you are trying to replicate how you fought in the main Arkham games. Still, after you get used to it, it can be fun.The plot is decent enough. Not up to the standards of the prior Arkham games, but it is hard to replicate that success constantly. Anyway, for a change of pace, it is not that bad."
,Not Recommended,267490,29904731,Posted: 13 February,all,Technobreaker,"This game is an insult to Arkham games. It's terrible in almost every way. Combat is weird, map is WAY TOO ♥♥♥♥ING confusing, puzzles are terrible, and NG+ is a joke. You'll get to keep your collectibles in NG+ but not your upgrades. I mean, what's the point of NG+ then? Story is good, I liked it. Same can be said for artwork and voice acting but they can't save this game. Another thing I hated in this game that you have to analyze weak walls and some other stuff every time. That's making this game even slower than the usual. I can recommend this to those who has played previous games just for playing once. Don't go for the achievements like I did because 3 of them requiring to finish the game at least 3 times and that feels like a torture."
,Not Recommended,267490,22403274,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Jero,"This game is terrible, but that's not very surprising considering it's a cash grab complementing another cash grab. Originally a handheld title for the 3DS and Vita, the game was later ported to home consoles and the PC probably because they realized nobody cared about this game. I don't really think this move changed that fact, but let's move on.The plot is pretty inconsequential just like Arkham Origins. It's not like there can be any tension to the story as you know what's going to happen because of earlier games. The inmates managed to take over Blackgate prison and some hostages to turn the place into a madhouse. Three factions divided the area, that's Joker, Penguin and Black Mask and even though they're supposedly rival gangs you won't see them interact at all. Unfortunately for Batman you need something from each part of the prison to get those hostages to safety. You also might encounter other random B-list villains who are there for their boss fight and nothing else. The plot gives the no reason to be there. Oh sure it makes for criminals to be at a prison but random gigantic zombies with no build-up is where I draw the line. Then there's also Catwoman who Batman caught two weeks before the incident and now mysteriously helps you with no ulterior motive at all. Oh and finally there's some hinting at a Suicide Squad thing just like in Origins, but as of this review it's now the year 2016 and we have no word on anything about that.This game is tedious as all hell. It's structured like a Metroidvania, but it's done so poorly you start wondering if any of the staff even played Super Metroid or Symphone of the Night. Traversing through this horribly-designed areas makes me long for death. What's wrong with it? Let's start with Detective mode. It works like the other games, you activate it with a single button button push, but this time you have to manually scan certain objects with your mouse to check whether you can interact with it or not. You can know the game inside and out, but you will always need to scan it before you can do something that allows you to progress, but this seems to happen selectively depending on the object. This basically means you'll stop dead in your tracks everytime to scan that darn wall just one more time to make sure you can't blow it up. I hope you don't mind this, because you probably will have to leave an area and going to a part you haven't explored yet, because you'll find you don't have the item you need. To be fair, the game most of the time tells you where to go and just not how to get there unless it glitches out and it doesn't appear on the map which has actually happened to me. It's still frustrating to have your progress come to a complete halt, because you don't have a certain utility weapon or missed scanning something. This brings us to exploring. You're always stuck on a 2D plane, however you'll find you can go to different directions with vents or using your grappling hook to get to the background or suddenly the room decides there will be a sharp turn you can take. This doesn't sound too bad, but it makes the map look like an absolute cluster♥♥♥♥. You'll check it every five seconds to make sure you're not heading the wrong way, but it won't help you get into certain rooms, because of some doors are unmarked and rooms with multiple floors are confusing as hell. God forbid you backtrack and forgot how to progress in the room, because of the lack of visual indicators or a helpful map. It doesn't help that the game's levels have no real visual identity and that Batman walks very slowly. To top it all off, there are so many times when a room just locks you out. What I mean by this is that sometimes the game will arbitrarily decide to not let you backtrack the way you came. For example if you use your grappling hook to reach a certain ledge, there's a chance the game won't let you go back by gliding. This means taking a huge detour everytime to go back where you started. Hope you didn't miss anything.Let's talk about the controls. This game feels horrible. Combat just feels sluggish.. I refuse to believe you can pull off crazy combos like in the other Arkham games. Batmans range for punches and kicks isn't consistent, sometimes hits won't connect and counters flat-out don't work half the time. Not that the game is impossibly hard or anything, because the game is very generous with health and doesn't throw tons of enemies at you all at once. Stealth isn't much better. There are usually only three for each section and your options are severely limited. It works, but it's watered down. Bosses are the worst aspect of the game. They're deceptively simple, but have little indicators to teach you how they're supposed to work. Penguin is the worst example as he summons goons that can only be taken out in a specific way. If you don't know to beat them, they're practically invincible and will kill you very quickly.Besides that there really isn't that much to talk about. The music is generic and I don't want to say anything about the graphics because it's a port of a handheld game anyway. Mooks look less like zombies in this version at least, but I still don't get the cutscenes. Why does nobody look like their in-game model? WHO DREW THESE?So in conclusion this game is bad. Don't waste your money. You're better off with Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. Heck even Arkham Knight and Origins are options."
,Recommended,267490,19322336,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,PIRUga,not bad but its pretty much a mobile game for pc for 20 dollars
76561198085600893,Recommended,267490,9876880,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,jjermaine13,⛆煛Purchased this game to play on my tablet and could not be happier. Te graphics are most impressive and though it is not 3D it does not lack in game play that feels jus as rewarding.
,Recommended,267490,20614576,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,giljaysmith,"God, what an infuriating game. The in-game map is a terrible thing, the combat is a rather insipid imitation of the 3D Batman games, and the boss fights are incredibly frustrating. That said, the map itself is quite a thing (although the violations of the 180-degree rule are annoying). Would have been made *much* more tolerable by an ""extract me back to the area selection screen"" button; walking all the way back to an area exit is super-dull. Just about recommended, I suppose."
76561198042585169,Not Recommended,267490,31928857,Posted: 23 May,all,B. Wiggs,"A Batman 2.5D Platformer sounds like a fun idea but the mechanics are executed poorly. Fighting is unsatisfying, the boss battles are not lasting, and the amount of backtracking with a map that can be just as frustrating make for tedious gameplay. The New Game Plus here does not offer any extras for Batman fans either (it is just rehashed moments that look different but play the same.) I enjoyed the mythos offered in this part of the Arkham franchise and will admit that it was enjoyable the first playthrough. If you're not a hardcore achievement hunter or care to see a different Arkham storyline, I would recommend this game. Otherwise, there really is no reason to play this game more than once to completion."
,Recommended,267490,12624435,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,KronickleXXII,"Overall it is a good game. There are nice comic book style cut scenes, mostly decent boss battles and some replayability. They tried to incorporate the Arkham freeflow combat system which, given the 2.5D perspective, works well for the most part. That said, it is vastly inferior to that of the Arkham games. Since the game does have a lot of backtracking, the biggest source of frustration is the map. Navigating around the areas is the most challenging part of the game. The game is still quite enjoyable though and so I would recommend it."
,Recommended,267490,25358483,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Distortron,"What I like:~It's Batman~It can be quite enjoyable at times~Cut scenes add a new dynamic and story telling feel~Looks good and voice work is good too~It was freeWhat I don't like:~A bit clunky playing wise even with a controller.~Having played all of the other WB Arkham Batman games it takes a while to get used to the 2D side scrolling game play.~Too maze like. I found myself wandering around too often with no clue how to get out of the current area. The map is a joke to comprehend even with it's over the top legend.Bottom line:  If you really, really and I mean really like Batman, give it a shot otherwise you may want to skip it.BTW, I'm still playing this game but very frustrated at the moment since I can't seem to find my way out of the current area."
,Recommended,267490,16510639,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,BloodNDeception,"Despite all the complainers, I really enjoyed this game, it feels like an Arkham game, & I enjoyed it for what it was. It's got some cool elements that could be used in other Arkham games that for some reason weren't, & I think it runs rather well. The voice cast of course is good like the other games, so I don't see a reason as to why you shouldn't pick it up."
,Not Recommended,267490,13913920,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ayymet,ITS BORING!
76561198009462528,Recommended,267490,11710243,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,theSYGNIFIKANT,"It took a while to get used to but it was an okay game. The map system is confusing. The combat can be frustrating at times because it just feels so much more natural in the previous games. There is a LOT of backtracking. Actually, I found 50% or more of the time spent playing to be looking for what I needed to go further in the game itself and running around.I didnt expect a masterpiece when I started playing. I definitely didnt get a masterpiece either. The 2.5D gameplay would be more suited for a game relying less on combat. Key point here: Just remember that this was originally a portable console game and don't expect it to be on par with the previous, full 3D action Arkham games."
,Recommended,267490,11323804,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Obi-Fran Kenobi,"It's a good Batman game with many flaws.The 2.5D is nice, sometimes even too marked and confusing, as you could feel like you are playing a 3D Batman and get stuck.The architecture is very intricated, and even with the map (drawn by Escher) you'll easily lost yourself.The combat system is quite laggy and stiff, and sometimes you can't understand if you can hit the enemies or not.The bosses are hard in a stupid way, since the combats brake the game's mechanics. The last boss is very annoying, because you need to have a 0,1 reaction time."
,Recommended,267490,12180134,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Cainine,First off let me say that this game is not what I thought it would be. Which shame on me for not paying more attention to the detials before I purchased the game. I was expecting the open world Batman game type of gameplay and this one gave me a side scrolling Batman adventure. Which by all means is still great. It gave me the nostalgia of an old school batman game I used to play way back when on the SNES.I didn't play to far into the game at the point of writing this review but I will already say that im not disapointed with my purchase other than the fact that it was not what I thought I would be getting.The controls are just like the batman games on console and I can see where the game can be enjoyable. All in all I would pick this game up again on sale but probably not for the full retail price.
,Recommended,267490,11061050,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,zufilico,"Is a good history game but need more accuracy of the controller and other delay in action, like: I press Y and nothing or I press B to stunt they jump.I know isn´t my hardware because is all new and having 2 controllers for different models.THe storyteller of the game is awesome, take me a listen level of my english perception, really I play only for learn english, I´m nothing a fan but Batman franchise is a good english teacher.Please fix this several bugs."
,Not Recommended,267490,32862402,Posted: 27 June,all,terrybess,I had fun a lot of the time but halfway through when it went from one way to reading the map i lost all enjoyment due to the map being one of the worst maps i've seen and all the secrets being impossible to pinpoint where they are on the map. after the first main enemy out of 4 i couldn't stand to play anymore. theres no online help either. all they provide is a map that has it all flattened making it nearly impossible to compare to the map on the game. i dunno if i'll continue to play in the final story arc or not
,Recommended,267490,12103173,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,AttilaThe13th,"As a Batman fan I have to say that I really enjoyed this game! :)Yes, it's a handheld port and all, but even then it's a pretty decent game.I read mixed reviews which said that the game sucks because of poor graphics and bad gameplay. I wont comment on graphics, because I don't play games for graphics, and nobody should. About gameplay, well here were a bit of problems with controls and there were some stupid game mechanics that became very annoying after a while!About the controlls first:The controlls are  pretty responsive, but there were some times when you had to do/press a button multiple times for it to work, which can get very annoying after a time, especially if you have to hury because a timer.For example:When you do the bomb hunting/hostage rescuing at the end of the game and you have to enter a went by holding the A button on a 360 pad, and it wont register after a few times, not until you go away from the went hole and go back for it to show the (Hold A to Enter). This is very annoying!Other problems I didn't encounter with the controlls, other than this, the controlls are great and very easy to learn.Mechanics:The only annoying mechanics in the game for me was theScanner!In the beginning I thought of it as a  neat feature, but after a while it got so annoying that you had to do it almost every time for you to go on ahead! Even for things that were staright forward and didn't need any further explanation!Other than this little annoying thing, haven't really got any more issues with the game.The game itself is on the shorter side because you can beat it in 3 or 4 hours mostIFyou don't do any side content and exploring! Your very first playthrough may be a bit longer if you like to stop from the main story and do a bit of exploring.Keep in mind that by exploring I don't mean to explore the entire map or anything like in the past games, because this isn't a full 3D game, it's just a 2.5D platformer, but believe me that you can get lost very easily.I myself, when I did my first playthrough of this, it took me roughly 15hours, because I did collect everything and did all the side content, but my other playthrougs were only about 3 or 4 hours as I said earlier because I just rushed from start to finish to get all the endings.And yes, it's true that you'll have to do a bit of backtracking when you hunt for the collectibles, but it's not that bad!From my experience and for being a huge Batman fan, with all the little flaws that this game has, I'll give it a 7.5/10.It's not a great game, but it's not bad either! If you like the Batman series or Batman in general, I think that you'll love this too!"
,Not Recommended,267490,20909169,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Feufo,"The story in a nutshell: there was an explosion at the Blackgate prison, the prisoners rebelled and there are hostages. The prison is divided into three territories controlled by three bosses: Joker, Penguin and Black Mask. Batman arrives to restore order.ProsThe story is quite interesting, pursuing the story of Batman Arkham: OriginsBossesSome gameplay elements of Arkham games: Detective mode, main gadgets, silent takedowns...ConsFights are boring: poor IA, collisions, and poor controls - especially the counters, which are undoubtedly the main element in the Arkham games fights, making the final boss fight a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Detective mode is very limited: we must scan manually the area with the Alt key and the mouse to detect any objects we can interact with. In other words we have to stop every 2 meters to scan the screen in order to go further in the area or solve the side quests.We spend our time doing backtracking: we start a first zone, arrived in the middle of the zone we need a gadget that is in the second zone, but arrived in this second zone we require an access code that we can get only in the third zone, then back to the second zone retrieve the necessary gadget to pass the first one and get the gadget needed in the third zone to retrieve the access code for the second one... The whole game is like this: backtracking everytime, for everything.The map is extremely complicated to understand, very confused - which makes backtracking even more annoying2.5D. We can only move left or right, so entering a room or a vent pipe located on the back wall is sometimes very complicated. Similarly, we will discover some hidden pipes or doors just stepping back from time to time because the camera does not show us everything at once."
,Recommended,267490,34189593,Posted: 12 August,all,Magneto_Ratul,"Never played a 2.5D game before. It was my first experience of a 2.5D game. Well, the experience was good.Batman Arkhamseries explains the BAT a lot. Every Arkham Series game has a decent storyline with a enjoyable combat, this game was not exceptional. Boss fights was not so difficult. You will findBlack Mask,The Joker,Penguineas the main three bosses to fight. Well, you will have a little fight withSolomon Grandyas well. We will get a little assistent from Catwoman. But there is a twist of the story at the end.If you likeBatman Arkham Series, you will enjoy this game. It'll give you a different taste.My overall rating: 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,267490,34112132,Posted: 8 August,all,_67alecto_OZ_,"Just can't do it...can't bring myself to finish this game.If this was the only Batman game in the Rocksteady Arkham Universe, it would be amazing.  But it isn't, so at each turn you're reminded how limited this port from the Nintendo 3DS/Playstation Vita is.It is very limited by the original hardware - repetitive level design, poor exploration/interaction mechanics, and a very awkward 2.5D viewpoint.  The map is of very little help since it is a fixed view, while in the game the map often rotates to simulate turns or traveling across gaps.   Adding insult to injury is the inability to fully remap controls to the mouse.  You might as well switch to a 3-button mouse since that is all the game will recognize and allow you to use.The story picks up a few months after Arkham Origins, and has you returning to Blackgate Prison to quell an uprising orchestrated by Black Mask, The Joker, and Penguin who have each taken over a section of the prison.  Fulfilling the role of Oracle is Catwoman - having recently been sent to Blackgate by Batman, she is now sticking around to help him navigate and guide the story along with prompts to secure certain upgrades, gadgets, etc that will allow the story to progress.Because the map and movement through it is so convoluted, the fact that you have to backtrack constantly is a real blow to the enjoyment of this game.  After stopping Joker and Black Mask, I gave up after the Penguin boss fight.   I can't even recommend this if you are an Arkhamverse completionist."
,Not Recommended,267490,9746304,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Haegemon,"Interesting but broken game.Messy combat that never feels as fluid as a mainline Arkham game.Bland collectibles and scanning system don't really make exploration feel rewarding.Biggest issue is game-breaking bugs. Currently, unable to progress because I didn't go explicitly where the game wanted me to go, and they let the puzzles trap players, breaking progression completely.It's an interesting enough story, but for the problems, nothing to justify the hassles the game can cause, and nothing that could more entertainingly be experienced through a youtube walkthrough.If you really want to play it, wait for a deep-discount steam sale, very much regretting fanboy-buying it day-1."
76561198011984677,Not Recommended,267490,21572791,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BraastadXO,"From the start, it just seemed like a platform arcade-game? Maybe it gets better or different later on in the game, but I never got past that stage. I expected something along the lines of the other Arkham-games, but the little I played, it most certainly didn't seem so.Not worth buying, unless you got it in some sort of Batman-bundle."
76561198026657379,Not Recommended,267490,31991919,Posted: 27 May,all,Reverus,"I have not completed the game yet, but I think my verdict will stay true until the end. This is not a good game. This is not a good port. This is not really a Batman Arkham game either. I would not recommend this as a series fanatic to really anyone. Glitches are bountiful and the core gameplay is seriously unpolished and irritating the majority of the time. Combat is a chore and the stealth sections are near impossible to do with the zero finese that is found in the controls (using an Xbox One Controller). I had hoped that it would be better, but the truth is I'm just trying to get through it. Like Batman Arkham Origins (made by Warner Bros Montreal), I will not be looking for 100% completion. Getting the story is all I want even if it is incredibly painful to do. To all others, watch someone on YouTube play through it and like all their videos since I bet it was a incredibly frustrating to put together.May 28th: So after completing the game my thoughts remain true. Without spoiling anything, the final mission involves you diffusing bombs around the prison. You have to backtrack basically for no other reason than the bombs. With my problems with controls and the map as a previously said, this was unbeliveably annoying and a waste of time. Found out that I also apparently missed two cutscenes during the game somehow so I have to go back and watch some videos to figure out where. Instant uninstall after playing. Completed with 75%"
,Not Recommended,267490,19593295,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,HelsinkiJam,Who honestly thought a 2D Arkham game was a good idea
,Recommended,267490,26053357,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,juanjo_vlc,"Excelent add on for the Arkham series in all theese facts, you lose 3D moviment and exploration but got a great ""beat'm up"" classic style with updated graphics, altougth hitting on screen edges don't work anymore ;)"
,Recommended,267490,12213734,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,rickylows2,i like this game but i dont know i mean i was expecting a game like the main arkham game but i never felt happy or satisfed when i did something but worth playing
,Recommended,267490,13626439,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lancer,This game seems to have mixed reviews but I personally enjoyed it. A big departure from the previous games and almost feels like a Metroidvania game at times but still a blast to play. I would recommend it to fans of the previous games who are looking for the same feel but a bit different~
,Recommended,267490,13311766,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,♦  £ℜΩ♒＄✞ȺƔ ♦,"I mean, If you like Batman... And Sidescrollers, Go right ahead and buy this game."
,Not Recommended,267490,22188729,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ganesys,"Batman™: Arkham Origins Blackgate was trying to copy everything in original arkham series plus an innovative 2.5D sidescrolling game play, but it went bad in everyway. I bought it despite of all the negative comment and I am kinda regret right now."
76561198046847387,Recommended,267490,22024539,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,HeroHS,It's a good game if you get it on discount.
,Recommended,267490,24115136,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,~{KSC}~Mr. Killeverything,"This game had probably the worst boss battle that I have ever had to play.  Probably the only reason I even beat this game was pure luck; that's because, I believe the battle was an absolute guessing game that required no skill or method to even figure it out.  I even timed things, read how other people tried to beat it (all who shared my frustration), but nothing worked, but luck.  On a lighter side, I did overall enjoy the game, the mild story, and light puzzles.  I wasn’t expecting this game to be 2.5D, but it didn’t take away from the game at all.  And it was satisfying to play for a long while, until you get to that certain point of the game.  The only reason I am recommending this game is, because there was more good experiences with this game rather than bad, even though the bad is pretty big."
76561197992764918,Recommended,267490,20855565,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Rickityr3kt,"Fun, simple Rocksteady inspired Batman game. The comic style presentation is entertaining. Consider it for purchase when its on sale."
,Recommended,267490,9730075,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Stemot,"I don't understand the negative press this game (or its console bigger brother) have recieved. The game is a great metroidvania style 2.5D style platform game brimming with the Arkham series atmosphere and hand to hand brawling mechanics as well as puzzles designed around Batmans gadgets, one of which (the explosive gel gun) actually makes more sense than it's console counterpart version. All in all worth the price, I got 7 hours out of the game without unlocking every costume or power up so if you enjoy going after everything there is more content here to find."
,Not Recommended,267490,19861380,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,theadods,"Try first mission, can't counter on reflex while on attack animation, uninstall.First mission and I already unimpressed and boredSorry can't recommend it, even to Batman Arkham fans"
,Not Recommended,267490,9718199,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,XYZZY,"If you're a fan of the other Arkham games, give this one a pass. The controls are poor, the combat is substandard for the series, and the boss fights are both unsatisfying and suffer from poor checkpointing (if you die fighting the penguine, you have to go through the cut scene again, skipable. If you die fighting Black Mast, you start in the room before the fight, have to jump over a pit and then get into the fight room). The story is shallow and the graphics poor (yes, I know this is a port). If you were hoping for a hold over until the next Rocksteady Game, this isn't it."
,Recommended,267490,13913738,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,NIИ,"There are nice comic book style cut scenes, mostly decent boss battles and some replayability. They tried to incorporate the Arkham freeflow combat system which, given the 2.5D perspective, works well for the most part.7/10"
,Recommended,267490,12627861,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,lucasrizoli,"Blackgate does a good job of taking the mechanics from the Arkham games and translating them to a 2D perspective. A well-made Metroidvania, kinda like Shadow Complex. Worthwhile."
,Recommended,267490,12581969,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Echo Alpha-x5,Very good fun. Brings almost a sense of the classic 2D games from the 90's. Highly recommended.
76561198022339412,Not Recommended,267490,22115039,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,darkkelida,I have just begun playing this one and I can assure you it is far beyond as good as the first 3! Please do not buy it unless you really feel you need it and even then wait til it is very very discounted! it is not worth the full price.
76561197991756666,Recommended,267490,17474194,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,nerk hayze,"COME 1 COME ALLI am a lover of the batman series, although I haven't yet perfected a game, I have completed (with this one), now 3 in the Arkham series.-Arkham Origins *-Arkham Asylum **-Arkham Origins Blackgate ***http://store.steampowered.com/app/267490/Enjoying what there is in the market Deadpool, Amazing Spiderman 1+2, Injustice, & now with us Arkham Knight,note there is a difference between DC & Marvel Universe, this line has been crossed over in many comics before. Though they are inherently separate.In my review for Injustice, I submitted a plea to dev's to give us a full game of say Hawkgirl or even Aquaman, I am echoing that plea now. When this game was released I was excited to see it available. I am satisfied to welcome more from Gotham.I say that because this game originated from PSVITA, and brought to us.It is a 2.5 dimension game, so other than a few options Batman's path is set in very strict linear routes.Don't forget to use your detective vision :-) OFTEN.The story is canon and where the playable DLC ofArkham Origins, Cold, cold heartends, this game continues on as a sequel to that.Are the graphics good or what? They are grainy. Not unclear.Yes, if you're wanting more batman, it should suffice.The Steam version of this game is Deluxe, including various batman suits with differentgasp!workingabilities connected to each one, THOUGH THEY MUST BE UNLOCKED.I recommend,Game On.."
,Recommended,267490,12820764,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Wheatley,"A surprisingly fun and addictive game, with fun gameplay and action."
76561198119434129,Not Recommended,267490,23610548,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,sammatron,this game wasnt that good. the combat is worse than arkham asylum and the story i didnt enjoy alot but it was good to know how batman first met catwoman. the big cutscenes in arkham origins were great in my opinion but for this game the big cutscenes were animated. the 2.5d makes the free roaming real bad. to upgrade you need to find these chest things with equipment to upgrade. 3/10
76561198031966029,Not Recommended,267490,34800176,Posted: 7 September,all,tommy_lop,"Now Batman Arkham Orgins Blackgate is not a terrible game because it’s broken, just poorly excuted. Again everything that can make a game like Metroid bad this game commits in someway or another. Either boring or confusing set pieces and stage design, check. Lame puzzles that seem to be a distraction from what you should be doing exploring this world check, combat that dosen’t seem to fit in right, check, and finally mcguffin quests just for a sake of a mcguffin quest check and double check. I only recommend this to hard core batman fan and only on sale, wait for this game to be 5 dollars or less before picking it up.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQy7UsN8lLA"
,Not Recommended,267490,24049570,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lutzayy,"It's a port of a bloody handheld game, what would you expect?"
76561198046546799,Recommended,267490,30248438,Posted: 28 February,all,AllyArra,"If you're a Batman fan who doesn't mind clunky controls/spending tens of minutes figuring out where to go next, then look no further!No, honestly I think Batman: Arkham Origins Blackgate is a pretty fun game. It can be a little frustrating at times. But the overall experience is satisfying.Pros:- Fun addition to the other Arkham games. (It's different, but with similar gameplay aspects.)- Comic-like cutscenes.- Puzzle elements. (Sometimes you have to think for a moment.)Cons:- Clunky controls.- Falling off platforms due to clunky controls.- Losing battles due to clunky controls.- Moving around awkwardly due to clunky controls.- Getting lost.That being said, I do recommend this game. Just don't pay full price for it. Get it while it's on sale or something."
76561198189073103,Not Recommended,267490,30186900,Posted: 25 February,all,Aytgh,"I actually considered giving this game a positive review before the second to last part of the final Catwoman fight. I see her goggles and hear the sound, go IMMEDIATELY for the counter and Batman does NOTHING. Apparently you need to counter at the exact moment the sound bite starts or else it just won't work. Also, analyzing objects and walls requires you to stop and scan the screen from top to bottom. The map is really confusing and the guides can only provide you with a minimal help thanks to this fact."
,Not Recommended,267490,11394196,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Sopmik,"If you love being physically and mentally sick, buy this. If you love wasting money, buy this. If you want a good game, buy Batman: Arkham City"
,Recommended,267490,14107078,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Burn,A poor addition to the Arkham franchise. If you played the other Arkham games (and completed it 100%) only then I would recommend this game. This game is boring and lackluster ... but I just can't give a thumbs down to an Arkham game :) I just can't!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=881437451http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1137246244Unlocked all achievements!
,Not Recommended,267490,19651293,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Biddely Bong The Heavenly Gong,"This is literally the biggest piece of dogshit I've ever seen. It's remeniscant of Deus Ex 4 The Fall, with it's dreadful animation style, blurred and 'rubbery' graphics, unbindable controls, poor response time and forced acting. Cut scenes are laughable and everything feels so jarred. There isn't any smoothness to it and it feels like you're clunking around in a poorly made robot, unable to control it. The options are little to none and dialogue has gaps in that make it sound like a child put the scrift together in Audacity. I'm all for the other Batman games. I love them to bits (my hours show that) but this, I knew it wasn't at all fun to play just from the getgo. Sorry guys, this feels like a money spinner you pulled out of a bin. Would not recommend."
76561198010428614,Not Recommended,267490,19662372,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Meowth,"What an awful piece of hack garbage. This is clearly a port of a mobile game, and it clearly should have *stayed* a mobile game. The controls are unresponsive and sluggish, the enemies attack in ways that can't be countered (despite the counter logo showing up)-- it's just all around rubbish. I got it for free after the Arkham Knight fiasco and I *still* feel like I paid too much money for it."
,Not Recommended,267490,29009307,Posted: 4 January,all,PlzKillme,"This game is a nightmare seriously. The counter system is soooo broken like giving you no window of opportunity most of is based on luck. The story is god awful. Like its sooo terrible there is no reason why this game should even exist. Map is sooo confusing its like hey this is a 2D game but here's a 3D map uhhhh what I am so confused (if there was a way to change it I had no idea how). I thought Arkham Origins was bad but at least in that game the gameplay was good this is just I had no enjoy in anything puzzles suck, gameplay sucks, story sucks, there's literally nothing to bring to the table. I can't believe I wasted money on this. Every minute I been going you're Batman act like Batman......Batman come on be Batman.....I swear a used condom can be a better Batman than you......"
,Recommended,267490,16004970,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,TaiBoArrow,fun game
,Not Recommended,267490,19632032,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Alekserforlife,det er et 2d spill.
,Recommended,267490,27915295,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,shAggz_iN_rEvOlt,"This game is awesome. It's a game all on it's own along the Arkham Origins storyline. It's arcade, it's... I mean look at a youtube video of it or the trailer of it and it's exactly what it looks like. Alot of these bad reviews... I read the same thing about Operation Raccoon City but the only drawback of that game is the same as this one. Expectations and comparison. This is a great fun addictive game if you're really into honing your jedi mind (and at the same time increasing your aptitude,I love it"
,Recommended,267490,9751610,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Minidoomer,"Metroid+Batman= this game. A large map that is connected with obstacles that block your progess. In order to fully explore the map finding Batman's weapon and tool upgrades is key. You slowly become more powerful as the game continues, and by the end you're an unstoppable badass. Just like Batman. It's a great combination of game mechanics and this is way way better than the 3DS version. Do yourself a favor and give it a try. It's cheaper than the handheld version, and has better graphics to boot."
,Not Recommended,267490,21066991,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,✔,2.5D perspective is kinda interesting but the rest is poor. Veeeeery poor.
76561197970837462,Not Recommended,267490,21627514,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,azrael502,Terrible
,Not Recommended,267490,23945653,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ＷＨＩＴＥＷＯＬＦ🐺,Unnecessary game. If you got it for free from Rocksteady because of the Batman: Arkham Knight apology then give a shot if you're bored.
,Not Recommended,267490,24120701,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,rip craig 1998-2018,there's no fun to be had here. gameplay made me depressed to a point I couldn't look up at the screen.
,Not Recommended,267490,28248976,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Selenium,"It's just...not very fun to play. It's a scan-a-thon to get anything done, a slog to get through and heaven forbid you get shot at. Escape is practically impossible compared to the proper Arkham Trilogy.As an idea, this game is a good one. But the execution is poor. There are more things wrong with it than right and I regret my -albeit discounted- purchase."
76561198164115478,Not Recommended,267490,18244794,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,It's Nap Time,different to the others in the series terrible
76561198024960953,Recommended,267490,14764322,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Koopa Trappa,It's Batman meets Metroid!
76561198092302540,Not Recommended,267490,26294724,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,EroticHamster,"Can't say I liked this version of this game. The perspective is annoying, and it's pretty much a giant quick time event.Batman needs to be a free roaming game... This is not that."
,Not Recommended,267490,18100260,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,darksteelhyren,Did not enjoy.
76561198043894288,Not Recommended,267490,25787989,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ScurvyD06,yawn...
76561198271974420,Not Recommended,267490,29859184,Posted: 11 February,all,drawer3390,pros+ good hacking mingame+ alright cutsecens+ okey combat ( except for countering.)+ okey stealthcons- bad story- way too easy boss battles- bugs and glithes- boring4/10
,Not Recommended,267490,32173332,Posted: 4 June,all,Liang,"Yes for Batman fans, otherwise no."
,Recommended,267490,27894041,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mannjugraj007,When i played it the grphics were sick
,Not Recommended,267490,12094305,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,CeeKay,"Horrible little game, and this is speaking as someone who spent only 5 bucks on it, 5 bucks that I could have spent getting diarrhea from the dollar menu at Taco Bell.  Tons of backtracking, then you finally beat the three bosses only to find out that there are 5 objectives hidden somewhere on the entire map, therefore you must once again backtrack all over the place to find them and their locations are based off of which boss you beat last.  If that isn't enough, one of the variations requires you to find 3 junction boxes for each objective within a time limit, so guess what?  More backtracking and seeing portions of the map you have seen many times before!!!  As an extra bonus, sometimes the junction boxes may not register as being blown up with the explosive gel, so it may take two or more attempts for the game to realize that you have indeed blown them all up.I swear, this game has more padding than a flat-chested girl's bra on prom night.  Off to YouTube to see how it ends and ties into everything.  Oh, and a pro-tip for Bats:  Next time you plan on going into a maximum security prison that holds all of your major foes..... GRAB EVERY SINGLE ITEM IN YOUR ARSENAL BEFORE GOING IN!  Don't go in half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,267490,33947374,Posted: 1 August,all,DSW 1 9 9 2,"poor combat control (unresponsive), mediocre story, unecessary backtracking mission and the worst: confusing map system. dont buy it at full price, wait for sale.i'll give it : 5.4/10 if you love batman buy it, if not go buy the main arkham series but certainly not this one."
,Not Recommended,267490,29450428,Posted: 23 January,all,Fluffy Bunny 666,"Playable if you bought the whole series, other than that, don't even think about buying this."
,Not Recommended,267490,28808406,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chris,"So this is not the game that I was expecting and since I bought several games during a Steam sale, I can't return it. However, I can help people from making a bad purchase.It's a side-scrolling game along with very clunky battles and is in now way similar to the 3-D open-world style of the previous games.I don't recommend this game to fans of the series because it is nothing like the other games."
76561198084588021,Not Recommended,267490,12020277,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Duster_Man,"I think this game is only meant for portable game consoles, such as 3DS. It was originally for 3DS and then decided to have a PC version of it.I didn't like this game. Simply because it takes away the great mechanics the previous games they we've enjoyed so much, being stealthy is so, so difficult. If Batman was playing this game he would get frustrated.Story line was decent enough to like. I'm a gamer for a great story line. But with all games game play comes first and sadly I'm not willing to play through a bad game play to know more of the story.Thank gosh I got this game really cheap. $4.99 in the summer sale. It wasn't my cup of tea, but honestly if you want to try out this game buy this game really cheap like I do just in case you're not satisfied with this game."
76561198011004336,Not Recommended,267490,13264958,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dr. Stone Trophy,"Awful game. Do not waste your money on this piece of junk. Buy the actual Arkham Origins, although it isn't as good its predescessors, it still holds up better than this.I give BAOB DE a 2/8. It took me a lot of patience to play this game and a massive waste of my time."
,Not Recommended,267490,13339450,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Atomic Element Zero,"It was alright.  The fighting was pretty dull and repetative.  Being a side-scroller, it was obviously very linear.  To get all the pickups, you have to beat the game three times, which was quite annoying."
,Not Recommended,267490,18215523,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Chorchef,"Not ready to call a ""Batman games"" Not work at all for play even you're Big fans of Batman. Stay strong with it, It's suck!"
,Not Recommended,267490,25600382,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Maverick Hunter X,"Tepid, vapid, and overly linear.  That's all."
76561197981048565,Not Recommended,267490,12354879,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Tenn,"Your life is richer for not having played this game.Somewhat like metroidvania, with all the gameplay removed.The map is confusing, the level layouts are pretty bad and combat is atrocious.  Recommended for masochists."
76561198054015412,Not Recommended,267490,12743027,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Max_Soze,I bought the game cause i wanted to go back to arkham and learn a new story about the adventures of the Dark Knight.. The game is a big disappointment i bought it in the Halloween sales and i'm already regretting it cause i really want to play the game but it's so bad it's unforgivable..+Graphics-controls and combat-voice acting and storyi give it a 4.5/10 on a good day..
,Not Recommended,267490,16110371,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Hobo Battleaxe Man,"This game. Where do I start? This game isn't very good. Actually, it's really bad. If it had more time put into making it and wasn't a 2D sidescroller, and was made like the other Arkham games, than this would've been a lot better. It has bland combat, laughable stealth sections, and the requirenment to scan everything to move on. Stick with the other Batman games, they are much better than this game."
76561198010709780,Not Recommended,267490,11154295,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,dicydico [FUG],"As someone who has enjoyed the Arkham series to date, I found this game to be really kind of frustrating.  In presentation it's really just a much more scripted version of the Arkham series with comic-based cutscenes.  That's not a bad thing, of course, but it feels a little odd to have all of your grapple points set for you after the free roaming of earlier games.   The thing that bothers me the most, though, is that absolutely none of the combat timing seems to carry over to this game from previous games in the series.  There's a small but very significant delay between button press and action that make countering a surprisingly irritating trial.  I'm used to countering just before the blow lands, whereas here you've got to hit counter literally the instant the blue lines show up to have any hope at all of actually performing the action in time.  Perhaps I'll come back to it later, but for now I'm too frustrated with this to find any real fun in it."
,Not Recommended,267490,11317088,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,uriba,"Terrible controls and enemies that can see through walls. Confusing navigation in areas you have to go back to again and again.And AGAIN for the end game.The story and voice acting are good.But so many things that are always squeaky perfect in this series are broken.A weak portable port.I love the series, but it's the first one I will not finish."
,Not Recommended,267490,9915899,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Styleshift,"If your a huge fan of Batman, pick this one up on sale. If you like the Arkham games and aren't particularly a Batman fan than I say avoid this one at all costs. This is definitely a game made for when you have down times while commuting to school/work or just simply when you can't reach your PC/Console.Pros- Good voice acting, decent story, metroidvania style. New game plus. SUITSCons- Awful combat, butchered stealth mechanics, and a horrible map.The stealth in this game is pretty much non existant and I am glad that there were only a few sections (All of which I was never able to properly sneak through because of the poorly implemented gameplay mechanics)The combat is very sloppy as well and waters down the free-flow combat until it is nothing but generic.I wish the developers had stuck to their guns and created a fresh experiance because they absolutely failed when it came to borrowing Rocksteady's core gameplay mechanics. However I did think that their own innovations were very clever and spot on for a Batman game. (Gel Launcher is such a cool gadget and should be included in the next Arkham game.) I also enjoyed the puzzles and exploring the map but the in-game map that they gave us was very confusing because of the 2.5D view they gave us. (Example) When you enter a vent from the right you could be facing left when you exit the vent. This certainly caused alot of problems during my playthrough of the game and I have seen this issue brought up many times during LPs of the game on Youtube.I enjoyed this game but I can't recommend this one in good conscience because Batman is my 2nd favorite Superhero. Although I am a bit bias allow me to take off my rose colored glasses and give this game a proper score:6/10"
76561198033852456,Not Recommended,267490,16251448,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,mightyjimbo,Terrible game.  Cannot beat the Tiger boss despite reading every online post.  I am supposed to get a prompt to spin attack; it quite simply never comes.  Even beyond this; the controls are clunky.  A shame that they soiled the arkham name with this cheap release.
,Recommended,267490,24973527,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Nefarious,"I just got stuckt in the game, doesn't even let me startover or restart from beginning guess i'll have to delete my cloud save for this game. And yeah 2.5-D is is pretty different among other Batman series but it's fun though."
,Recommended,267490,30249181,Posted: 28 February,all,cloud,This is a solid good looking 2.5D platform game which i recommed only to those who like side scroller platform games.It is not the same as the other the 3D batman games and didn't float my boat.
76561198060249224,Not Recommended,267490,10374384,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,veen.za,"If you are hoping for more of that Arkham experience you are unfortunately not going to find it here. Arkham Origins Blackgate has a completely flawed combat system, very silly save points for areas that will undoubtedly have to be played again,  a frustratingly complex and hard to understand map, but most of all and the game just feels disappointingly unpolished and buggy. It truly is a sad thing because having a Shadow complex style game based on Batman is a fantastic idea. This one however is sadly not something I would reccomend."
,Not Recommended,267490,10885930,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,🌸ṩќὄὄẓᾄмṩ🌸 燃えている♆,"Stupid as hell ...wow i cant not beleive that a game soo good can be so bad this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game it's like a 90s video game with a modern twist Fighting combos are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ nothing like the other games Even on normal mode its hard as hell.Bull♥♥♥♥♥♥is what i can say about this game some one must have been hard up to put this game out Keep them alike Lets keep changeing combos and keys Keep them the same there was nothing wrong with the last games combos the other thing you have no freedome of movement  you follow the trail that is set for you,,   at this time i dont recomend it it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.Im sure the people that made the game never reads comments If this is like this Im afrade to buy the black night..Wow"
,Not Recommended,267490,24788323,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,unemployed black astronaut,I want to♥♥♥♥♥♥all over this game.
,Not Recommended,267490,12166023,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,WiseOldHooter,"Oh my god this game is CRAP! The whole 2.5D thing is so frustraiting, and they have ruined all the good mechanics of the old games, by making them as halfassed as possible! For example you have to smash the right click a million times for it to actually deflect, and navigating is confusing and boring!DO NOT GET THIS GAME! IT IS NOTHING BUT A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!"
,Not Recommended,267490,11268745,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ARex,"Probably one of the worst Batman games I have ever played.  Maybe one of the worst games I've played, IDK.  Platform game; camera angles are screwy; no rotation of camera.  Dialogue is crappy (Joker's jokes are terrible) and voice over work is repetitive.  AI are stupid and reset soon after an incident.  Fight abilities are lame and tepid with little chance to build up KO power, slight chance to counter, and no takedowns. Boss battles are annoying and frustrating, though not challenging in any real sense of the word.  Cut scenes are terrible.  Animation and graphics are derivative and poor.  Mostly the game is running, dying, waiting for the elevator, dying, and running...and dying.  Overall, very badly executed."
,Not Recommended,267490,12160157,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Frougie,Sluggish and slow. The combat should have been much smoother and faster.
76561198022821804,Not Recommended,267490,12170696,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,pjdespres,"This is a pretty weak game that relies on the other fully 3D Arkham games.  Controls are really shoddy and unresponsive. Fighting is monotonous. Puzzles are silly (especially the hacking). Cutscenes are weak.  Luckily I purchased it when it was on sale, or I'd be more disappointed."
,Not Recommended,267490,12162077,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,C4SEM4N,"If you want to play a game made by lazy devs who hold your hand the entire time, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,267490,11343933,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,gal800gol,"I am a big comic/batman/arkham fan, and I hate his game.-There is more running around and searching for things than fighting.-Platforming sucks.-Bosses are boring and easy-Confusing level design-Stealth sections are awful-You need to scan everything you want to interact with (e.g. explode a wall with gel, throw batrang and something, ect.)-Different costumes are upgrade (I played with a wierd costume because it minimizes the bullet damage)+Batman, and the many other DC carachters"
,Recommended,267490,10941576,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,that's what she said,It looks like handheld batman.It plays like handheld batman.It feels like handheld batman.The thing is that it plays better than majority of big console titles. Devs teared third dimension skin off and it bared series' metroidvania muscles. Go buy it.
,Not Recommended,267490,12707179,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lo Pan,"It's mediocre. The game plays itself, and holds your hand. Play it if you really really like batman."
,Not Recommended,267490,9735585,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,GambitDeclined,"Unless you are interested in the side scroller POV, do not buy this game. I was disappointed."
,Not Recommended,267490,15987132,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Darkeeper,"Pretty much like the other titles in the Arkham series, but smaller, clunkier and uglier."
,Not Recommended,267490,31375499,Posted: 26 April,all,Lorewise,♥♥♥♥♥poor♥♥♥♥♥♥with no value at all. Avoid!!!
,Not Recommended,267490,34689393,Posted: 2 September,all,DDBBVV[ZOMS],It's a side scroller. I haven't gotten around to doing much with it because I was so disapointed to find out that it wasn't made in the Arkham Franchise style. I might give it a positive rating after I beat it but for now I can't reccomend it for how misleading it is to package it as dlc with a full fledged Arkham title.
,Not Recommended,267490,13446851,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rorschach,"Even though I knew this was a Nintendo DS to PC port, I gave into my Batman fandom and purchased the game. I hated most of my time with it. This is a sloppy sloppy game. Ironically this is a very poor Metroidvania game. Very odd since the Arkham Asylum pulled it off flawlessly and it was in 3D. This has an issued where if you complete a task or combat the camera zooms to the ""action"". It wouldn't be so annoying if your character wouldn't freeze and you could still take damage during these time period. Another thing I hated was the boss fights, some of them were one mistake kills that were abusively difficult. There are a lot of interactable objects, floors, and walls. Unfortunately you can't interact with them until you scan them. Which is tedious. In fact that is all this game is, extra steps to pad the length of it. When I finished I was surprised to see I had only been playing nine hours. It felt like a brutal 30 hour grind. The cutscenes are garbage and the story is forgetable. AVOID THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,267490,10886350,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Odin97,"I am glad that I got this game when it was 75% off. Compared to the other Arkham games, this is crap. The fighting system is horrible. It takes an hour to complete a simple task. You have to find all of the gadgets (yes, all of them, you don't even get the Batclaw). And finally, the boss battles are very much pitched towards your side. Nowhere close to the Ra's al Ghul boss fight in Arkham City.Pros: You get the explosive gel gun from the Dark Knight (Nolan). The cutscenes are comic-like, which is somewhat interesting."
76561198122706508,Not Recommended,267490,15957764,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,darthvaderinhaler,"WTF, I INSTALLED THIS GAME BUT WHEN I RUN IT, IT JUST SAYS ""GAME.EXE IS NOT WORKING"" AAARRRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WTF IS WRONG WITH THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,267490,10719414,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gothic Man,It's unbelievably bad game compare to all Batman's previous games. One of the worst game so far this year. It ruins Batman games and I suggest not buy it if you are a true dedicated fan of Batman games. 4/10
76561197970920443,Not Recommended,267490,12255058,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Prime,"THERE ARE GAME BREAKING BUGS.  While it's a fun diversion from the main series, the developers have left in a few game breaking bugs.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VPrC7wYawIWhile the game was fun for awhile, after 3 hours of playing and encounter said bug (for completion) I don't recommend this game ever.  If you're a completionist back away, for the casual player who will follow every direction, enjoy."
,Recommended,267490,32938783,Posted: 28 June,all,seeemsee,6/10
76561198251360044,Recommended,267490,31950732,Posted: 25 May,all,Mr.Black,Nice game
,Not Recommended,267490,10342386,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Yagami1211,"Batmanvania in 3D, that's all you need to know.But map is hard to read and the biggest problem is the controls are really weak unlike the main Arkham games5/10"
76561198017153673,Not Recommended,267490,10349834,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,gator319,Absolutely horrible game play.  Do not waste your money.
,Recommended,267490,25443460,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[DLR]Firefly,Not sure why so many people dont like this game.  It is a pretty solid 2.5D game.  I enjoyed it and would recommend for 2.5D game fans.
76561198110571901,Not Recommended,267490,19117810,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,bgray9054,"Pros: Eh...not much here, really.* The graphics are pretty decent and combat system is still the same controls.* Story is pretty cool with Catwoman involved.Cons:* Very boring - the 2.5D aspect is tedious. Too bad they didn't make this a full 3D game like Origins.* The maps were difficult to navigate as well as tedious as you constantly had to backtrack throughout the game trying to find stuff and forgot how you got there last time. Not much fun.* Most boss fights were terrible as they didn't explain anything to you. You would have to constantly die in order to figure out what the developers wanted you to do.Overall if you're a bigtime Batman fan and love the Batman games that are out now this is a good pickup so you can make sure you have the full storyline and collection, but I'd definitely recommend only buying this on a Steam sale for about $5. It's not worth more than that."
,Not Recommended,267490,12362207,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,SHAZOOO,"If this game would be Sheldon, it would say: ""I'm annoying, I'm annoying, I'm annoying, I'm annoying,.."" Really. I don't care go through the same places two or three times but zillion times? No. I also didn't finish it because when I thought it's the end...well it wasn't I had to go through the same places zillion and one time again. Also fighting is bad and I really hate map here. So if you love original series you can definitelly live without this one.EDIT: Okey, I finished game today because I hate games unfinished but it is still really terrible."
,Not Recommended,267490,12601421,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,=L4DA= Nathan,"A spin-off of Batman: Arkham Origins, this is a 2.5D action platformer set in the same world as the other Arkham games. While the level design is fairly well done and the game does a good job of providing Metroidvania-esque exploration, it fails in almost every other way. First off, while the level design is good, the navigation is a pain. The ""world"" is split into three maps, which you have to enter/exit from the front door/back door, which are not easily accessible from most of the map, causing a large portion of backtracking to be for the sole purpose of leaving your current area. To complicate things further, the map is very poorly displayed, particularly in regards to areas with multiple height levels, which can make finding your way around extremely obnoxious.The freeflow combat from the previous games is forced into the 2D perspective, which makes targeting enemies impossible, (you can only attack people directly in front or behind you) and often times they will strafe into the foreground or background which makes it difficult, sometimes literally impossible, to hit them. The predator aspect has almost been entirely removed for this game, and when it does show up, performs terribly, as without the three dimensional movement, there is no way to hide or sneak about other than running away.In addition, blocks/counters don't seem to register half the time and there are no rebindable controls, with the default controls being incredibly odd, making controlling an issue on top of the gameplay issues. In regards to plot, it is extremely simple and is told in such a simple way that you'll get the same level of investment in the game from reading a paragraph long summary of the plot on Wikipedia. In short, I highly recommend that even avid Batman fans avoid this game, as you'll only be disappointed at best, absolutely infuriated at worst."
76561197968815430,Not Recommended,267490,13155191,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Fidodido,not worth the money
76561197970987565,Not Recommended,267490,12236489,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Malidictus,"If this were JUST ""Baby's First Arkham"" game it wouldn't be as bad. But on top of this game being essentially a drastically dumbed-down Arkham Origins, it's technically flawed in nearly every respect. The controls are sluggish when they even work, there's barely any key customisation, combat is a complete joke, the graphics look about six years old and terrain naviagion is a pain at the best of times. But that's a luxury compared to the boss fights. Blackgate pretends like it has any, but they're just thinly-veiled QTE sequences, with the final one being the most egregious of them all. Almost zero tolerance for timing and the same grating voice-over again and again.""Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning. Are you even trying? I think I'm winning.""Avoid this game. There's nothing redeeming about it."
76561198082969617,Not Recommended,267490,12585292,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,watchdogs5,i realy like the batman arkham games but this game was the worst batman arkham game i played in my life and i want money back.
76561198321950265,Not Recommended,267490,24643995,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,HalfCookedRice,This game is terrible. My friend told me that it was regular arkham origins and the 2d it depressing
,Not Recommended,267490,28852636,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,2123will,rlly bad
,Not Recommended,267490,26515520,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,thegoddamnemily,There is literally nothing about this game worth playing.
76561197971325355,Not Recommended,267490,11043301,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Traeus,"This had a lot of potential. Batman in a true 2/2.5D metroidvania game? Sounds awesome.Sadly, the execution is severly lacking.The controls are controller snappingly frustrating and unresponsive even at best. There is no jump button, for example, yet there are things for you to jump over, namely, spike strips on the floor. You CAN double tap the action button and roll, and sometimes that will get you over the spikes, but this only works about 25% of the time.The combat against regular enemies is just button mashing, much like the other Arkham games. Only here, you don't even choose which targets to attack, you just spam melee and occasionally stun or jump over someone.The bosses are horrid, and the main reason why I can't recommend this game. They are super scripted, multi phase fights with no check points. The problem comes from the controls being what they are, which makes what would be decent fights into brutally difficult excercises in frustration.The map is a piece of crap. It's fixed angle, but room layouts are completely arbitrary and don't follow the map in logical ways.The rest is kind of meh. Decent music. Graphics aren't bad considering they came from a portable. Voice acting is...passable. And the collecting is alright, from what I got into. I quit when I got to the penguin because he's impossibly hard for no good reason.Why can we not have good metroidvania games made these days? It can't be THAT hard.If you pay more than 2 bucks, you got ripped off."
,Not Recommended,267490,23679349,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Buzz,just no
76561198135120469,Not Recommended,267490,33892415,Posted: 29 July,all,projournalist,Don't waste your money on this damned thing...it's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,267490,12268284,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"Just a standard 2.5D side scrolling beat-em-up arcade style game.After playing all the Arkham games I was sick of Batman and his inability to kill thugs or take them out with a few hits.Didn't bother to play this through, got bored of it, nothing interesting.4/10"
76561198060638972,Not Recommended,267490,33958953,Posted: 1 August,all,MUTTSSIISS,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,267490,24735994,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,justice pigeraffe,di not like
76561198091103903,Not Recommended,267490,9711446,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,doongster,"Compared to the Arkham Games series, the gameplay on this is childish and annoying. Fighting is so lame compared to the Origins game. Not worth the money spent at all"
,Not Recommended,267490,32676592,Posted: 23 June,all,Lucian,"Pff... When I bought this game I thought it was a continuation to the Arkham Origins game.But this game sucks!! This is a freaking platformer game, and personaly I dislike these kinds!But if you're a platformer guy, then this could be your game...As for me, I want my money back please!!!"
76561197964461499,Not Recommended,267490,9708767,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Cutie Patootie,Garbage sidescroller what a waste of money this turned out to be.
76561198084819958,Not Recommended,267490,25067222,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,PGB,Mother ♥♥♥♥er I'm just♥♥♥♥♥♥off
,Not Recommended,267490,19488779,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Walkie_Talkie,"Wow, this game is actually really bad. Its not broken, just REALLY, REALLY bad. I feel cheated, and I got this game for free."
,Recommended,267490,19516669,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,[1Z]RaeBaer,BATMAN! :)
76561198061834672,Not Recommended,267490,19655067,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Swishley,"Allright. We can all conclude that arkham origins sucked♥♥♥♥♥ This is even worse. I fortunately got eh game for free, but it won't launch. There are few (if any) reported fixes for this problem and we know that they are not going to fix it.Don't buy this if you are not certain that you can fix problems.plus that the reviews on the gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198005847049,Not Recommended,267490,20039804,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Phylarion,"Clumsy, (literally) 2-dimensional, knock-off that doesn't deserve the ""Arkham"" in its title."
,Recommended,267490,20099181,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,jmcone,"No Wonder They Moved Out Of BlackgateIf Steam had the opportunity to give out 'Average' or 'Meh' ratings, I'd give it to this game. Whenever this game gets something right, it gets something else wrong. Good, simple controls get muddled by bad enemy selection and counter response time. Boss fights with iconic characters are almost always turned into annoying battles in which you die in stupid ways because the game fails to telegraph where the boss can actually see you. However the game does have some merits, so by all means read on!GameplayBlackgate is unlike the other Batman: Arkham series. It's a 2.5D side-scrolling adventure with platforming puzzles and occasional beat-em-ups. It's been proven in one of Arkham City's DLCs that sidescrolling Arkham combat works. Sadly I had terrible problems with the way that Batman selects who he's fighting. His cape stun, which normally should 'follow' enemies, simply extends to a small range just in front of Batman. When I ask Batman to counter, there is a terrible delay of roughly a second, which generally translates to Batman getting slogged in the back of the head.There are puzzles to solve with your gadgets, which are generally simple and relatively easy to solve. However it's a welcome change from Blackgate's clumsy combat system. There are lots of platforming opportunities which are good and generally easily accessible, except for one particularly frustrating jump toward the end of the game in the Arkham Wing. All in all I enjoyed the traversing and movement systems.There are only two bosses that I enjoyed (The Joker and Solomon Grundy). Other than that, the other bosses were either infuriating/annoying or poorly made (Black Mask, Penguin, Catwoman) or they were pathetically easy (Bronze Tiger, Deadshot).StoryBatman captures Catwoman and chucks her into Blackgate. A couple of weeks later, there's a big old riot down at Blackgate. Batman must swoop in and recapture the three big crime bosses. Familiar? It does have some good moments. The big draw of the story is to see the first encounter between Batman and Catwoman, and if you're a fan of Catwoman you'll like this story. An enjoyable, if somewhat predictable, story.Graphics, Atmosphere and SoundHonestly, no wonder everyone ditched Blackgate! The only really well done thing in terms of graphics are the character models for main characters, the cutscenes and some details in the environment. My main gripe is that essentially everything is brown and grey. The colour palette is incredibly sparse. No wonder the prisoners revolted; the place is outright depressing.The cutscenes are of a comic-book style which I really enjoyed watching as the story unfolded.Thug character models are pretty much all identical in terms of their archetype. Yes, I understand that it was a PS Vita game. But itwas. Surely they could've done something more to make it better looking for the PC players!I guess they nailed the atmosphere of a prison. I almost wished that they'd spiced up the look of it in some places, but if you're looking for a dirty prison vibe this game really nails it.In terms of sound, the game does it well. With good background music (that I think's been taken from Arkham Origins) and good voice acting all around, as well as the thumping of fists onto faces, they've done that really well.ConclusionBlackgate is about 50/50. The graphics aren't really up to standard in my opinion and the map... it's quite possibly the most annoying looking map I've ever come across through gaming. It's a 3D map filled with passages, pathways and dotted lines and it's hard to make heads or tails of it. But Blackgate has a good story, some good platforming and puzzles and sound design. It's a game that I most certainly wouldn't recommend to everyone, and it's obviously a divisive game. But if you're a Batman fan and you're willing to uncover a new story in another broken down prison, this game should suffice to distract you for about seven to eight hours.jmcone's Final Rating-Purchase on Sale"
,Not Recommended,267490,20206299,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Justikar,"Garbage that crashes on trying to start a game. ""Hey customers, we're super sorry that Arkham Knight ran like crap. Here, please have a free game that manages to run even worse."" -WB"
76561197971830997,Not Recommended,267490,22401207,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,korn152,Bad portThe combat doesn't even come close to other Arkham Series. Respond time is slow.
,Not Recommended,267490,22016144,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,HexGinnkgo,"It's just... I can't. I can't reccomend this game. And I want to. The visuals (being the hand drawn cutscences are great. The voice acting phenomenal though, it being a side game doesn't have near the amount as the main games. I can't get over how terrible the controls are. That's primarily it. I can see past the in game visuals. I have played worse looking games and loved them still. It's just the fact that it's so hard to play. If you REALLY want to experience this game find some lets play of it where they can speed you through the story and let it shine that way."
,Recommended,267490,22839301,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Katpanic,"A solid Batamn: Arkham classic 2D Metroidvania.While not as pretty as any of the other games in the series, its's definitely a good game. While it lacks the open world gameplay of Origins, City, and Knight, it still includes the stealth and exploration that the series is famous for.The appeal is more for poeple who like 2D metroidvania games rather than people who enjoyed the the other Arkham games. If you like both, you'll probably like this game."
76561198047505869,Recommended,267490,22774694,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,RASPUTIN,"Good game overall. The idea is good, but still has some basic flaws.Combat and movement are a little dummy, even if it's a 2.5D game there are some stuff that shouldn't happen on these days.Story is great, all the detective side is a cool thing.Basically: Fun game, not fantastic, but enjoyable.Would recommend."
76561198066708461,Not Recommended,267490,21065721,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Zblade,What were they thinking of porting this to consoles and pc. I have played this on handhelds and it was average but i never wanted it on consoles or pc. All thats added is some skins but the graphics look like the vita version. Sure it runs at 60fps but i wouldnt buy it just for that. The combat feels like arkham asylum but worst and the stealth mechanics feel lazy. I wouldnt recommend this unless your a huge batman fan.5/10 games ok but buy it for handheld if you have the choice.
76561198095915128,Not Recommended,267490,21068962,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,John Joaneh,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME... let me save you the trouble having played it. its like a DLC to origins that drags on for too long. theres nothing here worth playing. even for the die hard batman fans. the only thing thats worth seeing is the movie gallery. where youll see clips of whats happening. search them on youtube or something instead of buying this.if you disregard me and buy it anyways, read the following after beating it: ""I TOLD YOU SO"""
76561198144050453,Recommended,267490,20925388,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Mount And Do You,This game is a helluva lot more fun than it has any right to be.
76561198261197586,Recommended,267490,20984002,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,marianoyuba,"I've played a bit, and really, while by no means is this anything like a full Arkham installment (I saw plenty of reviewers expecting it to be, not realizing it is a PORTABLE adaptation), it manages to be a fun little game! The mechanics are, for the most part, well translated into a 2D plane, and the exploration is quite similar. The combat IS a little stilted and not quite fluid as in its big brothers, but it definitely works and is fun (Though sliding is rather missed for some quick knockdowns). The only cons are the little ""animated"" snippets...and lots..LOTS of bactracking, but the story seems cool (Nice to see the beginnings of Bats' and Catwoman's relationship) and the Arkham essence is all very much there! I don't know if i'd buy this full price, but i got it on sale, and it was WELL worth the 5 bucks! A nice weekend hobby and a cool way to keep experiencing the Arkham world (Now that i've finshed all 4 main games). BE THE (slightly smaller) BATMAN!"
,Not Recommended,267490,21020338,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,djayard,"The game suffers from terrible controls, which really sucks when you consider the main titles of the Arkham series. For example, countering requires the counter button to be pressed repeatedly in order for the game to detect the button press.Batman also seems to have terrible range with his aerial evade and cape stun attacks. Additionally, sometimes Batman fails to exit his evade animations in time to counter an enemy attack, and he attacks in the direction he was last facing without regard to your movement input, so you have to spend the extra second to turn him around. There's also the terrible choice of including stun baton enemies in the game despite Batman's terrible mobility.Lastly, there's the issue of the game being 2.5D instead of strictly 2D. The little extra bit of dimension is problem since there's no target prioritization in the game; Batman can end a beatdown prematurely just because another enemy happens to be closer to Batman on the in-out axis.This game is best for people who like to ""fight"" the games they play since this game is more annoying than fun."
76561198031068337,Not Recommended,267490,20990972,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,strogg_tank,"The game just doesn't start, and that's enough to not recommend this awful game. Fun thing is, I received this for ""free"" as compensation for having bought the broken Arkham Knight... that's a sick joke from whoever did this, do not buy, do not attempt to waste download time if you got it for free."
76561198125570724,Recommended,267490,18475001,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Shryne,"Pros:- Neat story/campaign- Cut scenes are in a comic book style- Great voice acting and great graphics- Multiple endings based on which of the three main villans is saved for last- Ok combatCons:- In-game map- 2-D (good or bad depending on personal preferences)- Collectibles (destructibles)- Game feels very tedious6/10Chronological order of the series and years they were released:- Arkham Origins (2013, main game in series)- Arkham Origins: Blackgate (2013)- Arkham Asylum (2009, main game in series)- Arkham Asylum (2011, main game in series)- Arkham Knight (2015, main game in series)There are also 3 Android/ iOS games:- Arkham Origins (mobile, 2013)- Arkham City Lockdown (2011)- Arkham Underworld (2015)"
76561197995690613,Not Recommended,267490,19846033,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,randyhoar,"Doesn't even come close to the other Arkham games. Story is bland, combat is buggy, gadgets are extremely limited and predator scenarios are sorely lacking."
,Recommended,267490,18144857,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Dimension Five,"Your trapped in a maze with a useless map.  The combat is borderline broken - losing all the finesse of the other Arkham games.  That said the voice acting is spot on, there is a decent comic book style story playing out as you go; if your a fan of the Arkham universe that might be enough to warrant a playthrough.  I'd say grab it if its on sale and your interest is peaked for some more narrative in the batverse.  Otherwise just give this one a pass as the bat didn't adapt all that well to the 2.5D world."
,Not Recommended,267490,18146692,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Baaliefiy,"omg what on earth have they done to the series?  So, So boring."
,Not Recommended,267490,14062456,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Goglabesh,"So this game sucks.Combat is ridiculously clunky, the comic book style cutscenes are boring to look at, and getting around the area isn't intuitive at all.Also an hour of that time was spent trying to kill a boss where it wasn't clear how to beat the 3rd stage of him... The last bit was crying over where to go next because it didn't make any sense whatsoever.I can't recommend this at all. Playing Arkham Origins (while not as good as City or Asylum) is a way better option than this."
,Not Recommended,267490,15233229,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mölvääni,"Only good thing about this game is batman.. And some nice little collectible item's and secrets and back up stories and such. and the 2.5D environment is actually neat.Okay it's ported from PSP or some other little platforms, but still some polishing even at least in the gameplay could've been nice.. bugs, clitches and boredom... That's how it took ages to complete, since I didn't feel atracted to this tittle.I paid 3,75€ for it and I'd say it's okay.. but not actually worth it if you're casual player.4/10"
,Recommended,267490,14779704,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,.Sn4ke 天 [Ryzen][Gigabyte],"I first gave this game a negative review, but besides it's flaws like the combat system and the confusing navigation map, it turned up to be a very OK game. I enjoyed it at the end, so yea... I recommend it, but don't expect much out of it, if you enter with high expectation you'll end up dissapointed.I only liked this game because it's part of the ""Arkham"" series, but it has some flaws. I can bear the ""2D-3D"" platforming, but the combat did not have to try to be the same as Arkham City or Arkahm Origins, it tries to replicate it's combat system, but it fails. It's glitchy. The stealth portion of this game also it's not so great, not very intuitive. The music and the sound effects are alright, and also the story itself. The graphics are what you would expect from a port comming from a portable system, and the cinematics are presented in digital comic style. I would not pay more than $3.00 for this game.I would have to give it a negative review just because it did not live up for the stantards set by it's predecessors."
76561198108648550,Not Recommended,267490,13535119,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PELE MELHOR DO MUNDO BR,me considero fan de batman pero esto es malisimo
,Not Recommended,267490,14152572,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,MadGonzo,"A nice game, but nothing more.Good playability, good graphics considering that is a port. Good plot.That's it, just a good game.I'm a huge fan of batman and the arkham series, but this game have disappointed me, I've expected more.I recommend only if you has patience to be a delivery boy, because there is a annoying come and go all the time."
,Recommended,267490,14340061,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Revanchist 47,"This is definitely not the best game out there, but for true fans of the Batman franchise or people who want the complete Arkham series experience, it is a fairly decent game. (Just not at full price. In no universe is it worth twenty bucks.)"
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,267490,14101508,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Flopy,artistic style is interesting but the game itself is just boring.
76561198028037865,Not Recommended,267490,14148575,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,JIN0203,WORST GAME
,Not Recommended,267490,14841185,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,DocM2K,"It's... not very good. I mean, if you have played the other games in the series, this is the worst one.The voices and graphics are decent, but the plot is another rehash of the same villains doing the same stuff, the environments are repetitive and drab, and a couple of the boss fights are near-impossible to figure out. The ending doesn't make a lot of sense.Overall it's a decent Batman timekiller if you're waiting for Arkham Knight and have finished the rest of the series. Not worth more than $5 tho."
76561198046299128,Not Recommended,267490,14993535,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Phantom,"Just a pale imitation of the truly Batman Arkham franchise. The only reason to play is the story & it's not that great. Dealing with a confusing to read map, poor controls, weird mechanics, etc just sucks the fun out of the game."
,Not Recommended,267490,14304037,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Showboat,"Arkham Origins Blackgate carries an impressive title, if nothing else, thanks its brethren in the arkham series. Unfortunately, a title is all it seems to have.Blackgate offers players a multilayered 2D approach to batman, not terribly unlike some of the challenge maps in Arkham City. It's also more of a comic book experience than a cinematic one, with framed panels guiding certains segments of story. A cute, and with the right atmosphere, fun dynamic. Neither are things that Blackgate seems to master.Blackgate, in contrast to its Arkham series cohorts, is slow instead of fast, chunky instead of fluid, poorly structured instead of well built, and ultimately just dissapointing. The story is contrived, the controls are terrible, and the graphics mediocre. The audio is bland, the cast is stale, and whatever minute shreds of personality batman brought to these games from the beginning is almost completely gone.Blackgate is piggybacking on the success of the other arkham games in the worst possible way - unimaginatively. I'm willing to turn a blind eye to some piggybacking in the gaming industry (looking at you Kirby, Banjo/Kazooie, and Spider Man) but with the one caveat being that it's creative. If you have to hijack a moneymaking figure in order to pioneer an interesting/innovative style, dynamic, or otherwise new aspect of a game, so be it. But blackgate doesn't do that - not even a little. It uses a pre-existing formula for construction, a pre-existing character/series/universe for storytelling, a pre-existing gameplay paradigm for playability, and it does all of those things without a shred of originality or creativity. To me, that's just lazy. And to associate with a triple A title, with laziness of THIS calibre is unacceptable.Blackgate is, unfortunately, garbage. It's a prime example of something that could be good with some work and effort, but just isn't because it wasn't granted those things. I wanted it to be good and it let me down. Save yourself the time, energy, and if you still have it, the money. Don't bother with this.TL;DR: Nope. Don't play it. Bad quality all around."
,Recommended,267490,25712776,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,EpicSab3r,"i love anything batman related, movies tv games. comic books everything involving the caped crusader. as deeply in love as i am and never thought there would be anything else that could make me love batman any more than i do, until this game. its an incredible blend of action gameplay and a comic book. i love the comic book feel with the artwork like video storyline. 1000000000000000000000000000000000000/10 !!!!!!!!!!"
76561198142985130,Recommended,267490,25700161,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DatOneHomie,Pretty good game. Irritating that i had to play three times to get 100% but other than that was fun.
,Recommended,267490,25776795,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,#Keeios,Awesome Game great graphic
76561198124350113,Recommended,267490,25767993,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,richwalker13,"A surprisingly enjoyable metroidvania game.Don't come into it expecting anything like the Arkham games, this 2.5d platformer only has rudimentary fighting and stealth sections but there's a  whole lot of climbing, swinging and backtracking.It's not without flaws, the voice acting is flat, the story forgetable and the Vita-port graphics are good but not amazing however it engaged me enough to make me finish the story and restart new game plus"
,Not Recommended,267490,20715744,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,M I Abrahms,"I'd say I'm glad I didn't have to pay for this game, but I'm still out the time I spent playing it.This was originally a mobile version of the game, and it doesn't even feel like a good one. Everything about an Arkham game is so stripped down to the bone that it feels more like a third party cheap knock-off than an actual game in the franchise.Every aspect of the game, from the combat to the upgrades to the story to the Secrets feels like a step down from even Arkham Origins.In the end, don't waste money on this, and if you get it for free, be really curious as to WHY."
76561198083106284,Not Recommended,267490,21397803,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Yurei,"A black mark of shame on the Arkham series. Just a bad port of a somewhat obsure PSP game.Oh, well, at least I got it for free as an apology from Rockstar."
,Recommended,267490,21294005,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Connor Beale,"I honestly think this is a great game and a brilliant spin-off to the Batman: Arkham Origins game. Sure it probably fares better as a PS Vita game and there's no denying how convenient it is to have it available on PC for those who don't own, can't afford or even see the value in buying a PS Vita. Any Arkham series devotee already has this in their library and some, like myself, enjoy it for its refreshing 2.5D platformer style. It's one fault (IMO) is the slightly sluggish freeflow combat."
76561198067847680,Recommended,267490,21296156,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Niveous,Absolutley love this game!
,Not Recommended,267490,23093620,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,残暴大表哥,A PIECE OF BIG BAD BATSHIT. FOR FREE.
,Not Recommended,267490,31475681,Posted: 30 April,all,Schwifty Stardust,"You see, the thing about Arkham Origins Blackgate is that it was originally a game for the Nintendo 3DS and Playstation Vita.And you know what? It really shows, because I am not impressed with what I played.If I had bought this on a handheld, it probably would have been more worthwhile, since this game was very clearly not made with PC in mind.If you want an Arkham game to start out with, I'd reccomend either Arkham Asylum or Arkham City. Even at a discount, Arkham Origins Blackgate is not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,267490,31579530,Posted: 6 May,all,Starred Hamster,Terrible gameplay and control especially.
76561198121651355,Not Recommended,267490,31669641,Posted: 10 May,all,No Retribution,"I bought this thinking more batman...sweet. I regret that impulse.The game isn’t awful. It is playable but don’t expect much. The combat is janky, the map is a pain to read and the levels are like mazes which contributes in a lot of back tracking which isn’t fun and on top of all that the story sucks.I wouldn’t waste your money on it for more batman like I did."
,Recommended,267490,33796247,Posted: 25 July,all,Rapxtor,"I look at some reviews and really dont understand how this game can be compared to other Batman games, people dont like bc it isnt the same? It was never intended to, this was kind of a spin off using the Batman theme, tough the story is some kind of linked to all the other Batman games and the gameplay follow the same pattern, this is 2D side scroll game, putting it at the same level of A.Asylum or A.City is just unfair for what the devs tried to achieve.This game takes you back to the early days of backtracking, there isnt any fast travel points, so, to pick early stuff, you just have to go there, tbh, to really appreciate this game, you have to forget everything you know about Arkham games and go in was new experience (let`s be honest here, if there wasnt any Batman game yet, this game was awsome was Batman title).One of my disappointment with this game, was the structure of the map and layout of the 2D levels, they were confusing at some points and you'll find yourself lost when backtracking for pickups, specially the first time around the game.You are ""forced"" to explore and find hidden areas, to pick most of the upgrades, so, climb vents and scanning items to progressed through the story, will be important part of your experience.The combat when first playing will come off as slow for some, but as you upgrade Batman, your speed in combat will increase more, making it more interesting and challenging.The community was a bit harsh on this game because they were expecting the AAA Batman Arkham treatment, and tought the developers did a good job, still miss out on much more potential here, like a more elaborated story and larger levels, to name a few, would make this game even more pleasant to play like the old Metroid series.This game isn't for everyone but i would recommend this for anyone who love 2D side scroll games, this is a solid game on that regard."
76561198128696700,Not Recommended,267490,25738313,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Hazy - vOiD,This is a 3DS PORT!AND THEY CHARGE $20 FOR IT!DO NOT BUY IT!i hate it...Cons--Controls Suck!-Combat SUCKS!-Graphics Sucks!-Story Sucks!-Its a Side Scroller!Pros--NONE!-THIS GAME SUCKS!
,Recommended,267490,35482621,Posted: 4 October,all,Daniel V. Moore,"The boss fights and level design in this game are absolutely sublime, and keeping tabs on where everything is during multiple forays through the map is all kinds of fun. TheDonkey Kong-esque fight with Penguin and POV sniper battle with Deadshot are especially incredible, and far outclass their analogues inArkham City. Taking down Joker was also hilarious and challenging, and I don't think I've ever laughed so much during a boss fight where I kept dying.The art direction is also frequently jaw-dropping, especially during the Catwoman boss fight, the Lighthouse puzzles, and a few Industrial area segments that feel more like an alien spaceship than Blackgate Prison. Often feels likeRaymanmeets Arkham Batman. Whoever drew and mapped out this game were clearly brilliant, and really put their soul into it.However, fighting thugs is clunky, the cutscenes have cringey dialogue, and there's no replay system that would let me have another crack at the boss fights without 10 hours of gameplay.But still, highly recommended. Would play again."
