user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197971069299,Not Recommended,267750,15633685,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Agent Monocle,"First off, this game was not developed by Harebrain Studio, but another developer, Cliffhanger. While not a bad thing in itself, I did expect their own take on the Shadowrun title. After hours of playing Shadowrun Chronicles, it seem the games from each developer share little in common other than the Shadowrun universe. So I make the opinion of if you wanted another Shadowrun Returns/Dragonfall, you should wait for Hongkong otherwise you'e getting a more action oriented Shadowrun with a linear story. It's not exactly worth its price tag right now.Chronicles is a stripped down version of Shadowrun Returns in almost every aspect. What I can say about the story is that they released the first chapter for the game and I think it is somewhat bare bones. The chapter has set up a pretty good premise with a decent plot revolving around a mysterious infliction and a dragon. Unfortunately I believe it falls flat on developing any good antagonists or story companions at all. What pieces of characterizing is through nodes you click on and read while doing a mission, which seems lazy to me. What I also feel I need to say is that there are no dialogue options at all. There's little to no decision making throughout the game so replay value relies solely on trying out different character play styles.There is a hub of npcs like Shadowrun Return, which they're placed just as merchants, offer main quests and side quests or adding a small amount of context to the world. Currently, there is one major hub for the game and you don't really travel beyond that. Perhaps we will able to travel to different locations in future content.What is different is that the game is unlike its predecessor is fully online. Meaning you are playing on server and requires to have an internet connection. It also means that if the server is lagging, there will be time delay in your actions in and out of a mission.The real divergence is in the skill system. There are no attribute scores like Shadowrun Return of any sort instead skills are packaged into different sections: Mind, Body, Blade, Blunt, Hacking, Rigger, Pistol, Automactic, Shotgun, Spellcasting and Summoning. You invest skill points or Karma into these skill sections. Investing point grant abilities and passives of sorts. There are some synergy between abilties and passives, but not much depth to it. It seems right now there is no cap limit to amount of karma you can earn, but there is no way to get a refund on your karma or respec unfortunately.I want to mention that there is no matrix combat in this game. Hacking is now apart of other ""unlocking"" abilites (Organ Harvesting, Picking Locking and Demolition) that allows you to open doors to loot random items while doing a mission. Also there is only right now a very crude character stats page showing only what tier of skills you invested, but no details in what your hit percentage, critical strike, and such.The combat is where the meat of the game is. It's a turn base strategy game with usually four teammates. These characters can be henchmen of your choosing from a random list of mooks. who are not customizable at all.  It can also be someone you can invite a player from either a friend list or out of the chat channels. Unfortunately, there is no quick start or looking for group system in the game making it not so much user friendly for those who are shy or whatnot.The gameplay itself is often described to be similar to XCOM games where your characters are relatively fragile and getting hit by anything can be lethal or at least very damaging. So the game revolves around getting your character into a good placement to flank or take cover from your enemies. I like mention there is no types of cover in this game such light, medium or heavy cover. It just cover now.The enemy AI is pretty solid in that they'll try to on the most part get into cover and flank. Also they will try to focus fire, which can be good and bad.The missions themselves get rather repetitive and bland as you go along. It so far consists mostly eliminating all enemies or defending an area or character with some minor nuances. The same could be said about mission environment as you sometimes play the same map with different objective at times. As for enemies variety is pretty decent in what you fight as you progress with occasional boss fight.Since this game is considered a ""MMO"" or Massive Multiplayer Online and with that end game content should be discussed. As of right now, there's literally none. You cannot do anything after finishing the chapter, but you can join other player's story progress to garner more karma. Making end game content into a grind fest of sorts. Cliffhanger have announced they are going to release end game content soon though.What is missing though, if you have played XCOM or other Shadowrun games, is Overwatch. Overwatch allows you act against any enemy that enter your view range. It is considered to be one of the key elements for this genre that helps your charactes from being rushed by the enemy.What I wish it had as well is cover/environment destruction like in XCOM. It has little to none of it this game, which was rather disappointing in hindsight. I believe it would made battles more dynamic and more complex than its simple current form.Bottomline is that there is more work to be done for Shadowrun Chroncicle if it going to be more of an action packed game. In its current state is a very mediocre game that like other co op games gets somewhat better if played with a chummer or a friendly community player. I feel so far I have not gotten my money worth out of the game so I am inclined to not recommend it right now."
,Not Recommended,267750,16920617,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Azundris,"Another ""I rather enjoyed this, but it's also deeply flawed, so how do I rate it?""WHAT'S GOOD?- I found it fun (or at least addictive) despite of all the below (except for the times when I was really annoyed at the braindead UI, bored by the repetitive maps or by playing the blue challenge for the 50th time, etc.).WHAT'S BAD?Apparently, the developers filed for whatever the Austrian equivalent of a Chapter 11 is, and it shows. A lot of the time, the game feels half finished, or at least severely lacking polish:- Skill descriptions are vague, and you can't reset your build, so your first character is essentially a crapshot.- Apparently, characters are also only saved server-side (and you only have three slots), so you can't fix a bad decision by restoring a backup. That's just never acceptable in the age of near infinite local storage.- There isn't a run where someone doesn't curse the UI, usually that thing where you set up and action, then somebody else moves, and your action type resets. If that's the exact moment you're clicking as well, be prepared to execute the worst possible move.This is the first turn-based game I've played, and even I could think of better ways to handle this -- do NOT reset turn, just blink the moving party's icon for 2 seconds while greying out everybody else's and not accepting input, for example. Also, you really need to turn off the action camera, otherwise you'll just never get a decent turn in edgewise. Also not fond of the game scrolling the map to show you something while you're trying to look at something else. There must be a better way to do that -- picture in picture, map overlay/radar with new spawns giving a brighter ping, SOMETHING.- Half the lines are voiced (usually very, very badly), the other half are just click-through text. It'd be nice if you could turn off the click-requiring in-mission narration at least.- The writing's really not that good. It's that of an OK round of pen & paper where the GM does alright, but doesn't have their finest hour, but it's not the effort you'd put in when you expect thousands of people to engage with the story. If this were single player, this would absolutely kill the game; in co-op, where the team experience is more important, and people often miss intricacies of mood and story over coordinating, it can just about be pulled off.- The NPCs are OK, but again nothing like in, say, Shadowrun Returns, where they actually make you feel sad that a character they introduced only 5 minutes ago is dead.- The maps are OK, if rarely super exciting, but you keep playing the same ones (e.g. there's a container yard or a stretch of sewers you keep going back to again and again -- you start in different positions and encounter different mobs, but this is still a bit meh for the price point the game was sold at). Unsurprisingly, the maps I remember favorably are the ones that only appear once -- the showdown, the one where you have to get to an exec's top floor office in time to save him, and a short sequence of maps in Act 3 where you infiltrate the evil corporation's facility from the sewers, including The Bridge.- There is a friend list, but no friend chat, where you can actually ask people in private if they want to play and what, or, you know, just chat.- The turn indicator uses drawn rather than rendered character portraits, so they rarely match the actual avatars and, worse, often repeat within the same team, making them needlessly unhelpful. (A lot of the time, the art isn't even particularly appealing, making this decision even more puzzling.)- Kickstarter backers got a special mark -- bragging rights, awesome --, but the Deluxe packs include ""zero essence cyberware."" That's probably just some small thing, but why give the bad taste of pay to win for a small thing's sake?- All around lack of Quality Control. Did they really just get an Achievement description wrong? Also, is there a reason some of those achievements don't even work?- After completing the story and side missions, you can do the Blue Challenge (the Red Challenge hasn't been added at the time of this writing) over and over, but you can't restart any of the other missions, do new game plus, anything like that. You can make a new character (but remember, you've only got three slots!), or you can be invited by a player who hasn't completed all missions, but remember, you'll be doing the same maps that already are repeated WITHIN a regular play-through AGAIN. It gets a bit bland.- So, the Blue Challenge. It's kinda fun as a team sport, but especially the first wave of three is extremely formalized and samey, but can't be skipped. At the same time, one false move especially in wave 3 can get the entire team killed, so a good number of players are hostile to running with first-timers. You also get special loot that you can't get anywhere else. Some of it is actually good in numeric terms, but a lot of it is bragging rights stuff (clothes, or weapons that are slightly different from their regular variants, but not really superior to them). Combined with the fact that they'll happily give you loot you've already got or loot that doesn't match your skillset (magic focus for a character with 0 essence, say), and the fact that YOU CAN'T TRADE ITEMS, be prepared to repeat the challenge many dozen a time if you're looking for a specific item. Yes, I'm aware that some other games do the same thing, but that just means they also employ lazy mechanics to generate play-time. Which, you know, isn't the same as actual enjoyment.- The runs are almost exclusively, go out, kill things. I'm not necessarily complaining; detective bits for instance are harder to make replayable, or make work in co-op (especially for teams where some know and some don't), I'm just giving you a heads-up for your decision. :)  On the upside, this game has the least annoying escort missions I've seen in any game. (Also, as turn-based goes, I'm told that this is somewhat simplistic in its options. My home team mate who knows much more about turn based than I do never really got into this game, and has yet to take the challenge.)VERDICTAll in all, it's a deeply flawed gem, all of which could be fixed in one fell swoop by releasing dev tools to the community -- to the extent that that's even possible for their centralized model. Steam Workshop SR:C? Hell yeah! More map variety? Check. Writing on par with main game? Most likely. Mods with no or bad voice work? Will blend right in. I'm not even being sarcastic; I think dev tools would really save the value proposition of this game and engage the community, while the downsizing company presumably will have to cut back on content creation.Until such a time as that happens, if ever,- don't buy at full price- be aware that the product is somewhat limited and basic in every way, from the unrefined UI to repeating maps.I've enjoyed the game, and I expect to meet the Red Challenge when it comes out, but with such a lot of caveats needed, I can't in good faith give an unqualified Thumbs Up (but then that whole tumbs thing is stupid, anyway -- give us 1..10 or something like that, Valve!)."
,Not Recommended,267750,19339354,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,HA HA HA. Oh Wow.,"Shadowrun Chronicles is essentially just a cyberpunk MMO someone slapped a Shadowrun sticker on.  Truth be told I got it on sale for a mere $12 or so, and honestly I feel that's probably a fair price for what I did get.  It's playable, I can see myself sinking some time into it just to get a turn-based squad combat fix.The game itself is extremely linear, you have no dialogue options which kills immersion.  Playing a Summoning character, it baffles me that any time an NPC mentions something magic related my character responds like he's never summoned a spirit in his life.On top of that skill trees are treated less like Shadowrun build options and more like shoe-horned generic MMO.  For example, my character is a summoner.  I can summon a bear... that's my only option.  In a true shadowrun game i'd be summoning all manner of spirits.  I'd also not be a 'Summoner' I'd be either a mage or shaman who also summon spirits, not so much here.Basically everything that the Shadowrun Returns series has done absolutely correct the team behind Shadowrun Chronicles has decided to not do at all.My suggesiton? If you haven't purchased Shadowrun Returns, Dragonfall, or Hong Kong, use your money for those.  They'll give you a more genuine Shadowrun experience.If you want a game where the developers clearly didn't know anything about the Shadowrun universe... go with this game and you too can own an Ares Predator pistol with an ammo capacity of 4..."
,Not Recommended,267750,10578983,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tei,"Doing a quick once-over for the game again since my intial review, I've found that it has improved dramatically. Unfortunately, I would still not recommend it to anyone but the most hardcore of Shadowrun/Isometric Strategy fans.However, it is still very incomplete. And I would recommend waiting until it is finished before purchasing.Once the game is finished—which could take a very long time at this rate—it should be okay at the very least, which is a massive improvement from what it was previously; a poorly written, buggy mess that played like a poor man's XCom."
76561197972311311,Not Recommended,267750,30127855,Posted: 23 February,all,WarForged,"I love Shadowrun. I used to GM a tabletop game when I was younger, the new Shadowrun Returns -> Hong Kong are great. Look at my Profile, I built up the Level 5 Badge for two of them! That said... Shadowrun Chronicles is just not good. It's a turn based game akin to X-Com, but don't expect half the quality of that sort of game. This does just enough to qualify as a game and that's it.So what's my issue with it? Firstly, it doesn't stick to anything Shadowrun, it doesn't have the statistics, it doesn't have the skills, it doesn't care about what your character can do, it doesn't care what your character background is. It lets you select two weapons and go from there.Decking is a weapon. Don't expect any Matrix, it doesn't exist.So okay, we have a game with orks and trolls, weapons and magic, in a futuristic X-Com style setting, right? Sound good? It's not. You can move, you can shoot, that's it. There's no overwatch, no covering angles, you can sit in cover and watch the enemy run around you and shoot you in the back, even though you had a turns worth of actions left to do something about it. There's no tactics here, it's all about kill or be killed.It's a shame because, as I said at the start, I love Shadowrun and a multi-player game where you take on runs sounds awesome, but unfortunately.. it's not.I bought this on a Steam sale so I'm not that annoyed, but if I paid full price I'd be feeling pretty annoyed about now. Avoid. Seriously."
,Not Recommended,267750,17635998,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,riotmonster,"I did not enjoy this game, and the reasons are as plentiful as they are egrigious;1) Despite shifting from a zoomed out out more-or-less ""flat"" aesthedic to a 3D one, the execution was poor. The charaters are kind of blocky and the effect is like the shift Command & Conquer made with Generals.2) The voice acting was halfassed and oddly implemented; only in the second half of the game to the actors seem to to try. Additionally, only a handful of characters have a voice, and not even all of the main dialouge NPC's.3) The story is blunt, dry, and plays through like a poor imitation of previous Shadowrun stories, but written by someone with only as shallow understanding of the shadowrun universe. In short, I was bored before I got halfway through.4) The upgrade tree and combat mechanics are really watered down compared to previous Shadowrun titles. It feels very limiting and removes a large degree of tactical planning.5)The missions are extreamly repetative, going so far as to frequently recycle stages.6)The ""minions"" that are avalible seem to be completely random and have zero basis in wherther they die or not or what mission you are playing.This game feels like a hack job looking to exploit the Shadowrun reputation for profit. Don't buy this game. I regret every cent."
76561198154025830,Recommended,267750,14458183,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mojo Amok,"This is a top down 3-D, RPG-LITE, turn based tactical game with short, combat-oriented missions. The game design decisions are built around the idea of quick play for Co-Op: from the UI, to the tactical choices to the repercussions for individual actions, everything converges to generate a combat-focused fast-play experience by turn-based standards.RPG or Tactical?As something of a hybrid Tactical-RPG title, I would say its leaning markedly towards the tactical end of the spectrum. If you’re coming in expecting a full-blown RPG with a dynamic interactive story, you’ll likely be disappointed, as the efforts of the developers is more oriented towards generating a dynamic tactical game with high replay value on their content (ie. mostly gratuitous gun-fights with bodies dropping all around). The story telling emphasis has increased markedly with the latest April updates, so while it's not a branching story with player choices altering the narrative, it does have a good plot and a good immersion with a large number of NPCs to interact with (and mixed but overall very good voice acting mixed in too).Character BuildingCharacter creation is also more like a richer version of a tactical squad based game than a full-blown RPG. Everything is skill tree oriented, and its like a much larger X-Com mechanism with a linear progression down each tree and many of the progressions offering “this or that” choices. Characters can have two weapon trees active, plus two trees filled with passive abilities, which in many cases are kinda like what attributes would do in a traditional RPG system.It seems implicit that they first decided on the combat mechanics and then built the character skills and abilities while trying to keep things balanced, like you’d expect in a tactical game. It was not designed to cater to people who bought the game so that they can build a very specific sort of mage or what have you, so everyone would do well to know that before purchase.Visual customization of your character is all about a wide and ever growing wardrobe of exotic fineries and sultry rags. Its still a work in progress, but it's extensive now and will continue to get expanded upon post launch.CombatThis is really the strength of the game. As noted, the core philosophy is quick play, and this has come together very nicely with game mechanics that generate decisive results off of single actions. What does that mean? Well, good shots with a clear line of sight or done with melee weapons have a VERY high chance to hit. Likewise, getting hit does a LOT of damage in relation to most characters ability to take damage. Things are quite furious here, so its basically the opposite from the Shadowrun Returns attritional combat model where firefights drag out and sometimes see characters get hit with an assault rifle and it degrading their hit points by 8% in extreme situations. Conversely, targets that are buttoned up behind cover have a much lower chance to hit, so you're really encouraged to use sound tactics and maneuver.There’s also interesting dynamics with a rock-paper-scissors aspect based on physical-tech-magic damage and armor, some targets being extremely vulnerable to one, but immune or resistant to another (physical damage being the ‘safe but doesn’t open vulnerabilities’ option). There’s also a marking system where deckers and magic users can “mark” a target that opens up the abilities for other team members attacks.I personally would endorse the AI as being respectable as well. The melee based enemies are aggressive and generally just try and bum-rush you, while the missile enemies play it much more conservatively and use cover. While there are the occasional bad moves, they generally put together a coherent strategy with the more purely missile oriented forces I've seen in the game really trying to probe around my flanks.Multiplayer or Singleplayer?You can play either way. There’s 4 player Co-Op, but you can also easily play single-player by running the whole team yourself (your main character and 3 Henchmen). Co-Op is REALLY fast as everyone is allowed to move right when the player turn starts - when one person initiates a move, everyone freezes while that's finished, but there's no waiting on someone else unless they're the last person to move that turn. Get with a team that knows what they're doing and its maybe 30 second turns - very fast pace for turn based! It takes a whole different tactical approach and I found myself fairly terrible at it after being used to controlling the whole team, but all the mechanics come together beautifully to keep the game moving.There’s also global chat and I’d say its generally quite friendly, as we might expect in a game that’s currently Co-Op oriented.There isn't PVP yet, but they’re working on it, though deathmatch style PVP between mature runners probably isn’t coming anytime soon (major balancing issues there with the high end PVE abilities, stun combos and so on). However, one of the ideas is to have asymmetrical PVP where one set of players takes the runners and the other controls the Gang or Corporate troops. The other option is for an “Urban Brawl” with set teams of combatants without the high end abilities/kit. Not sure when this will be implemented.BugsOverall this is quite stable for me on a Mac. A new update can see problems but they get sorted quickly enough, with most bugs being more of the nuisance variety rather than CTD type stuff.Future ContentOne thing to keep in mind with SRC is that launch isn't launch in the way that a singeplayer game is. Its a pay once to play business model, but they're planning ongoing content updates for free combined with quarterly DLC, so development is ongoing in the style of Online games. So, expect lots of changes from the features offered, the game balancing and so on.Apparently new squad building mechanics are on the short list of features with the NPC Henchmen runners, which will add a lot for single player runs (or runs with 2 players with each controlling a single henchman).OverallWhether or not this is a good purchase for you really just comes down to the preferences of the individual here and your expectations. You’ve got a number of things that are well developed or emphasized and then a number of things that RPG fans would be disappointed not to see (and if its something that's going to really slow the gameplay down, it might not ever make it into this Co-Op focused game).SRC offers a unique package of turn based Co-Op (that can easily be played singleplayer) with brutal fast play firefights that still have that heroic feeling of ""I'm gonna rush in there with my Katana"". The story and atmosphere have improved by leaps and bounds this April, so you've got a good context to draw you in too. So long as you're not looking for a pure RPG experience, I feel confident to give SRC a solid recommendation as the 15-30 minute gunfights are great fun with a seriously addictive quality."
,Recommended,267750,9690300,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,1917,"Shadowrun OnlineCliffhanger StudiosThe Shadowrun IP has experienced a veritable rennaissance as of late. Shadowrun Returns and the expansion Dragonfall [Calling it DLC would be an insult] have met with mostly favorable reviews; I know I've enjoyed both quite a bit despite, of course, a few limitations. The pen and paper tabletop game, Shadowrun 5th Edition, has hit the ground running since its release last summer. Catalyst Games has said the core rulebook has broken all of its sales records. A deck building game, a la Android: Netrunner, a tabletop miniatures game, a la WH40K, and, a Euro-style tile-based board game are all in the works.So now we have Shadowrun: Online thrown into the mix.Right now it's PVP and 4 short missions. There is no tutorial - which is fantastic, btw, because tutorials are creepy and always trying to hold my hand. This means the art of war in Shadowrun Online must be extracted through trial and error. I actually felt relieved that I was expected to use my brain. The first time through I didn't pay much attention to what I was doing and got clobbered...fast...by the AI. The second time through I paid a little bit more attention, and realized some of the basic principles. After that, it became quite enjoyable. The world itself is pretty much non-existent at this point. But the game play is definitely there and it's good. The two characters you use throughout the missions synergize really well.One thing I would like to see would be a limitation to spells and ammo. One of the spells is kinda broken, not too much, but a bit. If they added spell drain, like in the tabletop, spellslinging would become a much more serious matter - right now it feels a bit OP. I also think ammo should be limited. There should be the danger of running out of ammo, in fact. I think that could add a lot to the tension of each match.I'll say this: they are very blunt about the current state of the game on their page. I found the warning to be commensurate with the build.Getting it now means you'll get to know the game play, but not so much the world of Shadowrun. I recommend reading some background material here:http://www.shadowruntabletop.com/game-resources/shadowrun-timeline/Also, head over to amazon and order a used shadowrun novel [ .05 + 3.99 shipping lol]Edit: I want to mention that this game works really well with touch controls. Playing it on a touch screen laptop or tablet is lots of fun. Turn-based games and touch controls just make sense, and I'd like to see other devs follow Cliffhanger's lead on this."
76561198005618646,Not Recommended,267750,17908293,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ClockworkDragonKing,"TLDR: I want to like this game. I want to recommend it, but I can't. Too many problems despite great promise.I have played the hell out of this game, wanting to figure out what it was I was screwing up that kept me from ""gettink gud"". Unfortunately overall it's a screwed up design all around.The Big Problems (Many others have given much more in depth reviews on this)1. Really watered down skill system, no attributes, detailed stats, no meaningful multiclassing.2. They tried to design this MMOish thing that didn't quite take. Short version? Henchmen are weak, but there's no LFG function in the game. Just have to go through chat ala Warcraft 2003 Ironforge/Org. That's assuming the game doesn't break your mission and everyone has to restart.3. Armor system is seriously screwed. Every attack eats away your armor. Ok, so, build an evasion defense, right? One hit will blow through both your armor and your hps at higher levels. GG. Also, no overwatch, so yeah... Flanked=dead.4. There is no Adept tree, a classic of Shadowrun. Why does that matter? Crap armor design + no other mitigation options = a dead street samurai. Also, you only get two consumable slots. Need a heal? Too bad. Also, no mage healing...really? No regen... really? Don't even bother with melee.5. There are one or two builds that basically destroy everything. There's OP and then there's DAAAAMMMMNNNN... they got fudged up!I want to like this game, but, damn it... they just messed with the basic design of the Shadowrun IP so much that's it's just an exercise in frustration.It's turn based combat, on a Shadowrun IP, and they screwed it up. #fail"
,Recommended,267750,15585115,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Phenomen,"Pros:Graphic style is very similar to single-player Shadowrun: Return games and I like it.Coop mode is unique experience. It's similar to Divinity: Original Sin but gameplay is much more fast-paced (less roleplay, more action).Decent storyline, tons of side-quests.Nice difficulty. Success is based on tactics, not luck.Great cosmetic customization. Dwarf in bikini? Splinter Cell elf? Everything is possible! (you can find many cosmetic items in missions from random loot).Buy2Play. No extra microtransacrions. No F2P ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Cons:No roleplay, no branched dialogs, linear story. It will stay as it is because that's how game designed.User Interface - developers changed a lot of stuff recently and it's very new and unpolished yet. Many elements look out of place.No customizable henchmens.No PvP (but it's planned in near future).Lag. Servers under heavy load and such amount of players wasn't tested properly."
76561197979413802,Not Recommended,267750,16973392,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Gabenbringer,"Bought in the Preview Videos of Kickstarter.Liked them.Then they changed the system.Lost track.Produced turnbased tactics - without the fun.Play X-Com!Play Dead State!Play Shadowrun Dragonfall!!Play Sahdowrun Hong Kong!Let this one pass in Oblivion... like the creators, who are bankrupt now."
76561198024814518,Not Recommended,267750,14764695,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Bantak Kor,"I wanted to wait for the release date before I write anything, and now that the game has one I guess it's time to write a commend...  so why don't I recommend the game (at the state it is) ?Well I don't know how you guys play ShadowRun, but for me the ""legwork"" is the most important part of the game, the ""roleplaying"", the interaction with other characters, the information gathering, connection establishing, alternate route finding...  not the ""dungeon crawling"" and not the ""fights"" (or dice-orgies as I use to call them).As I'm experiencing the game right now, it has no legwork at all, no attributes(!), an absurd skillsystem (i gotta skill pistols to pick locks? shotgun-skilling helps me use explosives? And whats up with the strange race-boni? There are no social-skills of any kind since you don't need them.) it's just not a roleplaying game.(Skillsystem had a slight change since I wrote this, not enough to rewrite everything but I want to be fair so I add this, it's a little less absurd than it was before, as non-combat-skills have been moved to 2 new trees but still no social-skills or attributes)So what is it? Think of it as XCom, but only the battles and even those are not as good as XComs or Xenonauts.Yes there is kind of a hub in between the missions, but so far there is nothing important there. You can buy stuff, just like  in the village in Diablo, just less roleplay than in the village in Diablo (yeah hard to believe I know)."
,Not Recommended,267750,13950166,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Scriplin,"First off, I'd like to say that I will *gladly update my review* if this game comes to fruition, however, after reading other reviews and experiencing this game myself before and after the last update, I'm extremely doubtful.Going for a Q1 2015 release? We'll, we're in Q1, meaning the devs have less than 3 months to move this game into a release ready state.What is missing? Umm, everything?This game is in a state of ""hey I put something together for you to *look* at"" - this is not, imo, playable in it's current state.Sure, you can ""play"" but there are no MMO elements. No player to player transactions, I've yet to even see another player outside of a multiplayer mission.Right now, things are extremely clunky, extremely unfinished / unimplemented, and unless there's just massive updates that the devs have ALREADY DONE and have not released, there's just no way in hell this game is going to be ready for a Q1 2015 launch. Based on the commentary from the devs, it seems like we're pretty much getting things as they get completed, which means in reality, for this game to be ready for a launch in a state of actually being finished and a true 1.0 version, I'd say you're looking more at like, 2017, based on the frequency of updates and the fact that the game's already a year behind.I'm a big time fan of SR, and was really excited about this game after SR Returns and Dragonfall.The distinction needs to be made that this is not being made by the devs of the two games referenced above. Cliffhanger Productions has chosen their name appropriately, because right now they are hanging on a cliff, and I'm not sure how much longer their grip will last."
76561198050508150,Not Recommended,267750,19061471,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Heather,Game does not play like the actual Shadowrun games. This is an MMO with no ability to revive yourself in the game. Only so many turns to complete a quest if your main character dies and your team members survive.I did not like this game what so ever. I enjoyed the actual Shadowrun games on here but this... this game sucks. I got a refund on this.
76561198032411177,Recommended,267750,16757735,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Entropy,"This review is mostly for tabletop RPG fans(esp. those who have played SR tabletop).To all others: this is a really fun, turn-based tactical game in a really cool setting, that plays well in both single-player and multiplayer! So buy it for sure, if you like those kind of games!OK now for you tabletop RPG fans:2 things about SR Chronicles I REALLY like:1)  Hackers/Deckers are a completely viable, distinct form of combat all their own. They interfere with opponents’ cyberware & gear which can stun, damage, and debuff opponents. They can also buff allies, giving them bonuses to hit, for example. This is far superior to the tabletop SR game IMO. The great part is they do NOT need any LOS(line of sight), effectively “shooting” thru walls etc. (since they are using the matrix and/or wireless to access opponents), so go ahead & hide your decker behind walls, large cover, etc.Of course they can also use guns, magic, and/or rigging if built that way, but no NEED to!2)  No Increased # of actions in combat! Just 1 movement + 1 action per player per round. I have been saying for YEARS multiple action passes in combat need to go (in tabletop SR). They slow combat to a crawl. This game all but eliminates them (some few exceptions) which makes combat FAST, and much more FUN. Speed can still give you other bonuses, and yes, in a few cases an extra action, but it’s rare and doesn’t slow combat too much.As you can infer, it’s skill based, no classes. So you can be a Mage/Hacker/Blademaster if you really want to. You can also just specialize in one or two things if you prefer.Some very viable builds: Melee (melee does more damage than ranged in this game), Automatics (obvious), Hacking(see above), Spellcasting (tho nerfed compared to tabletop, to balance it). Rigging is said to be one of the best in single player campaign mode, but not good (ie. very challenging) when you get to the endgame/multiplayer. People seem to dislike summoning(they say it does less damage than everything else).All in all, it is a fun game. If you like turn-based RPGs, tabletop RPGs, or the pencil&paper version of SR, you should definitely check this out! The Boston setting is something different, too. And…Dragons!---https://steamcommunity.com/groups/graywalkers: upcoming supernatural, post-apocalyptic, turn-based tactical RPG!"
76561198026616081,Recommended,267750,15620693,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Hudson,"This game isn't bad, not bad at all. It's fun, actually. If you like the genre, you are about to have a good time.Sadly, this game has a lot of unused unfulfilled potential. It could have had deeper tactics.I bought this because it says ""Shadowrun"". And although it has cyberware and metas and magic and dragons, it lacks the flair, atmosphere and spirit of our most beloved cyberpunk version. Something that ""Shadowrun Returns"" and ""Dragonfall"" were all about.Still, this is a lot of fun."
,Not Recommended,267750,15616839,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,AetherDryth,"Short and sweet;If you liked the depth, the quality RPG and the tactical element to any of the previous shadowrun games, avoid this.I haven't been so bitterly disappointed in a game in quite a while. And that's after Evolve (That I rather enjoyed), Watchdogs, etc.There's no classes, no Overwatch, no difficulty settings, no 'AP' or ability points, ie, a set amount of points used to move, fire a certain amount of times. Instead you have 'Move'. And 'Shoot'(/melee attack). If you do the latter before the former, that characters turn is just over.All in all, the amount of things sacrificed in order to make the game easier and more.. 'user friendly'?? for people to pick up and play co-op, drastically outweighs the constant, unhideable chatbox that counts for player interaction.If you want a game for your kid to get into 'tactical' turn based RPGs, this is perfect. It feels, (and sounds. Ughh the voice acting and sound quality!) like a facebook game. All it's missing is an energy bar telling you to buy in game currency to continue.To clarify, there are no microtransactions in the game, but honestly, even if it were a f2p game, I'd of been disappointed with it still.So sad to see such a good name like Shadowrun, watered down so drastically. Either go full MMORPG, or stick to the singleplayer. Here's hoping SR:Hong Kong will go back to what we loved.EDIT: When the kickstarter says 'We've changed the name from 'Shadowrun: Online' because people were disappointed with their expectations of the product', I instantly thought, 'Oh cool, a standard singleplayer game'. How misled I was!"
,Recommended,267750,18967296,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,jeoc42,"So, a caustious recommendation.Here it is:Pros:This is an MPO shadowrun.The game captures the feel of shadowrun in the single player experience, or when running the content with friends with level appropriate characters.It is fun, and a good TBS-RPG hybrid.The community is mostly very good and fun.Good value for money for a pay-once, play till it dies MMO.Cons:It is not massively multiplayer.There is no real endgame content at this point. Once you finish the plot, you have 2 repeatable challenges. The infected DLC is some help, but this still puts it at ~25 hours per character to solo if you know the game well.It is not extremely dynamic, and the short development cycle and lowish budget are definately felt in comparison to more polished and funded MMOs.Matchmaking consists of yelling in global.In end-game, it is an RNG grind for loot at present."
76561197985467844,Not Recommended,267750,15839682,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ghost49X,"While this game has a nice foundation, I feel like it still lacks depth. Each of the skill trees are linear and looking at them there is a lack of variety of skills. For example the Spellcasting has 5 spells most of which are required to get further ahead in the skill tree, all the others are passives. Same goes for every other tree, skill points buys you drones which you all have to get in order to proceed down that path. Results? Mages will all look alike even if you cross train to be different you'll just look like every other Mage/shooter or whatever. Occassionally you will get a branching choice which will lock you out of getting it's opposite later on but for the most part these do little in diversifying characters.I can't recommend this game at this moment but hopefully they will expand on this later on and it will be worth it's price."
76561198051818674,Recommended,267750,13782323,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Done25,"The latest update brought with it a large number of changes, most of them for the better. I am looking forward to what the future will bring."
76561198023160130,Recommended,267750,15649103,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Granpadan,The game itself is fun. Its not old Shadowrun at all but looks like it. Many things are missing such as over watch. But its fun. Got my guy to 10 auto 7 body 7 mind and completed it all solo with my hired crew.  Not a big fan of playing with humans as many have very immature minds and mouths.Looking forward to expansions and I may even try joining a few groups will see.Otherwise I love the game content and will buy and or play any new content released.Thanks for a fun time.
,Recommended,267750,13938314,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Noctis,"This game is ""Early Access."" And for what it is right now I'd say they've done pretty damn good. I remember what this game was like in its first stage and I gotta say that it has come a LONG way from that. I'm looking forward to the new features and can't wait to see what they do with it."
76561197961230157,Not Recommended,267750,16956194,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Fucking Macquired,"Shadowrun Chronicles: Bawston Lawkdown (Cliffhanger Games - 2015)The Shadowrun universe is ♥♥♥♥ing cool. Originally a pen and paper RPG, it's set in a dystopic cyberpunk future where the coming of whatever age heralded the return of magic to the world. What results is combat involving rifles and electronics hacking alongside orcs with high tech axes and mages slinging fireballs. Large corporations hold most of the power and tend to have their own private armies ('Wage Mages'), making things difficult for the Knight Errant, the equivalent of the Police force.Gameplay wise it's a top down turn-based tactical RPG. Think XCom with more focus on the RPG elements. Unlike XCom though, Boston Lockdown is crippled by a lack of depth. The missions are generic: either kill everyone or kill everyone before they can get to a map point, the characters are shallow, the RPG development is wholly linear, the enemies are repetitive and predictable, and the maps are limited: within the first dozen missions we had played the same map three times, once starting from the other end. In terms of tactics, you have two options: move or shoot. There is no 'hunker down' or 'overwatch' option like seen in XCom, all cover is full cover and makes no noticeable difference to your defence.The turn based system is totally broken. The game gives your turn as a group, allowing the player with the fastest hands to move first. You can be mid way through selecting an action when the camera snaps to the player moving, forcing you to follow along before snapping back to your character and resetting your actions to the default selection, making you start planning again. This is even worse when moving multiple characters you control, as even if you move the camera while one character is moving, it will snap back to your character when they have finished moving, often ending up in misclicks in the gaming equivalent of having a website shuffle around on your phone just as you're clicking a link. Worse than that is when all of these happen at once - which happens with alarming frequency - causing a character that you didn't select performing an action you didn't choose in a place you didn't want.Currently on Steam for 30 ameribucks. Spend the extra 10 bucks and buy XCom: Enemy Unknown.'You are not authorised DocWagon personnel'1 star"
,Not Recommended,267750,29137295,Posted: 9 January,all,Wraith,"This game has a good concept. A multiplayer turn-based tactical game sounds great, and the Shadowrun universe has a ton of depth that can be explored to make it interesting.Unfortunately, what we have here is an essentially unfinished game which the developers have abandoned to go work on other projects, and as such I can't recommend buying this game at this time."
76561197995427314,Recommended,267750,15720919,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,HoroSaga,"Just two quick notes, before I set into this review. First, I'm going to be comparing this game to Shadowrun Returns and Dragonfall a lot, because it's the only other really equitable game to compare it to. Second, I'm ignoring the server lag for the purposes of this review. It's a known issue, and the developers have been very straightforward about trying to find a fix for it. They're a small studio, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt in that regard.First up, we have the good:1) Pretty graphics, relatively speaking. Chronicles obviously isn't going to set any records for having pretty artwork, but what's there is eye-catching and does a good job of setting the cyberpunk mood that Shadowrun so requires. The character portraits are hand drawn, coupled with decently detailed three-dimensional character models. From a character model standpoint, I'd say that it's prettier than Shadowrun Returns - though not by much.2) Adequate soundtrack. It's not something that will blow you away, but I found myself occasionally tapping my foot or my finger in time to some beat or another while I was killing badguys.3) Solid combat. It's not the most detailed system out there, but the combat system is adequately detailed (especially for a game that is in part being aimed at portable devices). Much like the more modern incarnation of XCOM, Chronicles uses a streamlined tactical combat engine with a square combat grid, directional cover, and percentage-based attacks. There are a variety of special attacks, and things like range, cover, and positioning will have a direct impact on what strategies you want to use during combat. Enemy AI is acceptable, with enemies generally making use of cover and doing an adequate job of trying to catch you off-guard (focusing fire on exposed targets, attempting to flank, using their own special abilities).4) Interesting, if linear story. The game is very linear, which can be a good or bad thing depending on what you're looking for, but what's there is fairly intriguing. It's not fantastic, but it at least has a good general grasp of the setting, and does a decent job of setting up a few big twists as it progresses. An important thing to keep in mind is that where Shadowrun Returns was set in the 2050s (surrounding the ""Universal Brotherhood"" incident), Chronicles is actually set in the 2070s. Technology has advanced to the point where things like bioware, nanotech, and wireless technology are commonplace. This is a small but important detail, especially for those who have previously played Shadowrun Returns or Dragonfall, but aren't otherwise familiar with the setting.5) Character customization. There are a decent number of options when building your character, including character portrait, gender, species, background trait, wardrobe, and a small number of starting skills. While there could always stand to be more options, there are a fair amount currently available. Physical options such as gender, species, wardrobe, and cyberware are all reflected visually on your character model.6) The community is great. Thus far, the community seems friendly and genuinely helpful. You get the occasional bad apple in the bunch, but most players will be quick to offer help when you need it, whether it's the answer to a question or another runner to help you through a tough mission. The system is set up so that ""griefing"" is difficult, with limited friendly fire and a ""shared loot"" system that prevents people from swiping your hard-won nuyen or karma out from under your nose. The devs even pop up on the Global Chat from time to time, to answer some questions or address concerns ""in person"".And then we have the bad:1) Streamlined = Simplified. Shadowrun Returns used a stripped down, simplified version of the Shadowrun rules system, but Chronicles goes one step further by simplifying it even more. There are currently only nine skill trees in Chronicles (seven weapon skills and two utility skills), and you can only use four of them on a character at a time (two weapon skills and two utility skills). Equipment progression is fairly linear, with most new gear being a straightforward upgrade without any need for real thought about how to equip yourself. You're occasionally presented with an option that actually matters to an extent (such as whether to use Cyberware, mutually exclusive skill options, or what two ""tactical slot"" items to take with you on a mission), but these kinds of decisions are few.2) Poor documentation. The game is still in a state of flux, because it's freshly released, and it went through a lot of revisions during the late testing stages. Some of the ability descriptions are poorly explained in the tooltips, and in rare cases they're actually incorrect (such as in the case of the Bioware Reflex Recorder or the Manabolt spell). Certain basic bits of information are withheld from you, though not deliberately - they simply haven't added in certain amenities yet. A detailed character sheet, for example, is very much needed. The devs have stated that they intend to address these issues, but they are currently low priority due to bigger issues (such as the server lag).3) Limited functionality. Much like with the poor documentation, there are a number of things that are planned but simply haven't been added yet. There's a Chat system, but it's currently very limited in what it can do. Certain basic functions such as ""Ignore"" or ""Whisper"" are not currently implemented, though they are planned. There's no buyback feature at merchants, so if you accidentally sell something, it's impossible to buy it back. There's no character respec system, which (coupled with the poor documentation on some abilities) can lead to great frustration when you pick a skill that you THOUGHT would be good but turns out to be useless. During missions, the sometimes clunky interface can often lead to mis-clicking or accidentally skipping your turn.4) Mildly lazy character/level designs. This is a debatable point, especially for a low-budget title like Chronicles, but it's worth mentioning since some people find it more annoying than others. While there are a lot of visual pieces of cyberware and clothing, many of them have clipping issues or odd limitations. Wearing a hat, for example, causes your hair to vanish. Wearing a longcoat causes your pants to vanish (though you can still equip some basic pairs of pants in your ""underwear"" slot). The pointed ears on most metahuman races WILL clip through pretty much any hat or helmet you wear, since they're all obviously designed for human heads. Maps are visually appealing and present tactical options, but many of the maps are re-used multiple times. They'll often try to obscure this by adding some new set dressing, or having you enter the map from a different direction, but you'll quickly start recognizing certain maps (such as the ""Warehouse"" map) because some are used for three or four separate missions.5) Limited content, lacks enough variety. What's in the game is fairly smooth and interesting, but there's just not enough of it - especially for a multiplayer game. The largest degree of variety you're going to run into is the runners created by other players, but the actual game itself is very limited. When it comes right down to it, there are only about twenty enemy designs in the game - which sounds like a lot, until you run into your fifteenth pack of barghests. Similarly, there aren't enough meaningful options for gear, or skill options, or character portrait options. The main story is ""only"" about twenty short missions (thirty if you count sidequests), which you can blow through in about a day of solid gaming.Final Thoughts: All told, Chronicles is a promising start to something that could be a great game eventually. For now, it's best for someone looking for a casual strategy game, or any enthusiast of the Shadowrun 5e setting."
76561198013202687,Recommended,267750,15387571,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Lancelot,İt is a pretty good scaled game for an early access game. Graphics and sound effects are good. Game mechanics and character progress are in good shape but character customization still need some work. You play with your main character and at beginning of each mission u can choose some company that will go on mission with you. I hope devs continue their good work up. Some X-Com game was needed at market at the moment and this game seems satisfactional for people who await for such a game.
76561198099643423,Recommended,267750,15580571,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Infinite Probability,"What can you say about this game? When it came out, it was just some very basic controls, and a few missions. Cliffhanger has really done a great, and I mean GREAT job fleshing it out, and giving it life. While not a MMORPG, the game does allow for you to group with friends and play through every scenario together. I play full fledged mmos, and most times I am in a four man party on those games, the same as in this game. So while you cant explore an open world, this world is just as exciting. Its gritty, it has fantastic genre music to immerse you into the Shadowrun world. The combat is seamless and enjoyable. You have great character customization availiable (skills) and even visual customization isnt bad (though most would say they wish they had more options, which I am sure they will add later).I think the absolute BEST part of the game, is that the dev team is in constant contact with its playerbase. Not only that, they take player feedback very seriously, and to heart. So much so that they completely recoded and revamped the game from scratch. They also did the same with the skill trees, using player feedback to sculpt them into more attactive and to be more viable.So if you love turn based combat, and cyberpunk mixed with magic, with a gritty storyline and ambiance; I encourage you to give this game a go. I predict this game being one of the hidden gems on the steam community."
,Recommended,267750,13862284,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Puppet,"It's absurd that so many people are judging this game as if it is complete instead of early access. The combat mechanics are fun, the game looks good, the missions show creativity and everything looks to be heading in the right direction even if the game isn't there yet.Plus this is the first game to let players form Shadowrunning teams online together and go on runs."
,Not Recommended,267750,26326064,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Running-Target,"I played and loved all the Shadowrun Returns series from HSB, but not liking this game Shadowrun Chronicles - Boston Lockdown from Cliffhanger at all.  This game completely pales in comparision to Shadowrun Returns series of games.The only redeeming quality this game has is the multiplayer Co-Op quest playing, which Shadowrun Returns series does NOT have.  The thing is the multiplayer is laggy, buggy and has potential to crash or servers will close if the game developer folds.It is more challenging playwise solo than SR, since you Don't have in-quest healing, do have lower hitpoints, limited armor and limited gear slots.  The shaman class is limited, so i have read.  Limited magic spells compared to SR.   Deckers do have more to do in combat, but no matrix runs.Character creation is weird, you are given a sort of hybrid avatar, then you have to spend your earned karma points on what skills you want to make the avatar into a class.  Does have early job skill buffs choices.  Does have more alternate path skills to learn like lockpicking, demolishing, organ harvesting, but those do take points away from combat skills.  Has an Either / Or tiered system of picking skills.Does have some better looking maps, npc and avatars than SR and has conversation voiceovers for avatars and npcs, with a Boston accent.Actually, good chance this game will fold, since the developer has been in bankruptcy. This game company has my sale price money as a donation.  Buy this on deep discount only.If you like Shadowrun PnP game, Shadowrun Returns series of games and turn-based Co-Op combat, you might like this game.  Read more reviews, forum and wikis, then watch playthroughs on video.For more info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i14qt5TffTUhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_dhg2Mktmchttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smIg5YzH7m4http://www.ign.com/videos/2015/05/05/shadowrun-chronicles-boston-lockdown-reviewhttp://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/shadowrun-chronicles-boston-lockdownhttps://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/04/30/shadowrun-chronicles-review/http://www.gamespot.com/reviews/shadowrun-chronicles-boston-lockdown-review/1900-6416166/https://www.destructoid.com/review-shadowrun-chronicles-boston-lockdown-290948.phtml"
,Recommended,267750,13895589,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,9ikat9sawasleva,"The game's getting better. Changes are very slow and painful, but there's undeniable progress from ""How could I be such a moron to buy That?""  to ""Oh, nice map, will have to check it in several months"". I can recommend only to follow the news and  check the reviews from time to time because the game can go both ways from the current state. Now it's not worth the money and isn't playable. But let's hope for the best and wait for Shadowrun they promissed us on kickstarter."
76561198027161483,Not Recommended,267750,13300955,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,smlemkvi,"As game stands (Dec 2014) it is not a MMORPG nor can I see a way it ever will be. It is a tactical shooter in the vein of the Shooter series (Zombie, Alien, Alien 2). It isn't bad just not what it claim to be and unless the dev is holding back on 95% of the game (with a Q1 2015 release) this will not become a MMO nor an RPG just another interesting tactical shooter. The IP, however, deserves so much better than this, so I would not recommend is you are after a Shadowrun MMORPG."
76561198035741015,Recommended,267750,15658060,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,THAC0,"the TLDR Section : I Recommend this game even tho the Lag is pretty bad at times.  And think most complaints are dumbNow the Real ReviewThe Major Negitive :Lag - The Servers are having issues the game did not get tested for Stress and what knock and as SUCH the game is suffering for a turn based game to have a 20-30 Second delay behind each of your actions is kinda Stupid and is a legit reason not to get this game.  I can see people saying they dont want this game becouse of this issueThe Mix : Alot of people are complaining about random BS.  Like paying 60+$ For this I have no clue where they are buying this considering its for 30$ (Basicly 29.99) on steam,  Wtf is up with the people screeming at the company for them being scammed?Some of the in-game issues people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about dont Realy seem to excist at all By that I Mean,  Essence Loss from Cyberware is a bit weird,  But dont take your hate on that just becouse you hate it that there is no Respect in the game dosnt mean it should burn in a fire pitI mean you cant have 2 differnt Cyber Skulls ... just think about that you now have 2 heads/2skulls that dosnt work / wouldnt work quit thinking it dos!or 2 differnt pairs of legs? ER WHAT? I mean people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing becouse you cant have 2 differnt pairs of cyber legs?The Co-op is a bit strange,  By that I Mean If your on Mission 6, And your buddie is on mission 8,  You both cant go back to Mission 4 inless you find someone on said mission.  The co-op is mostly the HOST World,  So if you join your buddie your going to go back in time or into the future which can cause spoilers or a few other things on that line.  The Loot system however works for whatever Mission / Story progress your on.  So if your on mission 6 and you joined your buddie on mission 12,  Your getting mission 6 Loot while your buddie gets Mission 12 Loot.  Makes sence if you ask me,  He gets paid for the finish mission you dont,  But you both get the Karma and Loot (Even tho the loot is differnt and randomly Determined)Positive : Its playing Shadowrun with your buddies with Voice acting (Something SR/Dragonfall and such dosnt have much of) among other things.  So alot of the positive things from SR/Dragon Fall are basicly in this game,  Sep you can now Co-op.Edit : The Lag Seems to be getting a fix, while not 100% Playiabble i would say its not a Face palming i wanna toss my computer out to the street bad anymore and seems to be improving over-all give it another few days,  I would say maybe a week? Maybe more? less? not sure.  But it dos seem to get better slightly over time."
,Not Recommended,267750,32164677,Posted: 3 June,all,mgspecter,"The game is so-so. If you can get it on a great discount I'd say try it. The need for a constant internet connection is annoying when playing the single player, and they should have made it a little more like the Sega Genesis Shadowrun game where you can travel, and complete side runs to build up money to kit out your character between story runs. If you're looking for good Shadowrun games stick with the hairbrained schemes series (Returns, Dragonfall, Hong Kong)."
76561197985452117,Recommended,267750,15338540,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,green tea,In short: A good game getting better.I wanted to play in the shadowrun universe again. I'm looking forward to the story but the real perk is the multiplayer.
76561198042102876,Recommended,267750,15631599,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Whiskeyjoel,"Very fun game, really captures the essence of Shadowrun well. The missions are compact and new player-friendly, without holding your hand. The ""Chronicles"" part of the title would indicate that this is going to be an episodic game, like Dreamfall Chronicles, and I certainly hope that will be the case. Unfortunately, the game is currently plagued by very high lag, which during peak times can make the game practically unplayable. I'm not sure if this is simply due to high stress on the game servers, or if there are other issues under the hood. but I really hope Cliffhanger can sort things out quickly. There's a lot of potential here, and it would be a real shame if the game disappears into obscurity because of server troubles."
,Recommended,267750,24364955,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Skooma Daddy,"This game is a good pick for people who would like to play within the Shadowrun universe with their friends.IMPORTANT NOTES-- This game is NOT made by HBS.- This game is more of a combat strategy game than anything else.- The only real ""RPG"" elements are the Karma point distribution and the gear selection.Is this like the other Shadowrun titles? No. But it is entertaining and maybe a good way to get your friends interested in Shadowrun in the first place if they don't want to play the HBS games or haven't played the tabletop game. Two large notable cons are the lack of diversity in the enemy tactics, and maps that are constantly reused. Also, the character models suck."
76561198006031111,Recommended,267750,14556967,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Beros,"This shaping up to be a great game and the finished product should have fans of the PnP and digital games very happy indeed, you definatly will want to check this out as they keep rolling out new content for it"
76561197966276994,Recommended,267750,15878103,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Scooty,"If you like the world of Shadowrun, this is for you!After the first few minutes I knew it was full of Shadowrunie goodness. Good use of Shadowrun words and phrases in the voice acting. The world seemed legit to a Shadowrun universe with the real and VR elements. You will recognize names of statistics and skills, cyberware and weapons but its handled totally different. The game itself plays like a Silent Storm, or X-Com style which I personally love!No Adepts! There are not adepts of any kind in the game and a Physical Adepts is pretty impossible to make currently.I have not yet found a way to use a medkit or item that I just found in the game like; You start the map with your loadout which lets say has NO medkit. If through the course of the map find a medkit, it is not useable until you finish the mission, exit and then equip the medkit from your inventory.Little funky things that make your brain hurt a little but overall VERY FUN!"
76561198082603476,Recommended,267750,9688177,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Sofa,"31 Marts 2014: Very limited content. Very simple action, but smooth and ok.At this point it is ""buy and cross your fingers"". It is promised that the game will be out this year.I loved the pen and paper game and hope this will be as epic."
,Recommended,267750,15690670,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"Its a nice mix of shadowrun returns and the newer xcom game.Since its a mix of both, it lacks much of the story and rpg elements of Shadowrun Returns, and lacks a bit of the depth of the combat system of xcom. The result is a ""light"" version of xcom set in a shadowrun world. Its fun, its still going through its release issues, but its still enjoyable. If you have played shadowrun returns and ever wished ""Man, i wish there was more combat"" or if you have ever played xcom and said, ""I wish this took place in the shadowrun universe"" then you will most likely enjoy this game.Give it a few weeks or so for them to iron out the issues, the devs seem really dedicated to improving the game."
76561198175753839,Recommended,267750,14164562,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,mpaeck,Whilst there still seems a lot to do I definitely like what I've seen so far. It's basically XCom in the world of Shadowrun.Looking forward to the next update and the full release!
76561198032070687,Recommended,267750,15614283,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,ey2262003,"I am new to the Shadowrun universe.  I ran across it when Shadowrun Returns and Dragonfall were out awhile, and really loved those.  This one is a bit different, and it may be unfair to compare this with those.  Different companies involved, different approaches.Overall, I do like it a lot.  Gives me the Shadowrun ""feel"".  Now I haven't gotten too far into it, so maybe I'm reviewing this premmaturely, but the game is a great turn-based game, and pretty challenging.  The AI has its moments, but is pretty smart, which is a refreshing change from a lot of other games out there.  Graphics are nice.  Music has that ""feel"" too.One other thing I'll mention is that I normally like games that are more single-player focused.  I was told by one of the developers and vets out there that this is a multi-player (co-op) kind of game, that CAN be played like a single player if you want (instead of playing with a live human being, you can just sub a henchman, or AI, as your partner).  For what little time I have to play, that works out perfectly fine for me, and so far doesn't seem to be a problem.What people interested in single player MUST know though, is that whether you are co-oping or playing ""single player"", you MUST be connected to the internet.  There is no offline!  To many, like me, that's not a big deal.  I'm always connected.  But one drawback I have found out already, is that because you are playing with other players in a hub area, you WILL fight lag.  Hopefully once time passes and the devs get things more stabilizied, there will be little-to-no-lag.  But right now, there are times when I click on something and it can take upwards of 10-30 seconds for the command to be executed.  Other times it runs perfectly smoothly.  So be aware of this!But I would overall recommend it..."
,Recommended,267750,14565468,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Tezla Alchemia,"A good idea that still needs work.lucky me, i LOVE good ideas!im not gonna tell you to play it right now because its just not done yet.BUT i am gonna ask you too buy it any way.if you like this kinda game then show your support!and dont worry, its not an mmo.its more like Divinity Original Sin in its co-op gameplay."
76561198006279636,Recommended,267750,15531338,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,stoneypiper,"It is fun and challenging, although the makers need to input some options for players and possible customers to their website, such as;Players-  need more than 3 slots of charactersaccess character info from steam; including changing name, screenshot ability so that paying player can see the neat outfits found and createdaccess to rules and game help in and out of the game, such as; what is  combatsoft rating or ecmsoft rating?info about cyberware can no longer be removed because the player cannot have human parts put back onoverall... the game is challenging.. but not too terrible for ragers to quit, but just enough to make you want to keep trying and rejoice when you get that hard mission done.nice to see the co-op 4player added as well.Defintely a good buy for the money and I look forward to expansions (hopefully higher levels of new cities for created characters)"
76561198076317202,Recommended,267750,15357486,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Havok1978,"A ""Real"" early access review.. ok first.. to the ppl ♥♥♥♥♥ing about pros and cons of an early access game not having enuff of anything should please kindly shut the F* up.as an early access, I.E. beta tester, you need to focus on what is buggy and needs to change, fill out a bug/suggestion form and send it to them, that *is* why its early access.If a person liked Shadowrun Returns or Dragonfall then they should defintely buy this game. Shadowrun Chronicles plays, looks and feels the same as the previous two single player titles.Graphics are smooth and the art is both familiar and polished. The game engine itself appears to run smoothly and seems error free. This installment will do very well emulating the previous two, it feels very Guild Wars-ish <part 1>As a multiplayer game, the replay value will largely depend on the player. Shadowrun wasnt really intended for ""high"" level characters, So hopefully they dont stray too far in attempting to keep toons in the gameworld.Shadowrun was intended to be played across many mid-range characters. I can honestly already see the KARMA system is being messed with. This is a game that needs to stay true to its source books and not be ""watered-down"".Too many instant gratification kiddies out there have ruined grinding, created a market for micro-transactions and many other ways to circumvent leveling.While I personally find the aforementioned practice to be distasteful, I can say without reservation that my opinion aside, it will ruin this game to deviate from the sourcebooks."
76561198078470050,Not Recommended,267750,20054380,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,mbadesheim,"Poor mechanics, a huried story, awful voice acting, and no ""role"" in the playing. The setting is Shadowrun, but nothing else about it is."
,Not Recommended,267750,21797039,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Amanras,"Okay, maybe i am comparing it to much with Shadowrun:Hong Kong... but this game really has some issues...1. Combat is bad.-Enemys spawn from from nowhere.-There is no UI Indicator that there is someone so you can really miss enemys.-Action Cam forces you to watch a enemy slowly die... while something else happens with your team. What ? I dont know i cant see s hit !-There is a huge delay after you do something with your squad; This delay makes some squad mades run out of cover to run to the last guy i just shoot... so he is going to die now..-Nothing tells you if an action will cost one or two turns... So its just pure luck if running to that thing will uncover enemys and your guy will just die...2. Boring Euipment- Yes you have a lot of Clothing, Tatoos and stuff... but armor ? I saw like 4, polymer spray, some kevler thing. And the same stuff with a ""used"" before the name, slightly lower stats.- If you like to use Rifles in example you get one... ""used"" then the better version... Then you are forced to do mission and you cant return to the arms dealer to get the 12.000 Nuyen gun... wish is just a bit better then my own.- But hey ! My squad gets better guns and armor... while on mission. If there was a way to buy something ? I havent found it -> Bad UI.- But honestly there is nearly nothing here for euipment. Every Archetype has 4 items ? Compered to SR:HK thats really nothing... and it feels compared to it very weird.3.Story- The Story has it pluses. But you cant really talk what you like, your character talks like he wants... so why do i play this ? I dont know i stopped playing it...- You dont have any choice in this game, you just run the story down... thats all.- And just taking the corridor left or the camera trap corridor right is no real choice !Hell i really dont give bad reviews normally. But as a SR GM and player and fan of the frenchise i just cant recommend this game. Really i cant.Its not even Early access... this is supposed to be finished. Its not, it a prototype. sorry."
76561198007748651,Recommended,267750,14276072,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,thomas.krumpeck,Very nice game!Good skill system. I like the story and the graphics and the performance is great.
76561198082393163,Recommended,267750,9690710,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Carthage,Well it shoots fine. Here's hoping they don't ♥♥♥♥ up the bits that make it and RPG. And fingers crossed there is a simple mission editor so we can take turns being Mr Johnson.
76561198008492707,Recommended,267750,15892396,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Seth Striker,"If you are a lover of the Shadowrun line of games, then this is a must have. Superb game that is being improved on all the time."
,Not Recommended,267750,28271042,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Reizla,"The game has changed DRASTICALLY during the course of the development. I've bought the DELUXE package which at the time should include a lot of DLC. Now with the game done, I only get 1 DLC which actually is €10 more expansive than having bought the regular game plus that one DLC - I HAVE BEEN RIPPED OFF BY THE DEVELOPER!Then as said, the development has taken a drastic turn. Where in the first installment this game was marketed to become a full MMORPG, it's now nothing more than a co-op HUB game with very badly written quests.IMO if you want to play the Shadowrun games, stay away from this one and buy the pretty well written single-player games."
,Not Recommended,267750,18318231,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,illovich,"Really disappointing - I guess I should have known somehow that you have to play online only, sad for me since I mostly play games on the train to and from work.  But even at home I got disconnected two or three times - not sure what the point of making me stay connected to a server to complete a single player mission, but hey. I don't see the point in wasting my time with a game that's this not fun due to bad technical decsions either.  Money I won't get back, though, so I'll have to consider that next time they release a game."
76561197986006712,Recommended,267750,9703430,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Guybrush,"If your a fan of the new Shadowrun games, then this will certainly be enjoyable for you, I will however point out this being effectively a limited demo at this point, makes it hard to see the promise it holds, it will still take a lot of time for this game to reach it's goal.Either wait for it to reach beta stage, or back it now and just hold off, it's just too early for this game to be judged. The only thing I can say is if you enjoyed the last games, you'll likely enjoy this one."
,Recommended,267750,15500024,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Headpool182,"This is a lot of fun, but all i want is someone to play this with me. Please? Anyone?"
76561198060981179,Recommended,267750,15794098,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,insanerator,"Like most Shadowrun video games, doesn't quite capture what I liked about the table-top game (which would admittedly be hard to capture).  The mechanics are still an interesting adaptation, though.  Was waiting to review it until they fixed the lag problems, which they seem to have at this point.   Hopefully they can move to more fine tuning, and content updates soon.Overall a decent game."
76561197969616622,Not Recommended,267750,15795971,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Ayram,"Currently the game is definitely NOT worth it's full price. And I'm frankly appalled that they released it in the state it's in, because it isn't really a full game yet. My annoyance is further compounded by the fact that they did actually have an early access period, but were apparently unable to produce a full game upon release.The devs are working on the game's problems and adding content, so I hope I can change my mind about it later. But just how much later is currently indeterminable."
,Not Recommended,267750,19798373,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Buck,"I'm pretty iffy about this game in all honesty. As a massive shadowrun fan, I naturally bought this game (Deluxe package) with some pretty high hopes. The co-op is practically the saving grace for the title, even though I've never actually managed to play co-op with anyone other than my girlfriend.We ended up skipping through the side missions since we'd just get our asses kicked by swarms of enemies with no real tactics involved. The options are shallow entirely, from character customization to the abilities to level design. There is no depth, and I'm unsure where the meat of this game even lies.  All in all, if it didn't have the Shadowrun brand attatched to it, I'd be more accepting of the game, but it's pretty much just a turn based co-op game with limited stategy.Still, it's not without fun, and you'd probably have to hate turn based strategy games to completely dislike this game, and the cyberpunk setting doesn't disappoint."
,Recommended,267750,9690963,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,HisOwnStupidity,"This is a ruleset with loads of potential.  Whether it lives up to that or not will most likely depend on things outside of what we've seen in this Early Access appetizer.They don't hold your hand.  You've got big, stylized icons that are fairly intuitive, and most of the powers associated with your magic/weapons have useful tooltips with what you need to know.  The characters bark very quick recommendations for what you should be going for, but those disappear quite quickly and don't stick around in any obvious accessible format.  That's fine for right now, as the only elements that objects in the environment provide are 'will this give me cover' or 'can I shoot this'.  Movement options are done with a nice color-in-color effect to determine whether it'll take part of your character's turn or all of it, which is an appreciated touch.  So far, most objectives are go here, shoot things that are shooting at you, then shoot the things that aren't but can be targeted.  Nuanced morals-driven narrative delve into the Sixth World it ain't, chummer.  But for demoing the combat mechanics, we ain't asking for much.The combat is brutal, bordering on arbitrarily cruel.  If you're outside of cover, you're likely gone in one or two shots.  One of the characters has an impressive damage mitigation power, but the cooldown/recharge is too long to rely on it.  Even in cover, 'shrapnel'/spall can eat away at your health, and sometimes cover just doesn't seem to help you as much as you'd think.  Enemies use it well, for the most part.  I dread the appearance of AoE spells or grenades in their toolkit.Enemies have a nasty habit of spawning right on top of you based on event triggers, and since triggering the spawn is usually something that costs you your turn, this is a bad thing.  Overall, the missions seem like they want you to beat your head against a few failures so that you can go in knowing everything before you win; this doesn't bode well.  Hope this gets refined a bit more.Do I recommend it?  That's a very tough call.  It's Shadowrun, and the team seems to enjoy the cyberpunk aesthetic and tactical combat.  It's a guarantee that I'll get it.  I'll have to hold off on recommending it for anybody else right now, though."
,Recommended,267750,25218982,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Razanir,"As a bit of background, I should be clear that I'm pretty into the Shadowrun universe and lore (I started with 4E and have been really getting into 5E as of late, as well as the HBS Shadowrun games). A buddy of mine and I have a weekend game day each Sunday and we were looking for something to try, so I pitched this game to him (I knew very little of it when I started out, other than ""hearing things"" that people had said about the state of the game). With that in mind, we started the main campaign together and hoped for the best.For my buddy, I'm pretty sure he had a good time despite him having little understanding of the Shadowrun universe. Myself, on the other hand... I fraggin' loved this game for what it tried to accomplish with the limited resources available.The best analogy I can give is that it's like X-COM with light MMO elements. Abilities have cooldowns or use mana (which regenerates per turn). Cover provides evasion bonuses, so position on the battlefield matters. Missions are based in instances and start off simple but ramp up in difficulty quickly (by the Infected! expansion, the difficulty spiked a LOT - can be a real sticking point for some players, but I enjoyed that the runs got more challenging and required more of a plan of attack). The story takes a while to get going, but once it builds its momentum it does a good job establishing the basis of the most recent craziness to hit the Sixth World.But the main feature that drew me in to the game (and why I'm leaving this review) was that it was a game that allowed me to share an experience with a buddy of mine together. If you're even slightly interested in the Shadowrun universe and have a buddy who is as well, and the two of you enjoy turn-based tactical gaming... then this game is a really good value for what you get out of it. I logged 50 hours - all of them playing with my gaming buddy - and we had a blast together every step of the way.The game isn't perfect, obviously. A lot of resources are reused, some interface and tooltip descriptions aren't clear, and there are occasional typoes here and there. But given what the developers had to work with in terms of funding... I really think the final product here exceeded my expectations.I really hope that I'll be returning to the shadows some day, whenever the next chapter unfolds.-Grimm"
76561198090529837,Recommended,267750,9930329,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Kyoti,"Hey kiddies, I know it is a bit (way way way WAY) too early to properly credit or disavow this game (especially since the online presence, the role-playing mechanics, heck the MASSIVE in MMORPG are not present yet).  But, I must say that in this earliest of incarnations, that is true glimpse of greatness.  It is not my job to tell others to buy or ignore a game; It IS my job to inform those who may be on the fence about this game to do it.  You will enjoy the gameplay, the story-lines, the universe.  It is immersive and time-sucking from the first time you ""Jack-In"".  I hope to see all my chummers online to play alongside when the drek hits the fan.  Vayas co dios and remember, NEVER cut a deal with a dragon!"
76561198001634401,Recommended,267750,15767426,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,RauMac,"Still Lag Issue.  Still a Fantastic Game.And the honesty and open communication from the developers is refreshing.Once they defeat the Lag for good, it will be truly awesome.  Interesting story line.  Great voice acting (although I wonder how folks from Boston feel about the accents... being from Detroit, it sounds fine to me).  Really cool skill trees for all groups.  Challenging missions.  Wonderful game all around...  except for the lag.one beef: my male characters have never gotten any skimpy clothing, but my female charater has received four (yes 4!) skimpy tops?!  Enough skimpy tops.  Where are some nice stomping boots?   biker gloves?  something that at least looks useful!p.s. if you eventually add crafting, and let me weave the skimpy tops into a hot pink full body armor (P 10 M 10 T 10), then all will be forgiven."
,Recommended,267750,9843581,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Team Dragonpunk,"I just bought the deluxe edition because I want to support anyone doing Shadowrun development. I think the others address the game mechanic issues and the game being a year late. My major problem however, is the ending. I litterally had to try it 40 times and then I just quite. Endings should be hard and death may happen (like Dark Souls Two.. and I died a few times in Shadowrun Returns: DMS), but in the kickstarter video this company claimed they had experience in making video games. If so, you should tailor the level of difficulty (when there are no med packs) and know a little bit about game theory. This game is fundamentally flawed. Why would you advertise a full 3D game (kudos on the art btw), and then lock the screen as if its 2D isomophic. I thought you were working with the Shadowrun Returns team? I wanted this game to work sooo much, but now I'm going back to hoping someone makes a GTA V Shadowrun mod this summer. You can't advertise open, persistent, player driven worlds when you can't even make an ending enjoyable for the average gamer (and actually I consider myself a hardcore gamer, so I'm not sure how many people actually beat the ending)."
76561198064212157,Recommended,267750,9972494,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,doelamar,"Too Early to tell the missions are fun and challanging though,(especialy since you only get there two premade toons."
,Recommended,267750,9692671,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,MrThrope,"So far this pre/early alpha seems very promising. Despite the small amount of content I had a blast for at least two hours. The setting, mission plot and chatter between characters seems very in keeping with the source material, even if the ork's voice is a bit irritating.The few bugs I encountered (chat window not scrolling correctly, game seeming to stall when changing to enemy turn (rarely) and the armour spell occassionally not  actually applying armour to it's target) are surprisingly few for an alpha or especially a pre-alpha game.A lot of the damage and cover mechanics seem unbalanced, but that is of course issues to be addressed in beta. I suspect you'll see a lot of reviews for this game in the coming day that sway between people praising it's potential and hoping it stays on track, like myself, and people who seem to buy every early access game and review them yet never come to understand that early access/alpha/betameansincomplete, test phase, ""things are going to be super broken, yo"" etc. So take those reviews with a grain of salt.TL;DR. It's fun and promising and gives me no reason to doubt it's eventual release, but itIS,as they state several times on the store page, a alpha game. Expect issues accordingly."
76561198014906819,Not Recommended,267750,19069566,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,MrTim,"This game is a travesty. Shallow, poorly supported, painfully boring. No actual roleplaying or anything to engage you in the game. A blot on an otherwise good license. Avoid like the plague."
76561198142946679,Recommended,267750,14739455,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Quantum Rx,Way better now that the release date is close. Very enjoyable.
76561198098802069,Recommended,267750,15663602,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,BiscuitOfPride,Review in progressI recomend this game for ppl that like the idea of the rpg element  with magic  robots guns and swords. rought lunch but Dev working butts off trying to fix and making good on it il update once i hit endgame but so far storys good.
76561198094191756,Recommended,267750,16651653,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,snakefistahfu,"THE shortest review in my, oh way too long, career:This game is cool!And this summons it pretty much... Never played table-top version, did played (and enjoyed) Dragonfall and Dead Man Switch, and this is different... but COOL!Cyberpunk. Archetypes. Intrigues. Multiplayer, if one wants it, or single-player, if preferred.EDIT: Cross over Intrigues. Perhaps in the future. I don't want this to be misleading, story IS linear.And MULTIPLAYER IS THE HEART OF THE GAME - community is probably THE BEST online community I've met. No badmouthing, all-knowing pre-teens who critisize your every move (both good and bad) - in short:MAJOR LACK OF TYPICAL ONLINE COMMUNITIES FLAWS.People will enjoy MP, and more importantly, it's done in such a way that player level (or skill, or experience) really doesn't matter - players are awarded for helping new players - furthermore, it's the main source of post-campaign character development.Original, continued:----------------------------Could go into a story-telling techniques, and how it's somewhat inferior to Dragonfall (and still adequate for a game, face it - how many good games you just skipped through dialogues) - but won't...Probably differs substantially from table-top and its strict codexes - to acheive balance for SP and not to rely on some game-master to 'honour' players choices - but doesn't matter...It's still in development process, but honestly - couldn't notice anything *seriously* lacking, so it will likely get better and with more options.Don't know about endgame yet - it is usually VERY important to me, but from what I understood, it's just started with first mission. I'll edit this later...[EDIT]:200+ hours of game and still can't get enough. Of the endgame, that is, campaign is not overly long, but HARD for a single player, and endgame is consisting of:a) helping new players to pass the campaignb) doing the challengesGame is updated, people would like it to be more often, but independent studios don't have the luxury of huge fundings.""Game is not finished""is a common 'reviewer' whine. It's not true. Game *could* have more content, *should* have less bugs - but it IS very, very playable and lots of people enjoy it. Me too.""Devs destroyed the balance""is another common 'reviewer' whine. I put reviewer in quotes, cause my firm believe is that person writing it should know something about the balance. It's PvE game, some skills are better than others, but it doesn't matter. One doesn't find 100 exactly-the-same character 'as seen on youtube', and 50 of path-less-travelled and nothing else. Runners are colourful, skills are colourful, rebalanced from time to time to 'refresh' things a bit. And it's cool. If one stopped playing after 200h because 'dual-pistol doesn't do as much damage as it did, and something else now does more' (you can switch freely, by the way), that person shouldn't write about balance. Reason - lack of competence.And I am looking forward to each update. And not trying to break router if I disconnect. It happens, but the game atmosphere is relaxing, the coop players doesn't get mad (someone keep controlling your character, and can finish the mission, after which you can reconnect).Very relaxing, very friendly and relaxed community... Can't see when I'll get enough of it, really...Original, continued:----------------------------All this comes to one conclusion (and one not given lightly, not by yours truly):This game is cool!You could very well buy it, even for (or, indeed, BECAUSE) it's in development stage. There is a campaign, and free-character development, so it's worth at least a few replaying, even without endgame. Moreso, if engame proves good and satisfying. But I'll update this after some more playing...[EDIT]End-game is fulfilling enough to buy it immediatelly. After some legal/financial troubles, updates continued (hopefully, there won't be more such problems) and I know EXACTLY what I will buy for birthdays of friends who love similar games.One more thing - game doesn't suck out all your time:- typical mission 5-10 minutes (nothing forces you to continue after just one)- 'easier' challenge - 30 minutes- 'harder' challenge - 45 minutesAlmost as a phone pass-time game, yet so much more depth. Of course, nothing keeps one away from playing 16h in a session."
,Recommended,267750,10423147,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Rainy Day Dream,"the content so far is limited but shows a lot of promise probably worth the investment if you really like shadowrun the visuals are great and the controls are very easy to get used to and the gameplay is decent and constantly improving with each updatea few notes:-the decking isn't like it is in shadowrun returns it's more like a third type of damage besides magic and physical but it does the concept of decking justice and has interesting abilities-the cameras are a bit OP right now they can see as far as i can tell for an unlimited distance and there's no funtion to detect where they will see you and what cover will block their veiw aside from getting detected of course-they haven't added any rigging, cyberware, or items yet-it's very easy to die from very slight errors but there's no function to save any ammount of mission progress and it takes an annoying ammount of time to restart after dying-only human enemies have show up aside from cameras and a turret their were what apeared to be some druids but so far there haven't been any ghouls or creatures or enemies who don't use just guns and swords so while they will of course put them in but we don't have any info on how they will be and work"
76561197969709709,Recommended,267750,15758448,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Danko,"The game is very fun, good mechanics and such. Devs having been dealing with lag issues and bugs. They are very attentive and have been  hands on. They also have listened to the player community and responded accordingly. I recommend this game to all who adore the Shadowrun realm."
76561198340417627,Recommended,267750,28427769,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Rahfta,"There isn't a class system, wich is a good thing, but spend your Karma carefully. The story is well written, make sure you talk to the NPCs after each run if you what a full picture of the story.  Try different henchmen to get an Idea of what playing with other skills could be like.  If I had to give my favorite type of character it would be pure rigger, but that is just me.If you have played the tabletop version you will like the online."
76561198117754499,Recommended,267750,15600759,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Masquerade,"This games server is crashed in its first day of release lol. It should have explain a lot, simply dont buy it.The sentence above...You know i am usually pretty stubborn about this kinda things and i hate doing beta testing for developers. But let me tell you this after this review one of the developers gave  response with a pretty mature attitude and did some explaining,Its laggy and buggy for now but also pretty enjoyable ""if"" you can play it. So No harsh decisions, maybe i dont know enough to make judgements about this game yet.  They are trying for their game and for their community"
,Not Recommended,267750,24027038,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Apathy,"It's just not a good Shadowrun or Turn-based game...For the Shadowrun part of it:It's missing soo many weapons, spells, and other unique things that make Shadowrun.If you're going to roll as a Mage, you're going to really only have like 2 spells you use... Seriously... I don't mean you'll only pick 2 out of X. I mean really.. There's like 2 spells... In the entire skill tree.No sniper rifles like in Dragonfall.  There's just so much content missing from this game. It's like an Alpha version of Returns. And the story is just god-awful and uninteresting.From the turn based part of it... It's just repetitive. Every mission is the same frikken thing. It doesn't function the way Returns/Dragonfalls' gameplay does either.  Action points are spent differently, and it kind of ruins it.I could go into more detail, and i could nit pick . But I just don't think this game is any good. I know the devs have other obligations, and they have limited funding... But this game isn't complete at all.  Multiplayer is also pointless. There's nothing unique here. It's a super repetitive, poorly designed turn based RPG with very little RPG, and a Shadowrun paint job. Dev's im sorry. But, you still have a lot of work to do."
76561197999932714,Recommended,267750,15725544,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,AnnABel,Amazing story and turn-based gameplay.
76561198065701158,Recommended,267750,15718304,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Gedlan Radanavich,"Well I wanna start to say that I finished the game until now (cause we know that more data and stuff is to come :) )So I wanna say that I had an Astonishing time playing the game, with or without lag, cause yes there was some lag issue with the game sine the launch but I played Final Fantasy and World of Warcraft and let me tell you i've had worst experience that what we had here.So i'm really happy for them to have done what they did and I know they did everything they could for this game and moreover they are still working to keep it better and better and better, so don't give up and keep giving us a good game :)Thanks again to those that are working hard"
76561198013569566,Recommended,267750,15706474,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Fargrim,Game's rad. If you like the PnP and/or XCOM then you'll probably like this game.
76561198028099097,Recommended,267750,15706739,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,flamehawklv,"First of all...I've enjoyed this game whole hardedly.  You know a game's good when you're spending your free time playing it...and dreaming of playing when sleeping.Sure, there are lag issues that have only shown-up after launch...even in on the last week prior to launch everything was dandy.The story's very good...and there's a ton of goodies for the followers of SR.  More than several times I'ved smiled at the language used...and some nice name drops from cannon.  Been a playtester for SR4 & SR5, and some detailed info has brought the SR bug in me back.The lag is anoying...sure.  But the hassel of it will be be resolved.What's important is that a game is enjoyable and replayable.This is game has both."
76561197977190660,Not Recommended,267750,29107731,Posted: 7 January,all,Brainwave,"I purchased Boston Lockdown on sale and thought I'd give it a try since I generally like the Shadowrun universe and enjoyed Shadowrun Returns.Unfortunately, it was a big disappointment.  The missions are repetitive and uninteresting.  The story isn't engaging at all, I found myself skipping through the mission briefings after the first couple of missions.  And the actual skills/cyberware/etc just didn't do much for me, it felt like a really stripped down version of Shadowrun.  Eventually, I uninstalled it when I was about halfway through because I just didn't have the desire to finish the game - and I hate not being able to finish games that I've purchased.The one thing that it does have going for it is that Boston Lockdown appears to focus on the multiplayer aspect much more than other Shadowrun games that I've played.  You're encouraged to group with others, and while you can instead take AI controlled henchmen, they won't be nearly as good as PC players.  However, I didn't find the game to be enough fun to warrant taking the time to actually group with people much.  Without a good game to back it up, a multiplayer feature alone isn't enough to make something enjoyable."
76561198019893692,Recommended,267750,25870898,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Anelor,"It is a good game and it brings joy to my friend and me playing it.To most people that reviewed it I have to say:How can you expect a developper to succeed and thus to increase and drive the product if your reviews and viral marketing is along the following:""The fans expecting a triple A game for the price of an indie game with the possibilities of a PnP"" - No wonder it got mixed reviews, your expectations for a week one release been as false as they can be. In time they could have delivered if you had verbaly supported them!Ofc we would love more variety than shot to kill but considering the failed start they had with the game as well as the small dev team they have had post release we are content with what we have.My thanks for the dev team for working on half or no wage to make the first release and update possible! Your effort did not get lost on us! Our collective thanks to you all!!!"
76561197976784565,Recommended,267750,9824856,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Flannel Josie,There's so little in this game it's hard to weigh in at all. There's also very little gameplay out there on youtube.  And so .....http://youtu.be/3-KkvqZLEbY
76561197983030607,Recommended,267750,15703043,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,yoomazir,"This is a really fun game, I have just finished the campaign and I had a blast with it, the story was in the pure vein of the Shadowrun universe. Seeing that the devs will continue to support the game with more campaign stuff, pvp and more I think I will be spending quite some time on it.The only downside I would bring is the horrible lag since the official launch of the game, but the devs seem to be resolving it.You want a fun lil' co-op game? Give this game a try.You want a fun turn based combat game? Definitely give it a try.You want a good, entertaining, story with some good voice acting? This game is for you.You like Shadowrun lore? The frag you waiting for, chum?"
,Not Recommended,267750,20879441,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kherny,"I will save the time it takes to write a long detailed list of what is wrong with this title and what might have been and just say if you like a story/the shadowrun ip or are sick of EA kickstarter type games that release half finished crap just play ""Shadowrun Returns"", ""Shadowrun Dragonfall"" or ""Shadowrun Hong Kong"".The game is currently going thro its endless promises phase to eek out enough money to survive but not progress meaningfully.Update - No more updates until the devs manage to get more funding. Unfortunate but predictable situation seeing the game at launch."
76561198048383063,Recommended,267750,15868468,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,agravaine264,"hi folks,now that i am part of the community for exactly one  year a short response:Really much happened in this time and its a great feeling to see that child grow.If you like turn-based gameplay and/or shadowrun itself, you should give that game a try!Its FUN to play and the story-line well written -  including sense making chains, nice humor, unsuspected turns - even as i play with german client. (means: the translation is well done, too!)I like the idea of fast entering missions via a central HUB where all  mission  starts, it skips the anoying grinding through landscapes and brings players fast to the action.During the runs itself, a mouse-click can get a team from getting through untouched to getting wrecked without mercy - i like that. (still the K.I. could get bit smarter)Pro:-turn-based, but who clicks first, acts first-many ways to customize characters skins-AND skills- combinations-different skills and different weapons make a -difference ;-)-low- and high-level chars can easy run togetherContra:-there is no private messaging atm-you can check other characters build by searching them manually, but this should be added as button on the menu, opening by clicking a characters name in chat (atm there is just adding to friend-list and inviting to grp)Thoughts:-I'm not  sure if its good idea to make such big difference in exp from mission opening to mission supporting chars?-the side-mission maps and/or the spawnpoints of hostile npc should be created random, actual there is danger that it becomes quite boring after repeating them too much often?-PvP should possibly added again?-I'm not certain if players backgrounds boni and mali are shown right now, at the watched weapons and armor during shopping. Might be a good idea to show up resulting stats (hit/crit chance, armor, software levels, at all kind of gear) also passive stats like being harder to hit and such things would be nice be shown at the characters changing-gear window?For the rest I'm sure the Devs doing a good job by adding content and gear, keep it up!"
76561198012151525,Recommended,267750,15799902,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Aprion,"This game is great fun, wether you are going at it alone with some NPC backup or together with other players. If you like tactical games, Co-op, and a cool Cyberpunk story then I highly reccomend you give this game a try."
76561198007105239,Recommended,267750,15709629,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ezkiil,"beta bugs as expected. when its running well the game is fun. Character advancement is open and there are several weapon combinations that create some much needed advantages. i like the skills, mainly organ harvesting. it will be fun if that was a pvp concept.looting players for cyberware, getting your hardware jacked would be rough if you fail a mission, then your enemy has your gear installed when u  go for revenge...??"
,Recommended,267750,9704176,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,leandropug,"Until Now the game don´t have much, but for mee it´s all good. It´s clear Where the game will go and i like it a lot."
76561198097563640,Recommended,267750,15694078,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Zinovy,"It's a very engaging turn-based strategic combat game. You have a number of background options when making your character, and then when you gain Karma from missions, unlock elements of the skill trees with that. The missions are not very easy, which keeps them interesting - I tried one mission 5 times with one setup, and failed, then switched a hired gun for a hired hacker made all the difference.Each skill tree basically has an associated weapon type: Blunts, Blades, Handguns do what you'd expect, but then you have Sumoning Foci and Channeling Foci for shamans and mages. However this means any character can use anything, only with as much proficiency as their allotted skills in that given weapon's skill tree allows. Weapons progress in power as you progress through the game, as does cyberware.Making teams is presently mostly over global chat, and goes quite well (although some people report being able to invite others, but being invited fails). There are layers of chat - Global, which is everyone on, and Hub, which is everyone on your particular ""version"" of the city's hub where other runners are between missions.The voice acting is good, but odd (the opening voice lines sometimes sound like they were amateurs, but then the actors got better as the recording session went on or something). The music is nice, though some more sound assets for blown-up robotic enemies would be nice as well. Visually it's quite rich and evocative of the environments depicted. The story isn't spectacular but it's the ""main"" campaign for now with others planned for later release.Cons:- Once you've done the missions, you know where everything is. I don't think a MMO/(actual)RPG is a thing.- There are (as of May 4) still lag issues, which I'm only mentioning because it wouldn't be a helpful review otherwise. The developers have made a long statement about it and what they are doing about it. During some hours it's not that bad (nighttime NA).With it going on sale after release there is little reason to wait to purchase it (assuming a turn-based Shadowrun-set team game interests you) because of the lag - just wait to play it if it gets too much. I just mention this because this is an online game with no subscription fees, or in-game purchasables, whose developers made a mistake in their server tests. It bothers a certain contientious side of me to think all the time and investment into the game and its infrastructure would lose out to vocal consumers that expect flawlessness in every way from a small game company that has turned out a high quality product in all other aspects.Edit: Lag is fixed!"
76561198018945154,Recommended,267750,15715061,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,IronHeart,"There's lag, but the game is REALLY REALLY GOOD. I enjoy playing this game so much that I actually play through the lag."
,Recommended,267750,15720552,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,chrynoble,"OK, here is my abbreviated review of this game. I might come back with more later.First; this game is having issues at launch, lets get that out of the way first. Second; even with the lag it is a fun and engaging game. When the fix the lag it will be pretty awesome.I would recommend it at about the 25-30 dollar price point right now, they should keep the sale going until they get the lag worked out, but ultimately it is a good tactical game. The single player experience is fun, but the multi-player is even better. Once the get the lag figured out, it will be worth the 40$ asking price with room to spare.The real challenge will be the end game / new stories."
,Not Recommended,267750,34223422,Posted: 13 August,all,Roo Stercogburn,"Chugged through the campaign/story. While not inspired it was quite fun. I liked I could play a mission here or there without having to be massively engagd in theorycrafting to the Nth degree.Missions are like Xcom-lite. Occasionally a curve-ball but mercifully without the crazy RNG that covers up for poor AI. I approved of this to a point. The storytelling wasn't great but it had just enough 'what happens next'.Theeeen you get to Showdown (the final boss encounter) and its got no resemblence to anything that went before. Instead of playing a tactical squad game you're playing an MMO boss encounter with zero precedent in the game. Irritating. Clearly a design choice to slow you down from completing rather than continuing a plan that involves fun. Ok, worked it out after a few attempts. Annoyed because it did not involve tactics, it involved working out the dance, learning the dance, then cheesing it. (My ultimate solution involved my character (a rigger) and a hacker and staying in the room you start in throughout the entire encounter).But ok, now I'm in the end game stuff, lets see what is available.Red or Blue. Both tell you to go multiplayer or get lost. I like to play casual stuff like this solo, so nuh uh.Infected campaign. Lets try that. Hmm huge map, replay the hell out of it and increase distance crawled through it each time but basically unless you 'cheat' and go look up the map or others' tactics you're not getting through it without continually replaying the same map. 4 times in, bored now. Got to the sentry guns then realised there was heaps more map.Ok that isn't much fun. Maybe its gear related. I know, I saw that for £5 I could buy the Missions DLC. Give it a go. Easy missions right? Nope, infinite spawns of mobs that take little damage from my guys but can one-shot mine easily.This is an ok game for playing through the campaign but once you're through the main campaign its dire. I'm nothing but appalled at the so-called 'end game'.I regret paying for any of the 'end game' stuff. Its completely terrible."
,Recommended,267750,15722382,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Darkzear,"It's pretty fluid and fun game to play for this kind of genre.Story seems linear compare to ""Shadowrun return"" and ""Dragonfall"".If you like more Action fight than a story driven. This is you game.PROS+Good customization option between Fashion and Combat gear+Co-op battle is funCONS-Story seems boring and linear-It have to connect internet to play with Single play mode*Review may changes later after more contents added"
,Not Recommended,267750,21739523,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,PMC-C4rb0n Ru1n3r,"How to spoil a great license.Just no, absolutely no. Very very disappointing game. First of all, you need to stay connected all the time, even if you want to play single player... the character creation definitely sucks, poor mechanics, no depth, meeh graphics, no actual roleplaying, an uninteresting story, the voice acting is bad and dull, and horrible and... no real strategy here, very frustrating experience with a nonsense hardness, the chance of winning are based on luck and not in your skill. It is not well balanced, percentages without any sense (being in front of an enemy with a 40% success rate, flank it and still have a 40%. This is a common thing), bad technical decisions, not very fun (ok, you can enjoy, a bit, the strategy in co-op)... and of course this is not Shadowrun, this is a generic turn based combat game with the Shadowrun name attached on it to call the attention.The developers have not known how to do it and still don't know. A promising game totally wasted. Many improvements needed to make it a game that worth your time and money."
,Recommended,267750,10735870,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ZeroService,I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME. If there is any game in exsistance on Steam you should buy it is this one. ♥♥♥♥ING GET IT NOW!
,Recommended,267750,15619491,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Nikita,"Yup, the game is fun. It is simple turn based Shadowrun goodness.  The game is linear. Don't expect any open world areas to explore. You have a tiny hub area where you pick up quests that will send you to specific story locations. I am playing it in COOP with a buddy and it is entertaining. It is filling a void that Divinity Original Sin has left behind. That being said, it is no where near as good at D:OS. But it is fun, turn-based, COOP tactical gameplay and there isn't too much of this around these days. I am happy I bought it. Would do it again."
76561198148909682,Recommended,267750,11647058,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,FamhairCloiche,"I'm a TT Shadowrunner from the first edition days until I had to ""grow up"".  Recent events have shown me that I need a little escape now and then, and I was thrilled when I found Shadowrun Online!  Before you read all the negative reviews, let me say that this game ha A LOT of potential.  It has a long way to go, but the foundation is good.  As of this writing the fourth update was just released, and from what I can tell, the in-game combat resolution is about there for the basic weapon/spell types.  The artwork is great, and the music is spot on.  I feel confident that I will recommend this game when it's done.All that being said, the development has a long way to go on the peripherals that are going to make this a great game:  the away-from-combat storylining, the character customization, and just general depth that can (and I'm confident) will be incorporated.  Right now this feels more like an alpha release than an open beta, so if your looking for an immersive Shadowrun experience, I'd give them some more time.  I you're passionate about Shadowrun though, get in here and let's help these guys out in creating what could become a fragging awesome title!These guys need our ideas and encouragement!"
76561197990417881,Recommended,267750,10839102,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,deadjosh,"Very cool, can't wait for the final version!"
,Recommended,267750,15906965,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,gevrik,"Finally a Shadowrun game that you can play online with your friends (or total strangers). The storyline is engaging, character development is fast and not too complex while still giving you a lot of options. The missions are challenging and the only thing I am really missing is PvP (which is supposed to be available in a future patch).All in all I am very happy with the purchase (I got the game in early access, but never played it a lot during that phase). Would recommend to anyone that likes turn-based strategy games and of course the Shadowrun IP."
,Recommended,267750,14821821,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Nekhron,"If you like the original Tabletop RPG, you will like this game.    It is similar, but different from, Shadowrun Returns & Shadowrun Dragonfall.   It holds much promise"
,Recommended,267750,27952054,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Buckaroo,"There are definitely not enough coop-games. So i try every single one if there is one and i'm happy to have found this, because SC-BL is one of the nicest coop-games right now."
,Recommended,267750,31259681,Posted: 20 April,all,Dividesbyzer0,"This is one of the best, yet underrated games. The story is great the game itself is very solid, and the combat is good. The community is full of awesome people. I only wish there was more campaigns and story. The dlc is amazing and I look forward to more.Also to anyone who brought the dlc and says they didn't get the music and or rule books etc its in the game's folder.SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\ShadowrunOnline\ExtrasPlease look around before you complain about not getting something you payed for. (^_^)b"
,Not Recommended,267750,21651388,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Agamemnon,"If you are buying it for the live co-op, stop there! You only can play with one other player and need to ask on Global chat for an invite. The game have a very basic tutorial that only help people who never played turn based strategy games and don't explain the features of the game. Maybe worth something for the fans of Shadowrun series.This game have not appealing. The missions are very boring and don't make me feel playing a strategy game. I will not talk about pros & cons, have lot of other reviews that cover it well and I not played enough to do a good one."
,Not Recommended,267750,33753019,Posted: 23 July,all,Drake Skaletta,"To be honest, the game is somewhat decent. But the MMO style it tries to pull off ruins a lot of it and makes each class blend together. Makes it so going down specific trees not entirely worth it. Plus the RPG elements are practially gutted so those who like the other shadowrun games like returns, dragonfall, and hong kong. Plus jumping in so late into the game like I did just ruins the fun with randos. As they'll just one shot everything and steal all the kills while you do nothing...So unless you like a really dumbed down Turn based RPG that you can play with freinds I say avoid it."
76561198267862381,Recommended,267750,28977589,Posted: 3 January,all,greenshinyultrablast,"I love cyberpunk and I love Shadowrun universe, so after having played the Shadowrun games from Harebrained I decided to give this game a shot. I've heard a lot of complaints about it concerning constant lagging, bad optimization, poor graphics and such. Well, all of that is true to some extent but this certainly isn't a bad game. In fact, at the moment I've spent over 20 hours playing it and am going to play it more. This should give you an idea of an approximate length of the base game without expansions. The game is quite self-explanatory and I had a lot of fun creating and customizing my character. Plus, it allows you to play it in a co-op mode with 3 other people which is a totally different experience from when you play it on your own. All in all, it is a decent game for the price,I bought it when it was on sale and it's totally worth the money."
,Recommended,267750,15660065,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,orz,"Many reviews will speak of lag and gameplay issues with negative context - and yes it was a serious problem for the first handful of days post-launch.  The devs have put in workarounds in place to keep the game very functional and playable while they address the root issues in code.This game is a very straightforward and enjoyable tactical-turn-based (4x without micromanagement) action game with some RPG elements tossed in.The story is rich in Shadowrun classic themes, and for nostalgic types, you'll get that giddy sheen you can expect from a cyberpunk themed game.  If you're used to Shadowrun RPG rules, some of the mechanics might throw you for a loop, but it doesn't take away anything from the game.The best part of the game is the co-op system.  It's fast and easy and doesn't have any crazy dependencies.  You just find-a-friend, party up, and go on a mission.Just be careful you don't start a run when there's 5 minutes left on the reboot clock!"
,Not Recommended,267750,20465980,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sterling Steedly,"When I first heard about this game, I figured that the bar would be set pretty high for it. Alas, it was not. After having played Shadowrun Returns, Dragonfall and Hong Kong, I have to say that I was not impressed.The upgrade/skill/ability tree system felt pretty dumbed down and kinda underwhelming. The aesthetic gear/clothing was an interesting touch, but after a point I stopped caring about it. Though, the duplicate aesthetic items were both pointless and annoying.As for strategy and tactics, it didn't feel like it was there. Although, I was expecting something along the lines of the last title with this game. Basically, load out with class types only mattered so much. If you didn't know what to expect, bring a decker and a ranged class along for certain. Especially if the mission had lots of machine/drone type enemies, and you chose to be a mage of anykind.Definitely glad I got this when it was on sale for cheap. Between Black Friday and Cyber Monday, I believe."
76561198037163983,Recommended,267750,15707741,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,fredlepfr,"Update (2015-05-10): No more lag now! I have removed the part about Lag in my review.Pros- Shadowrun feelings and lore well done. This is really a Shadowrun game, not a tactical game playing the cyberpunk card.- Missions are fun and some of them have nice twists to maintain the interest.- Solo mode is perfectly possible, playing coop is not mandatory. Some people complain that the henchmen (the people running with us during a mission) are weaker than the players, but it does not prevent me to succeed and have fun.- Customization of the character is a nice touch.- Developpers are pretty open and talktative in the community, so we can expect some nice updates and support for this game.- This is a funny and nice community. I am not a coop or MMO player at all and I was not that happy at first that the coop aspect was in the game. After a few chats and a few runs, I can say that I am happy with that point now. I still prefer solo game, but coop is okay in my newbie book.Mixed- Story : As I've said, nice Shadowrun feel for the whole game, story, character, etc. But it's not a strong story ride as in Dragonfall.Cons- Lack of some features. In the near future, some changes/additions should be make : a more complete character sheet, a little more NPC's to talk to, log/journal of previous missions/side-missions and story evenments so we can look back at what has be done (can help to choose an appropriate mission when looking to play coop), possibility to do re-runs for certains missions (probably the more heavy-fighting ones, so people just not farm on and on the same 2 easy missions).- Music. It does not compare to the awecome soundtracks of Shadowrun Returns and Dragonfall. It is not bad, it fits the game and setting well (some missions have quite good music actually), but since music is a major aspect of my enjoyment in any game, I had to put it in the cons columns. YMMV, I realize this is not an important point for everyone.Conclusion : Adjust your expectations accordingly (this is not Dragonfall or Shadowrun Returns and it's not a full MMO) and you will be quite satisfied with the game. I know I am and I am having a great fun playing it. Fortunately for me, the game can be played both solo and coop, so I can play whatever I want."
76561198069516857,Recommended,267750,16075365,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Hagbard,"This is a really nice made tactical turn based game. With allot open space for content and following updates.If u like tactical turn based RPG with the background on Shadowrun, then gonna buy this game.For me it is allot of fun to play with friends or strangers :DCreate your own BADASS Shadowrunner with allot of different backgrounds, skills and tactic"
76561197977372921,Recommended,267750,16116767,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Gozza,"Just completed chapter one, and thoroughly enjoyed the game. Even though it had a rocky start, and still have issues, I think it was time well spent.I hope new missions and more content is on its way :o)"
76561197993815207,Recommended,267750,16204221,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"It feels like Shadowrun Returns has a better system, but this game is still fun and enjoyable.  I think a turn-based game needs deeper mechanics and more diversity in customization; there are still many things that this game does well.  If you have a few friends willing to play with you, its worth checking out."
,Recommended,267750,21312657,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,genkipro,"OVERVIEWDisclaimer: I am a long-term Shadowrun fan and have played 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Edition P&P Shadowrun, as well as every computer incarnation of the IP that I have ever heard of. I am, without a doubt, a SR 'fanboi'.SC-BL is NOT what was promised in the Shadowrun Online Kickstarter Campaign. It is also NOT, in my opinion, a role-playing game. And it most definitely does NOT implement any of the official Shadowrun rules. It IS, however, a very fun turn-based strategy game in our beloved Shadowrun universe.==========================================================----------------------------------------QUALITY-------------------------------------==========================================================Graphics - The graphics in SC-BL are a mixed bag. The effects are nice, the interface graphic icons are consistent and tidy, and the level assets are mostly good, and generally exhibiting a Shadowrun-esque feel. Even the enemy models are pretty good, although without much variation.However, the player models are pretty disappointing, especially given the focus placed by the development team on player customisation. There's only a small number of character profiles to choose from, so you'll see each one multiple times while recruiting henchmen during the campaign, and very few of the plethora of clothing and accessory options actually look very interesting. Hands of the player models are particularly ugly.Sound - Music in the game is good, and most of the sound effects are decent as well. Voiceovers are, for the most part, awful, although the scripts are quite well written and with very few grammar errors.Gameplay - The game is split into two parts: a 'hub' area for dialogue with NPCs, gaining and completing missions, buying and selling gear, and upgrading your character, as well as very limited social interaction with other players online; and the mission / combat part of the game.The mission/combat side of the game is where you'll spend most of your time. If you've played any of the XCOM games, Jagged Alliance, Frozen Synapse, or anything like that, then you'll know what to do, but probably be a little disappointed by the limited options. Each mission has you controlling up to four runners, each equipped with two weapons (for human players) or only one (for NPCs). Each turn you can move once and attack or use an ability, or move twice. Abilities are essentially limited to buffs or debuffs, with limited summons available to shamans and riggers. Unfortunately the summons are not as effective as they could (or should) be, as a maximum of two summoned entities can be active at any one time, completely removing any options for all-rigger parties, for example.I attempted to play multiplayer -- one of the big draw cards of this game when compared to the more traditional Shadowrun RPG games from Harebrained Schemes -- but after spending hours hanging around in the 'lobby' area, posting various 'LFG' messages to chat and inviting others to join in my games, I was unable to join up with even a single other player. This aspect, then, was rather disappointing, although from what I can gather the gameplay is essentially the same, just with a another human PC in place of one of your hired henchmen.PROS AND CONSPros:+ It's a Shadowrun game, in the Shadowrun game world, with magic, and orks, and dragons, and cyberwear, and guns, and drones, and decking ... oh no, wait: it doesn't really have decking.+ Some of the levels are nice and well thought out+ Reasonably good balance between most character type makes multi-displinary teams funCons:- Only two summoned units allowed in the party (in singleplayer, at least). WTF!? Why can my rigger only summon her two drones if the shaman hasn't happened to summon her bear spirit? That doesn't make sense!- It's not Shadowrun Online. It's not a MMOG. It's not a roleplaying game and doesn't implement Shadowrun rules.- Almost everything boils down to just another attack or another way to pick locks; decking is just another weapon that may as well just be a stun gun, hacking is just another % chance to open a door.- No real 'end game'.- Repeated levels/maps used over and over again through the singleplayer game.- Character customisation at first seems quite varied, but everything sort of looks the same, so it's actually not that great.- Doesn't cope at all well with network issues -- a few seconds of disconnection and the mission freezes up, requiring a restart, with no way to reconnect to the mission or recover your progress.- no deckingCONCLUSIONI waited a long time to try Shadowrun Chronicles - Boston Lockdown (SC-BL for short). I ummed and ahhed about backing it on Kickstarter when it was still to be Shadowrun Online, and after the first year of updates on Steam and seeing where the game was heading I was very glad that I hadn't outlaid my hard-earned dollars. I had written off the game before even playing it, and that was a mistake.I wanted to wait until reaching the end of the campaign and at least trying the limited end-game material (two repeatable arena challenges) before writing this review. I also wanted to play multiplayer, but I was unable to find anyone who would accept any of my invites or invite me, so from that aspect at least, it doesn't look good. But there's a fair bit of content in the campaign and I had a lot of fun playing it by myself, regardless.Am I disappointed? Yes, sure; I really wanted the Shadowrun Online that was promised.Is this a good game anyway? Yes, definitely!7/10"
,Recommended,267750,22743223,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,heltonmatiazi,"This game is the definition of 'mixed feelings'.Pros:- Character customization is great, you have tons of options- Very challenging, some missions will require a lot of gunning&running, some will require careful planning.- Great community, easy to find groups, easy to get answers.- The story is great (to everyone complaining that it's linear...well, returns, dragonfall and hong kong are also linear and I don't see you screaming about it)...Cons:- Lack of polish. Many very basic sistems are not implemented (whispers, ressurection...).- Lack of endgame. Not a lot of things to do once you finish infected.- The decker\hacker is just another spellcaster\ranged-controller. No matrix to be seen.Its not a roleplaying game per se, but it's a good game. You don't have dialogue choices until the very end of the first campaign, but if you are looking for a tactical cyberpunk experience, this game is worth it.Overall, if you can get a friend to play with, you will have a great time."
,Recommended,267750,22835742,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hitt.william,"I love this game.  The core, a co-op turn-based strategy game, is loads of fun.  Decisions about where to post up and what skill to use are meaningful, and enemy variety requires you to pay attention to armor types and supportive roles.  If you have to take a henchmen (either you or your co-op partner), these decisions are also meaningful and are best carefully considered to maximize your effectiveness.However, I must say that the skill trees in the game are somewhat uninspired, and you may find yourself getting a little tired of almost the exact same hub world and quest givers after spending upwards of 20 hours in the game.  Lastly, the Boston accent is just awful, in general.  I understand why it's there...but it's awful."
76561198037928085,Recommended,267750,15732631,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Yaz,Awesome game! Highly recommended! Can't wait for more content!
76561198075215377,Recommended,267750,15718928,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,lighthouseamour,I love this game. It is a wonderful addition to the Shadowrun universe. The gameplay is fun and the story telling is good. Highly recommend it.
,Recommended,267750,15733113,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Stunt Monkey,"Firstly, the game is having serious lag issues and problems right now, you *will* experience this and it will be frustrating, the current resolution is restarting servers every 2 hours so watch for messages announcing this to be sure you're not mid run. (as of May 7, 2015)Edit: Lag is far better as of May 22nd!Now, that said, the game itself is excellent. Story is interesting (if railroady) and makes it well worth talking to everyone to see what they have to say and how things are effecting people, the actual runs are really good, as the game goes on and you get deeper into it they become progressively harder and require more thought and tactics from you.These runs can be solo the entire game using hired runners or if you prefer, you can recruit friends or people from chat to run with (thus far this seems exceptionally easy to do so, people are always open to running something). The combat is interesting and fun, the skill trees give you a feel of actually learning new stuff mostly and whilst focusing on one or two is rewarded with more powerful skills it's still very workable to be a jack of all trades and pick from many trees to get a good all round build.Overall, definitely recommended and worth it if you enjoy Shadowrun, best with friends but good regardless."
76561198028511752,Recommended,267750,15715344,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,obbe,A wery good and fun game!
76561198042819037,Recommended,267750,15857356,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Anaxonic,"A tactics game which is fine solo and really shines when played with friends.   Looking forward to what chapter two will be like!  The end of the first chapter was excellent, and now to decide what class to play next..."
,Recommended,267750,15843457,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Typhon,"Do you like the Shadowrun universe? Do you like Mass-hole accents? Then you'll love SR Chronicles: Boston Lockdown!It started off rough but now the initial lag issues fixed, the game plays marvelously!The SRC is more like the new X-Com games than Shadowrun Returns, but it's similar enough that you'll know what you're doing if you come from either.8/10 lack of Adepts and clean-cut haircuts are my only gripes."
76561197968355555,Recommended,267750,15706931,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Coroner,the framework is solid and the map rotation is a nice step up ... then you get to multiplay tooyep.hopefully they continue to deliver on this good thing they have started here
76561198082608487,Recommended,267750,15770645,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Multimorph,"Shadowrun Chronicles is a nice, fun game that I came to enjoy a lot - although it took me some getting used to.I bought this game just after finishing Shadowrun: Dragonfall and did not like it at first. It is a very different game and although set in a Shadowrun-like universe, there are noticeable differences. The integration of Decking/Hacking as another form of ""real-world"" combat instead of a standalone matrix probably being the most striking example.Nevertheless, after playing the game for some time I adjusted my view and moved away from expecting it to deliver a sucessor for Dragonfall. And I started to really enjoy Chronicles: It is a fun, fast-paced, round-based coop game with a strong Shadowrun flavor. I quickly came into the ""just 5 more Karma, only one more run"" mindset that then means another hour of playing.Sure, there are still many issues with the game: The worst lags are gone by now, but there are still lots of things that feel somewhat incomplete (e.g. some stats can nowhere be checked, some descriptions are not very precise etc). The developers, however, do a great job in communicating with the players and I am quite confident that they will continue to significantly improve the game!Bottomline, despite some negative points, the game is fun to play and therefore gets my recommendation!"
76561198017330924,Not Recommended,267750,28010938,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tiberius,"This was a fun game, but it's a ghost town.  Nothing new content wise in a long time. Can never find anyone for lower level missions and higher missions aren't much fun with just NPC help.  It had potential, but it's basically as lifeless the moon..."
76561197972883416,Recommended,267750,16104863,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,m2duemle,"I've been really enjoying this game.  I think it used to be Shadowrun Online?  It's not the same makers of the first two games, so the graphics are a little rougher but it still feels like the same universe to me.  I still enjoy the combat and story and feel of the shadowrun world and it feels like a continuation of the other games even though it's from someone else.  The combat is very X-com except I wish you could set up ""cover fire"" or automatically fire on someone who runs in your path with a play use.  But that's just a personal gripe.  I don't get why some of the other runners find this game THAT inferior to the others...  Just go in expecting it not to be a Hairbrained game and you should be fine.  If $40 is a lot of money to you, which I totally understand it being, it is to me, and you don't LOVE shadowrun you might want to pass this one up but I really love all things shadowrun (Shout out to Harmontown for playing it live every week!) so this was worth it to me."
76561198030823402,Recommended,267750,15686443,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,thedude,good game except it never ♥♥♥♥ing works
,Recommended,267750,15708688,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,LordDarcian,"So people seem to forget this game just came out of early access and is in beta. This means there will be bugs and unseen problems that were not expected. The real DL about this game is the game potential and the developers are actually communicating. Did i buy this game because i played shadow run dragongall and shadowrun returns? sure. This game while the combat can be compared to X-com should not just be based on that. This game is still in beta and I am sure the developers have a lot more ideas and plans ready or in their thoughts.So let us begin.Pros:Nice action based combat and a nice story so far.Decent customize options even if i am tired of getting the same clothes multiple times.Combat does require some thinking so you dont get geeked from the start.Cons:There is a slight lag problem but the developers are working around the clock to fix the influx and server problems.story is linear with side quests. I would like to see it more open world ish maybe a personal node we can use as our own base to invite friends. Maybe at a later date?So in summary does this gem need polishing? sure but that comes with time. Is it a fun game with a good community, Yes absolutley I have not seen a problem of people cussing out others for mistakes and getting the mission failed. Would i pay to buy this game? yes and i did when it was a early access game because of the love for this franchise and type of rpg. People who wrote negative reviews sure they are entitled to their opinions, albeit wrong and their hours ingame show they havent spent enough time to actually evaluate the game.I rate the game a 8/10 I enjoy it while i play it and once the lag problem is fixed it will easily get a 10/10"
,Recommended,267750,16652754,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Skeltis,"I am playing SRC since december and it amazes me how small developers team could do such progress in just half year.Game have many issues right now. It has lags, sometimes grouping issues, sometimes connection problems.It has still long way to go to be fully scaled MMO game, but I am excited about what it'll become.Despite all problems I like this game, it's ambience, small details, great community. For me it's worth every cent spent on it and every single minute I played it.Even with small team and many issues developers are trying to take into account maximum player suggestions.And as I mentioned before the game has the best community I've ever seen in games."
76561198038144297,Recommended,267750,15602430,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,jjanni,A lot of fun.  Game continues to get better and better with each update.
76561198060994213,Recommended,267750,15671702,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Jivebot,"In the name of everything right, sacred, and just do NOT spend your money on this game. At least not yet.As it stands today it's borderline unplayable. The lag is breath takingly majestic in it's scope and pervasiveness. Server reboots and crashes will be your new steadfast companions. And all that is assuming you're even able to log in to begin with.When the game works, it's fun. It has a definite potential to be a great experience for Shadowrun fans.Alas, right now the game simply doesn't work."
76561197992910116,Recommended,267750,11180570,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Jebus,i like shadowrun buuut i cant make my own toon..or pick my own proper quests...and were is the city...match making to fight other players dont really make it a MMO guys...
,Recommended,267750,11241075,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,CyberInfantry,"I am really enjoying this game, but there is no character creation.  I'm not sure exactly what the plans are going forward, but I was hoping to get more of a table-top experience than is currently offered by the game.  That said, I do really enjoy the game.  I look forward to seeing what the developers add and implement."
,Recommended,267750,10507852,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Caydln,"I made a review way back in the day on this game and I didn't have anything good to say, forgetting that it was in (and still is) early access. Now that the game is updated (with a fancy new title and all) I can see that the game is doing a lot better. I've created a character, did some runs, and did the same runs over and over for karma. I'm honestly having a lot of fun with this game. I hope it keeps getting updated and does even better in the future."
76561198034497987,Recommended,267750,15607276,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Kayonne,"Great Fun game if you like a bit of tatical combat, x-com style... but better ... cause you and your buddies each control a single character..... well that kind makes it better for me :PThough if it is your cup of tea you can go by yourself and hire hencheman to help you controling everyone if you rather play it ""singleplayer"" so to speak.Now if you know the universer and are a Shadowrun fan......welll then you probaly already bought the game XDThe game just came out of early acess as of this review so, lauch day problems abound, one specifc that annoys me that it seens that there is no provision to whisper/PM anyone.But that aside still healla of a fun time I started playing it today, net droped, game crashed, had to reboot my comp... but I started right again, hell even made a new char, spellcaster, for the hell of it... and now as I write this I got to bed... nearly at 5am lol and steam tells me that I have played..... yea 13 hours of the game...........I mean maybe that is just me......but if were to possibly be a bit less humble than I should......that probaly means this is a DAMN fine game, so go and buy it damn it, it is evne for sale now ^^P.S. it is really fun and I was interested on it and kept my eye on it for a long time now..... but the price fell too high for me, so I only bought it today during sale... would I have bought it anyways for full price now that I know how fun it is? .............. probaly....still feels a bit pricy without the discount though, so if you are reading this at a later date and the game is no longer on sale.... well keep that in mind. If you are a fun of the universe you probaly will find it still worth anyways, if the mecanics is what seen to attract you.... well you may want to wait for a sale..... or not either way I dont blame you.Make you pick folks and whichever way you go have fun and see you ingame ^^"
76561198006520086,Recommended,267750,15601325,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Marc,Surely not an MMO but a good cooperative tactical game with an rpg twist
76561198132188108,Recommended,267750,12398754,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,DragonXing,"If you are a fan of turn based games then i do recommend purchasing this game as being one of the supporters in building a game that has so much potential. You may find that spending this amount is not your worth since its still in early access and its not a full game yet, but i bought it knowing the full detail that by supporting the game and the devs, they will of course with your money spend build and grow the game into something good.I was not a fan of turn based games till i played shadowrun dragonfall, and oh the feels of the game keeps me going. will be buying shadowrun returns soon.But hey why not invest in a game that has so much potential and be one of the prime people that helped build and invest in this game.Only con i can provide = Early access with much more slowly being released.Pro =  goddamn it, its shadowrun ONLINE WHOOOok sorry, its just so good to me =)"
76561197973475017,Recommended,267750,10929400,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kimo,"Won't compare this with Shadowrun Returns.. right now. SR:R is very much a successor to the '90s SNES/Genesis title in that there is a roaming mode for exploring/RPG events and a separate turn-based mode for combat/tactical moments.In it's current Early Access state, Shadowrun Online is a series of turn-based combat missions with two characters (controlled in offline play by a singler player). Storytelling is accomplished in text-based narratives that break down the plot. In-mission, the characters delver voiced banter and commentary that is genre-accurate and well done.Combat is quick, brutal, and easy to access/figure out with an elegantly designed UI that doesn't leave many questions unanswered. Shoot your gun, ammo goes down, use an action phase to reload. Simple. The AI is sharp. Pushing to cover, hitting you hard, and making you eat drek. Expect to get greased, Chummer.Graphics are excellent. A superior engine that delivers mood and environment clearly but without being cluttered or feeling like it's on rails (which it is, really, but at least it -looks- like you have an environment outside of the combat zone).All-in-all, a good experience. I'm excited for the full release and look forward to Workshop content if available."
76561198120633140,Recommended,267750,25215287,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Entropy,"This was a really solid strategy game.  My main complaint is that there wasn't enough of it, and replaying beaten levels wasn't a realistic option.  There wasn't enough options in the skill trees once you chose a particular class.  Playing with friends who are a different level is not handled well.  We had connection issues that would cause some wierd behavior.  But overall the game was very enjoyable.  Plenty of strategy and teamwork in co-op play, yet still be solid single player fun.  The NPCs are plainly weaker than a teammate, but not so much so that single player play is impossible as with some co-op games.  The endgame is insufferably difficult such that you need a perfect strategy, perfect team, and perfect luck, and it becomes a TPK if you have one bad roll.  While not perfect though, it was a good game."
76561198020532927,Recommended,267750,15745939,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,drhall462,"This game is loads of fun!  Unfortunately it released with severe latency problems which the dev team struggled fora while to resolve.  They stuck to it and experienced many sleepless nights trying their best to please the fans and realize their goal.  It seems to finally  be resolved now and I for one hope that anyone who was frustrated at launch will come back and try the game out now.  It is not a sandbox open world MMO, and it is not the most strategicly complex turn based strategy game in the world but it is a very fun version of shadowrun that shows a lot of promise.  I enjoyed it enough that I played even while the issues were ongoing and the lag was nearly unbearable and although it was a bit frustrating I had enough fun to put up with it for hours at a time.  Now that the issue seems to be fixed I will be playing even more and I recommend it to any shadowrun or turn based combat fans!  You can do shadowrun combat missions solo with other characters that you control or with your friends! who hasnt wanted that since they played the first shadowrun console games or even just the original pen and paper?!  A good time for any fan!  Cheers to Cliffhanger Productions and their awesome team who lost at least a week of their lives fighting to get us the gaming experience that they set out to provide!  See you in the shadows, chummers!"
76561198045063918,Recommended,267750,31847976,Posted: 19 May,all,ripclaw,Extremely Cool game. I just wish there was more DLCs and more Char slots. So I could build more Chars.
76561198101079459,Not Recommended,267750,21579548,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ValhallanMonk,"Best played with friends. There are hardcore elements in the community who have been around since beta. If things don't go smoothly or you play a bit noobish, expect to be blacklisted. Once that happens this decent game is completely ruined. I am up to my 3rd toon and play the game really well, if only I had played solo till then."
76561198138762990,Not Recommended,267750,21717880,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Theorden,"It's ok, but the area where you return over and over seems to lack the depth that the other shadow run games have.  I got bored with it, bought Shadow Run Hong Kong and uninstalled Boston Lockdown.  Maybe I missed some part of the game?  Something that would keep me into it?"
,Recommended,267750,11322160,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,zephrim,"Since the new update a lot has changed. So much so that I can finally give it a thumbs up. Character creation has been added and is coming along very nicely. There are more missions and more things to do. No it is not the typical MMO, yes it would be a lot cooler if when running around in the hub you could actually see other players there as well. However, that really won't stop you from enjoying the title. You'll be able to hire other runners, work with other runners, and chat with other runners. A lot of my complaints have been addressed and I can say that this game is coming along nicely. This game could really grow, especially now that the player base is getting more of the game that they hoped for. Now if we could just get more people to go back and redo their reviews as I have.{Edit: Aug. 08} New update brought a lot of good things and really brought my hopes up for this title. Now there is character creation, its limited and mainly just creating your look and weapons, but no skills or anything like that yet. However its a huge step in the right direction. Also they added coop so you can play with a friend, also a big step forward in my opinion.Now with all that being said, I still can't really give it a good thumbs up. Its another situation on Steam that I wish they had a middle ground button. Like a ""wait and see"" button. Fact is, if your wanting to buy a game to play, you can't really play this yet. Not as intended and certainly not as envisioned. You can test out some things. Shadowrun Online is what I would call Pre-alpha. If Alpha is to put together content, and Beta is to iron out bugs and glitches, then this is Pre-Alpha. Its still putting together the basic physics and core aspects of the game. Now if you are a fan or if you just like the concept and want to invest in a game, then yeah I would suggest Shadowrun Online. Just understand its going to be a while before you will get to actually play it.Okay I barely played but what I saw from just 15 mins in was enough. This game is NOTHING that is advertised. I swear the devs added the word Online just to try and sell more copies to the multiplayer crowd, because lets face it, the Shadowrun title is a bit on the underground and nerdy side of gaming so its only going to attract a certain type of player. But add the word ""online"" to it and you get an entirely different group of player base.If you bought this thinking as I did that this was going to be a Shadowrun MMO as decribed, you will be upset. If you bought this thinking in your head, ""Oh this is going to be a Shadowrun/WoW, or TESO, or DC Universe Online"", then you will be upset.First thing, no character creation, no character customization, none of that.Secondly it wouldn't matter if they added it because the only missions available are all combat missions, and they are all very straight forward. Do it one way you will succeed, try anything different than what the devs wanted you to do, and exactly how they wanted you to do it, you will fail miserably. The missions that are available are all very short, on very small maps, the difficulty is more in the fact that you can't heal or use any items and yet you have to fight your way through tons of enemies. Its not about it being challenging, cause its not. Basically you play through the first time to learn what the devs wanted you to do, then after you die, you try again doing exactly what your supposed to.Third, seeing how the only missions available are combat you would think they would have that part down pat right? No, not at all. Combat is buggy, and has some serious issues. The chance to hit makes some very unrealistic changes, for no reason. Just seems to change after each round if you move or not.Fourth, you wont be actually playing with or against anyone. You would think with it being Shadowrun ""Online"", that the basic concept would be to create a character, team up with other runners to pull off bigger and better jobs. But no, thats not it. you just play through combat missions, you don't get to pick a team, you don't get to design a character, you don't get to do much.So there you go; no I can not recommend this game, not right now. Maybe later on I'll come back and if things have turned around I'll rewrite this review. But, as it stands today, I wish I hadn't bought it, I especially wish I hadn't spent the 50$ on the top tier. I feel like this is a really big rip off, and is a marketing ploy to raise money. There doesn't seem to be anything ""Online"" about it, other than the lobby chat on the main screen. And there doesn't seem to be anything ""Shadowrun"" about it other than it has elves and dwarves with lazers and cyborgs. If you are a Shadowrun fan, unless your die hard about the series and just buy anything with the words ""Shadow"" and  ""Run"" on it, I suggest you avoid this.""Featuring•	Gripping and deadly tactical turn-based combat in the Shadowrun world: Choose from a wide array of skills, magic, technology and weapons to survive the challenging missions! Control your team of runners and make every move count! Dive behind cover, outsmart security systems and use any weapon at your disposal to make it out alive.• Full character customization: Create your individual Shadowrunner in completely skill based character progression using a variety of outfits, cyberware, abilities and of course a ton of weapons! A successful run requires commanding a team of runners with the right balance of combat, tech, and magical abilities.•	Deeply tactical Co-Op and PVP: Team up with friends to face huge variety of deadly enemies or enter PVP combat and develop new strategies to survive in the Shadowrun world.•	Directly shape the future of Shadowrun: Developed together with the tabletop RPG writers and based on the Lockdown Campaign setting, Shadowrun Online will allow you to shape the future of the Shadowrun Universe by your actions!""That was taken right from the store page, and guess what, they may plan on implementing it someday, but its not anywhere in the game currently. Oh and when they say that the missions are hard they mean pretty much impossible unless you do exactly what we wanted you to do. Otherwise the enemies will pretty much one shot or two shot you."
,Recommended,267750,10457237,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,CarotideEtude,"You can see my early access review below. In the meantime, the team has made big strides and completely rebuilt the game from what it was in the beginning. Todyay it's an engaging XCOM style tactical RPG with an interesting story, fresh looks and great customization options. Bet of all it's set in one of the best tabletop universes: Shadowrun. A must for anyone into  cyberpunk, tactical RPGs and online co-ops.OLD REVIEW:Still in early stages. Having to restart whole mission because of one misstep is aggravating and makes me just regret my purchase. Some kind of a low power healing would be nice. And beware of accidentally clicking with wrong mouse button you will immediately move there instead of having to confirm your movement first. The game is too punishing at this stage. Some kind of basic tutorial should be implemented ASAP, it's 2014 FFS."
76561198053172183,Recommended,267750,11164941,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Ionosnova,"Finally, It's awesome. I love this game."
,Recommended,267750,11961449,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,SilverSe7ens,"So i randomly jumped on to see what's been goin on. gotta say, it don't hold a candle to harebrained, but, it's really solid. i thouroughly enjoyed the hour or two i put into it. this is what i was expecting to see after a year or so in develpment, after i signed on as a backer. i'm eally enthused forr what this crew have done, and eagerly await the finalized release version of  the project, and as for the half brain dead comment left by seelenschmied, durrrrr, but after a year in development you need to have more than proof of engine, it's called a business model, and i wou;d say this game was way off track from a successful model last september, it's starting to catch up, which is good considering the impending release. they've come a far piece with these last few months, and i'm thrilled. but don't go tryin' to educate me on the development process, you need a business model, and i know how slow crow funding can be, and how tedious it cn be to generate enough funding to keep a project on schedule, but that does not alleviate a responsibility to your backers, to your fans, to deliver a reasonable product in a reasonable time. to think that it does is just horrible business and leads to the destruction of the fan base that youl so desperately require for funding. glad to see they pulled their drek together and we'll finally be able to slot this thing soon. hope you guys keep kickin' up the quality. only thing i'd like to see is some sort of matchmaking service, just something to help like-minded players come together to help generate the experience they desire, i get how challenging that might be, but all in all, you guys have really got it back on track and for the dozenth time, i'm very excited for the finished product, keep knockin' it out. shoot straight, conserve ammo and, never cut a deal with a dragon."
76561198036949955,Recommended,267750,13347271,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,The Greatwolf,"Okay so here goes my revised review; please consider that my experiences with this game were from three time periods: right at it's early access release, the week prior to its release and the week following it's release. I'll begin with the early access part of this edited review below:""Pure dogshit. I'm not even going to waste my time explaining my opinions to people on this one. avoid at all costs, do not put any of your personal finances into the game.I dont know if the game is in development, or released fully etc. If it's out in earnest, you as the developers have so much♥♥♥♥♥♥to sort out to make my expendature worth it. If it is not released fully yet, give up now. pure♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""So there that is. I don't lie and I dont mince about with my words- the game was- and was set to be- a waste of time for me from the getgo. From perhaps an hours playtime, I was bitter and angry at the waste of money I had given for a founders edition game this poor. But that would change.I didn't play for months; Following a Dev reply to my review, explaining that the game had changed considerably and was now in a far more polished state, I decided to see if shadowrun:chronicles would live up to the name of my dearly cherished RP system and game series and I can honestly say that it has. so here goes the review fo the game in its released state.I would rate the game a solid 8/10 based on the content that is available to me now. the story is intriguing and nearing the quality of the two recent re-released shadowrun games, both of which I play on my IPad. the quality of the graphics is a wierd fish for me; it is not what you would call awe-inspiring, yet the models, the maps, the effects and all of the ambience feels RIGHT for a shadowrun game and is charming. charming is the best word I could use, it charms you. playability wise, it is not only fun and smooth (excpeting the unfortunate lag which Iwill cover) but engaging and thought provoking, at once rewarding for using tactical thought and punishing when risks are taken and failed. it really makes you think, and it has a gritty, satisfying feel to acheiving objectives or kills. the character customisation is very decent, with many ways to make your character your own, both aesthetically and by means of skills and weapon choices. multiplayer matching could use a dedicated system but it is awesome to know a whole bunch of runners are waiting to group, yet should you not want to NPCs are available.the afforementioned LAG is the only issue I have with the game, apart from the desire to see even more kit, weapons and customisation. i cannot lie, Man is it terrible. game stopping often. it results in server shutdowns and mid-mission DCs but the devs work on it constantly so things are being solved.things that make it stand out: loyalty to the setting, charming graphics, rewarding gameplay, the collection of clothing to customise your avatar, and the clear effort that the devs put in to giving the community what they want.things I want to see: more clothing and tattoos and  hairstyles please! more character thumbnails! more weapons! perhaps weapon modification? solve the lag issues and this would be an incredible little game. obviously the more RP that gets thrown into the mix is better also."
76561198152079340,Recommended,267750,14091308,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,kseib263,"Go play Shadowrun Returns if you want a real shadowrun game..This game needs tons of work yet.Its getting better.awesome improvements but still needs alot of work.once again I think you need to go back to the PnP game and work from that.sofar I've seen bad guys that have yet to miss one of my people in cover.burst fire that hits each of my guys 3 times each,thats are in the shooter's zone.to be able to shoot then move.Shoot twice if I don't move.Being able to adjust each of the character's stats2 consumables needs to be changed to 4 or 6allow mages to heal with spells..Better summoned spirits for different shamansif my party is 4 casters then we should have 4 spirits,4 riggers should have 4 dronesriggers need better controls,having different drones, crowd control,medics,melee.being able to modify our drones and equipmentshenchmen that have secondary combat skills and consumables of their own.lose the skill trees all together. put in regulars skills with regular karma costs.put in special skills or abilities.Higher capacity on shotguns.Armor that doesn't go away. hope some of this helps improve this game"
76561198005859891,Recommended,267750,16152567,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Keltik0ne,"Not quite what I expected: It's a fairly solid multiplayer game, but has only a superficial gloss of Shadowrun.Instead, it's a pretty enjoyable tactical strategy title that takes it's lead from the more recent XCOM title. It has a fairly decent story, but limited replayability at this time.Still worth a look if you like tacticals though."
76561198031292915,Recommended,267750,16643401,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,lothern001,"I have immensely enjoyed this version of shadow run.  It is a well balanced and challenging multiplayer campaign and more.   The added challenge missions were and still continue to be exciting and requires strategy and teamwork.   I love that no matter how skilled you are there still and chance for random chaos to ensue.  I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategy and team play.   There are several classes of characters to pick and I've played them all.  There are almost infinite ways to customize from background to training choices.  The variety of clothing items , rare drops and the ever coveted challenge mission prizes keep you coming back for more. Im looking forward to the next challenges and helping new players."
76561198035743622,Recommended,267750,17463649,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,telwyn,"Really enjoyable coop strategy game. Playing as a trio, we've found the game to be challenging and very immersive. The story is engaging and the artwork design for levels has depth and some really nice detail."
,Recommended,267750,14332547,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Telarius,"I had high hopes for this game at one time, but that hope is fading.  Updates are few and far between and clearly the release date needs to been revised and communicated to the players.  I would be very leery of this game until it shows more progress.-----------------------------------------------------------------Update 03/09/2015 - Based on recent work and communication from the development team regarding a revised release date, I am feeling very hopefull about this game and am changing my review to positive.  There has been quite a bit of work done since my initial review, and the game is coming along nicely.  That being said, it still has a way to go, but as long as the team continues development post-release, this game holds a great deal of potential."
76561197984610355,Not Recommended,267750,34385902,Posted: 20 August,all,PEARLNOOT,"Being a avid cyber punk i thought this game would be better. It retains a semi shadow run feel, but is lost in the gameplay. The game is like a bull shoot. Meaning you can only do what the game wants you to do. Like a campaign. You cant just go out into the world and do what you want. Its very limited. You must play what the game is set up to play. The Sega genesis Shadow run rocked! Its open to do what you want and play a campaign at the same time. I dont recomend this game to those who like the open and free playing games."
,Not Recommended,267750,34423845,Posted: 22 August,all,Starwaster,"Tried playing for a few hours but game always craps out on me with connectivity issues and I just eventually gave up on it. Too frustrating. Wish I could play but afraid to even start it up.To expand on this a little, this is what a typical attempt at playing was like for me: Start the game, create a character, run character through first mission and try to enter the game world where (presumably) I'd actually get to play and meet other players. That's the point at which I'd get a connection error. And I had to repeat that entire process because my progress wasn't saved to that point. No option of retrying the last step, every thing I did up to that point was LOST."
76561197965396869,Recommended,267750,15707846,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Macdallan,"Caveat:  I haven't played this a lot yet... but I've got lots of experience with these kind of games and played old-school table-top Shadowrun a long time ago (yes, more than 10 years ago).  I've played several other Shadowrun RPGs including the SNES, Genesis and more recent Shadowrun Returns and Shadowrun:Dragonfall.  So, I know a bit about the world and how the game is supposed to look, fell and how the mechanics should work.  And no, I won't be calling anyone a ""chummer"".  That's the only thing I never enjoyed about Shadowrun, characters always calling people ""chummer"".  I like all the other lingo, just not that.  But I, as usual, digress - on to the ""review"".Caveat #2:  This review sounds really negative.  I'm just old and cranky, the game's not really all that bad.  But it needs work, work that the Dev. team are actually doing.  Give those guys a break and, if you get a chance, drop by the forums and tell 'em thanks for their hard work.I can probably sum this up in a few sentences, but I'm not going to because I like Shadowrun and I think that it deserves more than a few lines. Shadowrun Chronicles: Boston Lockdown is a turn-based Shadowrun Role Playing Game that I had, and still have, high hopes for.  It's just not quite there yet.If you don't want to read the whole reveiw at least read this paragraph.  I had hoped SC:BL would play more like Dragonfall, and I really had my fingers crossed for it to play like the table-top games I used to play.  It feels like s a simplified version, one that still needs quite a bit of work, but has a lot of potential.So, complaints.The thing that made me shake my head the most and say ""what were they thinking"" in the Angry VIdeo Game Nerd voice are the frickin' robots running around (and by running around I mean that on top of the following two things they can also take a move action) that can continually repair their armour AND shoot you in the same round.  This is very early on in the game and does not bode well for late-game balance.Sure, there are ways to deal with them, but if you've got one character out of the fight and the other is specialized in magic damage, that the robot is somehow completely immune to, you're gonna have a bad time.  Like I did.  If you can only do a small amount of range/melee damage you will very likely be unable to defeat the robot unless you luck out with several crits.  In a row.  There's no way to retreat out of the mission and no way I could find to do a bit of extra damage, so if you're a mage (and you can't heal with magic, by the way) you may as well re-start the mission.I also couldn't heal a downed party member (a NPC hireling, not another player) despite having both a Docwagon card and a Medkit.  I guess there's no ""bleeding out"" like Dragonfall has, there's alive and dead and nothing in between for your NPCs.  Only happened once that I tried to heal a NPC hireling so I'm not sure if I just missed the window of opportunity or you just can't do it.  I was there within the next round so I'm guessing you just can't do it.Deckers can do some kind of decking attacks against... well, pretty much anyone and don't need LOS to do it as long as another character can see their target.  Sure the hit percentage is bad unless they're pretty close but... it's lame.  That ability needs to go away, or at least the fact that they can do damage to anything, or at least anything I've encountered so far.  Sure it's not a lot of damage, but they're safe hiding behind a wall.I don't remember deckers being able to hack into orgainc characters and ""stun"" them or damage them by typing on their deck while they are not jacked in to, or remotely controlling, anything.  Deckers are there to pwn the matrix and hack security, robots, turrets, etc.  You want to deal with that Lone Star patrol that's currently firing on you then you'll probably want a mage, shaman, street samurai, rigger or, well, pretty much anything but a decker, to be attacking them.  Sure there are things a decker can do, but if you're in the middle of a desert and people are shooting at you the decker's going to want a gun, not his keyboard.So, the development team are currently fixing a tonne of problems with the online servers, you'll get booted during missions, and you won't know if you're not paying extremely close attention to the (crappy) dialogue box.  Actually I've been booted several times for re-starts and have yet to actually see any kind of warning dialogue, message, alert, memo, etc.  Nothing.  I just get dumped out of the mission I'm on and have to re-start it.  I was actually finished one mission and got booted out.  I had to re-do the whole run.  Luckily it was short.Ok, enough about that.  Next problem.  The interface .. well, it's functional but I don't like it.  The dialogue box is in a stupid place and and detracts from the game.  Make it re-sizeable and stick that  thing in a corner - out of the way, not nearly in the middle of the left side of the screen.Speaking of ugly... the characters don't look great.  Some of them don't look BAD, but they don't look all that good either.  The selection screen at the beginning annoys me.  Use a menu, or have a nine by nine grid with small graphics of each hair/beard/accessory.  Don't make me click a frickin' arrow over and over and over.  The menu once you get in the game would be fine, just bring that to the ""character creation"" screen and that would be good enough.The settings look okay.  Some of the characters and weapons look okay, too.  Overall it's decent but graphically I have to say that absolutely nothing has impressed me.The sounds are okay, but there are annoying ambiance noises and most of the voice acting I have heard so far is about average.  Again, nothing impressive but it's functional.So far ihave seen exactly zero ""overwatch"" type of skills nor any kind of ""hold action options"", no way to go about preparing ambushes or anything similar.  And the initiative is basically your team moves, then their team moves - which I can deal with - but I'd prefer a proper initiative order.I miss having actual attributes to work with, the mechanics are far too simple for my liking.  As noted above, I'd rather this play exactly like Dragonfall.  I was surprised at how much I enjoyed how Dragonfall plays.  Sure it kind of copied the new X-Com, but that was a decent game, too.Despite all this, I like the Shadowrun universe so I'm recommending the game.  Make sure you buy it on sale if you have doubts unless you want to help the Devs.  I bought in way before it was fully released because I believe the Dev. team are dedicated to making this a good game.  It's just got a heck of a long way to go.  And on that note they've been working hard and should take a day or two off to recharge before they keep hammering away.  There's only so much you can do when you're exhausted."
,Not Recommended,267750,20705784,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,LOL Computers,"Yes, I've barely played this for an hour but I feel that is more than long enough to realize that I won't like this game.  This probably because I dont' like MMO's in general but was hoping that because it's Shadowrun that maybe I would.Sadly this is implemented in such a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥way that I can't recommend this to anybody, Shadowrun fan or not."
76561198042312969,Recommended,267750,16769165,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mauvias,"First off it is Co-Op.  Not solo like the Shadowrun Dragonfall game.  With the first intro mission being Solo and the following 4 missions being 2 player Co-Op. Later it becomes 4 player Co-Op.These missions are only playable once for the host player with max money and Karma reward.  All other players in the mission get no money and 2-3 karma it seems. Everyone gets the items that are found though in the mission so money can be got for other players that way.The game is REALLY hard and is design as a story for you to play through once with your shadowrunner.  Your toon will then be able to go onto the next campaign set of missions when they are released.  In a simular way to what Payday 2 seems to operate.Currently the Boston Lockdown Campaign consists of 32 Missions. That is all the info I am going to give ( Dont want to spoil it for you ) other than if you play them all solo you will be having to hit the forums to find out the best NPC's to take.  If you play with friends you will have a good mix of skills with fellow shadowrunners whos skills will be growing as well as yours. Plus its more fun.Solo you will have to move not only your character but also all the npc you take. If you have to babysit an NPC, the host player controls them.It's not a fast paced game, more chess like.  Think XCom with friends being able to player the other squad members when this is played Co-Op.Cons -Personally I feel there could be more to explain the setting up of your equipment and your character, letting you know that you WILL NOT be able to skill up every tree you can see. Stuff like that to stop confusion.The netcode for the game is still a little twitchy if it is busy at the hub. This will no doubt be sorted.All in all I like what I see so from from this small company and I hope that it continues to produce missions and grows."
76561198048789421,Not Recommended,267750,33757157,Posted: 23 July,all,afterhotwater,"If you already know what Shadowrun is, get the Harebrained Schemes games, not this one."
76561198047582244,Recommended,267750,23742096,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,waller.c.brian,"Likes:  Ease of character creation.Dislikes:  Limited (if any) racial modifiers;  Riggers are neutered;  Deckers are neutered;  No Matrix interfacing;  No Astral interfacing;  Riggers are neutered;  Some weapons are maxed (pistols and blades), while others are nerf'd (Seriously, an LMG that does less dps than a heavy pistol?);  Riggers are neutered;  And, last but definitely not least, I need vehicles, not radio controlled toys.  Gimme a Stonewall, for fragsake!Now, I realize the game is still ""new""-ish, and all, but Devs, please...  I've been running the shadows for nearly thirty years, now, and I *need* you guys to open the Matrix, the Astral Planes, and give me *SOMETHING*, Hell, I'll take a rigged and armed Eurocar Westwind.  Just, please, get rid of the toy drones, and let us RIG."
76561198000646313,Recommended,267750,28145376,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jaggedjaw,"after the improvements they updated, the game is good, co-op is great to make it feel like a real run"
76561198020702021,Recommended,267750,15629138,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Shada Mori,"I've had extensive experience throughout the development of this game, having bought it the minute it showed up on steam and played throughout the early access/beta process. For me this is a very fun game to hop on and do a few runs with friends and then hop off again. Its very much a casual game.It catches the feel of classic turn based combat very well in my opinion. Yes, it does not have things like overwatch or take cover/hunker down. According to the developers at one point they claimed that was intentional, and in truth any X-Com player knows that overwatch in particular is very easy to exploit so its understandable.Its important to understand that though this is Shadowrun flavored and certainly catches the spirit of Shadowrun, that it is NOT Shadowrun ruleset. Things like skills and cyberware/essence are handled very differently in this game. Don't let that scare you though as the system they do use will still seam very familiar and it doesn't detract from the title for anyone but the most hardened Shadowrun purists.To me the thing that most lets the game down right now is the chat system. Its SUPER basic and lacks things like the ability to PM other players, ignore people, or even just switch it off. The group chat is fairly buggy and overall its something that in a social game I would hope is a priority for them to improve apon. I'd also like to see some kind of queue system for quick joining in runs which would only improve on the ""hop in and have a run"" feel the game projects.Another negative for me is the voice acting. The main characters voice (for females anyways) is HORRIBLE. The accent and the acting. I get that its supposed to be a game set in Boston so credits for trying with the heavy Boston accent but its horrible to listen to on a daily basis especially with a nasally tone to it. Another thing I don't like is the fact that the story voice over takes into no account your skills, so if for example you play a decker you still get voice over of your character moronically not knowing what a grid access point was.On a positive note I can't say enough about the character customization in this game. I loath to draw a parallel back to X-com but again it has that kind of depth of customization and honestly even shames many true ""MMOs"" in its ability to let you get your character looking unique and like you want it. Even this however is a bit let down to me by the limited number of character portraits so though you can make an amazing character sprite, the portrait for it will be cookie cutter and almost never match the character.Still as a launching point for a future series of modules and gameplay Shadowrun Chronicles is an excellent way to integrate multiplayer and the Shadowrun experience while maintaining a familiar style to the other Shadowun games and good turn based experience. I'd certainly recommend it to people, both fans of Shadowrun and people just looking for a casual, quick fun experience."
76561198027492886,Recommended,267750,15877292,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,wildstrike83,"Tactical Turn Based with online co-op.Hardly perfect, but Devs have been responsive to player feedback."
,Not Recommended,267750,20194866,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MMOJunkie,"well,i only played 42 minutes, that was all i could take, after playing the first 3 shadowrun titles i had high hopes for this,but...i just felt like i was playing x-com enemy unknown, it had lost that retro 2.5D feel i have come to know and love examples like fallout 1/2/tactics, syndicate,crusader etc etc , this game crushed all those expectations,i was left with such an utter feeling of dissapointment, it's not often i leave a bad review of a game, but this game really did make me consider buying rock simulator instead. at least i managed to get a refund :)"
,Recommended,267750,9696949,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,War Gamer,Loving this game!
,Recommended,267750,15918245,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Bullfinch,"Imagine you can play Left 4 Dead turn-based, Able to upgrade your character with more skills and weapons? That't what SC:BL is about. No usual MMORPG stuff like grinding, stupid repetitive quests: just raids in all its glorious beauty. Team up with 3 random dudes, and go for it! 1 quest if you feel hasten; 10 quests if you have your time! Each quest takes 15-20 minutes of your real time, so you can plane in advance.Co-op it the greatest feature of the game for me. I always liked co-op board games like Pandemic, Arkham Horror, Battlestar Galactica, Shadows Over Camelot etc. I don't know about PvP (which is yet to come), but Co-op is just great and that is exactly why you should buy the game. There is some content yet to come, but for me it is already a masterpiece."
76561197987277947,Recommended,267750,14816311,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Showsan,"This is a fun game and delivers fully on what is promised! Yes, this game is still in production, and yes still needs some polish and tweaking but there is SO much potential that I can't see why this won't be a hit... especially for fans of the Shadowrun franchise!"
,Recommended,267750,12241573,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,-=NIMH=-,lOVING IT! ITS IN EARLY STAGE BUT NONE THE LESS FANTASTIC! I CAN SEE WHERE THEY ARE GOING WITH THIS AND I CANT WAIT! LIGHT UM IF YA GOT UM!
76561198248144836,Recommended,267750,26136645,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Eira,The game is alright but it keeps disconnecting me and thats a bit irritating.
76561198032360091,Not Recommended,267750,24003332,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,salisbr,"Major disappointment, especially after playing other Shadowrun games.The one big positive is the customization options for your character's appearance. Yep, that's it. Everything else is terrible. So very disappointed that this is what was released after such a long wait. This could've been a great game, but instead it's a crappy WoW knockoff with about 1% of the content and only a slight resemblance to the Shadowrun ruleset. Don't waste your time with this one."
,Not Recommended,267750,19743306,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Washu,"The game is fun and it has potential.However I can't say that I'd recommend this game to someone. The balancing of the game nerfs the team cannot have rigger and other summoners on the same team, cannot deploy multiple riggers. Theres a lack of bad guys you fight most of them are simple gunners. Next is the lack of ability to revive a teammate, a teammate goes down and you have 5 turns to finish the mission and escape. This is not how shadowrunners work in the RPG a guy goes down you get the job done regarudless. There also seems to be a lack of ability to revive a someone after they go down. Medkits or the basic ability to heal you or yourteam mates have to be found and your limited to 2 of them per run. I'd rather a weight system, I can only carry two medkits but I have cybernetic limbs... which is silly. I think if they work on the balancing it could be a lot of fun. Yes 4 riggers could swarm a map, so put the ability to hack drones in so they loose the drones.. you swarm with 4 riggers and your going to be in a world of hurt."
76561198009711009,Not Recommended,267750,15653901,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,talkingguns03,"neat game but the fun of it hampered by the severe lag that everyone has experienced for all day for days. It is soooooooooooooooo much fkn fun issuing my guy a order and it taking 10 secs(on the low end) to 40 secs to respond due to lag. And thats just my guy....now add the 10-40 sec lag it takes to carry out commands to your three additional squadmates whose turns you have to wait on......it was bearable at first but now its just painful. Not like this game is ""next gen"" resource intensive lol. good game with great potential but your server lag is killing it and you cant see it..."
,Recommended,267750,22210041,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,navymonk89,I have yet to try it by myself but the co-op was smooth and it definitely got me to stay up later than I should have been to enjoy one more mission. Now if you will excuse me I need one more mission....
76561197980107365,Recommended,267750,20410565,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,SirHess,"It's a pretty fun game, picked it up on sale for $6 and the ability to play this games with friends make this definitely worth the money. After playing it for a bit I'd be tempted to spend $20 for it, but if you see it on sale then snatch it up."
76561198045887585,Recommended,267750,16644402,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,almighty_hood,"i have played this game for about 20 hours now and enjoyed it alot in that time so far :)i would recommend this game when on sale for sure!! as i got this in summer sale and can fault it so far.if you have played some of the other shadowrun games previously there are some differences with levelin up with karma, and a limit sort of to what you can do by your self. e.g. im a decker/rigger but can't use a gun if i use both boards. but this is not so bad tbh and fair..you dont have to have other players for missions either which is nice, you can control your whole team :D and gain max loot in the story. just have to take each kind of skill with you into the mission, i.e organ harvesting,hacking,demolishing etc.from my 20 hours of game play i would give this game an 9/10(review may change as time goes by)"
,Recommended,267750,21454988,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Firestone,"Heres a fresh review-Gameplay is excellent. If you like turn based strategy games like, Final Fantasy tactics, Xcom: ufo defense/terror from the deep, New Xcom ect.. You'll love this cyberpunk TBS game. Coop is fun, community isn't filled with trolls, and the devs are social. 10/10 Hard earned Fun. Great character progression and fun customization 10/10. Fun gameplay 10/10. Story is pretty good 10/10.Endgame economy and mission selection is still lacking - End Game 7/10 Still needs work (this is raised from my previous rating of 5/10 and the previous rating 2/10 prior to that). The mission repeatables DLC helps take the edge off, along with the new duel repeatable missions- but untill they make an endless flow of missions (!! like the ability to reset the campaign !!) when the campaign is over, well endgame is still needs work.Known Bugs-1. Actions are canceled by otherplayers actions- this causes miss clicks.(still a problem like having dash 3 selected somone moves and you click then he doesnt dash)2. Action Cam can stress you out turn it off.(still moves some times even when you have it deactivated- still a bug)Game Needs-1. (they did it) removed-2. More suitable Decker class- Decker should not be a caster- They value data, hardware, and software, really takes away from the shadowrun atmosphere with the way they are currently played. There should be a mini game atleast involved with the hacking, client based.3. A group builder system, currently begging for groups in chat is a bit- well 2001ish. An automated group fill system would be sweet with seach perameters like - story, infected, red, blue, repeatable, and any.4. Voip- Voice chat.5. A way to reset campaign on current runner. (would make me give this game 10/10 across the board.)Shadowrun Fan-ByU"
76561197998045801,Recommended,267750,16785953,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,emptyslot,At first i was not sure if i would like this. I love the tactics genre and it hits me in the right spot! The theme and style also works nicely. I played the early access part and it was fine though when starting the game again now after release i got pleasantly surprised and if you like cyberpunk and turnbased gameplay it is a good buy!
,Recommended,267750,15777828,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Hallucinogenic Skull,Fun♥♥♥♥♥♥yo
,Recommended,267750,16689999,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,GrizzlyGram328,"Fun with friends. If you like turn-based tactical RPGs and are a fan of the Shadowrun setting, you and some bros will have a good time. Missions are fun and challenging without being totally unforgiving. Wait for a sale and you'll be happy with a purchase.10/10 would be a sorcerer swordsman all over again."
76561198021667294,Recommended,267750,16685657,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,EveranIllesere,"i like this game .. the only hate i have is that the character creation system is mmm crap ...not like shadowrun returns ... their is no unarm combat .... their are no sniper weopons .... you couldn't buy any types of spells for the mage , KI & shaman class ... why in shadowrun chronicles you have set spells already their in the skill tree ... but shadowrun chronicales has about 60+ gaming hours ...why shadowrun return only really had 20 + ... YOU CAN JOIN UP IN GROUPS ... the players are awesome group of poeple i say 10 pounds are rite for this game .. ithink you will like it .... but if your looking for a more detail character creation system like shadowrun returns .. i think you will hate that side of shadowrun chroniclesi did enjoy experance"
76561198040811698,Recommended,267750,19376817,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Darkclaw3050,"It's certainly not the best Shadowrun, or the best squad-based tactics game. However, if you have played all the other good ones and don't expect much, it can still be an enjoyable game. There isn't much here other than the battles, but fortunately they are still fun enough to feel worth it, especially if you can get a good deal on the game. I recommend to fans of the genre if they have played through games like XCOM and Shadowrun/Dragonfall enough already.+Gameplay - combat-oriented turn-based squad tactics, simple and fun, quick to action+Main story and side missions to follow+Visuals - backgrounds / character models look good and are varied+Variety of customizable clothing/accessory/appearance options, changeable between missions+Voiceovers - even your own character is voiced-Story doesn't really draw you in, doesn't really 'feel' very Shadowrun in story or mechanics-Out of 4-5 characters on a mission, only your main char is created/customizable-Skills feel very limited, very few spell choices-No social skills / important dialogue choices-Several minor annoyances/glitches, very few in game options"
76561197982587426,Recommended,267750,16772856,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Gunslinger,"Having both xcom and shadowrun Dragonfall, i can say this game is a simplified mix of the two.unlike Dragonfall you can move your view around the one thing that game was lacking.I found the game to be enjoyable.If you like Xcom or Shadowrun I think you'll like this game."
76561197980526251,Recommended,267750,16901961,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,JonnyPistolShot,This is a multi-player Shadowrun with an almost MMO like hub for grouping with other players.  Games play out a lot like X-com but with CO-OP vs Enviroment rather than strictly adverserial.  I'm enjoying it very much so far.
76561197971825130,Recommended,267750,15786574,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Haapy,"I'm haapy with how this game turned out. It's different from the single-player shadowrun game. It feels like the devs are committed and I am quite enjoying the experience.Pros:- the campaign is nice and long- skill trees: while I wouldn't say no to more options, there are quite a few nodes and you can always take a few picks out of trees that are not your primary/secondary to pick up some goodies- good atmosphere - it feels shadowrunny- the game is mostly voiced- The launch was plagued with serious, debilitating lag. But the devs response to the lag was very good - communication on what they were doing, how their troubleshooting was going, and appoligies. The lag is now gone.Cons:- there aren't many differet types of gear, and what gear exists is pretty easy to get ahold of. I haven't had to wait on gear from a nuyen standpoint in a long time, I just have to wait for it to unlock in the shops and instantly buy it. I wish there were more gear and that you could see available before being able to afford it. Also, there are some extreme dry spells - I've gone a dozen missions in a stretch without having access to any new gear.- the voice acting is heavily-accented Bostonite. It is a seriously unpleasant accent (think hyper-aggressive baby talk). I get that the game takes place in Boston, but there's no reason to pick the most heavily-accented voices. I'd much rather be able to listen to the dialog without cringing. Also in the voice acting domain, there is a moaner in medical settings that is particularly irritating. You'll hear it - it's someone moaning like a fire engine siren. It's weird and off-putting.- the tooltips when choosing skills from the skill trees are pretty light on information. This makes it difficult to make an informed decision about which option to choose at branches. There is no karma reset, so once you make your choice, you don't get to go back and try the other option. This will be easier once the wikis start filling up with info.TL;DR: It's a solid game, with committed devs. If you're into Shadowrun, pick it up :o)"
,Recommended,267750,19243719,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,boogerjeremy,"Amazing game! Very fun, especially if you're looking for a co-op tactical game to play with some friends - something that is very hard to find. Loved the artwork and style - cool costumes. Abilities/leveling system could have been more interesting but were still pretty cool. Overall a great game and I'm looking forward to more!"
76561198034387750,Recommended,267750,21014999,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Findanniin,"I'm finding the game gets blasted with a lot of undeserved hate on these reviews. If you were looking for a 'true' MMO; you'll be sorely dissapointed.This game isn't, and I don't have the impression that it tries to be.It's more of a ... turn based Borderlands. Grab 3 friends and go to town.The plot is forgettable, and conversation between me and my friends tends to go something akin to 'Why are we trying to shoot fat orc lady again?' - 'I dunno, it's the ojective. Can you mark her so I can salvo, or should I take a potshot'? - 'I need to resummon a drone, but let the hacker mark if you need it!' aaaaand we're back off to gamespeek.It's pretty unique on the market in that sense, it's a co-op turn based game that you can play with 4 people; but will have no problem playing with just 2 or 3 thanks to the henchman system.Don't expect a full fledged MMO going in, grab a few friends who share your love for turn-based and go to town, you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,267750,16738138,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Klarum,The game is less complex than the other 2 recent Shadowrun games but very similar. The campaign story is interesting and the fights are challeging if you play with npcs.I would not recommend doing missions with high lvl players in your team as it makes them trivial and you will not have fun. I found that playing the campaign with npcs gave me a more enjoyable challenge.Use the online co-op for end game challenges or if you are stuck in a mission.
,Recommended,267750,17815601,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,UneasyBoosh,"Pros:- Solid co-op x-com combat (the only place I have found that strategy system in a co-op environment).- Solid graphics (although not ground breaking some of the maps are just amazing, better than x-com, and the detail such as exploding windows in such is nice.)- BEST community! ( only have about 17hrs at the time of writing this but EVERYONE I have run into in game has been nice and helpful. Alot even rollplay in chat during games, which adds to the environment).- Shadowrun co-opCons:- Its all about the combat (nothing else really takes place in this game, no side hacking like in other shadowrun titles. No talking your way out of situations like in the Hairbrain games, every mission is kick drek and take names. Possible a Pro for some people but I have noticed alot of complaining in forums about its lack of deversity).- map variety (although as stated the map are amazing, having not completed the campaign I am already seeing repeated maps in storymode).- Chat system is lacking (for a multiplayer game that requires grouping you can't whisper/tell people or even those on your friend list!)- Singleplayer lacking (you have the ability to play the story singleplayer and multiplayer but the companions for singleplayer are lacking compared to other players making it difficult to solo and forcing people to play multiplayer).Overall it doesn't follow Shadowrun PnP to much and it isn't one of the Hairbraine games so I think alot of people got down on it. However it is a great multiplayer x-com style co-op game that I am now sure I will be getting my return on in fun."
76561198000569309,Recommended,267750,17886733,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Ghost1,"If you like X-Com. If you like Shadowrun Returns combat. Get this.Graphics are not top of the line, but once you move past that it works.The missions are consistently challenging.It's not perfect, there are many things that can be upgraded, like leveling up system, runner selection, etc. Never the less.It's addicting, Getting my money's worth. Nuff said."
,Recommended,267750,15936119,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,erickpasta,"They updated it a lot since I tried the early one a while ago. This is a solid experience. The co-op is pretty fun too. Not sure there are many games that offer this kind of multiplayer experience.Buy it when it's on sale, run through it for a few hours and tell your friends if you think they like it. Good stuff."
,Recommended,267750,16837435,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Toasted Sandvich Maker,"A fun co-op, turnbased, tactical shooter in the Shadowrun universe.I'd definitely recommend this game as something fun to do with your friends.  You can also play with strangers or single player, but the co-op is really what makes this game."
76561198034107538,Recommended,267750,17615979,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Jerry Finch,"Having put a fair bit of time into the game on multiple characters, I've seen a few of the ups and downs SRC has had to handle and to be frank?  For what it is, it's a good game.  Now, I'd like to preface that with the statement that I've been following this game since it was announced some years ago, back when it was still called Shadowrun Online, when all the game really had to offer were a handful of unpolished missions and character options.  That said, it has come leaps and bounds in what can honestly be called a particularly ambitious project for a small studio like Cliffhanger, and you know what, I think they did a pretty good job all things considered.Admittedly, they have had some stumbling blocks, from early launch lag issues to missing or broken items and even in some cases surprise gamebreaking bugs, but through all that their Dev team was very responsive to the community's questions and concerns and tried to maintain as much transparency as they could concerning their efforts to fix said issues.  Even after the fact, they tried to make reparations to to the community as a whole as an apology for the trouble, which, in my opinion, speaks very highly of Cliffhanger as a whole.That said, and onto the game itself, its a hex grid, turn based isometric centered in the Shadowrun universe following the adventures of your shadowrunner through (for the sake of being spoiler-free) the events of what could be called the Boston Incident.The story itself is creative and unique, and well written besides, with tolerable voice acting where it applies (though the Boston accent can get tiresome during subsequent playthroughs) and does stay loyal to the Shadowrun source material.  That said, and I can't emphasize this enough, the game is not a point-for-point match to the PnP source.  Certain liberties have been taken in regards to the game being both online and, well, being a game.  Certain facets in the PnP source are unfortunately absent, in as far as customization goes, and as of right now most missions center around a run-and-gun playstyle (meaning that no, there isn't a stealth option).  That said, what it delivers, it delivers very well in that the combat is well-polished, balanced, and fun, and the downtime inbetween missions does offer a lot of chance for backstory, worldbuilding, and customization.Bear in mind, what I said about the game lacking certain aspects of customization doesn't mean that the game lacks in customization at all.  In fact, it offers a wide array of options, both practical and cosmetic, both at creation and that which can be earned through gameplay.  This includes items that can be used in missions, weapons, armor, various types of cybernetics and spells, and a wide array of skills and abilities.  It opens up a lot of tactical options and allows players to approach objectives from several angles, which, in some cases, is absolutely vital towards the success of any given mission.Difficulty can vary from build to build, and while there's no expressly ""right"" way to play, there is a certain limitation to the number of playstyles you can use.  That said, there are a lot of variations, so the limits to what you can do are pretty broadly defined.The interface is fine for the format.  There aren't any outstanding bugs or issues at this iteration of the game and for the most part, it's very intuitive and easy to master.  Gameplay is in tradition turn-based format, and despite the game being online, it can be played in both single and multiplayer, both of which offer their own share of advantages and disadvantages.  That said, while the game is beatable in purely solo play, it is *significantly* harder to finish the content.  Harder, but not impossible.Ultimately it delivers what it promised.  I bought the delux edition when it came out and you know what?  As far as games go, I got my money's worth.  It had it's ups and downs, and while I really don't think the Early Access reviews give the game a fair shake at what it is now, compared to what it was, they do have offer a good look into what the game was like during developement.  Is it worth 30$?  I think so.  I go my money's worth, which is a lot more than I can say for a lot of AAA titles in the last few years.  Better for it that you don't really need a background in the Shadowrun universe in order to enjoy the content for what it is.So for me at least, I give the game a solid 4 out of 5 and with it my recommendation."
,Recommended,267750,20583650,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kodyd194,"I am really enjoying Shadowrun Chronicles. It takes the standard Shadowrun series gameplay (SR Returns, DragonFall, Hong Kong etc.) and simplifies it down, then makes it multiplayer. I would really go as far as to say, while being one of the most simple Shadowrun games mechanic wise I feel like the addition of multiplayer and extra character customization with the large amount of player cosmetic options really goes a long way all on its own. Even if you are not really interested in playing cooperatively with other players on your shadowrun team, you can still play through the missions with a team of AI shadow runners of your choice.To go into more details about how skills work in Shadowrun chronicles, each weapon type has its own skill ""helix"" Two separate paths that you make choices from, each level unlocking a skill from either the top or bottom path. There are no ""classes"" in Chronicles, but your skills are determined by your weapon choices. Each skill set is different, as an example guns are broken down into types, pistol, assault rifle, shotgun etc. while magic, summoning, rigging, and decking are all on separate trees. There are also Paths for Mind/Body that deal with passive abilities that can benefit any weapon choice/ play style.Most player interaction takes place in a hub area in downtown Boston, where in between missions you will meet other shadowrunners, stock up on supplies, sell and buy new gear, pick up side missions or simply change your wardrobe. There is not a whole lot to it other than that, The campaign Boston Lockdown also is centered around the characters you meet here, and as you progress the main plot the hub world changes a little at a time. Story wise I have been entertained well and am enjoying the plot, even if it feels a little shallow and lacks player choice almost completely. There is a strong feeling of mystery around the events that unfold during the main plot and I cant wait to play more.Overall I recommend Shadowrun Chronicles to any fans looking for another Shadowrun game to play, or to anyone looking for an Isometric RPG they can play Co-op."
76561198057313386,Not Recommended,267750,16421415,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,woodyrtw,"very shallow, short runs, no depth to the gameplay, not overly impressed with the game mechanics.  The story is not bad but the game overall just does not rate, for all the time they spent developing it, it fall way short of expectations."
76561198354792910,Not Recommended,267750,28810576,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,andersingram,"A really bad game. Clunky, heavily combat based and without the awesome writing, characters, and story which made the previous hairbrained games so much fun..."
76561198048437830,Not Recommended,267750,34784700,Posted: 6 September,all,jeremymkay,"So much worse than Shadowrun Returns - completely lacking in depth or character. Much more limited tech tree, plot, character development, etc."
,Not Recommended,267750,17012724,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Gyrolin,"The game is unfinished as of this review 7/12/15. I'm sure they think it is finished and will release DLCs for future updates.If you think it would be fun to play a game like the SR Returns/Dragonfall series in multiplayer, this seems fairly appealing. The trouble is that everyone you will play with will be max level and trying to farm more skillpoints. Then when the story does end you're left to do the same. There is no true decking subgame. There are no custom missions or procedurally generated content, so the maps can get old pretty quick after you finish the story. Anything past the main story is very grindy and unrewarding.Sadly, I cannot recommend this as more than a $5 sale purchase, even then, only if you love shadowrun and want to play something that will feel like a grindfest. 3/10"
,Recommended,267750,15597469,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,stonegargoyle13,"It could use some sort of LFG, but the game play is grate. The last few updates have cleaned up the game play. I hope to see more added, but I am having a blast playing the game."
76561197998172729,Recommended,267750,17284734,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Ryvaken Tadrya,"This isn't a game you pick up to play with random other people, meet new friends, blah blah blah. This is a game you pick up, along with friends you already have, and have a blast with.And when you do that, this is an AWESOME game."
76561198055991107,Recommended,267750,14710700,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,HotRod,"Current build is a mission grind, has no working skills, and of the tools, only grenades work.  Previous build had working tools, rewards for skills (& they worked), etc... No reason given for the removal of all rewards but a fixed 6 Karma for completing a mission.   Skill trees make no sense like needing ""Organ harvesting 3"" (costing 64 Karma) to get your Summon Bear Spirit for 81 Karma at end of summoning tree (That ""organ harvesting"" doesn't work is just rude).Development is slow, and took a step backward this month, still hoping it becomes a fully playable game someday."
,Recommended,267750,14297653,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,YPChase,"If you like shadowrun, then you already own this; if not, buy shadowrun returns then decide on this..."
76561197978131107,Recommended,267750,15688803,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Superbeef,"A heartwarming coming-of-age adventure as timeless as the world itself. Stars a young woman of color growing up on the unforgiving stage of the Boston underground and who against all odds, succeeds with the unlikely support of her scrappy band of streetwise friends. Lead protagonist Fantasia Dinklemore takes you inside her world, one which will charm your imagination and reawaken the young soul in your heart once again.It is whispered, among people of class and influence, that Fred ""fishfingers"" Manstachio wept with joy when this title was revealed to a shocked and surprised audience at the 2015 E3 pet expo & RV showcase."
76561198077887320,Recommended,267750,16879683,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Zairwyn,"This is a good game.  The people complaining it's not strategic enough either have not played very far, or want it to be an exact clone of X-Com.  Although there's no overwatch button that you're forced to press about 1000 times per mission, it has it's own mechanics that make it interesting.  The game's storyline is not going to win any awards, but by the end I did want to know what would happen.  You can also click past all the dialogue if you choose to.Shadowrun fans will be surprised to learn that Decking now does damage in the meat space.  However, after some thought, this makes sense both for gameplay and for lore purposes.  Throughout the game, the story seems to assume that datajacks now wireless and that every metahuman has one, two assumptions that would have been far-fetched in 1980s, but are obvious to today's cell phone culture.  Since wireless networks are inherently capable of peer-to-peer connections, I think it's actually logical that IC damage could happen even without connecting to the (server-based) matrix.  Of course, from a gameplay perspective, standing around while the team's decker entered the matrix would be pretty boring, so the changes are also necessary to make Shadowrun multiplayer.For those who prefer single player experience: My Rifle/Decker character was able to complete the entire main story and all side missions with no grouping; only the post-game challenge mission requires grouping.  Some missions were a little tough, so there are probably some character builds that would require grouping for the main game.For first time players: You will have enough experience points, money, and weapon slots to choose two of the main damage ability trees: Shotguns, Handguns, Automatics, Blades, Blunt, Spellcasting, Summoning, Decking (Hacking), or Rigging (using robotic drones).  For those learning the game, I recommend you choose Automatics or Shotguns for one of your two skills, and whatever you want for the second.  You could also pair Hacking with Spellcasting or Summoning, or Rigging with Spellcasting.  Don't pick both melee skills, both magic skills, or both minion skills (Rigging and Summoning), at least until you know what you're doing."
76561198042644742,Recommended,267750,18604415,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,dugankowal1,"Very enjoyable, very different rule set from the previous edition, but the game was overall pretty good.  8/10"
76561198032357150,Not Recommended,267750,15819514,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,dcarey9203,What a terrible waste of cash. Do not waste your money on this if you like a game with any kind of story. I'm not running the shadows I'm just moving a bad mechanics combat puppet with a slightly Shadowrun theme.
76561198009213858,Recommended,267750,16867028,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Deodand,"Overall, great game. I picked this up during the Steam summer sale and have highly enjoyed it. I'm a fan of turn-based RPGs in general and this has been a fun addition. A few details:Character: I've tried a trio of characters at this point. It's a classless system, and different builds allow for a nice selection of playstyles.Missions: Good variety and a fun overall storyline. I enjoyed my full, single-player run of the campaign.Multiplayer: The community is very open and willing to teach, and I've never had trouble finding pick-up missions.Here's to hoping the game receives future expansions - I'd love to play them."
76561198013725866,Recommended,267750,18600052,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Khaliber,"Solid Shadowrun experience especially with co-op friends, quality storyline. Only real issues are personal and basically cosmetic in nature. Overall I'd rate the game somewhere between a 7 and 8 out of 10, I've played in this verse' for over two decades both tabletop and virtual and have enjoyed the effort put into this version. If you need an SR fix. this is definately a good way to get it.Would like to see...More character portrait options, including a generic ""shadowed"" portrait for each race/genderImproved character screen with stat adjustments from warez/character generationImproved chat window with opacity settings/customizable screen locationSome form of Overwatch"
,Recommended,267750,18776513,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,sagate0525,fun game would reccomend to others
,Recommended,267750,18538432,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Tortiss,Solid game if you have a few friends to play with. I'd imagine playing it solo would be a pretty tedious experience.meh/10
,Recommended,267750,16987535,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Hellios,"While originally skeptic, I am quite impressed with this game. Replay value is incredible due to variety of possible character combinations. Add the multiplayer done right to an already good game and you have a great one.I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoyed any of the X-Com/UFO games."
,Recommended,267750,17047934,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,redd.ddexter,If you are a fan of easy to play and addictive games this is one for you. If like me you a fan of RPGs with a good story. This one is for you. If you like the tabletop pencil and paper Shadowrun. Then again I say this one is for you. This is a very fun game. And after all isn't fun why we buy em?
76561198017962828,Recommended,267750,16950785,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,TheEssentials,"Love this game. If you love turn based Combat and CO-OP and a really genuine community, buy this game NOW!The ppl are amazing and so is the gameplay!"
76561197962169772,Recommended,267750,21959207,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,CreepyDragon,This game is great for those that love Shadowrun.
76561198066336131,Not Recommended,267750,15642083,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,randum_user001,"I would like to give this game aton of praise, I logged on late last night and it played spectacularly! Tons of fun, unfortunely when more than a handful of people log in the deidacted servers have a stroke, it takes between 5-20 seconds for reaction to commands and thats only IF you can log in.As i said i truly enjoyed the game, if they can make it actually work i will change my review without a second thought. As for now I would not recommend anyone buying this game."
,Recommended,267750,15652512,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,MayDay (Misjah),"Being able to play a Shadowrun with friends and new friends is absolutely amazing.I thoroughly like the skill options you make while leveling your character and the difference in classes from the other games are welcome.The graphics and engine is awesome, BUT the start of the game might seem a little clean and boring, it get's more dark and gritty as the story unfolds!Shadowrun Chronicles will be a great platform to expand on with future DLC's, even though i didn't even finish it yet, i can't wait to see how far they take it.Edit: I finished the game, i got well worth my money for sure, side missions were mostly re-used main story maps with different themes and stories, i think they did a good job as side missions, the story of the side missions follow the main story line.I am looking thoroughly forward to the PvP and endgame content they are working on, should be a fine addition ""along with some class fixes"" to this game!I almost wish the game was built like Diablo3, so i could grind it for a long time and keep improving my character!I am still not maxed yet, by my 10/10/8/8 character is already powerful enough, i still have all the other weapons with their passives to unlock."
,Recommended,267750,15658969,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,MrWyzurd,"I really enjoy this game.  It's pretty much what I wanted, which is a co-op Shadowrun Returns.  Unfortunately it's missing some things like overwatch (which it really needs) and the mage skill tree is a bit bland.  But overall, it's a fun romp with a friend and plays like a coop X-Com lite.It might not be worth $30 (or $40 at full price) to most people, especially not solo players.  For me, I wanted to support the devs to add more features to this game, and continue a truly multiplayer shadowrun."
76561198053333278,Recommended,267750,16730810,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Awesome Famouse Dad,"Great game. At first the turn play was off. Like I do not like how shotting ends your turn, still kind of don't. But as the game progresses, you can get haste and other skills that give you and extra turn. The progression allows for the strategy to become more complex and requires more planning and actually getting better at using your teams skills together."
76561198065863644,Recommended,267750,16777645,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,djAsynchronous,"Cyberpunk Fun, but please let me carry my katana, and pistol at the same time as a deck and necklace(and the glowy necklace should go around the players neck). I can carry a sword and a gun while wearing a fancy watch and necklace, why cant my big bad game dude?But apart from not being able to carry stuff around, cut sceens just show walls half the time, and the fact that some vendors have no voice, and players dont move until you pick someone else sometimes, It is still good. I just like the world because its the only game you get to hack and shoot fireballs with your friends(none of my friends have this yet)everything looks great, the music is good, even with its problems I say Shadowrun Chronicles is theBest Hacking/fireball shooting chess game around"
76561198052466688,Recommended,267750,16759638,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Tallin,I am having a lot of fun with this game.  I own every novel ever written for the Shadowrun universe so I find the concept appealing.  The game is a lot of fun to play but does need a bit of polish.  It has amazing potential that I hope will be realized with time.
76561198008992070,Recommended,267750,15828760,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,ThatGuyMontag,"I'm an unrepentant fan of the Shadowun setting. This meant that I ended up buying Chronicles sight-unseen on the back of my slightly hasty enthusiasm.The lag should have ended that enthusiasm and in a way it did... except somehow the strength of the core tactical game kept dragging me back for ""one more run"". The story is servicable, and the world-building slightly showing its seams, but the game underneath has sold me. If Cliffhanger make good on their post-launch content plans I'm pretty confident this is one I'll be regularly dipping back into for a good while yet as a fun bit of tactical filler."
76561198015609923,Recommended,267750,16772329,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,FuriousGeorge,I'm enjoying it and I like they way it looks but I have to admit I like the other Shadowrun titles better for gameplay. I'm disapointed in how the game handles Decking and character development. If there was a way to have these graphics and camera controls in Dragonfall and the upcoming Hong Kong or to bring the character development rules from those games to this one it would be shiny.
,Recommended,267750,16869997,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gravelstein,"A great game, especially with friends.Although it does lack the depth and features of Shadowrun Returns/Dragonfall/Hong Kong, they are still adding features, albeit at a slow pace (due to legal issues over at Cliffhanger Games).I recommend this game, though, even with the flaws and shaky uncertainty of the state of the company at this time.  One glimmer of light was the July 1 letter/update that announced continued work on the game, a new patch (with features) to be released in a couple weeks, and a new addon planned for later in the fall.So, pick it up and give it a try, chummer.  Come join and geek some fraggers. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do."
76561198019136006,Recommended,267750,17059628,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,tigurius,Fun game .More expenshanes needet but it`s fun :)
76561198056944253,Not Recommended,267750,26093005,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,"Ad victoriam, bratán","Ok, so I buy this game while it was in Early Access; played it a few days, took a break from it and then came back. Nothing new, nothing inspiring and nothing to keep me playing it once I beat the initial campaign. Yes there are new weapons, cybergear, etc, but one thing I abhor in a game I've bought is the massive amount of grind time that's required in order to attain higher level stuff. I don't mind it on F2P MMOs, cause that is essentially the nature of those games. This one, however, I paid money to get. Forget that. Not happening. Oh and the DLC: the DLC costs so much more that the game itself. I'm a little bit new to the Shadowrun Franchise. Dragonfall was my first game of the series I bought, then DMS, and then Hong Kong, so I'm not too familiar with the player base nor their affinity towards the franschise itself. However, as a newcomer to the franchise I really believe that this game is one that can be totally bypassed and ignored by other newcomers to the series. This game is nothing like those games and you are better off playing anything else. Literally, anything else: whether it be an online game or single-player game. Just avoid this one."
76561198067829392,Recommended,267750,15984664,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,akoeh01,Ive always loved turn based combat and the ability to play with my chummers is much apperciated! thanks for all the hard work getting the game running smoothly
76561198011451349,Recommended,267750,17479033,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Havok006,"Very fun game. If you enjoy Shadowrun and want to play it with your friends, I totally recommend it."
76561197961875012,Recommended,267750,18039043,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,|bLK*| Killian,"Love it, cant wait to see what they have in store for future content, really impressed with how much they got done so far with a small team and small timeframe. Not sure what to think of the bad reviews from people that spent under an hour on the game complaining of lag and such... they had some server issues during early development and awareded players with exclusive mage-usable 0 essence cyberware. Since then, I havent lagged a bit and cant get enough. Keep up the good work guys!"
,Not Recommended,267750,18954124,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,willemvanhulle,Im using the Ubuntu version. I cant even start my first mission because there is a bug in the map that shows up when I want to take a cab.
,Recommended,267750,16931805,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Phloom,Well worth the investment
76561198095296959,Recommended,267750,32156950,Posted: 3 June,all,mchaplo83,"The co-op experience is great if you have a friend or two to play with, but unfortunately the game pales in comparison to Shadowrun Returns.  If it were a co-op version of that game, I'd say 10/10.  As it stands: 5/10.  This game simply did not live up to its promises, and is now abandoned.  Worth paying $5 if you can get it on sale, though."
76561198014598342,Not Recommended,267750,24341801,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,thryllth,"Having enjoyed the other Shadowrun games I got this expecting more of the same.  I was dissapointed to say the least.  When you spend more time picking out your characters underpants than their skills something is wrong.  You have two ""Statistics"" both of which offer bland variations of combat upgrades and one or two skills that access locked off rooms in a map.  Melee you pick Blades or Blunt, but don't worry they are effectively identical with the only real difference being a bonus against a particular enemy type towards the end of the line.  Yes, line as skills are simply there to give you abilities that use that item.  You have basic proficiency in every skill from the start and the only real gain from putting points into a skill is a shorter cooldown on some abilities.  Ranged you have the greatest variety of options with a whole THREE skills to pick from Pistols, Shotguns, or Automatics.  Magic is reduced to only two options as well with one featuring different ways to summon the same critter and the other containing both direct damage spells in the game.  Tech based skills get the same gutting as everything else with deckers being possibly the furthest deviation from archetype I have ever seen in a game.  Deckers do not jack in or access the Matrix, instead they have been reduced to crippled mages.  Supernatural enemies are immune to tech damage so there is an entire third of them who you cannot effect and you have only a direct damage ability and an aoe with a medium cooldown.  The mission hub is tiny and could have been completely replaced with a post mission debriefing screen where you decide if you want to buy one of the two upgrades you have for your items and then pushes you on to the next mission.  Instead you have a different vendor for weapons, armor, magic and tech and each has between two and nine items total since there are only three variations of any particular weapon and only two options for armor.  Cyberware? nope none for sale.  All in all if you want a bland easy turn based non tactical blast em up to play with a buddy buy this crap on sale, or better yet buy a couple nerf guns and an egg timer you will have more fun."
76561198069235108,Recommended,267750,19649690,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Valber,"If you liked Shadowrun Returns, you'll like this game a lot."
,Recommended,267750,20061654,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,YourFatherDad,i just really wana play the new xcom but i guess this works for 6$
76561198052262041,Recommended,267750,19405075,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,LateNightCynic,Great Co-op game.Simple Level up but still lets you make your character just the way you want them to be.:-)
76561198017561364,Recommended,267750,20340850,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[SCZ]Celestrian,"pretty good shadowrun game. much closer to xcom than the other 3 shadowrun games. still lots of shadowtalk. i dig it.also ~40$ worth of pdf (boston lockdown campaign + corerulebook) when buying the deluxe rpg package.~10-15h on the main campaign. nice story. lots of background stuff. overall too easy but excellent experience when talking to all the npcs, reading logs, etc..~4-6h (i guess) infected campaign. that´s not how u heal CFS... or is it?! nah it´s not. still the overalldifficulty is very enjoyable. here´s where the game tells u that u skilled wrong/didnt bring friends.missions: ok-ish. not enough but since they come in 2 difficulties, u can sink some hours intothem if u enjoy the overall gameplay.protip: pistols are OP as f*ck, just dont use em till u´re almost maxed out on pistol skill. all about crit."
76561198037540937,Recommended,267750,15647317,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ShadowFall,"*Update 5/3*The studio has posted a verbose explanation of why there is the lag issue. They appoligized for the distruption and are trying to make it right. In light of the honestly and dedication of their team I am changing my reccomendation (from negtive to positive).I would like to mention that I do not mind beta testing games and have done so several times. If you the feeling of your game in beta then you may want to wait a bit._______________________________________________________________________________Too much lag to play right now.I picked this up to play with my partner, but the lag made it extremely frustrating to go through the first level. I was a little skeptical of the reviews for the lag, but it really makes the game frustrating.I am optimistic that they will fix the lag issue, so when they do I will revisit my review."
,Recommended,267750,19336687,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Marquise,Turn based co-op awesomeness!
,Not Recommended,267750,15450482,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ookami007,"Early Access ReviewSo, imagine a game that's NOT shadowrun.  In any shape or form.  It's a combat only game with no spell variation for mages, no real spells for summoners and NO MATRIX.  Now, take this turn based combat only game and put a drekkin fragtard shadowrun candy shell on it... and that's what you have.If that's all you want... then wiz... this game is for you.  If you want ACTUALLY Shadowrun, then you're drek outta luck - just geek this game now and wait for Shadowrun Hong Kong, because this is NOTHING like shadowrun, other than combat only.To give you an example, deckers cannot deck into ANYTHING and ""hacking"" is a skill anyone can take on the MIND tree... not even on the hacking tree.  If you're a decker, you're basically a ""techno-mage"" with tech based ""spells"" that somehow affect metahumans and tech enemies (robots, drones, etc) but not animals.  If you're a mage, it's just the opposite... you have like 5 spells total... manabolt, manaball, shield, haste and mana surge.  That's it... those are the only spells you will ever cast. And most of them won't affect tech enemies.  And if you get a upgraded spell too early, you may not have enough magical endurance to cast it.As for traditional weapon based skills... you have a whole skill tree for each weapon type (auto, pistol, etc.) You get a massive clip size of 2 or 4 depending on your weapon type, so plan to reload every other turn or so.  Not only that, but the game controls when you can get upgraded guns.Cyberware is EXTREMELY limited, pretty much just making it combat oriented only - with essence cost being an underplayed afterthought.This is a turn based combat only game with a shadowrun wrapper.  But there's nothing Shadowrun under the hood.  As long as you want the ""idea"" of shadowrun and not Shadowrun itself, you should like the game.Edit - Now that it is out, I have only one word to describe it - LAG.  The game is so laggy that you can literally wait 10 minutes to complete one turn, then another 5 minutes for the enemies to move. It's unplayable for all but the most dedicated fanboi's.  No communication about changes, patches, etc.  10 minute notices for server reboots, which fix the lag issue for about 15 minutes.It's terrible and inexcusable.  There wasn't a single STRESS TEST during the entire beta/early release time."
76561198051961755,Not Recommended,267750,11299116,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,nitzoplax,"I want my money back. Never have I been so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about a Steam purchase since it's begining. I spent over $54 on a static load screen. This game does not work even after trying all the aditional tweeks mentioned in the support area. I am not convinced that this is not a crimnal scam. Do not waste your money on this ""game"". You will have a better online experiance reading pdfs of the pen and paper game at least those you can imagine being fun. I will be pursueing reimbursment and I recomend that Steam launch an investigation into the publishers. It's to bad really I had high hopes for this game even though the seeded reviews were only luke warm. It is hard to expess how frustrating it can be to see a ""game"" fail to live up to even the worst reviews."
76561198012501724,Not Recommended,267750,15643449,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,karl,"actually this game is really really bad! bad connexion , laggy buggy... now its impossible to play, impossible to change mission because infinite loading...dont take this game actually"
76561198023507159,Not Recommended,267750,9959706,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,the.grognard,"I backed this game early to try and help the development of a Shadowrun game. The results have been disappointing.It doesn't have much Shadowrun in it, the tactical mechanics are simplistic and uninspired, and the campaign mission tree is extremely unoriginal and  grindy.   Playing this version of Shadowrun gives me no sense what-so-ever of playing the PnP game or the MUCH better Hairbrain Studio games.  It's a weird mix of componets from other tactical game systems without a sense of how to put the parts together.  If xCom and ""Jagged Alliance Online"" got together...this would be their r3tard3d baby."
,Not Recommended,267750,15647711,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Arkterus,"I really, really like waiting upwards of 30 seconds for my character to do their assigned action.  Then another 45 seconds for the enemies to take their turn.  Really engaging, groundbreaking, a new way to play games.So what was this game's budget spent on again?"
76561198059641737,Not Recommended,267750,16442392,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sevrin,"The dialogue is about as cheesey as it gets. Painfully so. I like shadowrun because it's gritty, but with dialogue and fake boston accents this corny it really takes you out of the game.So far every mission I've played has been nothing but a choo choo train. Toot toot all aboard the one directional missions with almost no extra or side content!The starting area, I assume there's more later, is severely lacking in items. There's only the ♥♥♥♥♥iest cyberware available, not a big selection in weapons and there doesn't seem to be ANY armor."
76561198194193481,Not Recommended,267750,15642022,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,scott.marley,"I'm sure it's a great game if I could get on a server and actually play. When I do get on, its painfully slow. After each mission I am kicked off. Maybe they can take my $29.99 and pay sopmeone to actually finish the game."
,Not Recommended,267750,15646879,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,indea,"I find this game frustrating and it has promise. However you have to be online to play and put up with chat bars and lags ruining your gameplay. I wasn't aware of this until I brought the game, not impressed. It needs an offline option. I probably won't play until it does, there goes $30. :("
76561198027093485,Not Recommended,267750,15640525,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Black Jesus,"This game is a big waste of money, Don't buy it until the lagg issues are gone. Stop releasing a game with garbage equipment."
76561198066454387,Recommended,267750,18645986,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,lancerblue,"To sum it up, this is a fun online turn based strategy game set in the shadowrun universe that you can play with your friends and aquiantences. Is it perfect? nah... but what really is in this day in age.  This game really scratched my XCOM itch with the strategy being a shade lighter although the expansion deepens this up quite a bit.  I would recommend this to any avid fan of shadowrun (especially if you want to experience a fun boston based story) or to anyone who enjoys squad focused turn based strategy.Pros:-Interesting Story-Solid Gameplay-Online play with friends-Nice voiceacting (this is debated but imo a pro)-Enjoyable soundtrackCons:-Lackluskluster hub area-gets the job done but could have been more-Cameral angles in my opion can be pretty rough, often times staring at a wall or ground while the action is happening-Depending on hours of play can be tough to find a group of players although expansion has brought the population up quite a bit"
76561198063392142,Recommended,267750,18654484,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Raki124,"I was talked into buying this by my sister and her boyfriend. I wasn't really convinced at first, but when we started playing, it was actually great fun. We were usually playing together, so I can't tell how easy it is to build a group without knowing players IRL. But with a group leveling up together, it's a neat teamplay experience. Also, it's a game you can play together with your nongamer girlfriend, since you don't have to be a APM genius to play this game, as it's turnbased, and still face a decent challenge.Positive:*) Interesting Skill System*) Diverse Teams pay off, covering each others weaknesses*) Quick Gameplay, one mission usually takes only 20 minutes or something.*) Challenging Gameplay: After the first few Intro missions, you quickly discover that charging in just gets you killed. The game rewards a commando-like gameplay, which I liked.*) Interesting plot. The scale might be a little TOO grand, but maybe that's just me.*) Very interesting characters. I really liked the dialogues, and I also have to really praise the voice actors at this point.*) Going through the campaign once with my friends took me about 30 hrs, although we played a few missions twice when someone had to catch up. I think that's alright for a game that costs 20 bucks.Negative:*) The last few missions were too easy. You got a lot of fancy new skills and equipment, while the enemies didn't get stronger by an appropiate amount. (Thankfully, at least the very last mission was pretty hard again, and a good temporary end for the campaign.)*) The Chat Window is really weird. If you close it, you can't chat with your teammates (and you can't open it with ENTER, just with the mouse). If you leave it open, it stops you from clicking on a considerable part of the screen.*) If you happen to change to a different skill right as one of your teammates does something, the active skill will reset back. Which, when you don't notice it, is extremely annoying and often dangerous. (e.g. you're on a melee skill and wanted to switch to a ranged one, fail to notice it resetting back to melee, and suddenly you charge into a group of enemies.)Generally, I learned to live with the above problems. Sometimes they even made for some very fun moments you could laugh about afterwards. Still think they could improve that, though.TLDR:Surprisingly fun game. Playing it with your friends is awesome. It's a bit like a good action movie."
76561198030681948,Not Recommended,267750,25313262,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,david3907,"This game is a about as disappointing as it gets. Graphics are cartoonish, game play mediocre.Played and liked other games in series but this one is junk."
76561198026104615,Recommended,267750,15645026,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,shiftygemini,"After failing to complete every mission in game due to lag time between 5-15 minutes PER move, I was thankfully forced out of current game due to a ""server reset"" announced 2 minutes beforehand. After failing to play several hours due to continuous server restarts and 500+ mb patch after 500+ patch, I was finally able to take out my frustration on more lag!Gritting my teeth and playing through the lag I finally got to the end of a 15 minute mission after 90 minutes of laggy game play. As I go in to finish my mission I was crashed to desktop by ANOTHER server restart announced hastily 60 seconds beforehand.10/10 would recommend to all sadomasochists on Steam!!"
76561198043408015,Not Recommended,267750,15752372,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,wizard1200,"The progress of Shadowrun Chronicles during the early access was great and it could be an amazing game with an interesting character development and challenging turn based combat, but Cliffhanger Productions released the game too early. This results in unbalanced skill trees and unpolished content."
,Recommended,267750,15638710,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ipapotihus,"Ok right now the game is plague with terrible lag, but even with that I'm enjoying this game.  I mostly play solo.Near enough dragon fall to be a shadowrun game. Use a combat system more inspired from Xcom ennemy within.No playable matrix (at least didn't encounter one).Ambiance good, music great.Art great.I still not finish with the story, so I don't know if I'm right but, not enough weapon / armor / stock in general to upgrade our runner. At least for now. Maybe I will unlock new stock later in the story.If new content appear, I will buy it. Not cosmetic one ! new quest, equipement, level (for now feel like theyre are not enough map at least for the side quest, that happen in the same place (or really look alike place)).I'm curious about the endgame content.I hope it will have a random quest generator and some way to spent your ingame money.You like Xcom and shadowrun, go get it, you are in for at least 10h of gameplay (like a said im still not over with the story)"
,Not Recommended,267750,17592424,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,getmedieval,"I was really looking forward to this game after Dragonfall. But it has none of the flavor of the previous game (and it's not made by the same people), or, for that matter, the tabletop game. I'm not pulled in by the story. The characters don't have real personalities. The combat adds nothing to the previous game. There's none of the feeling of brightness amidst darkness of the Shadowrun world. There's some sort of online component that seems tacked on. What a waste! Still looking forward to Hong Kong, though."
76561198005473252,Not Recommended,267750,17733096,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Radiant Lotus,"Devs think that just because you can dress your character up as a meta-human that suddenly that makes it Shadowrun. This genre is suppose to be gritty and serious, like Bladerunner or Ghost in the Shell. The game play is suppose to be in-depth, flexible, and well thought out. Shadowrun Chronicles misses all the marks of not only being a Shadowrun title but, it's a sub-par game for a desperate bunch of fans that will take anything with the Shadowrun title.When fans hear anything related to the Shadowrun genre they get excited and as usual another failed p.o.s. kept alive by die-hard fans so desperate to keep the genre alive."
,Not Recommended,267750,13319470,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ballsy Bouncing Ball,"Shadowrun is an amazing RPG turn based.But the Online, they very much ruined for not producing content and updating the game. No updates for very long times, and gameplay still crap. Bad Mechanics, Not storyline, No online/mmo aspects, No RPG content.12/12/2014.Might be better someday, but not today."
,Recommended,267750,15646633,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,KarmasReaper,"Awesome Game! Nordic and Cliffhanger Productions did a Great Job! I have played all the Shadowrun Games and this has met my expectations!  I hate to repeat myself but this is a really great game, try it out and you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,267750,15672041,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Darth Senpai,"Thought it would be better than it was, but not too bad."
76561198045342621,Recommended,267750,15728367,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,=TEX= DahmonGrimwolf,"This game is fun until you run into a single enemy. The infected gangers. They have some broken♥♥♥♥♥LMG that you can't beat. I just lost a mission where 4 of them just sprayed bullets at the guy I was supposed to protect from like 15 squares away, Taking him from 4 armor and 20 HP to dead in just one turn. Like WTF! They make cover completely pointless and there are for to many of them. Since most of the time in this game you have like a 40% chance to hit they just fire 6 times in a cone and will take out all of someone's armor and start into their health WITH JUST ONE. And in a side mission they threw about 10 of them at me along with melee guys and dogs, so I fell back and took most of them out. Then after they have been in almost the same spots for 2 turns shooting at my guys on the last turn they just light up the mage and boom I lose on the last turn because magic. Other than that I really like this game, although overwatch is a must, I cant beleive that isnt in there. The defence missions are nearly impossible without it. Please fix the bloody gangers. They work fine if their are just a few of them but you put far to many of them in the game. Guys with LMG's are supposed to be ""support"" not the entire force."
76561198037700443,Not Recommended,267750,23996182,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cajun,Started playing Shadowrun in Third Edition.  This game is horrible.  I would like to see a good attempt at a REAL MMO for Shadowrun.
,Recommended,267750,20073387,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Waffen,"This game has simple but aesthetically pleasing graphics, nice character outfit customization with a large variety of items (gotten at random from missions) and gameplay which is easy to learn but can be hard to master. It's turn-based strategic shooting in the same vein as Fallout Tactics or Xcom, though with less focus on the story aspect.The game has its faults, chief among them the chat system which at this time offers no way to communicate privately with other players, as well as frequent disconnections from the servers which ejects you from the game entirely. However despite this, the enjoyment factor is extremely high and the game is never more fun than when you have four players in the same experience range taking on a mission together.The co-op element, whether you are two players with a NPC each or a full team of four, really makes me happy with this purchase. And as it stands, this is my favourite co-op game of the year (and in several years). If assembling groups was a bit easier, the communication more streamlined and the characters a little more customizable, it would a must-own title.As-is, I would recommend to to anyone who likes tactical co-op or shadowrun/sci-fi.For anyone else it might be a gamble."
76561198020355566,Recommended,267750,20100187,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Malakor,"Don't buy this if...You are looking for a story and feel like Shadowrun Returns/Dragonfall Hong Kong.  It does not fit the bill.  The voice acting is not particularly good, the story seems light.You are looking for your Shadowrun tabletop ""fix"".  While it bears the name and uses some of the lore and concepts (hacking, rigging, spellcasting, races...), the system looks very little like the Shadowrun tabletop game.Do buy this if...You are looking for squad based strategy RPG with a cyberpunk theme.  It is a nice game in that regard."
,Not Recommended,267750,20284496,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Duncoup,I don't think there were attacks of opportunity in this turn based game
,Recommended,267750,19644858,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Challak,"Summary: Shadowrun is an incredible setting for those interested in SciFi settings and (especially) cyberpunk roleplay. This game is an excellent choice for those who enjoy the Shadowrun single-player games and want to bring a friend in on the action. Good (but not quite great) co-op fun for those who love the Shadowrun tabletop game but for whatever reason either can't gather together in one physical place, or would prefer a computer handle all those pesky rules.Shadowrun is set in a cyberpunk future that combines science and technology with magic in a beautiful coupling of SciFi and Fantasy. Character choices range from the exact precision of the sniper, to trigger-happy run and gunners; from spell-slingers to always-online hackers; from summoning monsters or building and remotely controlling machines to do your bidding, and more!This is a top-down turn-based tactical RPG that (arguably) offers slightly fewer choices in every round of its combat than other great games of its genre (like XCOM: Enemy Unknown), but makes up for that by (arguably) offering a more robust roleplaying experience... THAT YOU CAN PLAY WITH FRIENDS!But in my opinion a few (minor?) setbacks keep this game from reaching its full potential:+ All players act at the same time, which sounds like a good idea in theory (less waiting) but in the end proves to just make co-op strategies more frustrating than they need to be. Take a few moments to plan your perfect strategy? Oh, a half second too slow so your faster friend shot at (maybe missed) your optimal target first. Take another few seconds to device an alternative, finger moves to click confirm but BOOM, your other buddy ran right into your blast range and shagged that up hard. Better have a good voice chat (or have everyone in the same room) and willing to talk strategy or this is gonna get REALLY frustrating.+ Because of the above, your view will suddenly shift and yet your input isn't always properly locked out while they act, so a lot of accidental clicking (on actions or on the wrong target area) will occur. You may lose friends over this. Again, communication is key.+ The game doesn't adequately explain how having some abilities can't be combined (effectively) with others. I was several new abilities deep into skill trees before the game made it clear that I wasn't able to use more than two types of skills in a mission at one time. This is due to most requiring the player to equip an associated item that enables that skill, and you can't carry more than two of these at once. Example: If you want to be casting spells you'll need to equip an item for that; want to use a sword, you'll use your other slot for the sword. If you then start a mission then you won't be able to summon anything in that mission because you don't have an equipment slot free to add the item that permits use of summoning abilities.+ The game doesn't adequately convey that abilities within a skill will NOT generally affect your effectiveness in other skills, regardless of whether their description sounds like it should (Simplified example: Spells and guns are classified as ranged attacks, but the ""bonus to ranged attacks"" ability in one of those skill trees won't make you any better at the other).+ Selecting NPCs to accompany your human players in missions is needlessly tedious due to most of the important information you'll want to see about them at a glance is only visible once you've selected them, navigated to that section of their info, and then if it's not what you thought/hoped navigating back to the big list... rinse-repeat.Bottom line though: This is quite probably the best modern co-op turn-based game on the market today."
,Recommended,267750,19226872,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Cooperton,"This game is fun.Is it super polished?  No, not really.  Is it buggy? A little bit.  But, you know what?  It's really fun to team up with 3 other people online and geek a bunch of gangers and corp soldiers.Also: it hits the Shadowrun theme and feel very well.It's a solid little game.Still, I might wait for it to go on sale."
76561197966522568,Recommended,267750,17479228,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,OSIAS,"Its Shadowrun, Its Digital & Multi-player. Need one say more?Yes its good, its not completly true to the pen and paper but its still a lot of fun and is a good gaming system.All it needs is some pvp or maybe DMing Tools"
76561197984226858,Not Recommended,267750,17181823,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Dyvim,"The idea behind this game is a good one, the implementation, not so much.  It is painfully clear that this product is not finished."
76561197976200362,Recommended,267750,17411331,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,roony,"I havent been paid to review this game ...This game is one of the best turn based games on steam. Better then shadowrun returns & beats the crap out of xcom beyond.The skill tree is well designed allowing you to form synergies & playstyles of your own, making it far superior to shadow returns & xcom beyond.The skill tree looks simple at first, stick with it & level up a 2nd tree, such as a shaman for buffs or rigger for extra damage, or melee for manuverability.This is what makes Boston chronicles vastly superior to shadowruns dry gameplay, which penalises you for branching out of the skill tree.Wanna make a perma haste decker, or a melee wielding runner & rip up maps with great multiplayer? Or a cram addicted crackhead? This game allows for a customised experience, mix & match skill trees with little in the way of penaltiesThis gives it a more interesting, well designed gameplay & faster paced gameplay then shadowrun returns dragonfall.Boston Chronicles has alot more personality with voice acting instead of the dry & sjw writing of shadowrun returns, which shoves a leftist agenda down your throat.Boston chronicles also has better customisation then shadowrun returns, with thousands of options for clothing, facial & hair options.No player looks the same, with free drops for neon glow in the dark tattoos & even cool looking glowy shoulder pads ...The solo game is also great, allowing you choose over 20 mercs to help you.It needs a match maker, & a few more maps, but theyre all due for release next week.The deluxe version gives you extra character slots & alot more weapons & customisation options."
76561198011594996,Not Recommended,267750,17595989,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Alighieri,"I bought this game because there was pvp.it was sold as a mmorpgsince the release all that has disappeared, is theft.It is worth buying if shadowrun returns to play a good scenarioHere the coop is just an excuse for not developing features mmorpgsold during the early access ...stolen"
76561198005471753,Recommended,267750,22099443,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,BadEMT,Excellent story and fun game play.Buy it commrades!
76561198054992701,Recommended,267750,20674492,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,upshot8888,A fan of this game and played all the original series but this one I find not to my liking so i asked for a refund but then again I am not about multiplayer. I am sure there will be those who love that aspect of this game version but not someone like me who only lover singleplay storylines.
,Recommended,267750,20817147,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,noirlotus321,"Interesting twist on one of my old favorite RPG's.  Rigging and Decking aren't what I expected, but you got to make them useful somehow when you don't have a matrix interface (that I've seen).  Not all that ACTION PACKED, but it's got a very interesting story arc and interaction between you and the NPC's isn't dull.  Very customizable outfitting choices.  7/10 in my book."
,Recommended,267750,19972530,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kraege,Fun reminder and great intro into 5th Edition. We will be getting back into the pen and paper Shadowrun now.
76561198017092991,Recommended,267750,15621290,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,b5001,Been playing for a bit and its ok they made the game better I still like the first 2 better though and I wish the camera would zoom out more so you can see more of the battle field but its ok.
76561197990789743,Not Recommended,267750,18158762,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,vextorspace,"I was very disappointed with this one, the storyline is way too formulaic."
,Recommended,267750,22132693,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,UltimaQuazar,"Rateing: 7/10TL;DR:This game is made to be played with friends. Its not a ""true"" port from the table top experience but it adds various tools and takes away some of the more time consuming aspects of the table exp.If you want a game that is fun to mess with, and pretty fun when ever you want to play a table top RPG but don't want to get TOO involved in it, this is your game.It's fun and not too involved making it a great game to jump into and play a couple missions on.The main point is the teamwork aspect, making this a great 4 person co-op game. Great runs filled with great laughs.The setup of the runs are great and offer a plethora of multiple avenues to take.When you move in position just to get flanked by 4 jazzed gangers only to be grenaded by your fellow chummer means you're gonna have a great time.If you don't have friends you're going to find the game a bit boring and not that fun.The story is lackluster but it peaks at certain points.The lore is nice and the atmosphere is quite immersive but if your looking for a great and enthralling game this may not be your cup o'tea either."
,Recommended,267750,16465108,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SypherLOCO,"Not bad so far. It's a lighter version of the HBS shadowruns but with online capability.Pretty good times, global chat is easy to use for finding other runners. Friendly community, lots of missions and skills.Give it a try if you like the shadowrun games or tactics games online in general. It exceeded my expectations.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,267750,12858704,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Psychotic Asparagus,"I'm fairly disappointed.Now, let's start with the good. Models and graphics are pretty good, actually -- ragdolls are nicely done, too. Visually, this game is decent. Soundtrack and setting tend to reflect the universe very well! It's almost like a throwback to Shadowrun Returns for me, especially with the organ mission.The game itself feels clunky and customization fairly limited. Where I looked at my character in Shadowrun Returns and even Dragonfall, and was in love, I couldn't quite say the same. Understandably, the skill trees have been condensed and simplified, but it doesn't help someone who came from one game where it felt like having complete say in a character to one of the same setting and having very, very little. Comparatively, there's little -- if any -- attachment to the lore or setting. All of it seems very arbitrary. All in all, not worth the $29.99 charged, but also not a terrible game in its own right. I do wish I had tried something else, though.So far, for early access -- not bad. Not bad, but not very encouraging. I'm hoping things develop more along the way."
,Not Recommended,267750,15599112,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,HappyZavulon,"I suggest you pick up Shadowrun Returns and Dragonfall instead, they are both superior games in every way possible."
76561198110052201,Recommended,267750,14948895,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,nzguzzi,"Actually I am pleasantly suprised at how addictive this game can be.The things I like so far are:*Easy to just get right into things, there is enough just in the storyline to spend quite a few hours upgrading skills, searching for loot, upgrading gear etc.*The cybernetic implants add a nice boost for non spell casting toons.*Shaman and Riggers can get pets/droids, learn skill updates etc which provide good support options.*Grouping was easy, just a click and done.*Grouping is enjoyable and being a turn base allows time to think out your next move.I recommend this game if you are on the fence or looking for a new MMO to time sink your life away.Good fun."
,Not Recommended,267750,15695386,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[MoS] Naelok,"I bought this game because I really like Shadowrun: Dragonfall. I regret it. This thing is terrible.First:There's no tactical depth. You cannot set your guys to overwatch. You can't even bloody shoot and then move (it's move and then shoot only). This results in a game where your 'tactical' options consist of blandly moving from cover to cover and tossing dice at enemy soldiers. Is it ""hard""? Sure. You'll take a crit to the face and be decked. HP is so low and healing options are so limited that that'll probably be it for you. But is there any strategy to it? Very, very little. This isn't XCom or Dragonfall and options are too limited to make it a true tactical experience.Second:The story is rubbish. You don't get dialogue or roleplaying choices, just some (horribly acted) dialogue that strings together some incredibly mundane and uninspired missions. ""Go here and shoot these guys for some contrived reason"". I like the Shadowrun universe, but if you're going into this expecting to find anything resembling the Glory side story from Dragonfall, then prepare for disappointment.Third:There's no enemy variety. For the first few hours of this game all you are fighting are shirtless dwarves with baseball bats and dogs. You could at least change the colour of the dogs or something guys. Everyone also uses the same sound file, so expect to kill a bunch of female enemies that grunt like men when you drop them. Talk about lack of polish.Fourth:The game is plagued by bad design, bugs and lag issues. Take a look at the community hub and see the company begging for forgiveness. It's pathetic and these guys clearly weren't ready for go-time. I've had to Alt-F4 out of the game multiple times because I joined the party while talking to someone.  Sometimes I'll use a skill and have it go into cooldown and nothing will happen. You can moan about this being the first week of release or whatever, but that doesn't make any of this♥♥♥♥♥♥close to being acceptable.Fifth:Every time a mission ends, you have to spend a minute slogging back to a green 'mission complete' zone to end it. This is ♥♥♥♥ing tedious and makes me sick.All in all: This game is about a year of design away from being even remotely good. Do not buy it, not even on sale."
76561198030899809,Not Recommended,267750,15635630,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Gros Shadok,"Why must we be online to play this game in solo ?The previous Shadowrun titles were not online and were great !This episode of Shadowrun would also be great without all the issues caused by the fact it is online (terrible lag, disconnexions, impossibility to log on, annoying chat visible onscreen... and soon PvP).Dear Devs, if you want to allow people who like that to play in group online, that's fine with me, but please don't force people who prefer to play offline to play online !Isn't it obvious that offline versions of games are always better than online versions because the need to use a 'middleman' (game server) can only slow the game and cause login/reboot troubles ? And I don't even talk about the risk to not anymore being able to play a game if the editor decide to stop the server because it's not enough used anymore or because they go bankrupt.All those issues don't exist on offline game...So, even if I loved to play this game (except the final mission which is way too difficult), I don't recommend to buy it only as a form of boycott to discourage devs to do games that force you to play online."
,Not Recommended,267750,15616176,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,GentleGerbil,"I will change my review once the game is ready. Unfortunately, as fun as it seems, they were not prepared for launch as most multiplayer games seem to suffer. Lots of lost connections, lag and server crashes. Highly recommend waiting till the game is ""functional"" as it cannot be played offline.Now as far as the game/content. Fun! I'm a huge fan of Shadowrun and it's nice to see some Shadowrun story emerge. For Shadowrunners, please be aware the systems are completely unlike the RPG. The system is clean, easy to understand and the interface is clear. The turn based combat system is perfect for people who want an enjoyable online RPG but are distracted by other things (like kids)."
76561198141996821,Not Recommended,267750,15699083,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,impnotty,"There might well be a decent game in there somewhere. Unfortunately, owing to server issues and horrendous lag I have been unable to find out. Probably one to re-visit when (if) these problems are sorted."
,Recommended,267750,15670798,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Wire Monkey,yep its good
76561198103028484,Not Recommended,267750,15645275,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kar,"It's not what I expected, and it's far away from what was announced on the promo videos. There's no legwork, the interactivity of deckers and mages with the elements of the map is so poor (well, for mages there isn't any as long as I know), the coop missions is just to repeat previous missions once and once again... And then there's the 20 daily server restarts due to technical and lag issues, which is funny because this is a heavily instanced game with not so many players to justify these problems. The current state of the game is a bad copy of Shadowrun Returns, with poorer mechanics (for example, no matrix gameplay) and story. It looks like they took away all the interesting points when they changed the name. I hope it gets better soon, or it will have a really sort life. Here you can check some the features that you won't find in the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdZMgOAaL8Ahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PfGiHRyCPohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjhiACx9hNg"
76561198050818183,Not Recommended,267750,15623708,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,DecayWolf,"I currently haven't finished my playthough on the game, but since I'm stuck with the lack of skills description and don't want to frustrate myself choosing poorly or not 100% optimal for final build wise, I'll give a break, until someone cleary my doubts. Though I've played enough to point some flaws and some positive points from the game, so let's start.Positives:++ A new skill system which works very well, all classes are very fun to play and pretty strong on their own ways. Surely riggers is a pretty cheap build to exploit and also pistols seems to be a little too good in comparison to the rest, but since this system is totally new, I've to say, it's pretty good.++ The combat is fun to play, but the same thing, would happen if the consumer buys another shadowruns title, or a similar game from this genre, such wasteland 2, age of wonder 3, xcom, fallen enchantress, endless legends, divinity of original sin, and so on. So, while I do enjoy the combat system, this isn't anything revolutionary, which could be found on another titles, with way less issues, more real content and better price tag offer.+ Customization, is both good and bad.It's good because it's a new feature, and welcoming one, still some clothes should've a better texture and polishement.Negatives:--- Lag, some times it spikes from 3 seconds to 15 seconds, from some one who owns a 10mb internet, it's pretty to much. Also, the player may face disconnect on middle of the match, or keep getting a friend disconnected. Yesterday I was playing with a friend, and he got DC 6 times in less than 3 hours, also I just got a DC from a single player game that I was doing, I was very close to finish the match, and since I'm doing SP since the beginning, isn't as easier than co-op, there's no excuse for that.-- The player cannot remove a cyberware part. While some people may argue that this wasn't allowed on shadowruns universe, let me just resume that this game was been made by a different team, different developer, and more than half of things on this game aren't exactly the same from other titles, so there's no point of remove this, to keep a ""balance"" when the system is completely new.Let me tell you what's gonna happen, if you're a new player and found a cyberware piece for 1 essence cost, and just decided that I'll buy them all, because you have 6 essence and it only cost 4, the next improved version will cost 2 each, which means, even if you replace the obsolete version, you'll be unable to upgrade 3 slots and will be forced to stick with 1 useless slot, and another weaker version of something. In resume, you would need 2 + 2 + 2 = 6 essence, but if you buy 4 cyberwares you'll have 2 + 2 + 1 + 1, so 2 slots with junk. There's no wiki, there's no warning, there's NOTHING to tell which items the player will receive and can properly plan ahead, in other words, either you start again from the scract or keep playing with a weaker build.-- Summon limitation. Do you remember how cool it was to choose one rigger/decker, one shaman/socerer, one soldier and another melee or a similar kind of combination, from the older titles?On this one, you can have a maximum of two pets, if a rigger summon 2 drones, means that your shaman cannot summon an spirit (main focues of his tree) or if a shaman summon his spirit the rigger would not be allowed to summon all of his drones (mainly focus on his tree.)Basically, the devs said: ""We've made a very strong unbalanced build, so you're not allowed to play with it, we don't care about how much you want to play with your class abilities, we'll not propely balance it, you'll just not play with it, face it.""-- If you've played shadowruns returns or dragonfall, you'll notice the amount of text lines, and how well detailed always have been. Here everything it's superficial, and most character are extremely annoying with complety redundant texts or lack of. The overall plot however, seems to be ok, ins't a master piece, but isn't lame as above.- Limit of character creation. Do you ever wanted to try all possible combinations and classes? Happens it's not possible, the consumer is allowed to build up to characters and no more than that.- No respec system. What makes it even worse is the fact, a good amount of skills has a terrible description, which means if the player chooses a wrong skill, either he'll stick into it, or restart the game from the very beginning. So it definitely punishes the player for trying and discovering, and for playing, since some skills doesn't gave a proper description for this kind of set rules.- There's no category on hair type and colour, which means instead of choosing 1 hair and then go to another, you'll have to pass from all colours until reach the next type. This is extremely time consuming, and there's only two possible reasons to:1 - Lazy team.2 - They wanted to give a fake impression of quantity, to deceive people from noticing that there isn't that many amount of hairs types. (Yes, the player is abled to choose a hair type, once the character is created, but why there's no such option for the character creation screen?)- There's no sound track on character creation, and the noise is way too loud when you keep changing things.It's extremely annoying. I've turned my sound off, while I was finishing my character creation.- Bugs. Some skills doesn't worth as description says, some times people are unable to buy things from vendors, sometimes people can't organizate matchs with his friends, some times people can't login into the game.In sume, if you haven't played any shadowruns title before, don't think twice and go purchase dragonfall right now!If you've played shadowruns returns and dragonfalls, and is wanting something new... I would advice you to look for something else instead... This game ins't even close to the predecessor titles quality, it's still good, but not as.They're a different developer team, same than jagged alliance, which some of you guys may be familiarized.Wait 60 - 80% price drop, or move around, that's my suggestion."
,Not Recommended,267750,16492333,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Curs0r,"For the kind of game that it is, it's rather mediocre in my opinion. I think if you want a co-op tactical game, your money can be better spent elsewhere.Subjective note:Personally, I CBA to play it. I got it in early access, should have known better. Back then it was called Shadowrun Online which may not have been so much misleading as it led me to mislead myself but whatever, that's not my problem with it. Shadowrun in classic terms is an RPG and this is most definitely not that. It's just not my kind of game. Wish I could apply Valve's ""under two hours"" refund rule after 30 days."
76561198028285919,Not Recommended,267750,15629406,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,驴头狼 过山黄,"unplayble lag in get this - single player mode (4-10 sec delay for every action). never seen anything like it in a turnbase game and i have a pertty fast internet. absolutely ridiculous, do not buy! i will update this when/if this is fixed, right now in 4/30/2015 it is not."
76561198009724645,Recommended,267750,15637884,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Mr.Church,"I have all of the Shadowrun games, they are all good and fun to play, but this title is the best of the lot the multiplayer makes it great its alot of fun and very immersive, tonnes of choices for character builds and cool powers for each class to use. At the moment the only problem I'm having is with lag in game and this seems to me a temporary thing just seems they underestimated they sort of player base they would get after the steam launch!Even still, very enjoyable, has replayability and loads of immersion, its an 9/10 for me!I have to edit this because unfortunately while the game is alot of fun and I personally love playing it and can deal somewhat with the lag, I have to mention it's current state. There have been a few launch hiccups (personally I think they underestimated the amount of people who would buy the game on its launch on steam) so, release day there was some serious lag and disconnect issues, which at the moment are being handled by server restarts every 2 hours, which isn't really ideal but the game can be played between resets. I am still reccommending the game but think you need to know there is a temporary server issue.ok as of today 5-0515 the lag seems to be fixed, I could play fine anyways, it's a great game with alot of fun elements, without the lag issues it plays like a dream!"
,Recommended,267750,15718934,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Ehxon,"they act like they care, game cant come close to handling the volume of players it is getting, but yet they still continue to sell it while its not functioning properly which means player volume is increasing causing the lag to get worse and worse. should have offered free beta to a select pool of x amount of users months before release.they have reset the servers right before i have completed a mission about 15-20x alreadybasically people are paying full price to be a beta tester for them as of right nowif they can fix it and stop with the crap excuses i may change my review, the setup and game play is alright, but havent finished it all the way through yet. game could have alot of potential in the future, not completely counting it out just yeti do like the game, its just frustrating when someone sells you a finished product that is not fiinshed"
76561197976454871,Recommended,267750,19005544,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,dalnarl,Great game.
,Not Recommended,267750,17150449,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Buddha Loves Me,"Boston Lockdown is a huge piece of smelly crap. 3D is outdated like you've bought a game from 20th century.Unbalanced mechanics. Everything feels like made in garage.Better play Shadowrun Returns and Dragonfall or wait form Hong Kong.Shame on you, lazy and greedy developers. A grey plague on your safehouses!"
76561197984529053,Not Recommended,267750,17170897,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,antiotter,"I thought this would be similar to Dragonfall, or Shadowrun Returns.  It's not.  It's very repetitive Kill N' Fetch quests with little RPG elements.  I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,267750,16034202,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Neurosys420,"I reviewed this in EA and it was not a great review.Its worth buying now, if you like shadowrun, they are on track now and its good."
76561198120807542,Recommended,267750,23548920,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,gmkeros,"fun game, a bit too light in parts, but entertaining"
,Recommended,267750,30320821,Posted: 4 March,all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew",It is good. You can play it. It is Cyberpunk. We need moar cyberpunks. Gied cyberpunks. How to get punkcbyer?
76561198009869815,Recommended,267750,34620726,Posted: 30 August,all,Duke LaCrosse,"One of very few co-op turn-based games, so it has to be good."
76561198008055385,Not Recommended,267750,16210648,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ConductOfWar2,Nearly (there is NO random groups) impossible to get groups.  After statiium (omg!  solo'ish gamebreak spoiler) NPC's ADD's are armor nerfed making it IMPOSSIBLE to progress in game.
76561198034162850,Recommended,267750,21140144,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Punisher,"Ok so for all the people hating on this game. Real talk they said ""Warning this game is tough and it is designed that way"" so for all you haters saying this game is unbalanced or OMG! I got 2 shotted and died its because you probably suck. I've enjoyed the game and the boston accents. Lets just keep it real approx. 12-15 hr main story which honestly isn't bad. HBS is about that long and if you say it isn't thats probably cause you afk or again you suck at it. The Co-op aspect is fun and the community is really nice and role play like there really in the universe of shadowrun. Also i'd like to point out that the people that say this is the worst game ever are dead wrong the worst shadowrun game in history is the FPS released on xbox. Also I see people complaining about graphics but, really come on now? Has any shadowrun ever been graphically nice. NO! I'm a Spellcaster/Blade user and I love it. End game is a bit tidious (also I don't give rats butt about my spell check so if you feel the need to be a grammer nazi go waste your life else where.) I think they did a good job! Waiting for more content since apparently I finished chapter 1. So I assuming there will be more which means it will be longer than a normal Shadowrun game. Anyway thats my review."
76561198039770889,Recommended,267750,16059435,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Zevinite,"turn based mmo,  plenty of room for improvement but overall its fun"
76561198002596284,Not Recommended,267750,18531767,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,AmericanCommunistPartyOfAmerica,"This game is awful.  If you want to play a shadowrun game, go somewhere else, as this gets rid of everything that made shadowrun good.  Terrible writing, gameplay dumbed down to worthlessness, bland and emotionless settings.  This design-by-committee soulless garbage should be avoided."
76561198044911866,Not Recommended,267750,15605151,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,CatharticPotatoz,"There are a LOT of problems with this game but I'm just going to list the big ones.1. This game is inferior to shadowrun returns/dragonfall in almost every way. The writing is worse astheticly the game looks a lot worse with the use of lower quality 3d models as backgrounds as opposed to the digitally rendered art used in the aforementioned games and the game as a whole feels alot less polished than returns. The only way in which it improves upon its predicessors is with Co-op.2. Lack of dialogue options. They have essentially removed the RP part of an rpg. In the 3 hours I played this game can you geuss how many different dialougue options ive seen? 2!! 2! ""hello"" and ""goodbye"". The entire game is scripted with you playing a character whose personality has been determined entirely for you. The ability to change situations based on your characters chosen etiquette (something you cant even do in this game) has been a core mechanic of EVERY shadowrun game, both tabletop and videogame.3. BUGS BUGS BUGS BUGS BUGS....BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGSSSSSS. Models glitch out, there is clipping everywhere the game is super unresponsive (this may or may not have something to do with the fact that it tries to check in with the server like every 10 seconds)4. It tries to check in with the server like every 10 seconds??? Why? I dunno cause screw you its ""Shadowrun Online"". The current game is experiencing issues similar to Diablo 3 before they added an offline mode. Oh! did I mention that there is (as far as I can tell) NO OFFLINE MODE.5. This game is heinously overpriced for what it is, I could maybe see recomending this for $ 10-15 once they fix some of the bugs.....maybe."
76561198006619766,Not Recommended,267750,15628040,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,hestaby316,"Honestly, i let my love of shadowrun overide my good sense. Played shadowrun since 1st Edition, all way to 4th. DM'd multiple games over the years. This is a dumbed down turn based xcom type with a loadout and skill system trying to be battlefield. I understand with it being a game they cannot put in the many possible things players can come up with to get through a mission. But they seemed to have not even tried. If you just want an online version of Shadowrun Returns but with less to it - buy it. If your an long time player of the rpg then do not."
76561198098005984,Not Recommended,267750,15631886,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,donovancody,"F*ck this game. It's super fun. But every time I try to play, there is a new two hour download. Havent been able to play for four days.  Crash/download/crash."
,Not Recommended,267750,15648548,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,cyplo,This has nothing to do with the excellent Shadowrun: Dragonfall
76561197989579424,Not Recommended,267750,15869870,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Erudite Incubus,"I have over one hundred hours clocked in on this game and I simply can't recommend it, as it's blatantly obvious it still is not a solid release candidate.While the gameplay, when you are actually able to experience it, is quite enjoyable, it is marred by a lacking UI, character information and frequent bouts of server lag and other connectivity and game engine flaws that make the bulk of the experience utterly frustrating.As of the time of this review, yet another problem has cropped up: the inability to even log into the game. For over 24 hours, hundreds of players have been unable to play any of their characters, or create new ones as the game's Friend and Chat server already has their accounts registered as online, and as with much of the development team's experience with online multiplayer has shown, a massive oversight has ensured there is absolutely no user-side method to log off such a connection.Combine this with a woeful lack of support communicating with the players and you have yourself an experience tailored strictly for those with a deep passion for the source material, or those with wavering standards for quality in gaming."
,Not Recommended,267750,15616023,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Skafjeld,"Lag: the game.There might be a good game in here, somewhere. But the lag makes the game very hard to enjoy.As even the solo missions require connection to the game server, you will have to wait for every action to happen even when alone."
,Not Recommended,267750,15702768,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,jacksste,"Our dream come true: an MMO based on Shadowrun.Only the world is not a true MMO, and the game is basically a linear shooter with some multiplayer capabilities.  MMOs have a wide range of activities you can follow.  They offer RP, crafting, exploration, public kudos, and best of all, when done right, a nonlinear story line that assure if you do not like a few adventures you are not stuck - you just work around them.  The city is a single dorky square with five vendors in it, whose weapons slowly get better as you do.  You never find better weapons on adventures, and while the clothing system is charming it is also limited.The most disturbing thing is this idea that the entire charcter advancement system to endgame is nothing more than a normal MMO's noob area, and that at the end you will get to see the rest of the city in all of its glowing and really start playing,  Only there is no evidence that when you get 10 ranks in two or three areas that you will be released into a huge world, only that the MMO will have ended with a fizzle.On the good side, the game is essentially a late alpha release with a Final Candidate price tag - a not uncommon experience.  That means it could grow.  Open the city up, expand the adventures, loose the linear designs, introduce housing and bars and mass transit, and the rest of the game experience and it could be a winner."
,Recommended,267750,15680462,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Nexxa,Now that they've taken care of the latency the game is great even alone but really gets amazing with friends.
76561197989674975,Not Recommended,267750,16755865,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Raven,"It Is NOT the same as Return to Shadowrun. Very basic system. Combatsystem is closer to jagged alience than RTS. So beware if You think you will continue you adventures from RTS in better graphic's. They have very little commen ground.Also importaint to know its aimed at multiplayer co-op. If you Tend to go solo you will have to struggle with a very lowbuged henchman system were you take 1-3 (i guess either playermade or random generated) henchmen with you for that mission. Theres no party and you cant manipulate the henchmen. They are equipped pre-teamup, and use to very poor equipped. You yourself have 2 itemslots, but only players can utilize that option, hence the npc-henchmen never have a granade or a medpack. Not even a pill to help them. The enemy does. Your party have to share the 2 things you choose to bring. Theres is also no revives, stabalizes or anything in that direction other that the medkit. Did I say your party have to share those 2 things. Your combat options are also very basic and constricted. You have a main and maybe a secondary, most npc's only the main which makes them very specilized to handle enemys. Some are immune to magic and hence the mage have to find other targets to engage as his or her attacks cant harm that enemy and they havent got any options to use melee or alternative weapon. So very arcade'ish. Hopes for the future depth of the combat system complexity isnt high.If you want online player co-op turn base and dont mind the low complexity this might be fun. If you have standards regarding that you will be happier with the top-down RTS:dragon fall or other. Ufo-series (not x-com). X-com enemy unknows is good though!"
76561197973415346,Not Recommended,267750,17147312,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Squevis,"Starts out good but the difficulty very quickly outpaces your ability. I am on the 9th mission and have between 15 and 20 mobs being thrown at me with 4 group members. Most group members die in one hit. I could see how this game would be easy if you got advanced players with no business in such a low level mission to walk you through it. It is a shame. I really looked forward to playing this game, but without any connections to twink me, it is a huge disappointment. Save your money for another game."
,Not Recommended,267750,25807893,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Mleko,"I bought this very expensive title wanting to see shadowrun returns in multiplayer - this is unplayable! while the other titles would work smoothlty on my rig(which is a very nice gaming laptop, no a wooden pc), this game is offering me little optimisation resulting with lags and non-smooth gaming experience. For this price range - not recommending."
76561198075909235,Not Recommended,267750,16339441,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cktulica,I was so disappointed by the lack of shadowrun spirit.No freedom to choose my own personality.Afwul customization.I'm too♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off to write more.
76561198038336445,Recommended,267750,16372366,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,farmer 420,Really came along way from beta! Come run the shadows with me  and my fellow Chummer! Come make the community better everyone is welcomed!
76561198041652063,Not Recommended,267750,16578590,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,alvin1ng,"If you are looking for more SR Returns type of gameplay, you will be disappointed.Core rules of the SR game is highly condensed.Still have issues with cover mechanics in the game...Uninstalling this game now. Sadly I tried to give it the benefit of the doubt and have passed the steam refund limit."
,Not Recommended,267750,17302047,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,アレクサンダー,"Little bit of my background with Shadowrun. Got somewhat addicted with the universe from Mirrorshades from itmejp. Before played in Shadowrun Returns a while ago (wasn't impressed) and couple of days before playing this game, I finished Dragonfall Director's Cut (liked a lot).Visually Boston Lockdown looks bad... very clunky models of characters and that ""sexy edge"" which some outfits should provide is fall flat on its face... fall hard! Probably the best example came to mind - Vampires the Masquerade Redemption. Remember Christof Romuald from there? Models in Boston Lockdown are worse. Excuse me for beginning this er... opinion thingy from graphics, but they are very noticable... not in a good way.Gameplay side in here is also far from scratching me in good places. I was super confused why my character decker had no idea what matrix is even after hacking was in background of that charcter. Also major issue - game is way too much action oriented. Basically hacking is not even close to that level of usefulness as it was in Dragonfall. Gameplay on the field is like XCom. Get to cover, move to flank enemy, shoot to kill! You barely need to use any skills. So far the best class - shotguns and AR. Just flank, shoot. Repeat.Rather disapointing game. I'd even say extremely disapointing to play this after Dragonfall... sad. Had high hopes for it."
,Not Recommended,267750,18010215,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Plasmis,"It is a dumbed down version. I hope they get this running on xbox or ps4.It is completely different from what it was supposed to be.Dead man's Switch, Dragonfall and Hong Kong. Those are the things you should be looking for. :)"
,Recommended,267750,19088193,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Bebop,"Die hard Shadowrun fans might be let down by the lack of depth this game has to the standard lore, but over all, it is a cool game. Ever wish Xcom was multiplayer with up to four people? Then this game is for you.Learning curve is a bit sharp but a few youtube videos of how your character creation effects game play are easy to find.Wish you could make hyubrid classes? This game does not force you to pick a class, you just learn what you feel like doing and go with it. Summon monsters, bring in drones to fight, cast powerful spells, all up to how you want to build without the boundries of ""this is what you picked from the start, cant be good at melee as a spell caster or monster summoner..."" etc.I like it and the people are cool in game. Get it on sale if you are unsure."
,Not Recommended,267750,12169304,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,NeuroSerpens,"Second review - Still a waste...I was asked to reconsider my negative review, but these updates didn't change much. I'll keep what I said before and add more:1. Character creation and stories are still overly simple and dull. Come on... Shadowrun is a complex system and games based on it are supposed to make you think much more than this. Sheesh... Are you making a game for babies with all these ready made choices and these silly dialogues?2. The interface is a mess that lacks lots of usability concepts, the music isn't synced to events, and the game is still performing horribly. As a software engineer myself I'm becoming curious as to what technology can be so bad to make such an unresponsive and clunky game... It's either what is being used or the competence of both designers and devs is not so good. Seriously... If I were a dev in this team I'd either vote for a complete reboot or quit my job because I wouldn't be able to stand our own product.This game makes me want to tell this team to stop trying, which is a damn pity and makes me feel ♥♥♥♥ing bad too because I want to love every single thing based on Shadowrun but man... Getting back on this game to ""check the updates"" has given me depressive thoughts and kind of ruined my night.First review - Don't waste your money at least for now.I'll go straight to the point.This is still in early access but I bought this game months ago and it hasn't been worth it up to now.Stories are shallow, the animations and overall graphics are very unpleasant, and playability sucks because it doesn't even perform well or fast enough.This game reaches the point of being a lack of respect to the cyberpunk community.The worst workshop campaign of Shadowrun Returns / Dragonfall is much better than this."
76561198032316592,Not Recommended,267750,12872478,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Wardos,"Dont buy it untill they release some more customisation and missions.Shadowrun Returns was limited but enjoyable for a little while.Shadowrun Online is far from Shadowrun Returns yet.But it has some good potential, ill be waiting until it looks decent to play again."
76561198022846214,Not Recommended,267750,14734615,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Vurt Con,"Not going to be an MMO now, very disapointed with the people making this. :( Wish I could get a refund from them."
,Not Recommended,267750,14740806,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Charon,"After quite a long wait, Shadowrun fans are now finding out that ""Shadowrun Online"", recently renamed to ""Shadowrun Chronicles"", will not become an open world MMO. In fact, the hot mess that it exists as presently will make up quite a bit of the Shadowrun experience.I'm incredibly disappointed in the linear garbage this team pumped out under the title ""Shadowrun Online"", and I -hate- that at the last second, they've chosen to change that name and stick with producing ultra-linear garbage. Consider, as well, the Shadowrun titles that have come out as of late; Singleplayer campaigns, a poorly made deathmatch shooter, and now this.We can only hope some other startup happens to capture Neuromancer a little better than Shadowrun did in the first place."
76561197972774406,Not Recommended,267750,15001679,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Pariah3j,At this point this game is a joke... It doesn't feel like shadowrun at all. Go play Shadowrun Returns - its so much more closer to SR then this drek.
76561198100812853,Not Recommended,267750,14976630,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Cmfite,Its not what we were told it was to be. Still only in Alpha stage and at the now is but a stripped down version of Shadowrun Returns with a Co-cop feature.There's no exploring the world of SR. You just run missions. They even changed the name to save face about what they used to claim the games design was going to be. Now its Chronicles.I feel like I got ripped off and lied to.Screw Cliffhanger.
76561198074066295,Not Recommended,267750,12216571,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,tsheehan564,"The amount of work this game needs is extensive. If you like Shadowrun 5th Edition don't expect this game to scratch that itch right now. I think it has potential for sure. Graphics are solid, gameplay is fun, although some missions are too hard. I like where the game is going and hope the money I contributed helps to make the game come to fuition. This needs to be the attitude you go into this game with. If you want a good Shadowrun mmo in the future then I say support this with a purchase but you will NOT be getting that expected expereince right now and it's going to be a while before you do. I hope that some of the simplistic elements are overhauled. Deckers can't do anything close to their counterparts in the pen and paper version. Magic is way too simplified and needs expansion. Combat, however, is fun. I look forward to seeing what they give us in the future."
76561198002683807,Not Recommended,267750,11576998,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Cthulhu's Lawyer,"Stay away... far awayOk guys this is just a generic game with as much reference to shadowrun as your Saturday SIFI channel movie.Gameplay is non existent. Aside from the empty promises, all you get is a cheap generic campaign. Please ignore the Online on the title and the RPG and MMO on the description.At the moment there is only a small ""campaign"" that you play , exacly the same thing you see in games like ""breach and clear"" and the like. The game is hard because of the lack of content and broken UI, yet the devs want to pass it as a feature . I run shadowrun on my local shop, I played the previous games including the best one for the SNES, this is not it. Dont waste your money here, go and buy Shovel Knight or better yet , buy Breach and Clear and name your characters as the races on Shadowrun, i assure you it will be more fun and closer to the original fluff than this !!!"
76561198011151184,Not Recommended,267750,15696565,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Sigismund,The studio behind this game has already apologized for their incompetence. Hopefully next time they get a job they can handle.Assuming there is a next time for them.
76561198072082613,Not Recommended,267750,15679374,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Jaer,If you liked X-Com you will love this.If you like Shadowrun you will love this.If you Love random serve reboots due to the LAG getting so bad its almost unplayable - you will LOVE this.I am not recommending for or against.But the launch seemed to be mroe important than having this finished.There is a huge memory leak and its really making the community mad.
76561198375674111,Not Recommended,267750,32456521,Posted: 15 June,all,angshuman.banerjee1993,"For starters, this game is a complete disaster. Not only is it buggy in many aspects, but the game itself is a dead hanger. When I started the game, I was not able to find any kind of offline mode, which put me off immediately, since that feature was available in the previous versions even! To add to that, the game kept lagging (when I have played much more graphic intensive games with ease) and missions were too hard. RIP Shadowrun."
76561198022185881,Not Recommended,267750,17438901,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,michael_dior08,WORST damn shadowrun game i have EVER played!!!!
76561198058790032,Not Recommended,267750,11982541,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Snailz,Do not buy this game...it is too early in development to waste your money.
76561198011058080,Not Recommended,267750,11398740,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Hunnar,"At this point of development, I can't recommend this game (as much as I like Shadowrun). When you can't even finish the final mission in the tutorial, there is something wrong. I've attempted this mission about 20 times now. Always the same outcome. The player characters miss most of the time. The NPC's rarely ever miss. In some cases, the NPC's with the swords can take down the player characters in two hits. Seems to be balanced toward the game defeating the player. This is bad design as if you can't progress, what's the point in playing. There are plenty of other games out there.Maybe the dev's will bring some better balance to the game when it hits it's final release, but if not, this was a waste of money."
76561198006656154,Not Recommended,267750,11761980,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,TheMadmage,"As of August 17th, 2014 the game is very underwhelming. Shadowrun Returns offers more variety, better story and gameplay. It is to wonder why it was not decided to just package both as a single game."
76561198008606871,Recommended,267750,29759132,Posted: 7 February,all,dardunc,"Love it! Great story and you can dress your macho troll in woman's clothing, OMG, cross dressing shadowrunners!"
76561198026892903,Not Recommended,267750,15629251,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Bijat,"[Unuppdated review, seems like the technical problems is solved now]Pritty laggy still...u are connected to the server and is based on server response even when playing solo witch NPCs....unintresting specs....unintresting story..."
,Not Recommended,267750,16049350,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,grarrmcgrarr,"This isn't shadowrun. This is a nasty, slow, dull ripoff. The detail, the customisation of your skills, your attributes... all missing.DO NOT WAST YOUR MONEY!!This is shadowrun IP stuffed into a preteen game."
76561198006486403,Not Recommended,267750,15765423,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,skeven33,I really wanted to like this game.  I really tried.  The machanics of the game are really lacking and the character development is simplistic and sloppy.   I am trully disappointed.
,Not Recommended,267750,16729030,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Bushido Brown,"Was fun for a while, but all I'm going to say is that the more and more I play it, the more and more it still feels like an early access title. . ."
76561198000834469,Not Recommended,267750,16200192,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Scrappy Chipmunk,"To quote the cartoon series Archer, ""Nnnyope."""
,Not Recommended,267750,14864261,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ferrari,"I expected more from this game, especially after the superb Dragonfall. I guess it was my mistake, since I have not realized that it was not the same producer. Almost no story, poor interaction choices between the players, repetitive scenarios, poor character development and construction. It is a pity, Shadowrun has a lot of potential."
,Not Recommended,267750,11211803,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,TunaSamich,"In the current state this is one of the most awful games I've played in years. So laggy it takes MINUTES between triggering an action and the action taking place. Constantly locking up during loading screens. Patches with no patch notes. Downtimes with no warning or posts about it on any medium. Constant nerfs.No way to respec your skills even after they ruin skills you picked despite the promise of refunding points if they make skill changes.shops having items for sale at the correct mission progress but once you can afford them they're not on the shop anymore.Only viable way to play is be a cybered up elf with automatic weapons because cyberware gives you crazy bonuses that non-cyber characters can't even compete with. Hell the highest auto in the game is vastly superior to any other weapon even before you add cyberware.No information at all, be it in game like what exactly this skill does, or any info from devs about what changed this patch, when they're going to take down the server.No ignore function to block the toxic ""should be playing league of legends"" players. No whisper so you can talk to people without trying to get your message seen in global chat through all the complaining about lag.No LFG function so you just have to spam the already spammy global chat. henchmen allow you to run a NPC person on the team but they're so bloody weak compared to players with their bad skill choices and lack of secondary weapon that you're stuck LFG until you find 3 people or just get tired of waiting and quit.Developers are so busy posting video's of themselves PLAYING shadowrun when they should be FIXING shadowrun.Most of the rules we know from the books are thrown out so forget the paper rule books as none of it applies and you'll end up having to remake your characters if you base decisions that way since there's no real data to go off of. (manastorm: DEVISTATES enemies in a large area... 16 dmg is devistates? when everyone has 30-50hp by then??? and it takes ALL your mana???)Decking is called Hacking but tehre's also a ""loot skill"" called hacking so it gets confusing when talking to potential team members (can you hack? yeah I'm a hacker. *invite, start mission* hack over here, oh I can't hack those, I didn't get that skill, thought you asked if I used hacking weapon)They decided to remove the ability to sell cosmetic clothing items but you still get multiples of the same items when looting in missions ending up with tons of duplicates you can't do anything with or get rid of, even clothes YOU START THE GAME WITH!!!Everyone takes their turn at the same time, it's advertised as a feature but it's a problem. team members are constantly running into area of effect attacks, made even worse with all this lag. Sure you can warn them but it never helps since they have to read chat first.bought this when it was Shadowrun online, before any real info was out, hoping for an actual MMO but instead I got a very poorly done, cheap chinese Shadowrun Returns, with multiplayer capability, knock off.And, I'm sorry, but ""it's launch week"" and ""we didn't expect this many players on a STEAM game"" haven't been acceptable excuses for over a decade. Do some damned research before making an online game. we got 20+ years of examples showing what can happen on launch week and what happens when you launch on STEAM. games that were out for years without issues and choose to go on STEAM have these problems all over again. I know it won't eliminate all the issues with launch but it will reduce the issues and make the company more prepared to quickly resolve those issues.I'll check back in a month. But, for now, ♥♥♥♥ this game!"
76561198013026902,Not Recommended,267750,29236924,Posted: 13 January,all,The Jaguar,"It looks nice at first glance.  But once you get into the game, you realize it's flawed.  The combat mechanics suck.  And the dialogue isn't great.  Oh, and there's the fact that you have to read all the dialogue (because they didn't want to pay the voice actors, I guess?).  It just seemed like this game had so much untapped potential.  The whole game just seems rough around the edges...like they just half-@$$ed it."
76561198042120183,Not Recommended,267750,17022492,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,mr.snowball808,This game shouldnt have Shadowrun in the title. Its a discrace to the name. Loved the first two. DONT BUY THIS IF YOU WANTED MORE RETURNS OR DRAGONFALL!!!!!!!
76561198040603814,Recommended,267750,32877462,Posted: 27 June,all,Patolindo,Cool
76561198016660054,Not Recommended,267750,17271101,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Cuddlebag,"The third go at the recently reinvigorated shadowrun series can only be described as a sad attempt to take the series into the modern world. The first two games atleast had a well thought out plot and fun maps. This poorly executed game hacks the singleplayer appart in favor of a quasi mmo, which doesn't work with a game this shallow.I can not express how dissapointed I am with this game. But I will still try: 25 points out of 100!"
76561198067256569,Recommended,267750,16396072,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Aldreign,Good game 10/10
76561198070079936,Not Recommended,267750,15605288,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Repaks the Magnificent N STRONG,This game sucks major♥♥♥♥♥ Brutally difficult and controls are unresponsive.  You give an order to move and it takes 30 seconds before it does.
,Not Recommended,267750,15268219,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,malphaeus,"There is nothing interesting or compelling about this game. It lacks the depth to stand on its own as a tactical, turn based game with a cyberpunk wash. It lacks any mechanical resemblance to any edition of PnP Shadowrun, and it lacks the depth in both lore and RPG elements.The dev's may make it better after its imminent launch, but given the slapdash milquetoast we've been given so far, I cannot recommend this title."
76561198213166375,Recommended,267750,29512670,Posted: 26 January,all,masternikko999,TOTALLY AWESOME GAME.
,Not Recommended,267750,24588214,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,oninochuck,Bait and switch. Do not bother.
76561197999423205,Not Recommended,267750,31990686,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,"Meh, waste of money."
76561198060396398,Not Recommended,267750,12481316,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,STINKFIST,"Shadowrun Online - Now Chronicles Boston Lockdown is literly an abortion.After Cliffhanger in Vienna realized there was no way possible they were capable of fullfilling promises to fans and kickstarter backers they changed the name to Chronicles.  They scrubbed all original documentaion of development plans and goals fromShadowrun.com.  The reason is that they are trying to blame the fans and backers for thinking the game was going to be an mmorpg...which was the original plan!Cliffhanger productions is the most unethical company i have seen.  All of their positive reviews on steam are from friends,  family and people they give free access codes to.  Once a month they have open houses and give away free access codes,  then asked people to review the game.  90% of the positive reviews on steam are free access users.  This is how they falsely manipulate user reviews. They try despertly to keep the steam rating mixed which should be, without manipulation, overwhelmingly negative.I don't have allot of time explaining how horrible this game is,  just read the negative reviews to get an honest review.If you originally backed this project on kickstarter...contact kickstarter and inform them of this Cliffhangers lies and practices. With enough negative feedback kickstarter won't let this company have another fraudulent campaign to rip off fans and then blame the fans for their mistakes."
76561198053934892,Not Recommended,267750,14305017,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,BourSouff,"This is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t , I am so sorry I payed over 30 $ for ``THIS``.Sooo dissapointing."
76561197984995191,Not Recommended,267750,11719206,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,PasRapport,"After trying the latest version I have to admit that the game has improved consistently I used to be a gamemaster for the pen and paper version of the game during the 2nd and 3rd edition era and I have familarized myself with the fourth ed. I was cyked to see a Shadowrun game with a multiplayer mode but was very disappointed with the early version of the game. I like where the new version is heading but is still missing a lot of the quirks that made the Shadowrun universe such a great background to develop into a video game. For instance, I understand that the devs don't want it to be a clone of Shadowrun Return but that game used the fourth edition as a template and made sense to a table player. I applaud the new improvements and will be on the look out for other changes, I wish for the addition of the adept class and powers and more look custumization options... I will recommend this game when it'll meet my standards and taste as a Shadowrun hardcore fan..."
76561198052280273,Not Recommended,267750,13669508,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Drosophil Melanogaster,"This is what I thought of the game as early access: Regret having paid for this and things don't seem to be getting any better in the future,  Wish I could get a refund.Now, after the final release and dlc: If you liked Shadowrun returns / Dragonfall, DON'T BUY THIS GAME. It's nothing like those and gameplay is simply bad. Save yourself some money till something better comes along. Total waste of time."
76561198088885981,Not Recommended,267750,15266825,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,FellOffTheGrid,Game would most likely be good if it worked. Fix your crap. Way to go.
76561198049669755,Not Recommended,267750,11611618,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,jcutta2727,this game is strait-up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198038121242,Not Recommended,267750,17863941,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,phyk_xun,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.  It was advertised as an online mmo, they're changing it to go back to doing dumbass video games.  Total let down after having prepurchased, gone through the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of problems (including one where the servers actually werent big enough.... FOR THE SAME FEW PEOPLE THAT WERE ALWAYS ONLINE), and, finally, after deciding to hunker down, being told hey, no mmo, just another run of the same bs you can buy from the other Shadowruns.  Also, they came out with Hong Kong while, supposedly, working on the mmo.  Dumbass move.  You were way too obvious with trying to market the Hong Kong (another standalone)bs, so, you ♥♥♥♥ed the gamers that took time from other stuff to help you develop.  As a gamer that did so, i'd like to return the favor and add a f*ck you.  Thanks for taking my money and wasting my time.I can say this much, they've worked out the kinks in the toon development.  TOO BAD YOU DIDNT DECIDE TO CONTINUE   WITH THE ONLINE CROWD THAT SHOWED YOU WHAT THE PROBLEMS WERE.  I'd go more in depth, but, you'll pay for it, you'll play it, you'll like it for a few days, then you'll go back to your mmos, tbs, and rts.Shadowrun Online my♥♥♥♥♥  Oh, also, that was the name.  They changed it when the whole Hong Kong, 'we're not gonna do an mmo now' thing popped, AFTER THEY TOOK MY F*CKING MONEY FOR AN MMO.AM I HAPPY?Happy I left."
76561198023138848,Not Recommended,267750,32117654,Posted: 1 June,all,[TBC]Joshua,Pas de mécanique d'overwatch. Refund.
76561197994334237,Not Recommended,267750,12589031,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Lurch,"One of the most disapointing games I have purchased in a long time. Has a very unfinished feel, I would not feel as bad if this was a beta, but I was not happy with the unfinished feel of this game.I loved the old platform games ( NES and Playstation) this game has less character development and skill development than the old games."
76561198008427530,Not Recommended,267750,32555553,Posted: 18 June,all,Bob the Dinosaur,Terrible
76561198008682212,Not Recommended,267750,15504232,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,hanjam72,$30 wasted on another crap game do not buy this game do not wast your money
76561197970853534,Not Recommended,267750,15642445,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,apoktaino,"its not an rpg. its a stratagy game.  if you're expecting it to be like the other Shadowrun games you'll be disappointed.  Tried the game again after 2 years, they made it pretty at least."
,Recommended,267750,15826238,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Murica,"Update as of 12/12/2015Bugs are mostly fixed and, while still a tad odd here and there. the game is certainly pleasure to play if you are into this sort of thing."
76561198006249623,Not Recommended,267750,15660251,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sleepy,"Re-reviewed 1 year after launch.The game is now all but abandoned, with very little change or action on the game after they completely sold out the original intentions with a DLC train the likes of which I would only have thought to see from monsters like EA.I was right about these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s the first time: they're inept, useless, and driven by greed.Avoid this game!"
,Recommended,267750,15301175,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,LehmannAD,"This game is hands down a disgrace on the Shadowrun Name, ive made several attemps to beat the (picking the Clues) mission and no matter what i try or what i do its unbeatable, i have no money to buy better guns or gear so i just get beat every single time, i dont think i could be more upset with a game knowing now that i wasted 29.99 on a POS.EDIT:This game is now absolutly amazing, took them a while to fix the kinks and issues but now WOW, fits the Shadowtun Name PERFECTLY"
76561197998439444,Recommended,267750,27341515,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sabio,Best Kick Started game out there. So many character constumization possible. Cant wait for them to make the second chapter. Endless game hours possible.
,Recommended,267750,25977865,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Cain,"The game would be enjoyable if not for the fact that since the beginning I've had screen scrolling issues. Namely even with edge scrolling disabled, if I don't make sure my teammates are finished with everything they do any move I make can be ♥♥♥♥ed up or trying to locate my teammates using the keys or mouse can leave me with my camera stuck on the far edge of the map unable to do anything except quit my turn. It's gotten worse since installing Windows 10. Mostly because 10 is such a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that no one knows how to code worth a damn for the thing, and most are still using 32 bit programs on 64 bit operating systems, which is made worse when you include the ♥♥♥♥s that are Windows 8 and up coding."
76561198014140422,Not Recommended,267750,25571771,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,The Arkady,"WhatShadowtun Chroncilesis:A fairly decent isometric tactical four-player co-op game set in a world where magic meets technology meets post-apocalyptic cyberpunk. The missions can be soloed using NPC allies (though this can get tricky, especially later in the story). Game-play is okay, but maps feel fairly repetetive. Still, this is worth trying as a 4-player co-op game. It's actually pretty fun provided you find good people to run with.WhatShadowtun Chroncilesisn't:A polished, or even just finished, MMO. There's no trading anything with anyone ever; why, you can't even sell those spare clothing unlocks, either. There's no actual social hubs for the role-player in you. There's not even private messages. Heck, there isn't even a proper character screen letting you check important stats like evasion or what background and racial choice you made at character creation. (Good thing the latter at least is generally easy to tell from how you look.) There's nothingmassivelymultiplayer to do.Verdict:Sold as an MMO RPG. Not actually good as that.Could be a thumbs up if it weren't sold as something it isn't (really)."
76561198072309104,Recommended,267750,16612338,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,kaleide,"I am only a mission in and try out different characters, but a few things are VERY apparent. If your on a mac, you have to run the game, force quit and then reopen to be able to play. If you have to go afk for anything over 5-10min, you get a server boot. Server boots wouldn't be so bad except it also closes the game and i get to start the double open all over again. Barring that pain in the butt, like the game so far and will continue to play in the hopes that these bugs/server issues can be resolved."
,Not Recommended,267750,16032542,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ackstorm,"Started out fun but was very basic with very little content.Turned into a big disappointment over time as the rest of what I was hoping for never filled in.If you are into the harebrained schemes games (shadowrun returns, and the expansions) then skip this - its not the same and you will be left wanting (your money back)."
76561198032351654,Recommended,267750,15694516,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,redundantusage,"The game has come a long way, it wasn't what I was looking for, but it turned into a solid Shadowrun themed game, and with most of the bugs fixed and gameplay possible without major interruptions, I can definitely now recommend this game."
76561198073755634,Not Recommended,267750,15637850,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,r-cane,"Now, I make the second edit of my review.When the game came out it was unplayable, it took the developers some time, but finally the game itself is working smoothly. No lag, not a lot of updates or server shut-downs so I finally can review the game itself.When Cliffhanger Productions first announced that they would be making an Shadowrun Multiplayer game the two things that made me want it so bad were that they said back then it would be an open world RPG and that they want others to play Shadowrun online with each other (hence the original title ""Shadowrun Online"").I guess they either did expect more money from the backers or simply didn't have a clue what the backers were looking for, because what I was looking for was a place online to walk around with some runner chummers of mine and do some in-play roleplaying. And they have completely not delivered that.Shadowrun Chronicles is not a Shadowrun RPG to play with friends, it's a Strategy game that is playing in the world of Shadowrun and where you have only one place (instead of the open world they promised) where you can met with friends and do some Charplay. That place is the ""Hub"". And not even there are the people actually talking to each other. Baseicly all communication between actual players are in the Global Chat Room. And there is no inplay either it's just people trying to find a group to make more Karma.This game feels so much more like a free-to-play game like Jagged Alliance Online without the money leeching, than what it meant to me to play Shadowrun with my friends for almost the last two decades.And just when I thought everything is getting better with the coming updates they introduced pets. PETS?! Gotdamnit! In all my shadowrun years with all my characters I had so much to decide about. Which guns to bring, which contacts to squeeze which way to enter a building, being sneaky or brute force. Even who of my fellow runners I could trust. NEVER EVER have I worried about if I should get a friggin' squirrel or a dog. EVER!Maybe I'm just the only person that feels like the developers missed the point of a Shadowrun Online game. For me this is not what I was looking for so I don’t recommend it."
,Recommended,267750,15651277,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,eloieli,"I had disconnection issues when I first got the game but the developers got a fix out and it's all sort now.  The game is fun, intuitive and captures the shadowrun feel well.  Great game."
76561198081741627,Recommended,267750,15654363,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,conalcuan,"Lag is horrendous. Lacks depth of choices, hopefully coming in updates (spells, spirits,wpns, equip, et all). Even with the latter the game does well at char. creation and visually sets the proper tone. It has promise. The online ability to run with other players is a unique touch. I can see where tehy wanted to go with this, but they just didn't end up there. Once, the lag or latency issues are cleared up and maybe some better voice acting, it will be a close to contending to HareBrained Schemes SW offering which is a bit more faithful to the old SEGA version.**May 8th**In a most personal touch, the team has pulled through. Thanks for contacting me Primetide. I respect that greatly! I can now recant the previous review. Lag has been fixed and anything else mentioned above is simple fluff to add. I continued to play through the lag and server resets, made Green Monster a heck of a level to complete. >;/Now for someone wanting that old school feel but with the option of running with real, live meat-bags or those drekkin point-ears. This is your game!  Great PR and getting on top of the situation, you guys    recovered with class. If you see Tharn in game, bug him to buy you a soy-kaf chummer. :)"
,Not Recommended,267750,12305007,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Ninjai,Changed from a positive to negative - approx 20 points of karma are needed per lvl per skill there are 4 main skills and 10 lvls for every skill.So imagine grinding for 1 hour and getting 4 points.  I'm not exaggerating.  So just to lvl up 1 lvl for 1 of the skills it's gonna take you 5 hours.I don't know why they did it but recently they put in this new grindfest way to get points.  Everyone hates it there's constant complaining on the forums and in game.  I'm just glad the window of fun was open when it was.  If they change it i'm all about it and will change this to a positive.  However if they don't respect or have any value of my time then they aren't going to get any of it.
,Recommended,267750,11374483,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Akilander,"Latest Review: This game is now awesome. It's free, once you get online, fun, and easy to team up. Great community as well. Now that you can build your character, you can even the odds. I like the hub where you can interact with NPCs as well as anytime customization. I can't stop playing. I know you guys are indy and I appreciate all the time you put into this game. Keep it up!Previous Review: If you like games where the developers make things 'purposely hard', play this. You'll die several times just to figure out a level before being able to beat it. I don't know why it couldn't just be a fun game. Oh well."
,Recommended,267750,16364198,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,drummerboy400,"Amazing game to pick up for cheap a few different places, not sure I would say it's worth the full sticker price right now. The game really shines when 2-4 friends play though together. The story telling is alright, but nothing to be amazed at. The character customization in terms of aestetics is fine, but skills are a little narrow (imo). However I still really enjoy playing the game and would recommend it for anyone who has looked for a XCOMesque co-op experience."
,Recommended,267750,32354106,Posted: 11 June,all,BloodCri,"A wonderful experience, this game lets you be a shadowrunner with your friends and explore the streets of Boston during a rather frightening nanomachines outbreak. Solid x-com like tactics mixed with a variety of abilities and strategies make it a fun must-play for any tactics fans.The game isn't perfect though. Though the addition of a rotatable camera is nice, there are still some targeting issues in regards to AoE and playing with very experienced players can make it difficult for newer players to get the feel of the game. Especially since it allows players of any skill level to party up. It's less of an issue since the game is co-op but it does remove the challenge.On the other side of the coin, while the main game is very much completable with henchmen, the end game content is impossible to do without other high level players. And its not always possible to find someone who wants to play those things with you. Much less three others.I also have a few nitpicks in regards to what damage types can and cannot affect as well as the degree of simplifying the karma spending system got. Being able to eventually max everything out just makes things a bit less fun overall since it removes a lot of core strategy. But there's still a lot of stragegy in what you bring and how you interact with your teammates. So not a complete loss. Still, it would have been nice to be able to to customize things more metculously like in the single player games. Especially in regards to magic so people can run builds that are not just ""nuke everything.""These balance issues and nitpicks aside I can still reccomend this game. It's a blast to actually do stuff with friends and when you're on the harder missions and manage to complete them through careful strategy and teamwork (provided your team communicates) is extremely rewarding. Certainly not the best of the series, but absolutely worth it for a group of friends who want a cyberpunk strategy fix."
,Recommended,267750,13952063,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,killrade,I gave this game a very bad reveiw but the fixed all issues and made the game a lot of fun. A must play if you like this type of games
,Recommended,267750,18803130,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,TaikaHiro,"One word: BAD!!!!!Updated ater year: If you give it a try and a chance, it really can take you. It's not so bad afterall"
76561198077695225,Recommended,267750,26830775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ann,"I'd say I'm pretty happy with last patch, since it have that balance between some challenging and easy to play game. And should be enjoyable for most players.All that game could wish now is a new content, beside it - game is perfect, again.Best ever community, responsive and friendly developers, and game runs even on quite old machines (Infected could be slow on old ones, however) and Shadowland BBS alike chat.In case you want just Returns/Dragonfall/HK clone game is not for you.This is coop game with it own charm and based on 5th edition rulebook.Where game really shines is replayability, you and real life in shadows starts, after you finish the story.Yes, some runs could become boring for you after some time. But, its always funny to watch for new runners errors or do some yourself. Some individuals could be very unpredictable, and some really in the role. This surely adds some sugar and mixes in a new taste."
76561198107565938,Recommended,267750,35277911,Posted: 28 September,all,Andrexea Knox,"I find myself quite enjoying and loving this game, while i wish there was more content to it what there is to play is alot of fun, especially if you have some friends, though you can run missions solo with ai squad missions."
