user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,267980,8909282,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,notto,"Hostile Water: Antaeus Rising is one of my favourite older games.From the moment i played the demo back when it was released! I was hooked unfortunetly for me at the time I had no method of obtaining it.Basically you control a carrier ship which is 1 of two left in the Antaeue Project with the second being out of commison which has the ability to construct certain vehicles Land/air which will expand in variety as you play the game. The pilots for your vehicles are actually the soul of someone who died piloting one of the vehicles you harvest that have been recorded into a soulchip.Construction happens because of the creation engine which is full of tiny nanites that can build things really fast due to sheer number of them however without energy you will not be able to make things.You will need to collect energy via harvesting metallic objects that are littered throughout the levels.To upgrade units/unlock tech you will need to fight and analyse vehicles/weapons.From what I can tell thus far this is original untouched code that still play's well. The Resolution is still pretty low but don't let that put you off.This is a strategy game that is in dire need for a HD remake or a sequel.I am now a happy owner with 3 copies. 1 from amazon, 1 from gog and now thanks to steam I now have it in my steam library.So what are you waiting for Captain? Buy it and play it.Last time i checked this game is missing the 1.3 patch which is really needed.This game is old so don't expect widescreen support."
76561197993778599,Recommended,267980,8913091,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,askovdk,"The game itself is excellent, but the command system is what makes this game shine.While piloting a craft I can order an AI pilot pick up a tank and drop it where I'm looking with just a few key presses.Take a look in the manual at page 19 for example.A basic (but nice) combination is to pilot a hovercraft youself, and have a heli cover you.Another excellent touch are the competent AI pilots, and how you can take control or give it back at anytime.It also have a non-trivial story told in (for its time) wellmade movies.Yes, this game is more than 10 years, so the textures and polygon counts are bad, - but this game is still among my all time favorites. (I still have it on physical disc, but couldn't help buying it here as well)"
,Recommended,267980,8927158,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Sl@y3D for my n@me,"This is one of my favourite PC games of all time.It's pretty much a forgotten gem, which is a great shame. It is a unique game that manages to combine strategy with blowing chunks of metal out of people. It's possible to manually control everything, manually gather resources (like a strategy game), manually shoot at people who would shoot at you (like a dumb tank shooter). Alternatively, you could leave it to the AI and plan your attacks out, just like a strategy game.This game therefore turns the strategy genre on its head, allowing you to have more direct control over your units. You can have the AI do all the boring stuff, taking land vehicles from the carrier deck to the actual land and then go looking for resources, while you take control of the aircraft taking people out.As the game goes on, you get cool upgrades, new weapons, armour, different units, all kinds of stuff. You get more AI characters to control your ever growing army, and you'll end up with some intense battles against the hordes of... well, hell if I know. The story is a bit weird. The gameplay is where it's at.I haven't played a game like this. It's a shame really, this game is really innovative and I would have enjoyed a sequel. Unfortunately, the developers went out of business. Kind of a shame, they started off in my birthplace.You won't regret buying this game if you like explosions or strategy. Oh, a small bonus since you read this far: hold down the right mouse button when you are in the Antaeus construction room and move your mouse. Ahh, I love random attention to detail!"
76561197991414586,Recommended,267980,8943358,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Hatebeast,"I'm not ashamed to admit that seeing this on the store page managed to raise a smile, along with more than a few happy memories of this absolute gem of a game from back in the day. Despite having this beauty on what we old timers refer to as a 'CD', (look it up kids!), I could not resist picking it up right away.Any game that puts you in direct control of a nicely varied selection of modular vehicles then sets you free to cause mayhem and destruction throughout a well written & voiced campaign mode is worth a look. Steadily escalating your capabilities in a brilliantly paced way that ties directly into the plot throughout will make it well worth your time.Adding to this tapestry is an ever increasing rosta of varied AI wingmen which all work under and alongside you to their own unique strengths and personalities. Making the very means of their inclusion a major plot point & using them to add some character to the overall campaign is a great touch. An early example of these would be your typical grizzled tank commander who will chew you out if given anything less than an artillery cannon to pound his enemies into dust with.Yes, the characters are often familiar, but very cleverly done as this serves to guide you as to where they would be best suited on the battlefield. When put into their prefered roles, they truly do shine. Showing off some incredible ai for the day, they will carry out their roles with an impressive degree of independance. With their battle chatter and relevant feedback to you and each other adding yet another layer to their realism, they help make your typical mission feel extreemly vibrant and organic.If only you could provide the player with an unbelivably intuitive command system for said wingmen, allowing you to issue on-the-fly instructions to these guys & gals.. who would then act on those orders in a contextually sensible way the likes of which are rarely seen even today. Yeah, you can do that. Want that hovertank to guard your resource collecter? 3 buttons. Transport chopper to bring your laser turret to high ground? 3 buttons. Deranged chopper pilot to provide you air support? Well you get the idea. All easilly done whilst blasting enemy factories/dodging missiles/going sightseeing.Not a fan of sending commands whilst in the thick of it? Relax and enjoy the accessable yet thoroughly satisfying command overview screen where you can issue units waypoints, co-ordinate attacks, set up resource gathering, construction queues, and transport duties etc from the comfort of your very own holo-map thing.THENget back into the thick of it and blow the absolute hell out of stuff whilst you watch your masterplan unfold around you.The sheer ambition behind this game managed to light a fire under me all those years ago, a fire which has been rekindled by simply seeing it on the store front. A genuine classic which I would put up on a pedestal beside the likes of Deus Ex & would not hesitate to recommend to anyone. If for no other reason than to get a good idea of what a game created by true talent and vision can -and should- feel like.My only gripe is the lack of options to extend the life of the campaign after that first, (awesome), playthrough. Oh, and I'd absolutlykillfor a good multiplayer mode :)"
,Recommended,267980,9440318,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,♥*¨*★~Preda~★*¨*♥,"This is one of the best games of all time.A seamless blend of tactical RTS and vehicle simulator, it pits you, a naval carrier/factory and a crew of dead soldier stored on computer chips against a mad Cabal of arms dealers and evil politicians hellbent on making war against a world that has been completely demilitarized. Your journey takes you through a chicane of 20 islands in the South Pacific as you investigate and dismantle the Cabal's operations.The storyline, written by famous comicmaker Warren Ellis and narrated by legendary Doctor Who veteran Tom Baker, is very deep and engaging, and makes you genuinely care about both your crew and vessel, and the helpless world you are protecting. I won't give away any spoilers but suffice it to say there are far worse things hiding in those islands than 20-year-old tanks and gunships, and by the end you'll experience quite a few genuinely scary moments.The gameplay is, as I said, quite seamless, without a single bug. Steam integration could be better however: the Overlay isn't working so you can't take screenshots and it doesn't log your game time (which is why it says up there that I've played 0 hours of it), and as of yet there is no Steam Cloud support. We can only hope. However, the root game is quite well-rounded and optimized. The AI, especially that of your uploaded soldiers, is competent without making you feel unnecessary; there's always a situation where you're better off taking the wheel yourself. Graphics-wise, quite amazingly, the game looks rather good, especially given how old it is, and it will run without a problem on any machine.You have absolutely no reason to deny yourself this amazing game.100/10 Recommended!"
76561197977466230,Recommended,267980,8951347,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Coucheese,This Hostile Waters is an amazing strategy game with one of the most simplified ordering system I have ever seen with very independent units. This game is a definitely a good buy but there are some missions where you may get annoyed such as mission 14 where you have to escort units and the units sometimes get stuck on the smallest things and you could possibly be waiting for 10 minutes but that was just my experience and thats a small thing  anyways with this good buy.
,Recommended,267980,34902088,Posted: 12 September,all,For Sale: Fortnite 20 Bucks,"A classic! Sure outdated and aged. Clunky graphics and (camera) controls. But you cant beat this classic story driven adventure of a lone captain and his digital crew. Deserves a remake for sure.Extra: Please bump up my review so people can read the following; Steam puts the game in compatibility mode causing FPS to tank and stutter.Sollution: Go to game directory and put BOTH .exe files into compatibilty mode for windows 8 FOR ALL USERS! (again FOR ALL USERS, else steam will overide the setting and it still stutters)Alternative: Adding the -windowed tag to the main executable and launching outside of steam seems to work as well."
,Recommended,267980,8936754,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Varsh,"One of the finest games to have ever been made, RAGE really did make one heck of a strategy game here. Back in 2000 I picked up the original boxed copy for a mere £10 when it was brand new, the reason I bought it was because in PC Review they said it was a modern day Carrier Command (my favourite game of all time on the PC - 1988), since Carrier Command I have always wanted another game similar to it and RAGE provided a similar experience in a different mould.Carrier Command was about you taking a Carrier that can create Mantas (planes) and Walrus' (amphibious tanks), you were to travel from island to island and capture them for resources in order to then track down the enemy carrier and destroy it, you need to be aware though as the enemy carrier can also do the exact same thing as you can. Hostile Waters is very similar in the regard that you travel from island to island in order to prepare for destroying the enemy carrier however unlike Carrier Command you don't have any freedom going in between islands, instead each island is a mission.In both Carrier Command and Hostile Waters you have to go on the islands and recover resources, this is where the games similarities move apart, Carrier Command has supplies sent straight to you depending on what you require at any given moment, short of missiles? Order them from a nearby island and it will be shipped straight to you, in Hostile Waters you instead only receive resources by harvesting them from destroyed objects.Where Carrier Command is clearly focused on the sea, Hostile Waters makes the island missions superb fun, each island can have bases or something else entirely, having the right preparation in order to carry out your mission is essential and the AI becomes pivotal. Thankfully the AI is brilliantly done, if they're in trouble then they don't just stay there, they'll do what they can to take down the enemy, out maneouvre them and even retreat. The battle chatter makes the missions even better as the AI have conversations between themselves, it makes the feel very real.Using the mission map to plot out AI behaviour is a breeze to do and it makes you more of a commander than a pilot so you tend to let the AI do what they like to get things done. If you want to take control of their vehicle then that's possible too.Some of the latter missions are dearthly and really requires you to plan ahead as you will be turned to sushi, having said that though it's not impossible but once you've completed the game you will have perhaps the biggest smile on your face.Buy the game, play the game, live the game. If I could give a score out of 10 it would be 11!If you haven't played Carrier Command at all then I highly recommend that too."
,Recommended,267980,22254867,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Morbo513,"One of the most criminally underrated and unknown games out there.You play as the last functional Adaptive Cruiser, the Antaeus - a vessel capable of building combat units from scratch with its on-board Creation Engine - fighting on behalf of the global utopian society that had abolished war. Your advesaries are the Cabal, the ""old guard"" of tyrants that had once ruled the world, and seek to do so again.Pros:- Great voice acting, the characters... have character. They'll chat to one another during the missions, complain if you put them in their least favourite type of vehicle, each have lines for calling out specific enemy units, reporting their vehicle's status, even whether or not they're able to engage an enemy they're being attacked by.- A pretty interesting plot, narrated by Tom Baker no less. Nothing amazing, but the worldbuilding and the way the plot progression influences the gameplay is.. cool.- Simple arcade-vehicle gameplay but with a relatively deep strategy/tactics layer on top.You can spend the entire mission just ordering your units around from the map and watch them do their work (Though the ""RTS"" view is not Real-time), or build a unit without a soul-chip (ie an AI pilot) to use for yourself. You can also take direct control of any vehicle piloted by your NPCs, which is another thing they'll comment on.You have a lot of freedom to set your own objectives and tackle them in whichever order you see fit. Some mission-critical objectives require you to act pretty fast, but generally speaking you can go at your own pace.The enemies will have their own production facilities meaning you're almost always either attacking, or defending your resource operations. Sometimes they go hand-in-hand. You can destroy their energy production which will (after the reserve power runs out or is destroyed) prevent their facilities producing vehicles, or go straight for the buildings themselves. You'll have to watch out for the million flak cannons that are in each mission though.- Diverse ""cast"" of vehicles, weapons and components; Shields, Armour, Cloaking, Long-range precision Lasers, Howitzers, Missile launchers, Helicopters, Hovercraft, Tanks. Each combination of weapon, vehicle and component(s) can be effective.- Likewise, lots of enemy stuff to destroy. They have Tanks, Self-propelled Guns, Mammoth tanks, Attack and Scout helicopters each based on real-world designs. There are emplaced AAA sites, howitzers, autocannon turrets and bunkers. Each poses a differing level of threat to each of your units. They're.. ""upgraded"" later in the game, and ultimately replaced by things much more sinister.- Simple in-game ordering system. Though the interface/controls for it are a bit archaic, after a few minutes using it it becomes muscle-memory. Order all your pilots to follow your vehicle and engage targets at will along the way, tell a specific unit to attack a specific target etc.- Resource system: Instead of a mine or forest you gotta tell your little people to chop down, there's only really one way to gather resources in this game: Blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. The enemy vehicles and facilities you destroy will be turned to debris, which you must harvest either with a helicopter sling-loading it to your carrier, or by a dedicated Recycler unit, the Scarab. Some of the situations you'll find yourself in will prevent you from keeping a resource collector at a source Later in the game, you will gain access to a vehicle that can carry out both this and a combat role at the same time.Most missions will have areas full of pre-existing debris, or empty structures for you to harvest, but they will only net you so much energy before you have to move on to the next.Cons:- The game has poor replayability. There's no facility for loading a specific mission after you've completed the game (Unless you save for each one - however there are only 9(?) save slots and more than 9 missions), there's no skirmish or multiplayer modes. That hasn't stopped me coming back and playing through it again every couple years. For the asking price now, that shouldn't be much of an issue because other than that, the game stands as it is.That said, there are cheats that let you skip through missions and access the entire tech-tree in any mission, but I'd advise against using them your first play-through.- Slightly archaic control schemes - As I mentioned earlier, this mainly extends to the command interface - When you're not using the map, if you want to order a unit to do something, you press the appropriate number for that unit, and use W/A/S/D/Q/E to navigate the menu. The problem here is those are also the controls you use to move. This results in 1: the unit you're controlling stopping dead while you issue the order and 2: Possibly inadvertently issuing the wrong order because you were also using those buttons to move.If you really need something done at that specific moment and the unit you're controlling is going to die if you rescind control for even a second, you're better off just going to the map screen and issuing orders from there since it pauses the game. Not a huge issue, but it's probably the most prevalent throughout the game. Otherwise, it's easy to get used to.- No difficulty levels. The game is sufficiently challenging, but there are a couple of missions, one too easy to the point of tedium and one that's pretty damn hard. Fortunately the latter one is later in the game, so hopefully you'll be prepared for it.Neutral:- This game doesn't hold your hand. The first three missions serve as a tutorial essentially, letting you get to grips with the resource collection, combat and ordering mechanics. Beyond that, the only direction and help you'll receive is from the mission briefings by Church and Walker - And what they say is almost always relelvant.- Mandatory stealth mission. Yeah, one of those. The mission fails if you're detected (Up til you've completed a particular objective), but as above, the guidance offered by your superiors will help you prevent it.- Little music. There are a few tracks, but they're reserved mainly for the main menu, the briefing and cutscenes with none during gameplay, bar one (short) mission.- Graphics are obviously dated, but still serviceable. Probably one of the better-looking games of its time."
76561198013544033,Recommended,267980,12103587,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Star Frost,"Possibly one of my all-time favorite games.  I have bought this game 3 times by now, for one reason or another.  The story is rather unique and the setting you find yourself in is like few others I have ever seen.  The fact that this game came out in the age of giant PC game boxes and has continued to be sold non-stop even up until today is saying something in and of itself.  However, the feel of the game and its re-playability have been key reasons for why I just keep coming back to it.  From the ability to hot-seat from the carrier that houses your brain (which if you try to look around in some of the internal views, you might catch a glimps of) to any one of your combat vehicals, it offers multitudes of ways to experience each of the unique levels.  Even the pilots' AI's are differnt in their appoch to how they handel each type of vehical.  Be it hellicopter, hovercraft, tank, or buggy; as well as what they will do in combat... even their prefered weapons can become something of a deciding factor from one fight to the next depending on the enemies they are facing and who is on their wing.  Compared to most modern feel-alikes, the part that stands out most for me is the ease with which you can command your forces in the field be it from the live interface or the tactical map.  The only down side I could think of is the one mission where stealth is required, where in you fail if your forces are detected before a particular objective is completed.  Thankfully its only one mission and after you finish it, you never need worry about it again.  If any other levels give you trouble, feel free to ask for tips or tricks.  By now I more or less know them all."
76561197975831153,Recommended,267980,28580354,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,T0AST,"Script by Warren Ellis creator of The Authority, Global Frequency, RED and Planetary.Narrated by the fourth doctor Tom BakerPerformed by Blake's 7 actors Paul Darrow (Avon) and Glynis Barber (Soolin).Control biochipped crewmembers and defeat an archepeligo stronghold of warmongers.Warning this game is 15 years old but did try something different and at $0.99 it is a steal."
,Recommended,267980,15760714,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Folstag,absolutely love it! a great combination of top-down strategy game and first person shooter.
,Recommended,267980,12393317,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Sktzofreak101,"Truthfully my favorite strategy game. I played this back when it was new and am amazed it has held up so well. It isn't a game where you just tell your units what to do and kick back, you have to adapt to the situation and at times be a pilot yourself (I piloted in most if not all missions, It just feels so much more involved). You learn what each soul is good at and surprisingly they do have fairly decent AI, if nothing else for the time the game is from. The banter gets a bit repetitive between your souls but I still greatly enjoy that they talk to each other. The graphics are dated heavily but they were very advanced for the time and it still isnt painful to look at. My hour count on here is only since picking it up on steam, ive beaten it countless times before obtaining it here. My disk is too worn out to run now. 10/10"
76561198023479215,Recommended,267980,12020458,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Wabbajack,"If you are reading this then you are wasting time that could be better spent playing this fine♥♥♥♥♥game. There are only two bad things about this game:1) No multiplayer.2) No skirmish mode.Other than that, you can play the hell out of this game and will be a better person for having done so."
76561198086093824,Recommended,267980,22333408,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Got to be Real,"Awesome AWESOME game.I played this when it first came out and have played it though countless times. Still have the disks, but thought I would give the steam version a go.They simply just don't make them like this anymore, sadly. So many current games lack the ingenuinty, depth, immersion and involvement that this hasTo say it is a brillaintly concieved cross-genre masterpiece does not do it justice, it combines many game aspects and knits them all together in a seamless way. Jump right from a tactical overview into the first/3rd person perspective any vehicle on the battlefield and take direct control of it, issue orders to all your other wingmen; enjoy the action right up close or direct the whole thing from afar and watch your ai squad handle it.A superb mixture of playstyles too: not just guns blazing, but stealth, careful planning, tactics and strategy a-plenty to accomplish the mission tasks.The storyline and concept is excellent and engaging, and drives the mission structure superbly, and the characters, acting and script all add to an awesomely immersive game experience.This game needs a sequel, or a remake, but I cannot think of any current games company that would be up to the task of pulling it off."
,Recommended,267980,9024841,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Kushan,"I played this game to death years ago, when it first game out. To this day, I've yet to find a game quite like it.It's quite cheesy and the story is a little rediculous at first, but it soon gets interesting once the ""real"" enemy appears. It actually makes a really good argument for nanotechnology and makes an interesting stab at what that would mean for us all.Gameplay wise, it's a great little strategy game. Its control scheme is awkward when it comes to issuing orders, you have to get used to regularly stopping the action in order to issue new commands and some of the micromanaging of the recycling unit gets bloody tedius at times, but it makes up for it when you just jump in and control a unit yourself.It's a shame this version doesn't come with any modern perks like widescreen support, but it works well enough on my Windows 7 x64 machine."
76561198001709736,Recommended,267980,16971475,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,-=EDF=- Kouta Seto,"pugio in averso belliIndeed. This game is one of the underrated crown jewls in the gaming world. A game that showed how earth could be in the future and what greed can produce if not stoped. With a Story better than most games today, a gameplay that mixes action, RTS and RPG elements as well as ressorce managing and micro management, an awesome ost for it's time (allone the main menu theme rocks!)(not on par with homeworld but as close as a game from an underrated development studio could get). If you want my advice then buy and play it till the bitter end. Just to see if you can withstand the horrors of modern society and the greed of mankind."
76561197969098142,Recommended,267980,12092385,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Yajuu,"This is one of those old gems for me. It is old school RTS wih a twist.It's one of those games where even the flaws seem to become somehow endeering.The voice acting - meh.The story - B movie.The gameplay - Enjoyable and only frustrating for mostly all the right reasons.The sound - It exists, but you wont think about it. It just feels natural.The graphics - 2001The difficulty - from ""not too bad"" to ""OH GOD PLEASE MAKE IT STOP!"" if you let the AI push forward.This for me is just one of those games that shows me that games are only getting worse."
,Recommended,267980,21874945,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,JoshBruce,"Classic Game one of the first few PC games I played as a kid and still enjoy now, obviously the graphics are quite outdated but still an enjoyable strategy game with an interesting story line"
76561198093748851,Recommended,267980,17667857,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,kalbot23,"this is a really classic game, spent many hours playing this as a kid, one of my all time favourite games i recommend this game to anyone who is looking for an action stratergy game"
,Recommended,267980,12822250,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Nemo,"This old remix of Carrier Command is a fantastic blend of first-person vehicle combat and real-time-strategy.Although it starts slow (2 or 3 tutorial missions), the complexity builds gradually, till you are ordering multiple units whilst simultaneously fighting/driving yourself.The great voice-work is fun too  (""I'm an aviator : A-V-I-A-T-O-R"")Good times"
76561198027029141,Recommended,267980,11074311,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Kit-Fox,"An older game with no multiplayer, but still a lot of fun if you like RTS games.  Graphics do look a little dated but are still decent & the interface is very easy to learn & master.  The challenge comes from the tactical use of your AI companions which are well coded.If any game was crying out for a remake into HD with multiplayer, this is it!"
,Recommended,267980,13092777,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Khai - Digital Nomad,"one of those quiet gems of a game. with voices of Tom Baker (Doctor Who) and Paul Darrow (Blakes 7) and a plot that feels like Gerry Andersons UFO crossed with Carrier Command, it's a steal at the current price...."
,Recommended,267980,19832343,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,hOLDtHEdOOR,"this game is pretty cool for it's age which it does show in the cenimatics but not so much in the gameplay. I played the first two missions and i feel confident that i will find myself playing more in the future. I'm not sure I will ever become addictted to playing it but maybe for some players this game would keep them coutch locked for hours.pros; take control of land and air based vehiclesCons; the controls are a bit sluggish when UI is being used, vehicle control is fine"
,Recommended,267980,24740047,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,MrFlipside,"I've been a fan of this game for many years, still got it on CD somewhere.Narrated by Tom Baker of Dr. Who fame, and with Paul Darrow (Avon from the cult BBC series ""Blakes' Seven"") voicing one of the main characters, the voice acting is of exceptional quality, unsurprisingly. Let's face it, any game that starts with the Fourth Doctor talking to you is already on a winning streak.In play, the game is a mixture of Strategy and Shooter, and a very well executed mixture too, the game allows you to smoothly swap between piloting vessels and issuing orders to your AI troops, and it's with those AI troops that the game really takes on a unque aspect, because they are characters, with strengths and weaknesses that you need to use.Drop Ransom in a tank and you are not only not going to get a great performance, you are also most likely, going to get a sarcastic comment from Ransom himself (""I'm an Aviator Ay-Vee-Ay-Tor!""). Put Sinclair into anything that moves and he'll be off like an over-eager puppy with no sense of self-preservation, put him in a stationary laser-turret, however and he's deadly. You have to manage your troops.The story itself is well constructed, based on an interesting premise and the diificulty curve is steep, but not unmanageable, though strategy is important, the game never gets to the stage where you can face the enemy on equal terms, producing energy, and destroying the enemies ability to do so will always be the primary concern in every mission.There ARE a few wierd 'blips' in the game that can be a frustrating, certain stealth missions are more irritating than challenging, and the endingscreams for a sequel, but all in all, if you can forgive the fact that the engine looks as old as it is, this is still a great, entertaining and challenging game, even after all these years."
,Recommended,267980,18175339,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ErrerClew,"I've played this since 2006 and loved every damn moment of it. In 2006 I never actually finished the game. It was in 2014 when I finally picked this up and finished it.This game is a blend of RTS and vehicle combat. You can either send your units to battle for you and control the action from a map or join your squad by controlling a single unit personally.The beginning missions are quite easy but the game gets really tough at the end parts.I highly recommend this game to everyone who's into Sci-fi RTS hybrids.This is one of my favourite games of all time.Get this game while its on sale tho since I don't see why a half forgotten game from 2001 is 10 dollars.( Yes , My steam is in dollars even if i'm in Europe )Update 24.11.16: Game is still pretty good."
76561198127397827,Recommended,267980,25532181,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,ElPablo,One of the best games i have ever played. Loved it and want more. In my top ten or just out side. So do we get another revamp coz this format really works for me. Master piece. Shut up Patton!
76561198023928909,Recommended,267980,8969830,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Joramun,It's still a great game and I recommend it to pretty much anyone.  You will have fun playing it. Now if someone can find/make a multiplayer or custom game mod I would be gateful.
76561197997532128,Recommended,267980,10729567,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Shinigami,An unique genre and one of the best games ever!
,Recommended,267980,18419641,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Cartay,"Part realtime strategy, part sim, part Carrier Command! And it has a Tom Baker voice over.Just buy it!"
,Recommended,267980,23827452,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Saclye,One of the greatest games I have played. This game won´t let you get bored!
,Recommended,267980,23486566,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Cyber Ortek,"Anyone who searched this game out can't be that easy. And if u haven't played this game before just forget it, this game is probably hostile to new players..."
76561198014350356,Recommended,267980,13011550,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,DEATHmachine,BEST GAME OF MY ENTIRE LIFE!
76561198024158790,Recommended,267980,12783395,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Andenanien,"If you don't own this BUY IT NOW, Especially when it goes on sale for a few dollars or less. You will definatley get you money's worth and it's one of the very few Hybrid Strategy games that acctually works."
,Recommended,267980,23372171,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
,Recommended,267980,21119494,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hitlers little puppy,An odd but interesting and fun game
,Recommended,267980,21248263,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,bran,"One of the very best games I've ever played. Waiting for a remake or sequel since I was a kid, too bad Rage didn't sell the license to someone"
76561198091407696,Recommended,267980,35482574,Posted: 4 October,all,campbell,luv'e this so much when i got bk in 2002 like yes some people may say just buy for the nostalgics or good old time but still better then most todayz games.... just only if we could of had that sequel that we was promised feelsbadman :( remeber for thoses who have played it there is still one more ship at the bottom of the sea
,Recommended,267980,35515249,Posted: 6 October,all,Mucins,"Graphics are outdated, but strategic gameplay and game mechanics make up for it. Liked this game as much as i liked it 14 years ago when i first played it. Have completed this game 3 to 4 times and still enjoy playing it."
