user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198053843295,Recommended,268050,32421323,Posted: 14 June,all,Golbez,"A Game doesn't have to be similar to another Game to be Great, but it never hurts to TryIntroductionWhen talking about a game made by a fan-favorite creator of good ol' Resident Evil 4, Shinji Mikami, expectations have arisen. I loved playing RE4 on my Gamecube, and then again on the PC trying to get almost all achievements. Can The Evil Within win my heart as RE4 did so long ago? It did to a degree, but not entirely.I've just finished Nightmare mode as of writing this, so I have a fair evaluation of the game.StoryThe story revolves around a detective by the name of Sebastian Castellanos who was just called in after just coming off a case. The report was multiple homicides at Beacon Mental Hospital.After a rather odd noise is heard and nearly driving off the road, the detective and his two companions Joseph and Kidman, walk to the door.From here, I will not spoil, but the result is a often confusing mess of information that some people will not understand until later. The story gives you bits and pieces no solving it, while not entirely giving it away. Even after the end, I still was scratching my head a little in regards to some of the story. However, I found myself figuring out the main plot rather easily, but just missing some parts at the end. It also didn't completely answer some questions which knocked points off for me.A person has to pay very close attention to the details and information in the game to properly understand the story in its entirety which I will admire though.Note I'd advise after finishing the game, to take a look at the bonus trophy section. It explains a LOT more then you'd realize.Rating 7 1/2GameplayHere is where a few similarities will come into play, but we'll hold off on that.The gameplay is 3rd-person shooter, with emphasis on action, and some stealth mixed in. Stealth I would like to point out, is crucial in some areas to save ammo, especially on harder difficulties. Over the course of the game, you're given different weapons, craftables, and more besides.Difficulty is at a good pace. You have Casual for players that aren't as good and who just want to enjoy the story, you have survival which is basically normal mode, Nightmare which can be hard at times but much more fun then survival. Sadly you cannot access it until you beat Survival. Then we have Akumu.....I'll be honest and say that I tried to do this, but then when I realized that I'd have to face certain areas where I'd often get nicked, I did not want to go through that torture. Akumu is basically one-hit-you-dead. (masochist mode)One thing that people have often complained about is the spikes in difficulty at parts. I'd like to alleviate those fears and say that while they're difficult, it just requires a different approach. Once I figured out an easy way to stop enemies with a certain craftable, I was much more happy.The creep factor is nicely prominent in the beginning 3-to-5 (depends on the person) chapter areas, but begins to lose ground as you progress and get used to the enemies, and the shock factor just deteriorates. Each new chapter contains several little hidden nooks and cranny's that treasure hunters will sure to love. (seriously some hiding spots are EXTREMELY hard to find if you're not looking carefully)New Enemies appear at a decent pace which I like, and some will eventually have new things given to them. It's sad that they threw out one of THE most creepy mobs in the game later on which left me kinda sad because they were so unpredictable at times.Bosses have a good difficulty to them. Not too easy, but not too hard eitherThe game, sadly, is rather linear. This took some points off for me.You'll face various things like bombs, traps, and more. You'll play little minigames of defusing a bomb and it's a risk, but the rewards are extra parts to craft items later.Rating 7RE4 Mechanics are here and the nostalgia is oh, so sweet!Enemies dodge just like RE4We got our loving Sadist (not spoiling but you-know-who that refers to in RE4)Enemies will point at you and react to you just like RE4Ammo is Scarce like RE4Only thing that wasn't as prominent: You can move while aiming down sights! You can reload AND run without having to stop and pause in the middle of enemies! BLASPHEMY V(Just a joke haha)A Final VerdictSo has this game lived up to RE4 and rekindled my love? Partially. It has several elements that I liked, but others I didn't.It's a good game with some flaws that hold it back from being GREAT. Hopefully the upcoming The Evil Within 2 will address some story plot, gameplay, (either get rid of stealth or make it better just choose one dang it!), better level design, and a few other quandaries that I had.My Final Verdict 7 1/2It's a very fun game with some RE4 nostalgia, and replayability. I recommend it."
,Recommended,268050,16945437,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,T.P.D #Nova Plague,"The Evil Within:If you're looking for a game which is similar to the Residient Evil game series, you found one. The Evil Within, Tango Gamework's first game, and its an horror game :) This game is not for everyone, its full with flashing screens and alot of gore, ALOT of gore. Blood everywhere, nasty images, lots of zombies and so many creepy creatures you wish you wont meet even in your worst nightmares. A WELL MADE HORROR GAME!Story: Im not gonna tell what this game is about, Im not gonna spoil you guys, all im gonna say its that the story behind this game its not what you thought it is... its very mysterious.. very DARK... a well made story.Voice Acting: They really put alot of effort on this game voice acting, they made them very good and very suitable to the characters.Sountracks: The soundtracks of this game are incredible!! The splashing blood sound and the weapon and everything you can think of its on this game, and its well made.Gameplay: The movment system isn't that smooth, but as long you're a good shooter, you should be just fine. the hitbox its a bit messed up, but after you learn to control it, its ok. The stealth modes and action scences are briliant, having the option to choose how to kill the enemy - with a knife from behind, shot it to death or trick it with a trap, or just sneak away.Graphics: It might sound sarcastic but this game is actually beautiful, even tho all the gore. But when you're in game you are just get amazed over and over again of the graphics of this game, they're awesome.DLC'S:The Assignment + The Consequence:If you want to play one of these DLC´s, you better just get both of them to get fully the story of each one, after all The Consequence is the sequel of The Assignment.The idea of those DLC´s, which you play as Juli Kidman and you see the main game from her point of view its just huge. Its alot different of the main game, tho its also a very cool DLC that trust me you want to play!The Executioner:Another side story the developers made, on this DLC you play as The Keeper, which shows his side of The Evil Within story. This DLC story is really sad and if you ask me it really made me start thinking twice before I judge a character on a game, or just any person in real life. This one doesn't have voice acting in it, and its on a first person view, which I find really cool, its also cheap and worth the price."
76561198269571205,Recommended,268050,34474945,Posted: 24 August,all,CaptainCringe,Be meStart gameConfident I can overcome most threatsFew hours into the game I have a handgun and some matchesSee large zombie chained next to a chestMy greed gets the better of me as I deperately hope for long awaited good supplies in the chestI steady my nerves and draw the pistolMy aim sways since I am still newLine up shot of large beast of a zombieFinally pull the triggerDirect hitNotice zombie still gruntingMy heart beat rises as I realise I have only made him angryHe breaks his restraints and picks up a chainsawI turn to flee and realise my mistakeThe noise from my pistol alerted the hordeThey pour in behind me from the windows and breaking down a doorI punch one before being hit and shoving anotherI flee through the newly broken door the horde running after me along with the newly freed butcherDesperently make my way to a gateLockedThe horde advancesQuickly kick down door of house next to gateI start to panic as I realise the door I went through was the only exitRun up stairs to try to stall the horde with what few pistol shots I have leftThere is the corner on a chair I see itA crossbowI sprit to it and pick it upThe horde has already broken in the door and is making their way up the stairsAll I hear the the hordes screams and the butchers chainsawI take shakey aim with the cross bow as my last hopeFireIts an Explosive bolt!The horde is cut to pieces and those not dead on the groundThis is my chanceThe butcher now seeing me and fully awake sprints at meI shoot and hit directly in the chestThe bolt explodes and he is still standingWhile he is dazed from the explosion I make my way down stairsI craft another bolt from traps I disarmed earlierHe shambles down the stairs afterTake my last panicked shotUpper chestIt explodes he goes downBurn the bodiesOverwelming sense of victory and bad assery flood my body 11/10 would recommend
76561198066253605,Recommended,268050,19810315,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,SABINA,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=579947789I remember when the pre-launch trailer for The Evil Within hit the media. Bethesda plying it's hand to horror, with Shinji Mikami at the helm, it looked like everything I had ever hoped for in a horror game. Expectations were high. Then it was released and I read the negative reviews with chagrin. My heart sank. And so I waited. I tried the demo and was... underwhelmed. Finally it went on sale for 8.49US and that seemed a reasonable risk. If nothing else, the atmosphere alone was worth the sale price.This is one of those games that is difficult to recommend, but the aspects that I didn't like aren't quite enough to not recommend it. The atmosphere and graphics are genius, superbly well done. The gameplay however, is lackluster and often irritating. Instead of jump-scares, there are jump-murders. You may suddenly, without any warning or provocation, be killed. The game wants to teach you how not to get killed, by killing you repeatedly. While this is not new in games, and is even much lauded in some games, it is irritating here. The learning curve is made deliberately steep, and it is not an easy game to complete.Complicating this aspect is the player movement mechanics, coupled with picky hit-boxes and quirky targetting for item interactions. Stealth is almost never a viable option, and renders the dev's assertions, that you can own your play-style, disingenuous. The game soon devolves into a run-n-gun, mash this button 400 times, cut-scene formula. My least favorite aspect is that the game takes over the camera far too often, making it feel as if you really have little control. It is almost a laughably absurd level of player control hijacking. I understand if the director has a vision and he just really wants you to experience it the way he intended, but it feels bullyish and invasive. This theory is backed by the fact that there are no settings to change the post-processing affects in the game. You see it the way it was intended, or not at all. These issues have been addressed in other reviews, but still, not enough to not recommend it.Another aspect that has been addressed is the feeling of disconnected, disjointed levels. And the fact that this may be due to each level being an homage to other games, as if the game itself is a collection of Easter Egg levels. Many masterpieces of horror are given a nod here. While I do love the levels, it still leaves one feeling as if it's a puzzle with beautiful pieces that just don't fit together. While it may be an homage to past masters, it ends up feeling, more than anything, like Shinji Mikami's homage... to himself.All in all, I have to recommend The Evil Within for hard-core horror fans, even if only for the atmosphere. That is were this game truly excells. And while I enjoyed immersing...basking...even bathing... in the environments for the very first time, the sum of all the little nit-picks prevent any desire to experience them a second time.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=579947653"
,Recommended,268050,12512515,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Dfactor,"Before the actual review.The devs finally added framerate cap and letterboxing options. Enabling console doesn't prevent you from getting achievements anymore. While these options should've been there from the beginning it's nice to see that these issues have been addressed.Actual review.I'll keep it semi-short, I don't want it to be bloated. Story spoiler-free.Short introductions.The Evil Within (TEW) is an oldschool survivor horror game with semi-tanky controls. If you'd ask me which games does TEW remind me of then I'd say Silent Hill, Resident Evil 4, Outlast and Alone in the Dark. If you ever played any Silent Hill title then you'll notice the familiar dirty, rust and blood covered dilapidated locations, scary mental hospital with beds and wheelchairs all over the place. The game is medium paced, which is good and bad at the same time. It's good because it doesn't get boring. it's bad because it decreases the horror factor. Puzzles are there, but really scarce and simple.The visuals.The game has some really nice lighting, reflections, shaders, particles, post processing effects and dynamic shadows. Depth of field and film grain make a really good combo here and add a lot to the experience. The locations are well made, a lot of attention to the detail, even though there are some cheap visual solutions (like 2D rock textures on water). The polygon count on most of the objects is medium, texture quality is mediocre at best. The worst textures I've noticed were the beginning (the city) and mostly rubble, no notable HD textures. City destruction is nicely looking, but is entirely scripted. Most of the animations are smooth, jerky ones have been fixed in the first patch.The enemy types.This contains some partial spoilers. Throughout the game you'll be greeted with different types of zombies (Haunted) and their sub-mutations. Just like in Resident Evil 4 you stumble upon angry villagers. Some of them will attack you with bare hands, some of them use torches, knives, hammers, sickles, molotovs and even crossbow, guns and sniper rifles. Notable mutations: invisible zombies (barely visible, fully visible on hit), two headed monsters with a surprise (AlterEgo). There are also mini-bosses and actual bosses.The combat, mechanics and AI.Many people mentioned that it's like RE4 on steroids. Semi-tanky controls, you can't dodge or counter. If you get hit you're usually given time to recover and fall back. Unless it's an instakill attack. Oh yes, there are plenty of enemies in this game that can instantly kill you. But unlike in RE4 you can actually move while you aim and now you have the option to use stealth.You can sprint (uses stamina), run and duckwalk. You can't shoot while you're duckwalking as it's meant for stealth kills (you sneak up behind enemies) and trap disarms. There are two types of traps: hidden ones that can be simply disarmed by holding the button (bear traps, string triggered dynamite, etc) and more obvious, but dangerous sticky bombs. You disarm them by pressing the button at the right time, otherwise it explodes. Each trap gives you crafting material. Check weapons sections for more about that. If you accidentally activate a trap then you can expect: small to high health loss or instant death.The game has RPG elements. Throughout the game you'll find green gel (that is used to upgrade various physical abilities and even weapon effects), ammo, materials, collectibles and matches. There's health regeneration. If your health drops below ~20HP then you'll be unable to sprint, but you're able to recover it back just by standing. Your melee consists of slapping and kicking enemies. Useful for finishing off or pushing away zombie type enemies, but generally not recommended for more serious enemies. Stamina bar enables you to sprint. The default sprint time is around 3 seconds and when stamina is below 30% you slow down to usual speed. If it reaches 0 then you stop completely and catch your breath (completely vulnerable).You can upgrade your ammo capacity and weapon efficiency (damage, fire rate, reload times, accuracy, clip size, etc).Stealth is a nice addition (works only on Haunted). You sneak behind the enemies and instantly kill them. This works in following scenarios: a) the enemy is standing in one place; b) the enemy is patrolling back and forth. You have a lantern which is your own source of light. It really helps to see where are you going, makes you clearly see the traps but also gives away your position to the enemies. Making loud noises (slam open a door) also can catch enemy attention. Knowing that you can use glass bottles to either distract them or stun them by throwing the bottle against their head (after that you're given time to stealth kill them). Stealth killing is a nice way to conserve ammo and if you have the chance to do so - go for it. If you get spotted then you can deal with them the usual way.Enemy attack patterns are worth a mention. Most simple ones are punches (or swings with the weapons), kicks and dash attacks. Dash attacks of melee zombies are quite dangerous as they go into berserk mode and try to hit at least 3 times. Crossbow/gun enemies usually take time to aim at you and then shoot. Sniper rifle enemies hide behind cover and then take their time to shoot at you. Shooting a zombie in the knee usually makes them fall. All of the enemies are weak against fire. if you have matches then you can burn corpses (REmake style), hay or even downed still alive enemies (hence shooting in the knee). Igniting something will set on fire all nearby enemies. You'll stumble upon plenty of corpses throughout the game, some of them can be used to ignite other enemies. Some of them can become alive depending on your actions (so it may be wise to burn some before you pick up an item or activate a mechanism).The enemy AI is also mediocre and could've been better. As soon as they spot you they'll start moving or running towards you. Detection sometimes fails and they spot you when you're behind them, crouching. Sometimes they might get stuck, run in circles or simply charge at you and end up running against the wall. I've also seen some weird patrol patterns. Like I mentioned before loud noises alert them (be it doors or you stepping in a trap). To avoid direct confrontation you can either hide in closets or below beds and tables or use the traps against them. Most notable con is the big amount of enemy invulnerability frames (you shoot, but they don't react / take no damage).In some chapters you'll stumble upon your partner. Shouldn't be too problematic as you can heal your partner by just standing next to 'im and holding a button. No need to share your ammo either.Weapons.Semi-traditional Resident Evil layout. Handgun (revolver), shotgun, crossbow (with different bolts), sniper rifle, magnum, rocket launcher. Most are upgradable, crossbow is worth a special mention. You find different bolt types for it, after that you can craft them from materials gathered from the levels and traps. Bolt types: harpoon, proximity explosives, flashbang, electric shock, freeze and DLC ones. Useful in combination with other weapons.Due to character limit I'll have to wrap it up aka tl;dr version.TEW offers a nice oldschool survivor horror experience, the locations and atmosphere are nice, but it's far from perfect either. Some chapters are more action centered and the game becomes zombie slaying action game (like Resident Evil 4 Chapter 5 island parts). I don't think that arena style battles (especially against enemies with weapons) was a good idea either. There are cheap deaths, especially in escape sequences, but in the end even with all its flaws I would recommend the game as it's entertaining and fun to play.I couldn't fit in the full review, so ask me questions in the comments."
,Recommended,268050,16385673,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Saber,Sebastian can only carry 12 rounds for his revolver because his jeans are that tight.10/10 Fashion over practicality
,Recommended,268050,32954872,Posted: 28 June,all,Saibot,"The Evil Within... A Game I strictly don't wanted to start, because I'm a huge Pu$$yI dont play Horror Games really much, because I don't like that Jumpscare aka. Five Nights at Freddys, nor do I like those insanely Loud noises just to ""scare"" someone. That's not my type of ""horror"". It's more like a pile of poop.I picked up ""the Evil Within"" on sale through steam and it runs perfectly fine. I heard it was poorly optimized on release for pc but i think they fixed a lot of issues with it. Anyway, I love this game. The graphics, the combat and the atmosphere are top notch in my book. The survival aspect is also extremely well done. I was always low on ammo but never was hopelessly out. It still forced me to take my shots carefully because every single shot counted. I haven't had an experience like this for a while. I also like how each enemy is harder to kill than you would think and boss encounters are a mixture of shooting and lite puzzles.My biggest and only Problem with the Game is that some areas / Bosses / Events, are really... stuP*D sometimes. Let me give you an example:At one point in the Game you're in a huge... House. Ruvik (the bad guy ;D), sometimes instantly spawnes somewhere and is chasing you and you have to dodge him as long, as he disapears. Which means, that if he catches you, you are dead, instantly. Not a huge problem so far, but now, here comes the tricky part:He can teleport. He can instantly teleport behind you and catch you like instant. Thats a HUGE bullsht. Sometimes you have to restart certain events multiple times, because you don't know what you have to do. some bosses are insanely du(m)b, and have attacks that insta kill you as well.All in all the Game is worth it, because the game scared me ATLEAST 2 Times per half an hour. Love it!*RECOMMENDED*"
,Recommended,268050,24692281,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Out Foxed,"The Evil Within is:An Action Oriented Survival Horror.An Horror game with a lot of plot holes or plot mysteries.Mostly based on Resident Evil with some homages to other games.Centered in Gore Horror rather than Psychological horror.Stereotypical Cop Survival Game.Plot driven instead of Character driven.Pretentious.Nice but not Awesome.A game with obvious puzzles.A game that will certainly become a franchise.The Evil within is not:A Stealth Survival Horror game.A game with a very coherent plot.A game with deep character developmentA masterpiece of the genre.An original story,A very scary and disturbing game.To summarize my experience with this game: I should advise that this is not a game for a mature audience. I think it is game for teenagers and not adults. Fans of Siren, Silent Hill, Clock Tower and other stealth horror games should probably avoid this one. First Person lovers should avoid it also. Most of the puzzles are way to obvious and you don´t even need to look for clues to solve them. Ammo is not a problem. You can run with a certain type but you will always have some, even on hard difficulties. Unfortunately you have no option to chose a less blunt and dull character in the first run and you are stuck with the stereotypical cop. That kind that acts-first and thinks-after with a very obvious backstory. The DLC's are not a big deal so buy only when its cheap. The game is enjoyable and I could recommend simply because it might be a fun time for people, but you should check some gameplay on youtube preferably without commentary, because most youtubers will praise the game too much almost looking like they are merchandising it (and they probably are). This game will not make your jaws drop, cry or scream about anything, but it has some enjoyable things and nice graphics. Don't buy the Season Pass, you will pay for new DLC's that will not come at all. Bathesda did not announce The Evil Within 2 in its conference and I have reasons to believe that they will touch it for some time. Buy when its cheap so you won't regret if it sucks for you. I hope this helps people making a good purchasing choice."
,Recommended,268050,17193806,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,J o n e x,"Quite possibly my favourite survival horror game ever. Sure it's buggy in places and the story has some weird moments, but  it overall holds together really well. It's not Resident Evil, despite the creator of Resident Evil spearheading the production. This is something I wish more people would realise, instead of criticizing it for how non-Resident Evil it is.I absolutely love the ID Tech 5 engine. The graphics in The Evil Within are among some of the strongest I've ever seen. The whole game is dripping in atmosphere and I felt completely immersed. It's also incredibly violent, and Tango Gameworks have gone to a lot of trouble to provide a AAA experience. They really captured the essence of horror and anyone who thinks otherwise clearly hasn't seen enough oldschool scary movies.It's also quite a long game. Took me 12 hours to beat the main story and there's New Game+ and a couple other interesting modes to complete. There's definitely a lot of replay value to unlock all of the hidden secrets/collectibles.I'd definitely recommend getting The Evil Within if you're a fan of horror in general. It's a challenging game, but very easy to become immersed in. Most importantly, it's fun and quite creepy. Definitely worth playing."
,Not Recommended,268050,12559588,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sunder,"Please be aware that the Negative recommendation reflects the current price point of the title and not the overall quality of the game.The Evil Within did as most well advertised games do.  It rode the hype train all the way to its release.  People boarded, they drank and ate frivolosly as they spoke of their excitement for the title amongst themselves (Myself included) But when the train arrived at a concentration camp and we were herded out to a firing line and systematically shot, we began to complain.  Is it our fault?  Of course it is, but all the blame does not fall upon us alone.  The Evil Within as a whole is not a ""Bad"" game.  Several hours of entertainment can be found within, but for those expecting to be swept up into a AAA horror look elsewhere.Poor ports seem to be the bread and butter of the porting scene.  This game, although playable, is poorly optimized for its PC consumer base. A ""widescreen"" picture (Two large horizontal black lines at the top/ bottom of the screen) that can not be removed without some small degree of tech savvy file modding) takes away from the overall gameplay.  Frame locked to any degree is a sure fire way to♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone in the PC world off, and a windowed mode that doesn't truly allow for ""Windowed mode"" are just a few things on the list of recommended things to be altered, improved, or altogether removed.Some may argue that issues arise with all games and to that I agree, to an extent.  There are simply too many variables to be able to cover all issues for all the varying degrees of hardware/software out there.  However, things like locked frames, although many say this issue is self fixable, should not be released in a AAA title with a price tag of 60 dollars.  Others will express that the fixes will come in time and to be patient.  To them I give a hearty, ♥♥♥♥ you.  Order a pizza dinner for 40 bucks have it show up three hours later and be the completely wrong order to which the proprietor of the establishment, after you are forced to call or suffer through the wrong order, tells you they will remake your order and send it out to you....most likely in another three hours.  Would you not be upset?  The concept is the same.Is The Evil Within fun?  MostlyIs it playable?  Yes.Did it make good on its promises?  It didn't make any, it's a game.Has it lived up to the ""Hype"" it received?    No.Recommendation.  Wait for it to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,268050,12650826,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Katar,"I really wanted to like The Evil Within, and for a while I did. Like most people, I got hyped up for the game by seeing TV and online advertisements and hearing about how Shinji Mikami planned take the game back to the Resident Evil 4 days. More or less, the game is basically Resident Evil 4 2.0(I'll let you decide if that's a bad thing). It uses many of the tropes and themes from Resident Evil 4 and other Resident Evil games very fequently. One of the things I noticed is that it uses the 'person crouching and they turn around and they're scary' trope from the first Resident Evil game to the point where it becomes noticable. It's almost like they were trying to recreate that scare that freaked so many gamers out but it just doesn't work because they're already so used to it now and it's already been done. If you played Resident Evil 4, you pretty much played The Evil Within.The game starts off promising enough, throwing you right into the survival horror action. The game has a pretty strong start but unfortunately starts to go downhill from there. I really wouldn't call The Evil Within a horror game, it's more like a third-person action shooter game with spooky enemies broken up by intense thriller moments. Sneaking and hiding is recommended but enemies always seem to turn around and notice you right when you're about to sneak kill them, and i think I used the hiding mechanic in the game only a handful of times. 99% of the time, going in guns blazing is the best way to get through an area or deal with a group of enemies. Another thing I would like to mention is how diffcult the game gets at points. I'm one for a challenge, but there are parts and sections of the game that just feel unfair. At points, you will run out of ammo while being chased by a group of enemies with no way to kill them(even if you used your ammo liberally), and at others Sebastian will blantaly miss headshots from 2 feet infront of him that seem impossible to miss. It becomes less of a challenge that you can complete with enough skill to something that just seems unfair and frustrating.PROS:-Fun gunplay, it feels satisfying to shoot things and cause blood to spray out everywhere.-Good pacing-Pretty intense heart pumping moments at certian sections in the game-Effects and music give off a creepy atmosphere(I especially liked The Keepers effects)CONS:-Game becomes so unfair at points that it leads to an artificial difficulty that will leave you frustrated.-Scares are predictable, and the scares it tries are overdone-Graphics are nothing to look at(this has been talked about many times before, but I was running this on a Titan Black and the graphics are extremly sub-par for a hyped up 2014 title)-Black Bar-Controls can be clumsy, Sebastian can(and will) take the slow moving ladder down when you tell him to jump off right as a enemy with a chainsaw is about to take off your head and you'll find yourself running into low rising walls that you want to jump over many times.-The Story. Stories in survival horror games are a big part of the experience for me and The Evil Within fails to deliver. Even if you collect all the notes you're left with so many loose ends and questions. The story is so cryptic and confusing and you never learn the answers for the big questions that it's really not worth following in the long run(the story is so bad that they're releasing a 2 part dlc that Explains things from Kidmans side that is supposed to clear up things and tie up the loose ends. but should you REALLY have to buy a DLC to understand the story?)-Insanity is a boring overplayed trope in horror games, and this game follows to the T the generic forumla of insanity based horror games.-The voice acting is extremly bland, actors deliver their dialog with very little emotion and it sounds out of place and laughable whenever a character tries to respond to the horror going on around him-The game went on for a little longer than it should have. A lot of the ending chapters were 'Get from part A to part B alive!'Overall, I wouldn't reccomend The Evil Within to a friend unless said friend is a horror games buff, then I would reccommend him to buy it while it's on sale. The Evil Within is a fun game, but at the same time a very flawed one that will leave you unsatisfied with what you got and wanting answers.6/10."
,Recommended,268050,16450394,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pope,"20 minutes into gameSneaking away from guy from texas chainsaw massacreHes looking the other way, now is my time to get away.Sneaking away, cant see him but I know hes thereHear chainsaw revno no no no noHear pounding footstepsno no no noHes right behind me, I have mini heart attackPause gameAlt f4Delete local contentI will come back to it later... and not at 4am. I learn from my mistakes."
,Recommended,268050,30580671,Posted: 17 March,all,Getcha' Pull,"Awesome game, much better than the latest Resident Evils... Had great times playing it and I am going to repeat the experience in hard mode. If you enjoy horror games this is a must buy."
,Recommended,268050,33917946,Posted: 30 July,all,Salty Juniper,"While this game doesn't provide much in terms of innovation, it's still a solid experience, with few noticeable flaws. None of the weapons are that interesting (besides the agony crossbow, but I'll get to that later), none of the upgrades stand out as interesting, and the main character has almost no personality. There are also some graphical issues, which I will get into more detail at the end.People who aren't confident with their PC specs should skip to the warning at the end.To offset these flaws, however, the game provides excellent rewards for exploration and creativity, as well as some really cool storytelling. In terms of rewarding exploration, the game provides loot in nearly every nook and cranny. A couple of times I even thought that I was going out-of-bounds, only to find that I was actually taking an intended course to some upgrade points. For creative gameplay, the game provides multiple entry points to locations (though these become limited in later chapters) in the form of either entering a building through the door, a window if you think there's a trap, or even skipping the building altogether. The agony crossbow is also a huge gateway to creative gameplay: you can craft several different types of arrows, such as ice, electric, explosive (which can be used as traps), and flash. Whenever I found myself in a difficult situation, I always was able to pick some type of arrow to help me get through.One of the most unexpected things the game allowed me to do was light enemies on fire. No, this is not to prevent them from reviving. Basically, whenever an enemy is stunned, dead, or playing dead, you can throw a match on them to engulf them in flames. The interesting part of this is that nearby enemies, living or dead, can catch fire and be instantly killed. What this means is that every dead or stunned enemy turns into a potential crowd-control weapon, which can obliterate a group of enemies. Sadly, I found this to be fairly unreliable, as the timing is awkward, the range is small, and it does not work for enemies that walk over the burning body; only for those already practically on top of it.My basic experience of the game was that, in the beginning, I was having a ton of fun sneaking around and exploring. The game heavily focused on stealth, there were a lot of traps to avoid, and there were multiple houses to explore which yielded tons of loot. As the game progressed, however, chances for stealth became much more rare, with the game forcing waves of enemies instead, and villages with houses were replaced with corridors with a few extra small rooms. So it was a bit disappointing for me personally, though I imagine someone who prefers linear action games will prefer the second half of the game more.That pretty much wraps up everything that I felt needed a long explanation, so I'll just make a list from here.pros:+Rewards for exploration.+Tons of journals, newspapers, etc. to collect and read.+Agony crossbow is a blast to use.+Game rewards playing ""smartly,"" such as taking things slowly, using traps to your advantage, and managing resources.+Boss designs look great, and have unique gameplay gimmicks.+Pretty cool story.+Fun new game+ rewards and achievements for gimmick playthroughs add replayability.+There's always enough of an ammo shortage to keep things tense, but never too little ammo. I think there may be an algorithm where ammo drops are more likely the less ammo you have. I wouldn't recommend this game to someone who struggles with aiming, though.cons:-The upgrades are kind of dull. You'll never look through the list of upgrades and say ""wow, that looks awesome, I have to get it!""-The ""normal"" enemies look boring. If you've never seen anything horror-related before, it might freak you out, but I don't think ""normal human with glowing eyes wrapped in barbed wire"" is a good design.-Enemy AI can be pretty dumb. They can struggle a bit with path-finding, and if they ""think"" you're sneaking nearby they won't do a good job of investigating.-They gave the enemies automatic rifles. Never give zombies modern weaponry in a horror game. Remember how everyone said the secret facility was the best part of Resident Evil 5? Me neither.-Limited graphical options. No option to reduce texture or mesh quality, and the game is prone to texture pop-in. As hinted in the first paragraph, rant on this coming up next.Warning to people with weak PCs:This game is extremely prone to texture pop-in. Basically, whenever you look away from something, the texture will de-load, and if you back away from something a lower-quality texture will replace it. This isn't an uncommon practice; many open-world games, which need to limit load screens, use tactics like this so gameplay is uninterrupted. This is the first time I've seen this constant loading and de-loading in such a linear game, though. I suppose the benefits of this is that loading screens are shorter, and there's less of them. There may be less of a RAM usage impact, too. Many players, judging by the community hub, have had problems with textures popping in far too late due to this, which can ruin cutscenes and make gameplay awkward. To prevent this, I guess you'd need a drive with a fast read-time and a good GPU.The game also includes the option for letterboxing. For those of you who don't know what letterboxing is, it basically is a method for making video output wider than the screen, by putting black bars on the top and bottom. This was often used on TV before widescreens became common, so that widescreen movies could be played on TVs with 4:3 aspect ratios. The letterboxing in this game has two effects: it changes the game to an ultra-widescreen view, and it greatly improves performance (less pixels rendered). Most people probably won't want their game to be letterboxed, however, as it can feel weird to have a blank space at the top and bottom of the screen. The reason I'm including this in the warning is that I believe the minimum and recommended specs assume players would leave letterboxing on. If you have a weak PC, you will likely be forced to keep letterboxing if you want a decent framerate.End of warning.Overall, I'd say this game isn't perfect, but there's no real reason to avoid it, either. If you're craving survival horror, but you've already played the Resident Evil and Silent Hill series, you should give this a shot.7/10, with optimism for the sequel."
76561198048420529,Recommended,268050,12816464,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ZZZQQQ,"Despite the low meta score , this game is difficult and has a complicated story.  Normal players will die a lot even in easiest difficulty.    A lot things seems doesnt make senes at first but player will understand later."" It is not hard to make a horror game, the hardest part is make it fun "" ---Shinji"
,Recommended,268050,13843765,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,-Dresden-,"A nice mix of Resident Evil and Silent Hill influences. Gameplay is very survival horror based, giving you very limited ammo and making every shot feel like it needs to count. You also need to be aware of your surroundings a lot, as there are a lot of traps about in most levels. The only bad thing I could say is that I can't help but feel it's too linear. I would've liked to see something that flows more like RE1/2.Still, it's a very good game. Pick this up if you hate where Capcom is going with RE5 and 6."
,Recommended,268050,23812108,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,charliewaffles,"I beat this game twice on the PS4, and am going for my third playthrough on PC, and I don't replay bad games. The Evil Within isn't a masterpiece like Resident Evil 4, but it's an extremely solid survival horror game in it's own right. The plot is a tad convoluted, the dialogue is neither here nor there, and the character movement is a bit on the stiff side, but the atmosphere, sound design, weapon variety, character progression and solid gunplay are enough to set The Evil Within apart. In my opinion, this is what a real survival horror game should be. TEW focuses on gameplay and atmosphere first, doesn't rely on jumpscares and isn't afraid to splatter the screen with all sorts of blood and guts, not surprising coming from famed game director Shinji Mikami. If you're a fan of Resident Evil 4, the Dead Space franchise and Mikami's previous work, I'd say The Evil Within is a no brainer.PC Port (6700k l GTX 970 l 16GB DDR4): I can't get the game to run at a solid 60fps, but that's not at all surprising, seeing as how this is an idTech 5 game. And when I used Nvidia's DSR, the game zoomed in and refused go back to the original aspect ratio. That being said, the PC version looks and runs a LOT better than the PS4 version, which can go as low as 18 fps during certain sequences. You can now remove the Letterbox format if you wish and if by some miracle of god you can get this game running at a locked 60fps, you can also remove the 30fps cap. Overall, it's not a brilliant port by any means, but it gets the job done if you have the hardware to run it."
,Recommended,268050,19578040,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Tango GameworksPublishers:Bethesda SoftworksInitial release:Oct 2014Genre:Horror, Action, TPS#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationThe Evil Within is a highly cinematic third person action/horror game. It does a great job at making you feel as though you've already played it. Just give me a moment. It feels like every game you have ever played. It's Resident Evil, it's Eternal Darkness, it's Bioshock, it's Dead Space, it's F.E.A.R. and Saw simultaneously. This is not an inherently BAD thing or ideology for game development studios to adopt. It just lacks, for want of a better term, valor.The Evil Within is fun, it's nerve racking it's... familiar; and it has all the bells and whistles of a modern “triple A” title. I enjoyed my time, I honestly like the game but there is something missing which leads me into this next bit.I'm about to rantSo ignore this next section if that's not your jamI understand that the video game industry is new and budding, at least comparatively to other forms of media; and I hate this mentality of big budget games having to be these cookie cutter pristine must follow each bullet point to the T sort of endeavors. I realize however that precisely because these big budget titles are so costly and take so much time that it is near impossible for proper business practice to try something completely off the wall.Which is why we see the rise of the indie developer; between free engines, a programmer, writer and an artist can (CAN is important) build worlds, write stories that stick with you. Things that make you think afterward. Things that make you wonder about things in a way you didn't before. Most triple A games today are fun, they work, they give you a nice good happy fun time. But for me; these experiences are fleeting. As with going out to the theater, you've spent a lot more time and money than it took to watch at home and yet what you end up taking away from the experience of seeing the film is more likely; who you saw at the theater, how the traffic was and why was that person laughing so loud.What I mean to say is nothing new is emerging for triple A games. They have become this amorphous cloud of I already know what this is but I'm going to do it anyways and pretend its new sentiment.Anyways back on point.*ends rant*The Evil Within is a very enjoyable game. You collect green gel, which I lovingly referred to as brain juice the entire game, which can be spent at a very ominous chair reminiscent of the early days of studying mental health.The game is broken into chapters. And there is a recurring theme with looking into a mirror with what I can only describe is a very eerie and ironic song that through playing the game you'll come to find solace in as it transports you to a land where you can save, upgrade and unlock any special lockers with keys you can find hidden throughout the game. Be it, often at the expense of experiencing a psychotic episode. You also get this very rad crossbow that you can construct different types of ammo for such as trap bolts, freeze bolts and some regular♥♥♥♥♥exploding bolts.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=571691571THE GISTAll in all, this game is exactly what you think it is and that's not a bad thing. You get to shoot, burn, explode, eviscerate, punch and claw your way through zombie hordes (or maybe not zombies?) and places designed to make your skin crawl. You just might not remember anything specific about what you did after it's all over.Follow my curation for more"
,Not Recommended,268050,13349362,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mr. Fury,"So let me clarify my reasoning for the negative review.  While there were points that I did enjoy this game, I can't recommend it for the following reasons.1.	The control mechanics were subpar.  I understand the intent behind the mechanics was to instill a feeling of fear and anxiety, the execution of those controls really instilled more of a feeling of frustration.  There were several points in the game where my projectile (be it bullet or crossbow bolt) appeared to hit the mark dead on, but caused no damage.In addition to the shoddy aiming mechanics, the stealth component of the game was extremely hit or miss.  There were points at which an enemy would look at you dead on and not see you, but then other times when you were completely hidden the enemy would become alerted.Also there were platform components of the game that were extremely frustrating as the fixed camera angle made it almost impossible to avoid the various trip wires and enemies in some areas.2.	The second and most frustrating component of the game was the inconsistent difficulty.  In some cases you are not meant to defeat the boss but rather evade it.  But in other cases you are meant to defeat the boss.  This inconsistency lead to some very frustrating checkpoints in the game.  Also the boss battles seemed (in some cases) frustratingly difficult compared to the difficulty of the game overall.3.	Finally the story was just okay.  There were no “HOLY CRAP THAT WAS SCARY” moments nor were there any parts of the game that were particularly tense.  With a pedigree like Shinji Mikami I did expect more.So if this is on a particularly good sale I would not discourage picking it up, but be aware of the fact you are in for about 8 hours of fairly mediocre game play with about 4 hours of frustration."
,Not Recommended,268050,18271515,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Vash(88),"This is going to be a long review. for this game was longer than I expected, had a deeper story than I expected, and had more flaws than I expected.The game deals with a massive case of identity crisis.  Is it a horror?  Is it stealth? Is it a slasher movie gone video game? Is it a shooter?  By the end of the game, I was not sure.  It's like the Frankenstein's monster of video games.To start out, I will give praise where praise is due.  The game delivers many dark and creepy segments of game-play and rarely uses jump scares.  The sound effects are eerie, dark, ominous and nauseating at times.  They add a lot to the atmosphere of the game.  The devs also use the plot to dish out some trippy reality shifting moments that will leave you  blinking and stunned.Some of the monster designs were spooky and can make your skin crawl.   Not all of them were original, but a lot of effort did go into that part of the game, and it shows.The balance of skills and ammo is done well, but some of the skills feel either pointless, or like they shouldn't have been upgradable skills in the first place -- Like the fact that your character can't sprint for more than TWO seconds without upgrades.The story, like the game-play, feels pieced together from a host of other games and leaves you scratching your head at the end with some unexplained and out of place last minute scenes that are thrown at you as the game is ending.  I understand that some of the questions are answered in the DLC, but that feels like a cheap way to get people to buy the content.  The story is too convoluted to cover in the review, but the vibe that I got is that the devs wanted free range to do whatever they wanted in the game... and they do!Unfortunately, after the first hour or so of game-play, it was clear that many flaws were being hidden behind an ocean of blood and a promising start.  The way the devs use the plot to implement any crazy thought that entered their minds has me wondering if they all gathered in a room the first day, and the lead dev said ""Okay people.  Here's a bucket; here's a stack of paper.  Everyone start writing chaotic and bloody ideas and put them in the bucket!  Don't you dare hold back!  I want an ocean of blood!  I want giant brains!  I want giant eyeballs!  I want gory, slasher like monster!  I want CoD moments that have no place in the mix!  I want the worst melee combat you can come up with!  I want a random driving segment that lasts three seconds!  I want floating hummers with heavy machine guns!  I want chainsaws!  I want poorly made invisible enemies that we only use for ten minutes!  I want stealth!  I want you to forget about the stealth five minutes later!"" and that is how this game was born.The characters aren't the worst I have seen in a video game, but they are a far-cry from believable.  The main character is an emotionless meat sack that brushes off the mental stress of human meat-lockers and fountains of blood like it's just another day at work.  The character interactions are mostly dull and don't do a whole lot for the game accept keep it moving.  There are some serious face slapping one-liners in this game.The part that made this game so hard for me to enjoy is the fact that evey time I thought ""this might be cool!"" the game ruins it with clunky game-play, bad pacing, poor character development, and just outright sloppiness by the devs that made some segments unnecessarily frustrating.The game is worth s squirt when its on a solid sale.  Otherwise, I would recommend looking elsewhere.   There are  better horror games on the market; there are better 3rd person shooters; there are better stealth rpgs.  This game wants to be all of them, but fails on all three levels in the end.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=524578178"
76561197998231309,Recommended,268050,12755627,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kitty Maid,"Aside from some technical issues, it is an extremely well done and fun game!Eternal Darkness + Resident Evil 4 + a little bit of Silent Hill = The Evil Within!"
,Recommended,268050,22889793,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,virotti,"I've finished the game on Survival (normal difficulty) after 29 hours. Here are my thoughts:Difficulty: The game's difficulty is average to difficult, but never unfair (the game gives you enough resources and messing up does not mean you'll have to restart from an earlier save).Graphics: playing this on Ultra, I was impressed and took many pictures of some really nice things I saw in the game. The game has many high points, with very nice light and dark scenes. The only con is the ""cut and paste"" of some models, which break the immersion.Sound: I've played many of this game's quieter moments with my earphone, and I was really impressed. Amazing sound design, which makes you feel like you are playing a horror movie in the game's more stealth-oriented sections.Gameplay: RE4 with some limitations, so you cannot fight like a soldier. You can use melee, but it is not effective for killing the enemies. You get some upgrades that, when used well, really make the difference, but running and using the environment is the key to survival, as the enemies are a lot more aggressive than in other games of the genre.Story: Not too original, you'll feel like you are riding in a nightmare, but the pieces will make sense in time, especially if you play the DLC (I'm still playing the second DLC, but I can tell they really add meaning to the story).Some complaints: copied assets (as mentioned above), dying fast because of powerful enemies, action sequences are a bit overused so you lose a bit the horror vibe to get a more action-oriented feeling.Overall: 10/10, Essential game in any true gamer's library, especially if you enjoy survival horror games!"
,Recommended,268050,14305980,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Celgaming,"How it was sold""From the makers of Resident Evil""-was the tag line this game was advertised with. That puts a heavy shadow over this game as a result and I believe it works against it. It's not a tagline that would get me to buy a copy as I'm not a big fan of where the Resident Evil series has evolved into, however I am a fan of the classic RE series.As you play The Evil Within it becomes obvious they haven't gone far from their previous projects as ""the makers of Resident Evil"" and The Evil Within is like the new kid that has a big brother looming over him called Resident Evil, that it tries to emulate and copy from while awkwardly doing it's own thing.This doesn't mean it lacks in originality, but it's hard to call this game original at all since it borrows from so many sources and horror clichés and it's hard not to roll your eyes while playing it if you play a lot of horror games or if you watch horror movies. This might be because the current horror gaming genre is over saturated by pretty bad games but what The Evil Within does try very hard to is scare you which is something it's big brother Resident Evil stopped trying to do years ago.GameplayIt plays like a generic third person shooter with massive influences taken from another third person horror shooter: The Last Of Us, down to collecting random scrap to create ammo and trying to sneak up on the monsters for instant kills. Monsters in this game are durable and gameplay is a mix between sneaking and ""aim for the head and hope it dies"".Most monsters are identical in how they fight you with minor differences in their patterns, as such the gameplay can get boring quite quickly. You go into a stage, scavenge for ammo, waste it instantly (even perfect headshots won't be enough) on a few monsters, then struggle with stealth to survive if the stage allows it and repeat that all over in the next stage.You can upgrade your characters attributes with the ""green goo"" you get from random monsters or find around stages by injecting it into your brain. Upgrade types are straight out of Resident Evil from shorter reload times to 10% critical increase for kills on headshots etc. and it does allow you to customize your gameplay a little, but mainly it becomes obvious it doesn't matter a hell of a lot since you cannot buy ammo at all and that shotgun you upgraded might not get any ammo drops on the next stage making all those points spent upgrading it moot. The only weapon worth upgrading is the crossbow and it's bolts as it's the only one that you can make ammo for.The only unique twist to the combat is the use of matches as ""finishers"" that are limited but sadly it becomes an awkward mechanic as most if not all monsters get up too quickly for you to utilize it. However matches are limited and I liked the added pressure for the player to have to choose which bodies he felt were worthy of burning. Cool idea but feels wasted.Boss fights in this game are also very cookie cutter ""find the pattern"" or ""weak point"" and shoot it. The monster designs are of another matter and I'll get to that a bit later. Most boss fights either waste all your ammunition or leave way too obvious ways for you to kill them like brightly coloured red barrels.The last thing I'll mention in gameplay are the cheap instant deaths. There are a lot of them such as trip wires hidden under water you can't see, spike traps that you couldn't notice, monsters instant killing you while off screen etc. there are a lot of ""well that was cheap"" moments and as far as the controls go they don't help. The PC version of this game lacks good localization and moving around feels very clunky at best. Menus are a pain to move in and the inventory system seems hastily made for the PC version. Expect to be frustrated with the controls if you don't own a controller.Graphics / presentationThis game is pretty. It has all the luxuries of a ""next gen"" game in terms of lens flares, texture animation, physics and screen filters. It is a pretty looking console game and the PC version does offer 60 FPS and anti aliasing. The god awful top and lower bars are gone from the console version since you can just toggle them off and overall it's a nice looking game. The only minor thing that will only a few is the texture pop in. It's a half a second blurriness every time the camera changes scenes during cut scenes and can take you out of it but shouldn't bother most.The game has some pretty awesome looking monster designs and segments that feel very like mini Micheal Bay movies. ""Destruction porn"" is the closest thing I can describe it as. It has some really interesting environments and visuals apart from a few areas at the end of the game that feel shoehorned in for a few fights but over all this game had some good visual artists working on it.StoryIt copies from Inception heavily and adds in typical Japanese fantasy type villains and the main protagonist feels empty and void of any character. His favourite catch phrase is &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and that should tell you a lot. The very few other characters are also very bland and uninteresting, and most if not all plot elements are pretty much explained in tapes and cut scenes in very bland ways leaving nothing for player interpretation, and the twists in story are very easy predict.The voice acting has a lot to be desired and many lines are delivered with no passion and it takes you right out of the moment. It is comparable to anime dubbing where most of the ""acting"" is just grunts and sighs and heavy breathing then as dry as you can be line deliveries.The main characters whole background is littered in journals around the games ""save points"" and it plays no role in the actual cut scenes or arch of the main story, which leaves a bitter taste for anyone who actually searches horror games for interesting stories.The whole story is fixated on the subject of psychology and horrors, but it is just a bad attempt at putting those two elements together and thinking this is what makes a good psychological horror game. It does not. Most horrors in this game are just cheap jump scares, loud noises and gore, gore, gore and gore. Nothing is really scary for a veteran of horror games and the game does very little in terms of advancing the genre but then again I don't think that's what it's trying.It IS trying to scare you WITH a horror story about psychology but this does not make it a psychological horror. The makers of this game fill in as many cliché horror elements as they can and it feels like canned horror much as everything else in the industry and I think this is what they wanted, to sell it.The fact that it's third person doesn't help it either plus the main character is void of any real life human reactions to the terrors he sees and all you'll ever him say is ""what the ♥♥♥♥"" or &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; while he runs away. The only moments it feels like the main character is scared is in his breathing, which will take you aback as he's pretty much sold as a bad♥♥♥♥♥in cut scenes and then suddenly he's breathing like a sissy in another.Scary the game isn't, an interesting story it doesn't have but it really does try. I get this feeling there must've been some limitations while making this game. It is far more a horror game than Resident Evil series is, which stopped trying to scare the player. The Evil Within tries and it might actually scare some of your squeamish friends.I still recommend itFor sure! It's not a bad game by any stretch and has some interesting visuals. It isn't a genre reformer and I don't think it tries to be. It's a horror game for the masses that dips its' head into the jar of ideas and copies a lot from other sources and then slams together a sandwich of a game with a bit of everything. It lacks heavily in originality, story, gameplay and horror but it's all in all a very... mediocre game. Not bad, not good, just bland."
76561198085185252,Recommended,268050,32242632,Posted: 7 June,all,The Scary Cow,"The sequel is coming out so I thought I would update my review. This game is super divisive. You either love it or hate it from what I gather, but for the life of me i have no idea why. What everyone was expecting was a follow-up to Resident Evil 4 and that is exactly what we got. Yeah this game was little (lot) more linear, but the gameplay was almost beat for beat exactly the same. Limited ammo, lots of fun guns, a level which takes place outside a castle, lots of gross gory slimy enemies, a level that takes place in a village full of gross angry stabby villagers, and lots of other stuff. The only thing that was missing from RE4 in this game was the inventory management and I honestly don't think it would have worked in this. As for the people complaining that this game isn't scary, shut up. Of course it isn't, it's a followup to RE4. RE4 is one of the goofiest games ever. Leon was a goofy sarcastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who would roudhouse and suplex all the slimy zombie guys, all while keeping his hair perfectly permed. Sebastian is not as memorable as Leon, but the story inherets Leon's goofiness and uses it to create some of the most rediculously awesome setpieces in gaming.I like this game. I like it a lot.It's ok if you don't like it, I don't like lots of things.But is this game a 68 on metacritic? No.This game is at least a solid 80, I would probably give it more.I like it more than RE4.I'm sorry."
76561197995700015,Recommended,268050,32775596,Posted: 25 June,all,Tien,"The Positives:- ENVIRONMENT. Creepy, intense and downright beautiful.- SOUND. 10/10 for the Sound department. Much better with a gaming headset as against speakers.- Gameplay Mechanics. Especially the upgrade system.- Content. Long, satisfying campaign with New Game + and replay value.- Enemy types. I like that they added a bunch of interesting enemies rather than having just generic, cannon fodder ones.- Port. Had issues at launch but most of them have been resolved including the dreadful letterbox/black bars. I didn't experience any bugs or frame rate drops.The Negatives:- Average Story- Uninteresting/dull characters- A.I is all over the place. Sometimes it works like a charm otherwise its downright dumb. Breaks immersion.- Lack of FOV settings. You can adjust that using third party plugins but should have been in the game.Verdict:The Evil Within is truly an UNDERRATED game IMHO. Its not GOTY material but its fun enough for me to go back and play it a second time."
76561198076472166,Not Recommended,268050,12567026,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Discreet Shart,"The real evil within is the amount of times this game:1) crashes2) deletes saves3) resets FPS to bog-standard 304)doesn't allow you past a certain point without lagging5) again, crashesI would recommend this game if Bethesda had actually tested it before releasing it on Steam.  It simply isn't optimal to play on steam.  It's a pity because it actually wiped my file on chapter 11 so i just deleted it because it's not worth the amount of stress.  Dare i say this, but if you are considering buying this game, then you should... but on a console.  Seriously."
76561198166620870,Recommended,268050,34490134,Posted: 25 August,all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"The Evil Within is probably my favorite horror game ever... even more so than Alien: Isolation and Alan Wake. What are we getting here? If you like Horror movie, you know the name Shinji Mikami. This is Makami's best work since RE4. It's almost everything we could want in a horror game.Performance: I'm testing this game on my travel build which utilizes the nVidia 860m gtx with 2gb Vram. Keep in mind that this is a low-end laptop gpu and you know what? I'm getting 60fps with FXAA, reflections on and shadows at medium, motion blur is off. The game is absolutely beautiful.There is a high variety of locales, there are many types of enemies to fend off and great villains that you'll really fall in love with. Pyramid Head move over, Box Head is here. Alma get out, Laura has bested you. Gladus is obsolete, Stem is the new.Playing this game on the Xbox One when it first came out was like someone had made a game featuring parts of all my favorite horror films and making them better with interesting characters. The vibe here is Resident Evil meets Silent Hill. There's science but there's also paranormal and even some time travel (flashback) type stuff.$4.99 for the game is a steal considering how much content is there in the base game. $8.74 is even better because the dlc is actually very well made.What would I say negative about this game? Maybe is that it borrows too much from other games, the aspect ratio of fov and maybe the controls could be weird sometimes. I think those are the only flaws here.This i the RE5 we always wanted but never got. How is it more RE than RE Revelations? Idk but it definitely is without a doubt. When I saw it on sale I decided to buy it on pc because it's that good.If anything, buy this game for Halloween which will be here shortly anyways. It may not be ""scary"" like Outlast but it's quite the satisfying experience once you get past the first 3-4 chapters which are just tutorial chapters again.The most underrated gem of 2014 deserves your attention!"
76561198082270587,Recommended,268050,33253171,Posted: 4 July,all,Mechabytez,It's like Resident Evil and Silent Hill had a baby and raised it to take over the family business.
,Recommended,268050,26033374,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Isador,I can only recommend this game.Lots of guns and enemies to have fun with!DLC that will fill gaps in the story and one where you can have brutal fun.Characters are fine but kinda stupid sometimes.Akumu difficulty! Thats the real fun! I died only 516 times on Akumu. Can you beat me? ;)Enjoy it!
,Recommended,268050,29547495,Posted: 28 January,all,Xmeagol [ZF],It's what resident evil 5 and 6 should have been
,Not Recommended,268050,12485389,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,nator295,"I was looking forward to this game, but as soon as I hit play I was disappointed. The aspect ratio is way off and to put matters worse my FPS still dips even with the 30FPS lock. What I find really funny is even if I try to unlock the FPS its still staying around 30 FPS AND still dips below that! That should not be possible with a Radeon R9 290X, I can run Crysis 3 on average of 80FPS and that puts The Evil Within graphics to shame.Added Note: This is strictly a performance review, I figured we would all be smart enough to realise that but I guess only some caught on. That out of the way after more testing it would appear my FPS was struggling only when I'm outside but as soon as I went indoors everything was where it should be, about 80-100FPS and I'm ok with that. I notice though my game would randomly lock up for a few seconds and everything would be fine after until it locked up again but it is a new game and that can be expected to happen on release.Now just to make those who wanted more than just a performance review happy, I did play through chapter 1 with the recommended aspect ratio and it did seem like I was watching and playing a more interactive movie approach, which was interesting. However atleast through chapter 1, I didn't feel like I was getting immersed into the story of the game, maybe because I didn't feel like I had any full control on my movement. The story doesn't really make since, atleast not right now in the early game but so far it feels like I'm watching a cheesy horror flick where one minute I'm injured but the next scene I'm fine?After reading through some comments and gave more thought to it, I recommend to tread carefully with purchasing this game. If steam had a third recommendation option I would have chose that one but alas they don't so I'm still sticking with not recommending. Since I've only played through the first chapter I have regained some hope for this game and hoping the story starts to make more sense and maybe even become immersive.  We shall see."
,Recommended,268050,12492515,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Vampyri,"Greetings!  Welcome to my review of The Evil Within.   I don't generally post reviews before completing a game, but if you're anything like me you enjoy reading what other intelligent gamers like yourself have to say about something before plunking down that AAA cash.  Grab a drink and snack, we have some ground to cover.I noticed while reading through initial reviews marked ""most helpful"" that all of the negative reviews seem to discuss a couple of similar points, so we'll start there.  The aspect ratio, or should I say THE ASPECT RATIO!!!!11  seems to fuel the majority of these negative feelings.  TEW utilizes a 2:35:1 cinematic aspect ratio.  I didn't find it to be an issue at all, but I do believe that the size of your screen and your relative distance from it could play a part in your personal enjoyment of the game.  On a larger screen or a small screen right in front of you it creates a mild sense of claustrophobia and panic, even in outdoor areas.  Given that the aspect ratio was discussed at length multiple times on a variety of forums before the game was released, I didn't feel at all surprised by it.  Furthermore, as everyone currently playing the game had access to the same information before release, negative reviews based on the aspect ratio should be taken with a grain of salt.  The ""black bars"" efffect isn't something that everyone will like or appreciate, but ignorance is never a good reason for a negative opinion.Not to be outdone by aspect ratio negativity, that old favorite frame rate rears it's head in a multitude of reviews as well.  Out of the box, TEW is locked to 30fps.  It runs smoothly at 30fps and feels like you're watching a horror movie from the 80s.  The preivews and interviews I read leading up to release did not mention that it would be set to 30fps in the PC version specifically, so I can understand the frustration with the frame rate a bit more than the aspect ratio.  I would suggest playing the game initially as presented, but Bethesda has already posted a concise guide on how to alter the frame rate and the aspect ratio via the console if you so choose:http://forums.bethsoft.com/topic/1508646-debug-console-commands/All standard disclaimers apply to utilizing the console.  It may impact your playing experience negatively as it is not a officially supported way to play the game.  That being said, Bethesda does plan to fix glitches associated with playing the game at 60fps in the future.Let's now move on to ""optimization"".  The phrases ""poorly optimized"" and ""well optimized"" are thrown around so much they mean very little.  Without an explanation all I hear is ""it doesn't run well on my computer"" or ""it runs well on my computer"".  These opinions are important as they give a statistical point of comparision.  It does need to be pointed out however, that based on how the information is presented to you the source(s) may have no idea what they're talking about.  TEW runs well on a variety of systems.  I've had the opportunity to test it on three different computers and with some setting changes it ran at a steady 30fps on all three.   I consider the game to be well optimized not because it runs well, but because it can be adjusted and runs well on very different computers.  I did adjust the frame rate to 60fps on a PC utilizing an Nvidia 800 series card and other than some minor animation and pop up issues experienced no problems at all despite it being currently unsupported.  Keep in mind you will need a powerful rig to ""max"" the settings and run the game at higher than 30fps.  This should go without saying, but I will say it anyway: Update your video card drivers BEFORE you start playing the game.  If you are going to be playing TEW on a laptop with an Nvidia card and Nvidia Optimus, create a new profile for the game in the nividia control panel BEFORE you start playing.  This will eliminate the most common startup issues with TEW.Everyone still with me?  Good.  If anyone would like more detailed information on the computers TEW was tested on and the settings used to achieve the test results, please drop me a line.Okay, on to the fun stuff.  TEW is a brutal but loving tribute to a survival horror era gone by.  If it was released in 2004 instead of 2014 I believe it would have been a game of the year nominee.  It looks alot like a Silent Hill game and plays like a Resident Evil 4/The Last Of Us greatest hits mash-up.  If you long for the PS2 era of survival horror games this game was made for you.  The environments are a sight to behold, disturbing and beautiful in equal measure.  The gore level is intense without being ridiculous.  The enemies you face are detailed and terrifying.  The sound effects and score set the tone very well.  The controls are tight and feel very natural with a controller.  The only thing that pulled me out of the experience was the other human characters that you interact with on occasion.  The textures and voices for these characters really don't fit with the look and feel of the rest of the game, and the effect is jarring.  This was most noticable to me in the opening cut scene conversation.  The feeling of hit and miss textures and voice acting is a fleeting one though, you will spend most of your time killing or being killed by some of the most detailed nightmares in gaming.To answer what is in my opinion the most important question about any game, TEW is a great deal of fun to play.  The scare tactics used aren't original, but they are varied and used to great effect throughout.  If you enjoy horror games The Evil Within is absolutely a must play.  9/10EDIT: It has been brought to my attention that although the aspect ratio is said to be 2:35:1 it actually is not.  Al informed me of this (Thank you Al!) and I have verified it.  The game is locked to 16:9 with letterboxing (or pillarboxing if you prefer) when played on a 21:9 monitor."
,Recommended,268050,32224555,Posted: 6 June,all,Næmø,"It's less scary than it is fun. Which for sure isn't a bad thing. Had some good fun with my playthrough, would recommend for some cheap spoops and some pretty fun gameplay. I'm a sucker for the upgrade mechanics in this game.I feel it's necessary to also explain that I've beaten the game on the xbone and attempted a second playthrough on steam. So that's why the hours on my profile don't reflect on my review.The game is pretty rough to get into a second time because you know how long the game drags you along the ""opening sequence"" which is ♥♥♥♥ing tedious for a good hour or so. The game doesn't start until the first chapter is over which isn't very good game design.Still a really fun game past that though."
,Recommended,268050,34386726,Posted: 20 August,all,Boomstick Mick,"Some of my favorite youtubers have cast a rather negative shadow on this game. Personally, I like it. It reminded me of Resident Evil four with its third person action-oriented gameply coupled with its survival/horror puzzle solving elements. I will admit that I was a little annoyed with all the one hit kill cliches that the player would have no idea how to avoid on their first playtrhough. If you can get passed that however, the game is pretty solid. It controls well, the characters are interesting, the dialogue is believable, and there exists a scarcity of ammo and resources that provide a decent survival/horror experience. I'm currently in the middle of my second playthrough, and I'm enjoying the hell out of it now that I know how to play and what to expect. I'm looking forward to the sequal being relesed in October."
,Not Recommended,268050,12486305,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,goka9696,"Plotline is non-existent (similar, but not the same, to bioshock infinite, but where bioshock infinite used alternativy realities this one uses random memories from people's minds (mostly of main antagonist).The game plays just like Resident Evil 4, and not in the good way. This one forgot everything that was good but multiplied everything that was bad. Stealth is almost non-existent, you  can pass a few moments, but for the most part (I blame the camera) it's clunky and unresponsive. What about shooting parts? Of course they send a horde from Serious Sam at you, except that you either have no ammo, your weapons are too weak or you're bleeding to death. Oh and shooting is horrible, especially since the bullets don't come out of the weapon, but from the crosshair (you know, mafira 2 and some other games used this system too). So if you are on low hp and an enemy is point-blank to you, unless you have a shotgun or the game suddenly goes to 60 fps for you you are dead.If you want to play this game, just go and get Resident evil 4 HD here on steamhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/254700/Oh and just in case if somebody thinks that this game is beautiful and long and stuff and I didn't even finish it:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=326644291Edit: Ironically, the black borders/60 fps official fix actually made game even worse. Why? Because you can see that the game was supposed to run with black borders for the *authentic* experience. Without them it feels even worse. 60 fps is ok, but again, it's possible to complete it with 30 fps, so no big deal.Review stays the same"
76561198027058158,Recommended,268050,29792180,Posted: 8 February,all,Artifact217,"I feel like I have to write this review after seeing how much hate this game recieved from gamers and reviewers.I also played all 3 DLCs and got the fighting chance pack (no I did not preorder). I bought this game when it was on sale for roughly 15 dollars. After doing everything possible in the game, I can tell you that THIS GAME iS VERY WELL MADE. It is more of a tribute to every famous horror game out there.It seems that most haters are those people who wanted this game to be a jumpscare horror game that also resembled Resident Evil (4 in this case). Yes I agree this game is not scary, however it does give you an uneasy feeling going through the levels which are rewarding and not repetative. Further more like Resident Evil, it is a SURVIVAL HORROR FIRST. Let's face it those people who are constantly praising RE4 (I'm one of them) and hating this game, don't seem to realize that RE4 had the exact same ""problems"" as this game; it was also not scary, more adventurous, with lots of unerving elements, and somewhat questionalbe dialogue and AI. I for one think this game went in a better direction because it eliminated ""funny"" cringe-worthy one-liners that RE4 had.As for the plot (which appears to be the second main reason people hate this game), honestly I had no trouble analysing the plot. Yes, it is confusing, and cliche at times, but the more you think about it the more it makes sence. Look at the main plots from RE series or even Silent Hill series; they are also confusing as hell most of the time. My advise for those who have trouble with the plot, just look at from this perspective: You play as the detective Castellanos, therefore you only see what he sees, no one is going to hold your hand so that you will understand whats going on. It is very difficult to make a strong plot for any game, and Horror games are the most difficult to come up with a good plot.All and all, do not let bad reviews discurage you from playing this game."
,Recommended,268050,23330386,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Drayuu,"If you love WTF situations, WTF stories and WTF monsters, this game is for you.It\'s a mind ♥♥♥♥, so expect your mind to be ♥♥♥♥ed.The STORY: It\'s probably not the best, but it\'s a nice one. Takes time to understand what\'s going on, where you are, where you go. But eventually I ended up loving it.The COMBAT: You need a decent computer to play this. I had to upgrade my old♥♥♥♥♥♥to be able to play without any lag. I had no issue then, everything was fluid, beautiful and complex. You upgrade your brain...to upgrade your weapon. It\'s a mind ♥♥♥♥ game remember? The green goo is your friend. You can craft, upgrade some weapons, abilities, ammunitions. I really enjoyed that. Combat system itself is efficient, you can hide, stealth and you are human...you can\'t have a ridiculous amount of ammunitions with you, which makes the game more interesting tactic-wise. You wait for the right moment to shoot, etc.The GRAPHICS: I really love them. The explosion of zombies, blood and brains can look ridiculous but I don\'t care. I freaking love it. I love the monsters, I love the creepy areas, I love the gore effects, I love the traps.I am scared quite easily if I set up the right mood, and I had a bunch of scares and heart race while playing the game. Streaming it live did help getting scared even more sometimes!I will play it again in a while, and hopefully I\'ll forget most of it so I can enjoy it a second time!"
76561198037102458,Not Recommended,268050,12485892,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Fat Val,"UPDATE:::I sumbitted ticket to Steam, and to my surprise, was granted a refund to my steamwallet within 20 minutes. Wow!I suggest others do the same if they feel these problems warrant it.Thank you Steam for quick response.......Below is my original review:Absolute garbage, stupid black bars mean your only getting about 50% of your screen with video, ridiculous. i cant believe i was suckered into paying money foir this crap, Extremely unsatisfied, want my money back!!!!!!!!!!!!*****To all those whining about my review, it is obvious you don't work for your money, and are probably throwing away someone else's. This is simple, I should not have to enter console commands to get the game running in a correct resolution. Secondly, I have an ultra wide monitor with native 21:9 aspect ratio. So you think would look great, and fit, but in reality, not only are there the black bars on the top and bottom, but also on the sides. That is unacceptable. I read reviews ahead of time, I spend my money wisely. I buy a lot of games from steam. But never been so disappointed.yes, enter console commands, but really, every time.....some of us work for a living, and don't care to recode when I have 5 minutes to play. And a game that was built for 21:9 aspect ratio, can't even display correctly on a 21:9 monitor. Explain that. And yes, my review was short and to the point, didn't realize you needed it spoon fed to you. Unfortunately, I've tried to complain to steam, but they don't even have the game listed as an option to submit a ticket?? So, bottom line, game isn't worth a cent.This is perfect example of a crap port, where no effort was put forth to ensure PC gamers have acceptable ability to conform to their own PC.Btw, borderlands pre sequel? Worked like a champ in 21:9 all on its own. That's 2560 x 1080 for you who don't know. Renders perfectly. No commands, or special third party programs necessary. Works perfect out the box, figuratively.Why should I expect anything different here? Same amount of money. Just a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, with♥♥♥♥♥♥support.Sad to say, because I used to like Bethesda.Oh well, I know I'll never see a penny back from this, so it'll be shelved to collect dust, while I play a real game worth playing.See ya on :2: ♥♥♥♥♥esUPDATE:::I sumbitted ticket to Steam, and to my surprise, was granted a refund to my steamwallet within 20 minutes. Wow!I suggest others do the same if they feel these problems warrant it.Thank you Steam for quick response"
,Not Recommended,268050,12485914,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Dakeyraz,"This review will be quick : Don't even bother with this game.The game ratio of 2.35 : 1 is a freaking pain in your eyes.But it gets worse.The game graphics would be good if not for the freaking overabuse ofgraphical filters.It's like you're see a game's instragram slideshow through a letterbox.That. Is . ♥♥♥♥ing. Stupid.If it still wasn't enough, the characters movements are clunky at best.Ennemies are everything but scary, since you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥with theaforementionned graphics.Keep away from this game forever."
,Not Recommended,268050,12486609,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Guybrush Dingleberry,"I rarely buy games. I figure that you should spend money on games that are (or in this case, seem to be) good in order to help with creating more good games in the future.Seems like i was wrong.Unfortunately i paid 60€ for this piece of unoptimized garbage.  It runs like a paraplegic XBOX 360-port & looks worse than an unmodified version of watch_dogs. Suff like glitching through water, falling in to a puddle of blood only to be completely clean by the time you get up or suddenly suffer a epileptic lag-shock which renders you motion-sick.It's sad to see how things have become, where quantity in terms of titles and formats are far mor important than overall quality..TL;DRButthurt that hyped game wasn't as good as expected. Paid too much money for something that didn't deliver."
76561198002595689,Not Recommended,268050,12486287,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Dizzy (Binary),"Performance issues and bugs galore. Even beneath it all, the game is AVERAGE at BEST."
,Recommended,268050,28944983,Posted: 2 January,all,DoomGuy,Silent Hill + Resident Evil 4 = (Silent Evil 4 : The Evil Within) that is this game. BUY IT RIGHT NOW
76561198030889625,Recommended,268050,12720736,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mr. Yeti,"Let me just start by saying that I am a huge fan of the horror genre. That being said in the department of horror I was expecting this game to scare me, alas I was disappointed in that sense. However, I did enjoy the game very much so. It had a very interesting story with alot to be desired. Which if you enjoy games like silent hill that leave much to the imagination you will not be disapointed there. Akumu mode is unbelievebly (sometimes unfairly) challenging and was a great test of perserverence (which I greatly enjoyed being a souls fan). Other than that if you are looking for an RE4 type style then I would def. say give this one a chance."
,Recommended,268050,12783664,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,xytraz,"Regardless of few playtime I must say im very pleased about this game, and it lived up to its expectations.And most of that was the scary parts.The game is kinda sick and twisted, not something Ive found in another game in this genre.So to scare myself, I always log into the game. When everything home is lit off, and speakers with superb sound is blocking out every other sound besides the game.And it works. I would never recommend this game to be played while the light of day is current, and You might just need to burn some time for something else you might be waiting for.Its sad to see that the games metascore is low,You who might like RE4, will for certain love this game as well."
,Recommended,268050,32247108,Posted: 7 June,all,AWP-ortunistic Ki11,"I remember when this game first came out.Way back when my PS4 was still new and exciting. I bought it back then based on the hype and that it would be the scariest game ever. It had its moments of suspense and a decent number of jump and non jump scares.. but with the the forced tunnel vision and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ POV on the console (thank god its not this way on pc) the game was more exhausting than fun. My first playthrough left me not wanting to play games at all for a while.The good: the soundtrack, level design, the voice acting is somewhat comical, resident evil mansion makes a comeback, torching dead bodies, interesting enemies.the bad: exhausting amount of running around/ stealth crouching and attempting to look around corners, shi t point of view, sebastien shoots guns like a little girl and has no aim, he swings punches like a biotch too. low frames per second even on pc.the ugly: invisible enemies. wtf. the dlc isnt really that interesting.but all in all its a great game worth playing for the first few chapters anyway, the story will cause serious mindfuxing... you will literally hate that kid leslie that youre following by the 3rd or 4th time you see him you will literally be 'losing your mind..losing your mind, losing your mind losing your mind'7/10"
76561198049649537,Recommended,268050,21017463,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SoulPotato,"Evil Within is good horror game which i have played after a very long time  . Some of the good and the bad points i found in this game are -The good ones -1)The atmosphere of the game is the best thing about the game , feeling of tension and anxiety is well maintained throughout the game2)Amount of gore and blood3)Pretty intense boss fights4)Challenging5)Some memorable bosses like Laura and Box head :P6)The graphics are well......ok7)Pretty interesting and good storyline , good enough to get you hooked to the game till the endNow , the bad ones -1)The port is somewhat messy2)Some people may find graphics to be outdated3)Some chapters can be very frustating in higher difficulties (Only if you are a completionist )Overall , a good under-rated survival horror game that I would love to recommend  to any horror addict (8/10)"
,Recommended,268050,22524877,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jestyr22,"Overall? A fun game. Admittidly a fairly confusing story for some, but the gameplay (In my opinion at least) more than makes up for it. I grew to like the characters (Especially Leslie and his little hobble) and really got into the game. The boss fights for the most part were challenging enough that it wasn't an easy fight, yet it was still very much enjoyable. The final fight though? Didn't live up to my expectations, truth be told. I died 129 times in my first playthrough, and only one of those times was to the final boss, Amagamation (If I recall correctly). In terms of replayability? Well one of the first things I did after finishing The Executioner was restart the game in New Game+ mode, mainly to work on 100%'ing the achievements but hey, we all have our reasons. The DLCs, for the most part weren't my cup of tea. I didn't get this game for a stealth experience, as in The Assignment and The Consequence, however I really, really did enjoy the slaughterfest that was The Executioner. The story for the DLCs I would say, is better than the main game itself, but that's just a matter of opinion.For a full playthrough of the main game, and soon to be DLCs and a spoken review, check out my playlist below!http://  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLecE5B63z3fo1sfQOJxXd7Fn6hl2s0Z8f"
76561198015399489,Recommended,268050,24680912,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,vortex,"It's a pretty good game.  Feels a lot like modern Resident Evils (which makes sense, given the same guy who designed RE4 did this one).It's got problems, though, namely in the form of cheap deaths.  Case in point, during the prologue you're locked in a room with a butcher.  While his back is turned, you acquire a knife.  A tutorial tells you how to sneak.  You're supposed to sneak up behind the butcher and grab the keys nearby him.  But when you get behind the butcher, a prompt appears telling you to do a sneak kill.  This is your very first encounter with this prompt, so you have no way of knowing it's not part of the tutorial.  But if you attempt the sneak kill, you'll just make the butcher mad, and he'll 1-hit kill you.  The game is riddled with cheap 1-hit deaths you'll never see coming the first time through.Another problem is items are scarce and without upgrades, you can't hold much ammunition.  That's fine, since the game is a stealth game..... Except for several chapters where it's not a stealth game and you're expected to be an action hero.  Kind of hard to fight off an infinite horde of monsters with just 15 bullets.But if you can get past its (many, many) flaws, the game is actually pretty fun.  I'd still recommend checking it out.  I'd give it a 7/10."
76561198018187238,Recommended,268050,12492443,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,supertrooper225,"I've never written a review before but I felt compelled to because of a release week flood of ridiculous hate reviews. They are written like children whining about two things, fps and aspect ratio. Both of which are very subjective details. I am honestly having a great time with the game. My graphics card only has 2 GB of Vram and it is running this game like a beast. If you like Survival Horror games with bit of stealth, this is right up your alley. Resource management is key and the game has mechanics from the RE remake (burning enemies) and the general gameplay of RE 4 plus a bit of stealth. The frame rate is locked to 30 fps but it is rock solid with no hitches for me. The aspect ratio is kind of weird at first but by the time the intro played out I didn't even notice it. Maybe it's because I'm playing on my TV, I dont know. The negative user reviews for this game were appallingly immature for a time and threw a lot of undeserved hate at the game due to it being a straight port. The developers announced their plans for the fps and aspect ratio weeks ago so any complaints about those is void in my opinion. With that said, if you get simulation sickness, you may want to look at some videos of the game to make sure if it will bug you or not. The people who made many of those negative reviews were either uninformed or were planning on complaining anyway. It is the same game that is on next-gen consoles (PC may look a little sharper I haven't seen the console versions).  The game is very playable and it is not a broken port, at least, not for me. If you were a huge RE fan I think you will have a very fun time with The Evil Within. So far I am having a blast. There hasn't been a game quite like this in years.You might need a controller. I cannot speak for the controls on mouse and keyboard. From my experience playing any 3rd person game works better with a controller just like first person shooters are far better with mouse and keyboard. I have been hearing that playing on aTV negates the shock of the aspect ratio a bit so do your research if you are playing on a monitor. And for the love of god DO NOT come to this looking for a brilliant story! While Silent Hill games have had some pretty good stories the RE games have always had a sort of cheesy B movie plot. This game comes from the creator of Resident Evil so The Evil Within seems to naturally be going for the cheesy plot, though they seem to have dialed it down a bit. Voice acting is comparable to RE 4... serviceable but not award winning though I will say there seems to be less annoying characters like Ashley.The real draw of this game is going to be the gameplay. Guns feel extremely satisfying to blast enemies with and they all have well done sound effects. The controls are designed in a way to make you feel unsafe at all times. You can move while aiming though I wouldn't advise taking a shot while moving because you will most likely miss unless you are at very close range. While your aim is initially inaccurate you can become more accurate as the game progresses by spending points in the games upgrade system. The upgrade system also includes things such as weapon capacity, damage, reserve capacity, reload speed, melee damage etc. The upgrades seem to allow for multiple play styles which is pretty cool.  Artificial intelligence isn't very smart but most enemies are bringing knives or claws to a gunfight so they are kinda dumba#$es to begin with. In other words, enemies with close range attacks are only going to have so many patterns because they eventually have to rush and kill you. I have not experienced any outstanding AI glitches but I have seen minor things like enemies hugging to close to corners and getting hung up for a second. Enemies are more dangerous in numbers than individually but they can be surprisingly fast. Headshots work best but if you knock one over you can light him up with a match or, even better, wait for other enemies to walk over him before burning them all. There are also multiple environmental dangers that you can use against your would-be killers. Tactics and precise shooting combine to make a very fun combat system. I am finding that I am dying less from regular combat and more from instakill bosses which can be frustrating to some. Nothing excessive though. Overall, the game balance is very good and I am making steady forward progress.The Evil Within takes a lot of inspiration from Silent Hill in its environments. So far I have found a range of asylums, hospitals, labs, hellish otherworlds and so on. Character models and environments  look very good and the lighting is done particularly well. But this is not the game to benchmark your new rig on if thats what your are looking for. Some players report it as somewhat of a resource hog (maybe CPU?) but I am still finding no dips in the frame rate but I will make a note in the review if that changes.The game is very dark, gory and intense if not necessarily scary. However, to be honest, I have never been utterly freaked out by any video game before. I am still finding it to be an awesome game. Unless I run into some absolute disasters on the way to the end (musical numbers), I believe genre fans will absolutely love this as long as they don't expect a full return to pure survival horror. The game does get a little action heavy toward the end featuring some gun-wielding enemies. Overall, though, I found it much closer to the tone of the original 3 RE games than 4 was. And there is no coop to be found, except for some AI partners (no, you don't have to share ammo) for brief instances. I am very glad for that last part.If you are new to Survival Horror games know that the game is a little harder than your typical action game and you are expected to take your time and make your shots count. You also have less health than in most games but you can upgrade that as you progress. Your health only regenerates to a low amount if wounded and medkits and ammo are harder to come by than most games. You will be down to your last bullet in some fights. However, enemies will drop a couple of bullets (like 2 or 4 at most) every now and again and if you explore you should find enough rounds and matches to keep yourself alive. The game won't make things impossible for you. But you will rarely be flush with supplies.Edit: Whether you found it helpful or not, I want to say thanks to everyone who read the review. Like I said, I've never written one and I wasn't really expecting more than ten people to read it. It's a pretty cool unexpected surprise. I also wanted to throw some specs out there in case they help someone out. I will make any necessary changes to the review when I have completed the game.Windows 8.1Core i7 3770 3.4012 GB RamRadeon Hd 7800 2GB Vram"
,Recommended,268050,12577752,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,godslayer1975,"Wow this game grows on you , first i have not seen any crashes or tearing the game runs perfect on my system and everything is cranked to the max (Intel(R) Core i7-4770 CPU @ 3.40GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 OCDedicated Memory=2.0 GBTotal Memory=3.9 GBRAM 16 GB600 Watt PowerSupplyMicrosoft Windows 8.1 (build 9200), 64-bit )First this game is a gore machine it is not scary like Aliens is but more of a great horror / gore fest of a story . The black bars and fov are fine you get use to them fast and if you dont there are patches for you out there . The game is fine the controls are smooth and the aiming is great the only bad thing in the control department is when your sneaking and hugging a wall near a corner he will just turn and face the wrong way every once in a while and at times that can be lethal but very rarley does it happen . The graphics i think look amazing but i also think there supposed to look grunge and not crispy clear but muddy at times and the enemys are just straight Evil and demented looking so if you like gore or horror you should love this game and if you like stealth it is just as great and for me stealth games and horror are the two best style of games in the gaming market so to me it is the perfect marriage and pulled off dam near perfect . I highly recomend this game and it is far from a short game so there is a ton of sick fun to have in this demented world . Two thumbs up and 9 , a must for any great game colliction ."
76561198012027144,Recommended,268050,31650289,Posted: 9 May,all,Darkronis,A must have survival horror experence reminds me of resident evil 4 worth the asking price
76561198049819329,Recommended,268050,29087092,Posted: 7 January,all,echo1,"I dislike horror games intensely. It's not that I loath the genre but rather because I can't mentally deal with horror moments within film or video games. It's taken me 2 years to sum up all my courage to enter the distorted world of ""The Evil Within"", now that I have played the first 4 chapters I can confidently say that I was right to wait this long to face the horrifying evil in this game. It is frankly terrifying but incredibly compelling, so much so that you need to see what lies behind the next door.Japanese Horror qualityThe Japanese really do know how to make horror games exceptionally well and this game is no exception. There is enough level variety here and enemy types to keep the player constantly on their toes. The boss fights are bloody difficult but thats how it should be. I have played Dark Souls II and the difficulty of this game is very similair, if not harder! It is vital to collect scarce bullet boxes and health syringes to feel an element of security in an otherwise hostile environment.VisualsThough some complain of low-res textures, I personally find them absolutely captivating on ultra. There is an entire guide on how to increase the visual fidelity of the game by tweaking the ini.file. It's worth doing if you have a good rig setup. The defualt graphics of the game however are very well done and the art direction certainly seems as though it was inspired by 80's cult horror classics, where a grainy film is used as good horror should never be crystal clear in terms of visualisation. It needs an unsettled pallet of colour to compliment the atmosphere which the game seeks to create.AtmosphereYou really do sense that there is an evil within this game. The sense of dread is constant which is amplified by an excellent sound direction and musical score.AIUnlike many games on the market, ""The Enemy Within"" has phenomenal AI which induce siesmic terror within the player should they be so unfortunate to be found by a creature/s. A single headshot alone won't work. Three might do it, however should you be surrounded by 4-5 enemies then shooting them in the leg is your best chance of survival. When shot in the leg, the creature will writhe struggling to get back up and it is vital you set them alight (match) or headshot them when they are still down. It is possible to silently knife a creature from behind (stealth kill), however the enemies have excellent hearing an stepping upon a glass bottle whilst knelt behind your previously unsuspecting victim hardly ever has a good result.DifficultyThe game gives you two difficulty options. The first is for the casual gamer and provides players with more ammunition and great healing opportunities. The second difficulty is called ""survival"" and states that it's the normal difficulty for the game. It's really not. There is nothing normal about ""survival"" difficulty. It should be called ""super-human""difficulty for that is the pyschological state you will need to have to make it through the various chapters without cracking under the tremendous enemy AI and insane boss battles. It is a very, very, very, very difficult game but there is one salvation.Save pointsHallejuah! Yes, there are thankfully save points (mirrors) in the game which when interacted with transport you to an asylum run by a very competent nurse. Within the asylum is an electric chair to upgrade weapons and abilities and a typewriter which is where you can save your game. The Asylum also hass numerous doors which need to opened with keys found in the horror world. The keys allow the player to open deposit boxes which hold useful resources.ConclusionThe Evil Within is the most terrifying and disturbing game I've ever played. I've reached chapter 4 (many more chapters to go) and I'm finding it difficult to continue down the path of despair. The AI is exceptionally evil and the various forms in which they appear is not good for my morale. Despite, the numerous deaths and horrific encounters which still await me, I feel compelled to explore the madness within this game and root out the evil from within."
,Recommended,268050,35439421,Posted: 3 October,all,Hyperchaotic,Cons:Stupid black bordersPros:Everything else
76561197984369484,Not Recommended,268050,19670732,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Cinn,"The horror comes from knowing that -- when you get one-shotted because you got stuck on an obstacle you couldn't see due to the camera position or because you were facing 2 degrees off-centre from the switch you needed to pull -- the inconsistent autosave will probably mean having to replay a whole section of killing minions, smashing crates, and watching an unskippable 10-second cutscene of a door opening before you can even get back to the boss who will instantly kill you again if you get too close.  Honestly, the only feeling of dread in this game is wondering how long it's been since the last save as you watch your character's umpteenth gruesome death animation.I don't mind challenging games.  I like the sparse ammo in this kind of survival horror genre that forces you to place your shots carefully, or look for alternatives.  (I also thought the visuals and general mood -- at least the first time through each section -- were outstanding.)  But the challenge here comes primarily from the picky, sluggish controls and the restrictive camera.  Even just picking an item up off the floor requires precision aim, made worse by the fact that when your character breaks open a container he lunges past it, so that you have to turn around to find any item that may have been inside.And, speaking of item crates, this game commits the classic game sin of penalising you for trying to role play the character you are given.  Often the game or NPCs tell you to move to a goal urgently, but if you do so instead of examining every dark corner and breaking open every container, you'll miss out on myriad much-needed upgrade items, because almost every single time you go through a big door, it slams behind you and you're forever cut off from that part of the game, with the autosave annoyingly deciding that *now* -- and not just before a boss fight -- is the best time for it to take action.If you like playing sections of a game over and over (and over) because the game actively fought your commands, this may be the game for you.  Otherwise, steer clear."
,Recommended,268050,28795033,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pelmen',"The Evil Within is one of the best games I've ever played. I loved every piece of it, especially its haunting, creepy atmosphere and so damn cool characters. The story was also excellent. 10/10"
76561198158434625,Recommended,268050,26914279,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Greenhuman,"one of the best Action horror survivor game.i nominated this game for The ""VILLAIN MOST IN NEED OF A HUG"" AWARD :D"
76561198089052394,Not Recommended,268050,31699565,Posted: 12 May,all,JD Herrera,"The Evil Within			* 4/10Starts great, awesome atmosphere, good looking graphics, a story that degenerates faster than light into a weird zombie-like apocalypse where you will struggle to survive. So what's wrong with this game? It was quite discussed at the release and people loved it or hated it. II ended up hating it as I barely made it to chapter 7 before I refused to go on.Anyways The Evil Within is directed by Shinji Mikami, and if you wonder why you're supposed to know him it's because he directed the first and the fourth chapter of Resident Evil, Dino Crisis and God's Hand. Is this important? It is, as The entire game (or at least the 7 chapters I've been able to play) has really great dark atmospheres, gruesome locations, splatter scenes and situations filled with suspance and tension typical of horror movies. The story begins in a very straight and simple way. As Detective Sebastian Castellano you're reaching a mass murder crime scene at the Beacon Mental Hospital along with a cop and your two collegues in a police car. Nobody around, abandoned police cars at the main entrance, and piles of corpses inside the hospital. And this is just the very beginning. An incredible beginning, even though it's quite simple it really throws you into an ominous mistery that is about to degenerate... A lot... And really fast. The premise is great, direction is great, and there are situations where the oddities will make me doubt the sanity of the protagonist itself... More than once.So The Evil Within is undoubtedly good, on the paper, and is well supported by a good graphic engine (which I realize right now is the notorious id Tech 5) and even on my system configuration I've been able to play with mid-high settings with an oscillating range between 20 and 40 FPS, depending on the situation. So what's wrong, what else can be said about this game? Gameplay...The Evil Within IS a survival Horror. This means you will be constantly on the verge of dying without ammos, and there's nothing wrong with this, a good survival horror must give you this sense of struggle to get past your enemies even against all the odds. The scarce quantity of ammunitions will obviously force you to move cautiosly to avoid the enemies or at least to take them down silently. Very well, I have no problem with stealth games, I've been playing the entire Metal Gear Solid saga, and splinter cell, I don't see the problem here, I can easily approach a stealth game... But not this one.First things first:the camera. A third person ""sided"" camera is not a problem, as long as it's well handled. But here, a stealth survival horror, I NEED to move cautiosly in many places, especially around corners. So am I really supposed to prepare MYSELF the side of the camera EVERY TIME trying to figure out a combination of movements especially in restricted areas where my movements are already limited otherwise I'm dead? Asking for a button or a combination is too much? Fine, then give me a central camera and all troubles are gone. But nope... This is not a serious problem that totally ruins the gameplay experience, I know... But it's the first. Let's move ahead.Stealth but not stealth. Because there's no specific mechanism to hide behind walls, corners or objects which is essential. It IS essential because otherwise you have to wager on your position hoping the enemy sight has limits, or maybe even considers the fact you're hiding in the dark (HA, yeah, sure...). So you'll end up with borderline situations where you will barely hide behind a pile of hay bales, you will mistakenly push ahead the bales expecting the enemy to spot you instantly, but he (she IN MY CASE) will pass through and spot you with their magic fisheye FOV. Simply magnificent for a game that claims to be stealth...I guess I shouldn't even considerthe very beginning of the game, where you wake up tied as dead meat, free yourself and you have to run away. I thought I had to get through the butcher so I studied him and tried to kill him by silently approaching him. That was NOT MY IDEA, the game ITSELF showed me the hint. And since the butcher can't be killed with just a stab in his head (realized later in other situations and with guides as well) I just kept dying. Thank you for explaining something I can do, but not now, not with that enemy and not there because it doesn't have any sense as there's nothing to do right there except for stealing the keys for an exit that is actually the other way...Something that should be considered isAI... Pretty plain and simple, and I agree, they're just zombies, I'm not expecting to talk about the meaning of life with them (But I bet their point of view could be surprisingly interesting). But it's pretty lame to see they just get stuck walking towards you but can't move on because the gallery I've passed through is not big enough to walk but big enough to crouch and walk in it. Oh, I see, you didn't plan a crouch or crawl condition for them. I can forgive that, I'm not that stern... But the point is that there's a wide corridor 1 meter next to it (Chapter 7, right corridor with spiked roof trap)... Enough said.Quick time eventsnowadays are common, even for simple things such as opening gates by rotating a rusty mechanism. So you tap like crazythe required button shown on screento complete the action. That's all right. But this is a slow action and this is a horror game so obviously some monster will come out from nowhere to disturb you and you have to interrupt otherwise you're just dead. So how the hell is it possible that I have to randomly push any possible key in hope to leave that damn mechanism YET IT KEEPS WORKING ON IT?!??!!? (Same room as before in Chapter 7).I could go ahead talking about the fact thatpunchingeven the weakest enemy is a bad idea as they won't get down and it won't buy you time to escape, but it will make them angrier and jump on you almost killing you.I could tell you thatgameplay can be more incoherent than thatas even though setting on fire corpses on ground will set on fire a BOSS that walks on it, the same trick WON'T work with common enemies. Crawling at the enemies' back and stabbing their head with your machete is a trick that WON'T work with different enemies. They can be strong, I can understand that, but the fact that an enemy has two heads isn't an excuse as long as your using a half-meter long blade. Blade which you can't use as a weapon... Better use your fists in this apocalypse, right...But the lamest trick that definitely made me abandon the game was a particular minigame you'll find many times along your way: bomb disarming. Very simple, a pointer will rotate and the moment it will pass over a small blue arc you can press the action button to disarm it. Otherwise the remaining areas will detonate the bomb. Perfect. Too bad that the pointer will stop a few milliseconds after you press the action button. This is stupid. Very stupid. And lame as well...And Because of this I will never find out what actually happened in Beacon Mental Hospital. Thanks...+++PROs+++ART.The artistic aspect of the game is the best it has to offer. The atmosphere, the story and the direction everything works fine and can be worth the effort... As long as you can tolerate the gameplay.---CONs---GAMEPLAY.I don't know what to say, none of the above mentioned problems can be considered as unforgivable and intolerable lacks... Taken individually.I played this game on this machine:Intel Core i7-497016Gb RAM DDR3GeForce GTX 660Windows 10 Professional x64"
,Not Recommended,268050,13442406,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Atom Bomb Baby,"+Beautiful graphics+Interesting monsters+I like ""creepy"" vibed games-Scripted animations ruin the game when you are running or hiding from monsters (I'm sure you'll find out what I mean by this)-Story was pretty terrible, I thought I would understand more by the end of the game but I was still just as confused.-Some boss battles start with that annoying un-skippable intro cutscene. Annoying especially if you die over and over again.-Needs better autosave checkpoints, due to the difficulty of the game. (I played on normal)-Boring weapons-Not much originality.If you like games of this theme, then perhaps buy if its on sale ($15 or less). Definetly would not pay full price for this game, even the $20 that I spent was pushing it."
,Recommended,268050,28262646,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Mankybus,"The Evil Within is a criminally underrated and awesome stealth action-horror game that deserves way more love than it got. It's by no means a perfect game as some questionable design decisions and frustratingly tough sections can hamper what is a really fantastic and intense experience that's full of intense, challenging fights as well terrifying stealth and chase segments. It's a game I've found action-packed and terrifying on both an atmospheric and mechanical level. Word of warning; yes Shinji Mikami worked on this and Resident Evil 4 is amazing but don't bother trying to play this game like that because it's a VERY different game - no roundhouse kicks and uppercuts here. This is a Steam review so bullet points for days:Pros:*Awesome psychological story - mysterious, weird and creepy, not everything is told, you'll have to piece a good bit of it yourself.*Fantastic gameplay - from fighting hordes of monstrosities with meaty gunplay to sneaking around insta-kill bosses looking to find the perfect strike to frightening, heart-pounding chase scenes against a handful of unkillable horrors.*Well-rounded mechanics - Whether you prefer stealth, combat or being a coward, the game design around all aspects is nicely balanced, making all play styles possible (I like my shooty bang bang approach).*Very challenging - from waves of powerful monsters to difficult stealth (the stealth really is that hard, I've never cleared a single section with pure stealth in both of my playthroughs - it's fun trying though), this game never pulls a single punch.*Looks beautiful - this runs on idTech 5, the same engine as RAGE and that looked like♥♥♥♥♥♥ need I say more?*Disgustingly beautiful art style - I love grotesque and macabre monsters and locations in my horror games a lot.*Item management - you may have guns and other doohickeys but ammo and health items are severely limited, you're always running out of ammo which forces players to adapt to the situation via stealth, running away or hiding.*Good level variety - It's not always from A to B, sometimes you'll have to survive waves of enemies or explore an area to solve puzzles or you'll be forced through a tough scenario against an enemy that cannot die; it's not afraid to throw player into new scenarios around the core gameplay and that makes each chapter distinct from each other. Chapter 9 even comes with a call back to Resident Evil 1 with its own miniature Spencer Mansion with a great deal to explore.*Awesome soundtrack and sound design - very reminiscent of Silent Hill 1, tons of creepy industrial banging, horrific moans, lovely weapon sounds and all that jazz. You'll be surprised how much the music can do for those chase scenes.*Great length - I'm not one of those gamers who believe every game has to be a whole saga but 15-20 hours on your first run is pretty great and necessary for fleshing out the world and characters, it took me about 16 on my first run and 13 on my second and I prefer a combat approach; it will definitely take much longer if you focus on stealth, fleeing and hiding.*Highly replayable - new game+ is arguably better than the first run now that you have the necessary upgrades where you can just enjoy yourself the second time through. You will also unlock new weapons and difficulty modes.*Fair price point - £15/$20 for this hidden gem is a steal and definitely worth the asking price, the DLC is very cheap too and I have heard it's good stuff.Cons:*Frustrating to begin with - with a mimumum damage output, flimsy health bar, tiny ammo pool, pathetic melee and the sprinting ability of a 100 year old disabled granny; starting out without the upgrades can be VERY rough indeed.*Unavoidable grab attacks - a lot of enemies have grab attacks and they are completely unavoidable when you're right up in their face (it's very easy otherwise) as the attack frames are way to unforgiving and you are unable to break free from the Haunted that carry weapons, forcing you to suffer massive damage.*One-hit kills - when done right with the proper amount of wind up and plenty of opportunity to dodge, they can make certain enemies and situations terrifying and they are for the most part; however there are parts of the game where they're way too hard to avoid.*♥♥♥♥ing crossbow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are massive♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- probably the worst enemy design I've seen in a game for a very long time, certain Haunted can be tough with hard-to-deal with weaponry and armour but none of them beat the crossbow guys who can shoot sticky explosive bolts into you with terrifying accuracy and rate of fire and will effectively try to stun-lock you until you're dead. Utterly atrocious - thankfully you'll encounter roughly six or so in the entire game.*Is this game Haunted? - There's a good number of fun and interesting such as The Keeper, AlterEgo, the invisible dudes and one particularly famous monster that all sadly gets hardly any game time at all as there's way too much of a focus on the common Haunted enemies, they're fun but it's like how Lost Planet 2 focused on dudes with guns rather than the awesome Akrid.*Tricks And Traps - this game is FULL of traps and unlike Resident Evil 4, Tango Gameworks made them fiendishly difficult to see this time around - from explosive trip mines in a dark village at night to bear traps completely hidden in murky water full of poo. It gets really mean sometimes.*Horror is subjective - different things scare us and The Evil Within is probably not going to scratch that itch if you're looking for a true horror game to scare the daylights out of you; it's called action horror for a reason.*Performance - while the game runs at 60fps the vast majority of the time for me, there are points where it very rarely drops or suffers from microstutter; my rig is pretty beastly so expect plenty of hiccups on weaker hardware.I totally recommend The Evil Within wholeheartedly - just know that it might be a rough ride on your first time through and you'll probably have even more fun in new game+. To me it nails the action and the horror the vast majority of the time and backed up with an engaging, crazy story makes it all the more entertaining and is definitely a go to for me whenever I feel up for a good ol' action horror. If you're into the more recent Resident Evil games including 4, Dead Space, Cold Fear and any other game in the action horror genre then The Evil Within is absolutely worth playing."
,Recommended,268050,35075378,Posted: 19 September,all,Sanctus Stercus,"It's a fun game. It's not over the top fantastic, but there's enjoyment to be had here. It's Bethesda's response to Resident Evil(I believe they got a director for Resident Evil.) It'll feel like an American Resident Evil with more intuitive controls.Pros:Combat rewards both stealthy and aggressive playCombat gives a satisfying response from enemiesEnemies are neatAtmosphere is really fantastic and consistentAgony crossbowDetective Side Story adds some character to the gameEh:Main character is kind of genericStory is predictableCons:This isn't really a survival horror. I never felt so low on ammo to feel threatened, and I always had enough health. I died a lot, but enemies were extremely powerful. I wanted to feel afraid, but I never quite reached that point.Game feels cheap sometimes.Controls are a little weird and response can be odd.Buggy. (But it's a Bethesda game.)Overall, there's a lot to be enjoyed. It's not going to be the best survival horror, because it's really afraid to push what it offers. It is really enjoyable though. I appreciate the more psychological aspect, but it's more of an action/adventure horror game. It never once felt like a survival horror game. It's fun though. Just not fully what I expected."
,Recommended,268050,13705078,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Artorias,"Just finished my first completion of the game, and I have to say, it's not bad.That's it, it's not bad. The gunplay is fun, the story is a little weird, but just good enough to keep you entertained. The characters are a little forgettable, and the sideplot about Sebastian's life really doesn't seem to matter at all. There's literally nothing I could find in game that pertained to it besides journal entries.I know people are saying that it's just RE4, but it really isn't JUST RE4. The gunplay is definitely far more fluid, and the controls are very responsive. The puzzles are pretty easy, but it's not a puzzle game. The game isn't really ""scary"" either, but after playing 18 hours of it, I honestly don't think it was meant to be scary. Or at least it doesn't feel like it. The horror aspects of the game feel more like just adrenaline-pumped, action-packed bits of fun.All in all, don't buy it if you're looking to get scared. Don't buy it if you're looking for a NEW and INVENTIVE game. The Evil Within takes Shinji Mikami's strengths and puts them to good use. It's nothing we haven't seen before, but it does everything we have seen before pretty well.The one and only negative I have with this game, is the damn unstable framerates. Forced capped 60 frames runs GREAT and has a nice polish to it....BUUUUUUUUUUUUT, the framerate is unstable, and there are LOTS of microstutters in this game. If you play it in the capped 30FPS mode, it runs fine, it's just slightly choppy but your eyes do get used to it.Personally, I just powered through it at the 60 FPS cap, and my eyes eventually just gave in and I stopped noticing it.Solid 8/10, I'll be playing NG+."
76561198025301599,Recommended,268050,14253533,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ZOR33L is,"After pulling all my hair out and my head became as soft as baby's butt, i managed to finish the game on AKUMU difficulty and thought i would write a review now that i'm back to normal.- Atmosphere, though the game came from the creator of Resident Evil creator i think it has more of a Silent Hill atmosphere than RE, which to me is awesome. i think Silent Hill and Fatal Frame are the best horror games in terms of scary, tense and twisted atmosphere. this game comes really close to them with amazing and very imaginative world.- Sound, the sound effects are awesome in this game, great use of audio all around except the voice acting, i could say only Ruvik was good but maybe he is the best of the worst i don't know.- Graphics, well this game has really amazing graphics and really great lighting/shadows effects.- Gameplay, it's a mixed feelings here, the game tries to be a true survival horror by limiting Ammo and health pickups, i'm fine with that indeed and it does add to the overall tense atmosphere, but the cheap deathes from traps you wouldn't see or from a sequence that requires you to figure something very fast or you will die and then restart from your last checkpoint. speaking of check points, the game has an absurd checkpoints system, sometimes you will have to restart a very long and tedious section because of a cheap death or something. while the idea of having a world filled with traps is great in theory, this game didn't implemented it very well sadly. the upgrade system is great and you can upgrade your character to your style of play and it works very well. overall there is lots of fun to be had from this game and i enjoyed it, but it could have been much more if not for some easy-to-avoid mistakes that prevented from being an instant classic.- Performance, well i have a powerful PC that should run it on max settings at 60+Fps but sadly it doesn't, you will get choppy performance no matter how powerful your rig is. it is still very much playable but the port could have been much better indeed. it is much better than the console version for sure and you can remove the black bars and increase the fps cap to 60 or unlock the fps (though didn't try that option, i played with 60fps).- Story, while it starts as awesome, then becomes very confusing till the last episode or two when everything will kinda make sense. there will be many unanswered questions though even when you finish the game but thats where the DLCs will come to explain i guess.in short, the game has an amazing atmosphere and some great ideas, though suffers from cheap difficulty and some technical problems, in the end i would recommend this game, especially to Silent Hill fans more than Resident Evil's."
,Recommended,268050,25774518,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Baphomet,"The Evil Within is an over-the-shoulder shooter starring Sebastian Castellanos, a detective with a troubled past investigating a violent outbreak at a mental asylum when he is suddenly pulled into a horrifying distortion of reality by a creature known only as Ruvik, and must do whatever he can to escape it.Gameplay in TEW is very similar to more recent games in the Resident Evil and Silent Hill series (this isn’t surprising as it has the same director as Resident Evil 4). So if you’re used to playing those games you will be able to learn and adjust to this one very quickly. For everyone else: It’s an over the shoulder stealth-action hybrid that features an upgrade system with various weapons and statistics that can be upgraded via a single currency (green gel).Another neat addition to the game is the burn system where the common enemy, known as “the haunted”, can be set on fire with matches you find throughout the game. The main purpose for this seems to be ammo conservation, as on regular difficulty the bullets and bolts will be few and far in between. So, rather than spend 4 shotgun rounds on a haunted, you could shoot him in the legs and then run over and toss a match on him. If there are other haunted close enough to touch him, they will also catch fire. Clever players can exploit this by baiting enemies into groups and burning the first one to fall down to start a chain reaction, spending very little ammunition in the process.The game features a few stealth sequences where our hero will be hopelessly outmatched either via numbers of enemies, lack of ammo, or certain special mini-bosses, like the keeper (a nod to pyramid head from Silent Hill 2) that hit like a truck. During these, you can use noises as distractions to help sneak up on haunted from behind for an instant kill or to draw more dangerous foes away so you can make your escape.By the time I got to the end of The Evil Within I started asking myself how I got there so fast, mostly because the first half of the game up until the mansion part was pretty fun and frantic, and the remaining 5-6 chapters were a bit of a drag. I feel like this game could have been a bit shorter chapter-wise but with bigger areas per chapter wrapping up the same number of events, if that makes sense. It’s not like the story was bad per-se but the game could have ended several times before the actual end and there really wasn’t a reason for Sebastian to be where he was other than “oops, guess I have to be the hero now” so I wasn’t personally invested in the story either.Thankfully, the gameplay is actually really good and some of the areas are downright clever and fun with how they handle the various traps and surprises. I also have to give praise for the director, Shinji Mikami, for trying something new instead of clinging to a previous IP (we really need to see more of that in gaming). I would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a game that has the gameplay of Resident Evil 4, but with more horror included a la Silent Hill 2."
,Recommended,268050,26594349,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Whiskey Tang go,"This game had me second-guessing my purchase for the first couple chapters, but I slowly began to appreciate the game's design more and more with every chapter I played.It is very atmospheric, and masterfully balanced when it comes to the enemies / ammunition ratios.If you've ever played Resident Evil 4, it's similar in a lot of ways, but is much more of a horror / survival game than RE4 is.Games like Deadspace barely qualify as a horror game in my opinion, because the ""horror"" aspect is nothing but jump-scares. The only trick up their sleeve is to startle you with loud noises and ambush attacks; whereas this game actually offers a suspenseful story line, and perhaps the creepiest thing of all is the character development.Overall, it's a solid game, and a must-play if you're a fan of the 3rd person horror genre. If not, then you could probably live without it."
,Recommended,268050,22491731,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,That Guy ☆VG☆,"The Evil Within is a 3rd person horror shooter, gameplay much in the style of the new Resident Evil games with a mix of Until Dawn's movie esque filmed style. The horror element is short lived as you get very used to it and the scariness tapers off as you pass chapter 7. Graphically the game is very pleasing, and the monster visuals are fun to look at. Story is decent, very confusing at first but it's the mystery that drew me in, and as the game progresses you can pick up collectables that will reveal some background into the characters.Pros:+ Graphics and visuals are eye catching+ Interesting Horror story+ Certain bosses make you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself+ Immersiveness keeps you locked in for hours at a timeCons:- The horror part of the game lasts about half the game long- If you want to feel the horror aspect of the game, it must be played on higher difficulties- No real replayability6.5/10Would I recommend?If you're a fan of the new RE and like horror games I'd give it a try when it comes on sale. I was a little disappointed in how unsatisfied I was upon completion. The game had a lot of potential to be something totally amazing and fell short, though it did give it a good try. I'd like to see more games like this but with better everythings."
,Recommended,268050,32742185,Posted: 24 June,all,Count Cuckula,"If there was a neutral rating for the stupid Steam reviews, then I'd give this game a rating somewhere in the middle. The game is very much Silent Hill (settings and enemies) mixed with Resident Evil 4 and Dead Space (gameplay and some other enemies). Unlike Resident Evil or Dead Space though, the game isn't very fluid and by that I mean your character is EXTREMELY sluggish, even more so than playing Resident Evil 4. You also don't get any alternate versions of weapons either like you do in RE4 either and there isn't any inventory management either (this is subjective though). What I also find weird is that the game does try to be a stealth/horror in various places, but then it'll randomly turn into a hectic third-person shooter filled with swarming enemies.The story is decent too. Nothing mind-blowing or too engaging. The dialogue isn't that good; it sounds like the characters are reading off an uncompleted script for some reason.  Music is pretty good. Graphics are alright, even though the game has high requirements. Worth playing if it's under $20."
,Recommended,268050,19507794,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hysteria,I met Pyramid Head's little brother. He was a d*ck too.
,Recommended,268050,12594628,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Emilie De Rochefort™,Resident Evil meet Silent Hill = The Evil Within
,Recommended,268050,12487607,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Vermilion Wlad,"While babbies ♥♥♥♥♥ about aspect ratio or perfomance, i'll actually say a thing or two about the game.The visual design is great, first of all. Catacombs, hospitals, villages at night, all look great and are designed nicely both from the level design perspective and the visuals. The amount of work that was put into designing enviroments and enemies is stunning and if you like pretty games, check this one out, because it's one the best grit and rust fueled videogame nightmares out there.The gameplay is basically Resident Evil 4 with a dash of stealth and a clever fire mechanic. It's also considerably harder, since ammo is pretty scarce and the zombies are tough SOBs. And this is just your normal mode, game features hard and even insane mode, which are not just punishing, but probably the hardest thing you ever played! Oh and it also comes with NG+ and a bunch of unlockable stuff, so you can blast your way through after completing the game one time!The story is pretty clever and i'm glad nobody is spoiling it, since i'm actually excited to see it through. So far, it's surprisingly coherent, not in your face and feature a lot of imagery that intertwines with the main theme of the game. It's pretty subtle overall, where reality and nightmare come crashing down on each other and the understanding of the story is completely on your shoulders, nobody will sit you down in a cutscene and explain it all.If you want a new survival horror game that is well paced and fun, get it. You may want to wait a bit to see if they'll release some kind of patch, but it's mighty playable as it is. Weird aspect ratio is not that obnoxious and you get used to it just as you get used to FoV in Dead Space.P.S. You can unlock aspect ratio, FPS and even tweak some visuals, just take a look at the Steam Guides."
,Recommended,268050,26560897,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Leglock,"Well, the game is great, it looks awesome and play very smooth.I would not review what everyone else already said of the game, the game is worth of playing.It have some minor bugs, that doesn`t make much difference in my review...BUT... Be aware of a save file glitch that can make you suffer... The ""1969"" Glitch:https://steamcommunity.com/app/268050/discussions/0/224446614457772862/I recomend the game?Yes, I do. Is a hell of fun.This game is the king of the surival horror?No, not even close. The first 5 chapters are pretty damn good designed, then,  the game turns into RE4 (is not bad, just not survival anymore), with an exception in Chapter 9, where you will be nervous all the time. Dead Space 1 and Call Of Cthulhu: Dark Corner of the Earth have the crown yet and no game does it better than those 2.Should I purchase this game?Sure thing, but be aware that the game is a little bit glitchy... Still, is enjoyable.I should thumbs down just for the ""1969"" glitch, which destroyed my 3rd run on Akumu... But well, I will let the time pass and I will play it again for sure.The Evil Within it is a great game with an open ending that will lead you into some theories and a possible sequel.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,268050,29957318,Posted: 15 February,all,bitch nelson,Very fun and difficult game. One of my favorites. I would freak out whenever Laura would show up. A very difficult and scary boss. The ending's a bit stupid but most of the game is top notch. Definitly worth the money.
,Not Recommended,268050,32245273,Posted: 7 June,all,† Loner †,"I really enjoy'd the game the first (well almost 100hrs i think this tells already a lot about the replay value of the game) but after time i start get hardly annoying of things i never realy realized before.The game starts well as combination of stealth and horror, where you dont HAVE to hide cause you also can fight, the fact the game ends in more action as ""Resident Evil 6"" also isn't really bad 'cause it works here really well.But then, on the way to the end through the last few chapters, you get one quicktime event after another and if you should survive them you get drown in bosses attacks and sequences that either ""one hits"" you or took almost your whole life (specially on higher difficulties)And the base game is already the most fun you can get out of it, 'cause the dlcs just sucks one by one. to change everything to ""only stealth"" was the worst thing this game could happend to."
,Recommended,268050,34563176,Posted: 28 August,all,F4T N3RD,"The game is actually pretty damn good.Great atmosphere for some tense/scary moments, while it can also feel like a decent shooter game.It contains a very interesting plot too, but you gotta buy the dlc to fully grasp the story. The DLC itself is very much worth the money aswell imo.Added to the favorites list,Can't wait for the sequel.8/10"
76561198114892684,Recommended,268050,12564424,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,VanDamScum,"Excellent game! Athmosphere is superb and game is very disturbing and scary time to time. For me it feels horror game, though people commonly review this game not to be scary at all. Im 7 hours in the game and yes, there have been few more action oriented sequences but focus have been sneaking around the well-crafted environments.At first controls felt clunky, aspect ratio and fps was hurting my eyes a little bit. Few hours in the game and I was already used to those and I don´t notice them anymore. Though I would prefer playing full screen, I don´t think that cinematic black bars add too much to the game. Graphically game is nice looking, lights and shadows are beatiful even though the first cutscene in the game looked awfull in my opinion.Resident evil 4, Silent Hill-Alan Wakish kinda mixture with a hint of the last Of Us. For me it has been this far at least 9/10."
,Recommended,268050,30516750,Posted: 14 March,all,Sgt. Smoothie,"For anyone wondering, letterbox mode has been made adjustable and the difficultly has been slightly tweaked.Consider any complaints about those two things as outdated since they've been fixed now.Now for my thoughts.The Evil Within is for fans of survival horror who are looking for a challenge.The game is scary, but not like Outlast where you're always on the run for your life.In between chases and scary surrealistic moments are challenges that for some are frustrating and for others are fun.If you do not like being challenged or throw a fit when you die too many times, don't play this game.I personally found this game to be really fun, and after the patches I honestly don't think have any complaints.It's a really good horror game despite the ""Mostly Positive"" score it has, and I strongly recomend buying it."
76561198049416859,Not Recommended,268050,14170046,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Malkior,"Though short, I feel that my simple review of this game can be summed up fairly in two words: Frustratingly dissapointing."
,Recommended,268050,34414894,Posted: 22 August,all,𝒜ℒ𝒪𝒩𝐸,"This game... We've had some memories on this. From the director of all the great horrors, this one is a true mind ♥♥♥♥ literally.At the end of this game my mind was blown away I couldn't understand if he was still there (no spoilers don't worry.) The story kept me going for days at figuring out how to get past the bosses and basically just wtf is going on. The combat was really exciting and I think the first 5 minutes into the game was the best exciting thrill I've ever had in a game. It was kind of like resident evil but just a bit better. Had extra storys to collect and read which were police journal notes and you could find out bios about each character in game. Although it had a 17 hr game completion time I found it exciting in every bit of minute and second I played. Had the healing, and upgrade type scene. I did find it sort of funny how when you melee its his fist but when you sneak kill its his blade like what?!?!Anyways this is a must have if you love singleplayer story rich games and I'm legit on the hype train for the 2nd game coming out next year!"
,Not Recommended,268050,14162805,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,meltdown,"pretty much the same game as resident evil 4 minus the angry spanish shoutingcrates explode when you punch them, so maybe a little like resident evil 5 too"
76561198043053799,Recommended,268050,14159077,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,holychair,"I will concentrate on what I personally think are the most pertinent facts regarding your decision to buy TEW or not:The Good: If you liked RE4, you might like TEW too - gameplay-wise, both feel very similar. Main differences are that, in TEW, the melee is toned down quite a bit and a crouch-stealth mechanic is added. TEW has very good graphics in terms of atmosphere and lighting. Levels are long and varied with only little reuse of stuff, so it never feels repetitive. Bosses are well designed and the boss fights challenging and interesting. Story is kinda Lynchian (and so not everyone's cup of tea), but kept me interested until the end - I got to say I really, really liked this game.The Bad: The port is optimized poorly. Only with the best GPUs you will get 60fps. With midrange GPUs you might fall well below 30fps easily even on the lowest settings, leading to a clunky feel of control. (It *is* possible though to up the framerate somewhat using certain tricks - after alot of fiddling I myself play TEW with a Geforce GT 540M with acceptable results.) Please consider this before buying.************UPDATE: I think this might be of additional interest to you. I have a rather lowend rig: I7 quadcore @2Ghz with a by now totally outdated Geforce GT 540M (yes, it's a laptop). Still I can run the game with 30fps and without stutter or hitching using the following settings:- I keep the letterbox enabled (ups framerate).- I lowered the resolution to 1280p.- I use the 30fps cap without vsync (vsync wouldn't really work in this game, but it would cause input lag on potatoes anyway!).- I turned off all ingame graphic enhancements like bloom, motion blur, AA etc - I just kept shadows on medium as on low they are too blocky.- I turned off postprocessing with the launcher command r_skipglare 1. This improved framerate quite a bit. It does not in fact turn off all effects, don't worry! Especially lighting is still great. Game gets a ""warmer"" overall hue, though.*************UPDATE 2: In the meantime, I switched to a much more powerful rig using a Geforce GTX 980M. Game is running smoothly on max settings and HD resolution, but there still are a few situations where 60 fps cannot be held. My verdict that the game is lacking in the optimization department still stands.Regarding the game itself, I found that it really begins to shine in nightmare mode. Here, not only are the enemies harder and more aware, the enemy placement itself is often different. Nightmare mode forces the player to carefully pick strategies and utilize the whole of the environment - this becomes very obvious in chapter 2 already. I feel that this is how the game was actually meant to be played.I'd also like to recommend using ""Flawless Widescreen"" with ""The Evil Within"". It allows you to adjust the FOV to your liking. It is also working with the DLC. Speaking of which: The first two are excellent additions, elaborating on the stealth mechanics as well as the story. I personally didn't like the third DLC which is a first person melee/boss rush mode which - in my opinion - doesn't quite fit."
76561197992097983,Recommended,268050,24685105,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,CH1MPYJPOV3Y,"This is one scary game, play it in the dark with some headphones on and I dare you not to jump. It's also very fun if you like horror action. This is what resi 5 should have been."
76561198002915290,Recommended,268050,12726910,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Revixi,Very old school frightening
76561198063225763,Recommended,268050,12818033,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,an†,All rounder. I can't say I'm a fan of the letter box view but you get used to it.Gameplay 8Graphics 7Story 77.5
,Recommended,268050,25903450,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DN Ministries,"The Evil Within a Synopsis from a Christian's PerspectiveThe Evil Withinstands as one of the most acclaimed games of our generation produced by Shinji Mikami, creator  of the originalResident Evilseries. UnlikeResident Evil, theEvil Withinis meant to be a hard, tough-as-nails horror survival experience and it does not dissapoint for fans of the horror genre and even those addicted to horror. In theEvil Within, you play as the main character, Sebastian Castellanos who is called in to work to investigate a brutal mass murder scene within a mental hospital. You begin in a police ambulance along with your co-workers, Joseph Oda, he works alongside you as your partner and then a separate character, Juli Kidman who you find out later betrays you because she knows more about the sadistic STEM system which is able to connect multiple personalities of people and merged it into one ' collective conscious' , a term coined by Emile Durkheim within sociology.Who Is Ruvik?Ruvik is a maladaptive negative force in theEvil Within whose job is to confuse your conscious into seeing parnormal-type delusions. It transcends and places you between the natural and supernatural world. This alludes to the title called theEvil Within. What I initially thought was a game that was full of educational psychological and sociological explanations on the nature of the human mind and on the metaphysical composition of just how far a man is willing to go into the dark parts of the world until he starts to go insane, intrigued me for sure back then when I used to be hooked on the horror scene, movies and games included. However, what I did not expect was a forceful journey through a much darker subset of the human mind and conscious.Is Ruvik a Supernatural Force, Dark Metaphysical Fallen Entity or an Actual Human Person?Through playing this game, you learn about Ruvik's story. When we first enter the hospital, we come across our first human encounter, a doctor that seems to be trembling in fear who mumbles and utters about Ruvik although it is hard for us to distinguish what he is actually saying. We come to the security room and review some cameras during a live action sequence in which Ruvik has killed police officers by going rougeAssassin's Creedon their butts. Then Ruvik jump scares us by jumping out of the screen by coming towards us. The doctor later explains that Ruvik was a patient of his that he worked with and who was very talented as a young man. However, then Ruvik through one wrong experiment took over the STEM program in which the program itself is composed of his whole DNA. As a result, every evil thing done under the sun in this game occurs because of Ruvik.Ruvik is the overseer of the greater processes, actions, and events that occur in theEvil Within. Thus, theEvil Withinlies within the STEM. However, Ruvik is not God. He does not have the ability to be omnipresent; always present going between multiple places at once. However, in the game, he is all seeing, omnipotent. He is the historically based Horus of the game. Anywhere you go, Ruvik in the background is fully aware of your actions and your presence.This is exemplified in certain sections of the game in which you encounter Ruvik in which the only ways he can be hurt are through supernatural means. One instance is farther in the game in which the only way to kill Ruvik to make him dissapear when he fights you out of anger for some past event which occured in which he claims you soiled his sister's residence, the place she was living, is to launch a bolt from a crossbow into a small vent to make it appear on the other side. This battle is when you make it to the barn after receiving a supernatural delusion, a vision from Ruvik detaling the account in which you hurt his sister. So, to defeat him in this instance, you have to shoot through a vent to the area in which his sister escapes. Then, once you do so, he will be preoccupied with his sister, while you can hit him with a final blow.The second instance is in a mansion, where certain actions trigger Ruvik to come out and search for you. He can go through doors, so the only way you can remain safe is by hiding under beds and in closets. In this scene, he can actually hurt you if he gets too close. This concludes through these two sections alone  in the game that Ruvik is an evil spirit. According to a book by Neil  T.Anderson titledThe Bondage Breaker: Overcoming Negative Thoughts, Irrational Feelings and Habitual Sins,  spirits have these eight following core characteristics according to his Chapter on ""Manipulating Spirits."" Before we get into these characteristics, we need to use two direct quotes to illustrate our point connecting theology to the greater paradigm located in theEvil Within.Biblical Scriptures: The Main Theme Behind the Deeper Metaphysics located within the Evil Within's StoryOrigen was one among the early church fathers in the early church that said , "" In regard to the devil and his angels and opposing powers, the ecclesiastical teaching maintains with the beings do indeed exist; but what they are or how they exist is not explained with sufficient clarity. This opinion, however, is held by most: that the devil was an angel; and having apostatized, he persuaded as many angels as possible to fall away with himself; and these, even to the present time, are called his angels"" ( Anderson, 116).The Bible gives us insight into  the personality and actions of evil spirits in Luke 11:15, Jesus Christ said, "" When the unclean spirit goes out of a man, it passes through waterless places seeking rest, and not finding any, it says, "" I will return to my house from which I came."" And when it comes, it finds it swept and put in order. Then it goes and takes along seven other spirits more evil than itself, and they go in and live there; and the last state of that man becomes worst than the first"" ( Luke 11:24-26).1. Demons can exist outside or inside humans ( Mk 5:6-13).2. The are able to travel at will3. They are able to communicate ( Matt 8:28-34; 1 Tim 4:1).4. Each one has a separate identity ( Luke 11:24)5. They are able to remember and make plans6. They are able to evaluate and make decisions ( Luke 11:25)We are to live our lives in a way pleasing to the Lord and not care about Satan nor Evil Spirits ( 2 Cor 5:9)7. They are able to combine forces  ( Luke 11). In Mark 5:9 it says that "" The demons were united and they were called legion"" ( Mk 5:9).8. They vary in degrees of wickedness. One apparent difference was indicated by Jesus Christ when he gave one example in particular,""  This kind cannot come out by anything but prayer"" ( Mk 9:29).- Neil T. AndersonChapter Seven: Manipulating Spirits, The Bondage BreakerHow Does It Hold Up?The gameplay elements are pretty cool. You can eliminate zombies by burning them with matches, upgrade your stamina, health, bullets, ammo, accuracy, percision with weapons and get more items by collecting keys which are later used at lockers in the hospitals. The game gives you enough ammo, but you have to conserve wisely in order to survive the beastly atrocities that are initiated through Ruvik. All creatures have the STEM system inside them because of the collective conscious.Age/ Content Rating18+ recommended because of graphic, disturbing images, brutal, grusume; gory executions when being murdered, frightening creatures ( Laura, The Keeper etcetera). It exposes evil thoughts, the darkness of our human nature in a corrupt, dark universe.Verdict/Overall- 9/10 - Astounding"
,Recommended,268050,12500759,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,BloodNDeception,"All I've seen from the previous reviews were people complaining about how this game doesn't run well with their computer & that 30 FPS is abyssmal. I say people should stop whining, first of all these people should have done their research beforehand, before just giving it a bad review because your computer isn't good enough to run it. Despite 30 FPS (which is being rumored to be the new default norm for future games) or the cinamatic black bars, I have enjoyed what I have played, as well as seen of this game, in this case the negative reviews are just as bias as those that give Resident Evil 6 bad reviews because it is different than it's predecessors. I would give it a reccomendation because it is just an entertaining game to me, same with Resident Evil 6, to me this game does get that feeling of Resident Evil meets Silent Hill meets a typical Bethesda game, which doesn't mean that it is bad at all. All I am saying is this isn't a game for everyone, so if you either aren't confident in your PC's specs, only care about you maxing out the game, or if you aren't big on Survival/Psychological Horror, then this game may not be for you. But for those who enjoy at least decent gameplay, as well as a unique story, then I would recommend this game for you."
76561198004721857,Not Recommended,268050,15317400,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Killerzone,"So after watching the game through an LP-er, I couldn't believe all the things that I missed that makes this game soooo much worse than I originally thought. I mainly missed these as I was playing through this game personally and was too focused on the fact this game was so boring, i wanted it to end asap. I just cannot let it go and must write something about it, such as this review. Lets get down to it, if you are a fan of horror games and haven't played this, please pass on this; you already have played this game. Otherwise, get it on sale or even better, watch a longplay of it online, you'll get the same experience.Pros:Graphics are pretty sweet (awesome asthetics and cool effects here and there)Cons:Combat is very clunky (Take over-the-shoulder but make it worse)Plot is all over the place and very unoriginal, even illogical at times (It actually makes no sense whatsoever)RPG and crafting elements are kept to a bare minimal (crafting only affects one weapon, and the RPG elements involve just getting upgrades)Gameplay is very repetitive (go from point A to Point B and shoot people, barely any puzzles in the game and the bosses all feel the same)Extremely LinearA lot of this is inspirripped from other games (Almost all of it is like: Silent Hill, Resident evil, Cry of Fear, Dark Souls, etc.)Checkpoint System.... enough saidNeither Pro/Con:Voice Acting is ok (Some bad spots, some good spots)Atmosphere is there for a bit (A lot of graphical, scary looking monsters are in the game but they aren't scary)Extensive Review begins here, Shorter version down bottom:Their are 3 core things (personally for me) to making a good horror game: Gameplay (Can you scare the player?), Atmosphere (Can you provide a dreaded setting for the player?), and immersion (Can you get the player to be involved and invested into the world?). If you fail in all 3, then its not a good horror game. You can fail in 1 or 2, but not all 3. Lets start with Gameplay.Gameplay:Gameplay in this game boils down to a single thing. Run from Point A to Point B, shoot some dudes or run away from some dudes. Their are too few, simple puzzles throughout the game and essentially, you'll just be running and gunning throughout. You have your same generic, cloned zombies for minions with boss fights that are similar throughout the game. They are huge, and have insta-kill moves. Its hard to feel like you have an actual health system unless you are fighting zombies. The only uniqueness in the bosses is their use of the environment and how they interact with it such as using mines or destroying hiding places. Overall, you'll just be running in a straight line from point A to Point B, shooting some zombies and moving on to the next chapter. This game takes repetition to insane levels. A lot of the boss fights are reminiscient from other games like safebox man (pyramidhead), chainsaw man (other games), generic spider boss...ughhhhhh, can we have some originality please? Checkpoint system is very poorly done alongside a saving point that is only accessed through mirrors placed throughout the game. Literally, you'll have done the parts necessary to progress, you die to those instant kill moves and you are FORCED to go through all that same part again....WHO DOES THIS ANYMORE? Come on... how does that equate to a fun experience? That is only going to cause more frustration than you want to bring to a player that is trying to enjoy the game.The Crafting/RPG system is very small and minimal. RPG boils down to simple upgrades while crafting is just making more ammo for the crossbow.... sooo creative. They literally went sooo bloody basic on everything here, its ashame to even bother including them. Would have been better to just give set numbers. Oh, lets mess with the protagonist's head and he'll suddenly realize he can carry more ammo or sprint farther... Yes because messing with the brain increases the strength of your character and makes your weapons stronger.... not like making custom parts for weapons or other ways of crafting or including RPG elements. Nope, got to do it basic and bland way of magically making everything just work through one button press and some juicy green gel... Lame and lazy.Plot:This plot has to be one of the worst plots I have ever experienced in a game. A lot of it is just, why are you doing this or why is this happening? None of this though is even explained until the very end where you will probably have lost any interest in caring by that point. You'll be invested to start with, then be confused for the next 14 chapters until the end where you find out that the plot is completely stupid by that point. The plot twist will make you wonder how this game even exists to begin with. A lot of the characters are very bland, uninspired and not much developed or cared for throughout the game. They will be there one chapter, then disappear for the next 5 chapters, then just die or do something stupid later for plot convenience. Honestly, just forget this game even had a plot to begin with and just continue walking in that straight line until you hit the next chapter... oooh so scary -_-.Atmosphere and immersion:A good horror game can get you involved in the game and make you fear your environments, making you dread what could be out there. This game fails at this sooo poorly with its frustrating mechanics, its horrible plot and its underdeveloped characters. Its very hard to be even involved or invested into the game when you are too busy just wanting the next chapter to just show up so you can complete the game as quickly as possible. Without investment, you aren't gonna be immersed into the game and the scary/horror parts are just gonna be huge nuisance. Overall, it has some horror elements but they are the same thing as any other horror game. Oversized humanoids, strange looking creatures, mixed-creatures like the spiderlady or Dog-looking creature.Everything Else:Graphics are pretty which is where I think all the money went. Making the game look as dazzling as ever while giving little attention to the gameplay sections. Honestly, did the developers ever play through their game and think ""Hmmmm... does this equate to a fun, good gameplay?"" Don't think so.Shorten version (didn't realize reviews had a character limit ;_;):If you enjoy walking down long hallways while occasionally fighting an enemy or 2 with the same tactics coughcoughFFXIIIcoughcough, that throws in random horrific looking enemys, then wait for a sale and try this game then. Otherwise, its just a very weakly developed game that should have spent more time in development to polish out those weak parts. Gameplay is just so bland and weak and the story needed better writing.Rating: 5/10"
,Recommended,268050,15842624,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Berkin Elvan,"I loved this game. The upgrading system is absolutely brilliant. And crosbow is fantasic. U can handle each  situation by your choice thanks to different bolts.on the other hand;- graphics are not incredible as it was advertised.- there is input lag on K/M.- fps is not stable. I was having around 50 fps but drops were annoying. So, I set it to 30 cap and in a few scenes it dropped to 25 fps.Wish it was ported well for the PC. But I am glad I played it."
76561197982294166,Recommended,268050,14061095,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,animal_PLANET,"This game is like five games in one! It's Resident Evil meets Silent Hill meets Last of Us, meets Outlast, and Alan Wake. I've played through the first three chapters and so far its very fun and enjoyable.If you like the games I mentioned above then there is no doubt you will like this game! Gameplay is solid if you are used to these types of games. Graphically it looks really good and plays well. Some framerate drops but nothing to take away from the game.All around great survival horror!"
,Recommended,268050,13978549,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sahkonteic,"A chilling storyline, state of the art graphics, a cast of characters youll never forget, and a plot twist that will mess with your mind. Whats not to love of the best game since Half Life 2 and L.A. Noire and is most certainly the best game of the year? 10/10"
76561197995524020,Not Recommended,268050,14164571,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Knave,"Bought the game, started it up and realised i cant see any text in the options or upgrade menus not sure if this is my problem or theirs if it is their problem the game from what i have played seems good other than the missing text which has kept me from playing it, if its my problem ignore me."
,Recommended,268050,25382608,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,kippras,"First of all, this ngame didn't really scare me or gross me out. I've played Outlast and I feel like I've seen it all.That being said, don't ski the game because it might not scare you. It's one of the only games on Steam that provide a horror atmosphere AND a decent storyline. Sure, the characters tend to be a little 2D at times, but that's because there's a bit more action going on than talking. I think the creators tried to clear up some of that with the first two DLCs (which are DEFINITELY worth getting as well). It gives you the whole story instead of leaving huge♥♥♥♥♥gaps in the plot. There may be a few left over when you're done with the game AND the DLCs, but they're more inconsequential than anything.I have enjoyed the hell out of this game. No real jump scares, but that's fine -- I've enjoyed trying to figure out what actually was going on. And with that ending... I expect there to be a second one at some point."
76561198037884556,Recommended,268050,13927402,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mr. Brightside,"Good game so far even if I only have a few hours, scary at points and also challenging. Especially the BOSS LAURA n THE KEEPER, dat BOSS keep chasing my A$$.well, worth this game to play."
,Recommended,268050,14121662,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,AzkipRs,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys survival horror.If you like Horror game's like Resident Evil,Outlast you must own this game because its really sick ."
,Recommended,268050,13660398,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,WyattEarp,If you like RE4 and 5 you will most likely enjoy this
76561197981397088,Not Recommended,268050,14175251,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Rusho,"If anyone is familiar with the director of this game, shinji mikami, you would do well to curb your enthusiasm with this title. Before I go into details, it's a solid  7 out of 10. The story is relatively interesting, however the protaganist and people directly associated with him seem flat personality wise, with or without regards to their occupations. There are a few puzzles and navigation scenes that are actually fun, and replay value is good for 3-8 times depending on how much of a completionist you are. The sound design is very effective, however what little musical scoring there is doesn't seem to add much impact when it does appear. The bosses in this game have great visual design, but the execution of the encounters are poor. There are alternate ways to deal with most of the bosses, but most of them come to you through trial and error, not any observation of the environment or the enemy itself. The three styles of playing through most of the areas (Shooting, using traps, stealth) don't often actually present you with much indication as to if you can actually go through with it. For example, there are areas where stealth is plausible, but the arangement of the enemies or environment don't give you hints or lend credence to the idea that you CAN go through someplace playing a certain way. The gunplay is rather clunky, in that the crosshair tends to move a bit stiffly, and the camera while aiming is only effective in corridors, a result of the camera being too close most of the time. The game is still littered with bugs after several months, such as the match mechanic not triggering half the time, enemies detecting you through walls while sneaking, and in very tight quarters sometimes your weapons will not do any damage. If you don't want any information about the ending so you can experience it yourself skip the rest of this, not spoiling anything, just don't want the ending to be hyped or de-hyped. The ending of this game because of the lore that has built up around you, is utterly inconclusive. I don't know if someone dropped the ball behind the scenes, or if this is some production/marketing scam to aggressively hook people into buying the dlc, but needing to buy an extention to finish a story, is absurd. You could draw paralells to Mass Effect 3, but that ending had a conclusion, it wasn't presented in the way everyone wanted, but there was ultimately resolution. Evil Within did not deliver on my expectations at all. The first playthrough was fun for story purposes, but most of the enjoyment dips greatly after the first ride. I really, really wanted to like this game, and I'm sure others feel the same way, but with the production value this game seems to have, it just falls short."
76561197976624185,Recommended,268050,33744015,Posted: 23 July,all,Slug,"Keep in mind that I got this game on sale for about 10$ after it has been patched to open up advanced graphic settings. If I bought this game at full price in its original form, my opinion would differ drastically!After spending a few minutes to overcome the still lingering technical issues with this product, you will find yourself enthralled in a weird and mysterious world that will still tickle your mind even after you turn off the game.There aren't many cheap jumpscares or situations of that sort, but the game manages to tap into your fear by creating a horrifying atmosphere by usage of good sound design and gruesome imagery.The gunplay generally feels very satisfying and seeing an enemies brain splash across the wall never gets old.The DLC chapters will present the story from different perspectives and also changes things up gameplay wise.InThe AssignmentandThe Consequence, you will control the female detective from Sebastians team and except for rare occasions that will give you acces to guns, you are going to rely on stealth to take our or avoid your enemies.InThe Excecutioneryou will take control of a Big Daddy-esque creature and take on familiar enemies and bosses in first person view.There are some frustrating aspects to this game and it is definitely not the next resident evil 4. But if you like action or horror games it is worth picking up on sale!"
,Not Recommended,268050,33395101,Posted: 8 July,all,Blood_Wraith,"Instadeath: The Game, with a dash of Resident Evil 4, some nods to Silent Hill, Alan Wake's flashlight in disguise of disposable matches, and a main character so bland, I thought I was playing as a mobile brick wall who could speak the words of men.Well at least it did a lot better than Mighty No. 9.You know I was going to recommend this (barely) but then Chapter 11 and all it's bad design choices and surplus of instadeath happened. And then 20 more instadeaths happened in later chapters.I'm sorry, but when a game crosses your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t threshold for the last time, you need to put your foot down and say ♥♥♥♥ this game and all it's♥♥♥♥♥♥design choices.It's an otherwise decent game plagued by some really bad design flaws, and ocean of instadeath. Oh and magically bad hitboxes when you least expect it.Game thankfully doesn't have QTEs for the most part, besides cranking a lever every now and then. Well I guess there's the bomb defusal QTEs if you have the reflexes of a paranoid flee and think a bomb in your face is worth 2 trap parts.I'm actually pretty amazed the game didn't crash once so far, so at least they fixed some♥♥♥♥♥♥after launch.Also one more thing, stop giving guns to zombies, it's just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and infuriating."
76561198045783578,Recommended,268050,33172028,Posted: 3 July,all,Warhopper,"This was a weird spiritual successor to RE4 that actually turned out to be pretty good.  I'm not going to lie to you and tell you that its flawless, cause its defintly not.  It's a B game with a triple A budget.  The story never even tries to make sense or explain itself to you. Your character has such a disconnect to the things going on that its honestly like he doesn't actually see what your seeing.  He remains emotionless and never comments on the fact that a monster man with two head has an arm coming out of his chest, but it does fit the absurdist feeling of Resident Evil without actually grounding it in anything.  I dug the fact that its like a huge bad acid trip, but your going to have to be down for that.  The combat is just like RE4 or RE5, you can move though so it does improve on that aspect. What's really nice is there is no direct upgrades to a a certain weapon class so the weapons you have are with you for the rest of the game.  That allowed me to be alot more invested in each individual upgrade instead of just bidding my time waiting for the better version to drop.  There are many ways to take out of enemies and I thought that the game nailed the ammo scaricity.  There are actually times where I survived with no ammo for my primary guns and had to get inventive.  I would recommend this game if you want to see what a new follow up to RE4 would be like, but don't expect more than a B game would normally get you."
76561198126070886,Recommended,268050,24745362,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,BigFat Chunk,"There's not too many good horror games out there but this one stands out from the others. If you're looking for a high quality horror game this is for you. The only downside I had with this game is the storyline felt a little too long sometimes, but other than that I had a great time playing"
,Recommended,268050,12593941,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,K-Hole,"Good classic survival horror that doesn't mess around, buckets of blood and guts with some psychological elements thrown in. Plenty of intense battles that will leave you panting for breath as you realize you have been blown into several pieces before you could say ""Shinji Mikami you've done it again!"" Survival horror is back baby! ;)"
76561198053188921,Recommended,268050,13787611,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sunrise Samurai,"It plays like Resident Evil 4, what's not to like?"
76561198211733932,Recommended,268050,23851392,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Joules,"The game visual and mechanics are good. This is like a 90% stealth game and it's brutal, a lot of instant kills will make you go back almost 1 hour!  After the first chapters everything get better you get upgrades, weapons, health, etc but still 1 mistake and your'e doom. Anyway besides this little detail I do recommend the game because it has solid gameplay, a long and weird story (even tough i dislike the story is well thought), good graphics, some of the strangest bosses and replay value, if you like this game you can play again with updgrades making it more action oriented.As you know this was made by one of the Resident Evil guys and it shows a lot. If you don't like RE4,5,6 probably won't like this one as is heavily influenced  by these games (but different somehow, specially since this is more stealth).So if you can pass through some really frustrating instant kills it's actually kind of enjoyable. (+ a least tries something different in terms of story)"
76561197985072747,Recommended,268050,14480546,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre -Japanese Survival Horror.Progress - At the time of writing this review I was on chapter 6 1/2 on casual difficulty.Favourite games in similar genre - Resident Evil the remake, The Thing (Xbox), Outlast and Alan Wake.Review - Okay so this would clearly sneak into my top games in the genre. It manages to add enough new game mechanics to be interesting. The difficulty on casual is challenging still but not impossible (although you might be tempted to look for odd hints. best avoided though, only done once so far as got stuck in environment). The characters are quite cool, and you can relate to them. The enemies are varied and with limited resources will need brains over brawn. There are some memorable nasties and a few moments that could make you jump thrown in. The graphics are nice and the sound atmospheric. Definately worth a look if you are a fan of the genre, and maybe even if not. Each chapter is fairly lengthy and there are at least 14 judging by achievements so a lot of gameplay. Also you can always try the harder modes unless you are hardcore already!"
76561197971020587,Recommended,268050,16282118,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,K-Nin3,"This game gets a full recommendation from me, its a awesome game. Im yet to play the dlc`s so this is just the main game im talking about here. When I first started playing the game I wasnt amazed, it seemed slow and the story was going straight over my head. Its not until youre second play through you begin to understand the jist of it all. The game plays very similar to a resident evil so if youve ever played one of those youre know what to expect. The world which this game takes place in is nothing short of awesome!! dream like and freaky is the best way to describe it. Rooms warp into others leaving the main character unsure of where he actually is. The graphics are decent with some great special effects and the sound is once again top quality. It mayb like Resident Evil and be made by the same guy but it doesnt suffer from that games crap camera angles, choosing a third person view has worked well along with well timed cut scenes. At parts this game will scare you... particularly Laura, she reminds me of the grudge and the ring `shivers`. Overall a great game, one I totally recommend to anyone stupid enough to read this. Achievement wise it takes 3-4 playthrough`s to 100%.9/10"
76561197998609864,Recommended,268050,12690948,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,AngelFire,"Good Game (change aspect ratio) No problems, interesting story line, hard game in some areas, 15 chapters and lots of stuff to do. You never know when you turn a corner are you gonna die by a trap or be thrown into another world. So the game never got boring with a wide variety of monsters to fight. The games a mash up of Resident evil, hell raiser movies, and outlast, you even get some dead space goo stuff towards the end. The game was not really scary , some stuff maybe alittle disturbing, it was more like a phycological thriller. Anyways if you play any of the games mentioned you should like this one. Only con I have is when your crouched and aim your weapon you stand up."
,Recommended,268050,12493595,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,mewn,"Old-school cool. Getting RE4 vibes while playing.Best described as a mix of RE4 - Shutter Island and InceptionDon't get all worked out about the fps lock or the wide format : what's next, complaining about the fixed camera in RE ?"
76561198101289507,Recommended,268050,14582521,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ロリ レスティア,หนุกมากกกก :D
,Recommended,268050,13779004,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Malkavian,"The Evil Withinis gruesome treat -- it doesn't revolutionize the field, but as one of the fathers of the horror-survival genreShinji Mikamidelivers an incredibly entertaining experience. The game displays a masterful handling of horror elements, while struggling just a bit with some of its technical aspects. For instance, adjusting the third-person camera angles as you run or walk around can be awkward at times. The shooting mechanics can also become tedious at times, but that's mostly due to the tension being brought by trying to escape a chainsaw wielding sadist that frequently appears throughout the game. On the other hand, the stealth mechanics are implemented effectively and truly heighten the fight v. flight aspect of exploration.In any case,The Evil Withinsurpasses whatever small amount of technical trouble it has to deliver an engrossing gore fest. The game is terrifying, and when it's not overtly trying to scare you with horrific jump scares that almost always lead into enemy battles, it builds its horror through its world around you.The Evil Withinhas explorable, well-designed creepy levels. You might have to explore a nightmarish village inhabitted by cannibals withthe Sadist, a chainsaw wielding fiend covered in blood, lurking around and waiting to add you to his collection. Or, you might have to fleeReborn Laura, an eight-legged, long-haired creature, through an undeground maze.The main gameplay consists of scavenging for supplies and learning when to fight or run the dangers of the game. These range from minor threats such as bear traps, barbed wire traps and spike traps to full-fledged main antagonists. The player needs you constantly adapt and make use of their environment to survive. Now, not all bosses can be defeated at all times. The game will throw you in some situations where, if you try to fight the main antagonist, you will die a horrible death. And although the 'death scene' cinematic will be as incredible as it is terrifying, you won't progress forward. You have to adapt, read the environment around you and decide whether to fight or run. These encounters are not punititive. In fact, they almost always teach you a way to defeat the boss in a later encounter. I think two-part (sometimes three, or four) approach to boss battles is interesting because it provides encounters where the player can actually be terrified because they are not thinking of winning strategies, what items to use and so forth; instead, they are just fleeing. Later, they will encouter the same boss again, and will be able to face their fears while actually focusing on defeating the enemy.The writing inThe Evil Withincan be confusing. The overall plot has Sebastian Castellanos, a veteran police detective, investigating a gruesome mass murder at their local Beacon Mental Hostipal. Once inside, they are greeted by a malevolent force that slaughters some friendly officers and knocks Sebastian unconscious. He then awakens in a demented world where Krimson City is experiecing unreal weather shifts and hideous monsters wandering about. Shortly after the game begins, and you must complete a single-story through arranged chapters. Later on the game adds laboratory expriments, psychic abilities and other world-y reasons to explain changes in the plot and it can all seem a little convoluted. But, that doesn't matter, because by then you'll be so engaged with this nightmare that you'll bear with it to completion.All in all, the creative director behindThe Resident Evilfranchise does not fail to deliver a spectacular game. It has it's small difficulties in some technical and writing aspects, but the horror elements and level design are so masterfully handled that it will be worth it. Plus, it has a good soundtrack, withClaire De Lunebeing my definitely favorite track. It's the one played in the player's 'safe zone', nursing ward where you can save the game, perform upgrades and just relax. It juxtaposes effectivley with the hell the player is stuck in and serves a nice breath of fresh air.If you enjoy the way I review games, join and follow my curator group! It comes with a fun discord channel for horror fans to chill and game.Malkavian Madness"
,Recommended,268050,13873983,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"This game is fun, but could be better. i love some of the elements in this game though.NOTE:punch the idiot who decided to put the part where you run down a narrow hallway with the box head at the other end and traps all over the floor and you are forced to run backwards controls while the spikes from the ceiling fall behind you, so stupid, way over the top difficult. you should be able to use the forward control to move forward.... this part is crap either way and should be removed! way to hard to control and even harder to see the traps infront of you cause you are viewing backwards, running towards the camera.there are a crap ton of parts in this game that just flat out suck, but the above takes the cake. but the above very well might just make you break a few keyboard, even a 3000 dollar pc. be warned!PROS:ammo is very limited and that leaves you in a position where you have to find other means to kill your enemies at times.you can sneak up on, and kill your enemies silently.you can hide from your enemies, very helpful at times, and it really adds to the games atmosphere.the game is challenging (also a con)upgrading your character and weaponsboss fights (also a con)throw things away from you to distract your enemy and have him follow the sound, then sneak behind him and take him out or just pass by.kill enemy, take his fire stick or axe and kill another enemyCONS:challenging but sometimes way over the top challenging. there are parts you will do again, and again, and again, and again....you might break a 3000 dollar computer in the process :)boss fights, are way to many. later on in the game it started feeling like nothing but boss fights, with little time between.bosses kill you in 1 hit in MOST fights. they cant touch you, if they do you lose. my biggest issue with this game.i didn't care much for the story, it was kind of interesting but it got pretty stupid imo...the ending was trash. not the worst ending in the world, but still not that great.the main character seems bland, not enough to him to make you like him. maybe some more back story to him or idk, but he's lacking in certain areas.there are more elements to both pro's and cons but I'll add those at a later time. hope this is helpful."
76561198152361502,Recommended,268050,14077532,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,WOAH LEGOS ARE AWESOME,"I am currently on Chapter 3 of the game and I have been working on it for like an hour and a half, I had to turn down the game diffuculty because I couldn't get half way accross the area before dying by some random attack. The combat is not the best but what can you expect from a horror game. The sneaking just drags on and on, you have to sneak all accross the game if you want to stay alive. But this isn't a bad game it just needs a few more tweaks and it should be a pretty good horror game. Wait for this game to go on sell again if you want to buy it because as of right now, it is not worth $60."
,Recommended,268050,14066805,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Goo6i,"I hate the keeper, would C4 if I could.overall gaming experience: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,268050,25158678,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Primary,"Pretty spooky game; fun stuff. The DLC is alright, it's all stealth and I really only played it cause I wanted to know what Kidman was up to. It filled in some holes and revealed some interesting stuff. The game can be kind of tough, but not that unfair. There are a few minor issues with it, but I'd still recommend it if you like horror games. The animations can be really nice and the atmosphere is ♥♥♥♥in great."
54196161406544205,Recommended,268050,27710982,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Elusive Jester,This game deserves soooo much love!
,Recommended,268050,27700144,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ATF_Hsp Zen //,I love playing this game from start to end. the story is very intense and the killing scenes are awsome and bloody.make sure to die to every enemy at leas once you wont regret it have a good gaming experience and be safe.
,Recommended,268050,25219795,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Norcla,"I liked this game. First, the atmosphere is amazing. When you start, you get thrown into an unfamiliar and dangerous world which you'll need to figure out. Second, graphics are great - textures, character models, and animations look amazing. Blurry textures in some parts, but all-in-all nice graphics. Third, gameplay is well-structured and challenging - great mix of combat, stealth, and figuring out how to get through (i.e. each level is a big puzzle).Two things that I didn't appreciate - weapons feel very underpowered and playing can get very tedious. On the former, it takes multiple pistol and shotgun rounds just to kill a regular enemy. Though this is a survival horror game, it felt like the weapons were too weak. On the latter, there were too many complex gameplay scenarios thrown at you in every major moment, so it can feel tiring after you've played for an hour.8.5/10"
,Recommended,268050,27915501,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SLURM187,"Resident Evil 4 changed games forever. The over the shoulder shoting mechanics spawned a new type of shooting game, and revived a series that was starting to feel overdone. Resident Evil 5...not great. Resident Evil 6...I am not even going to say anything. Evil Within remembers what made horror games great. You wanna know what it is? It's actually scary. WOW! What a genius idea...making a horror game scary. Too many developers decided that RAMBO needed to be the protagonist in their horror games. Having big crazy giant weapons with tons of ammo defeats the purpose, and takes away any element of being scared in you horror game. The Evil Within does a great job of making you feel like you have some power, but are still incredibly vulnerable. I had situations in this game where I got to a boss with like no ammo. I had to struggle and figure out how the hell I was going to progress with like 10 pistol rounds and 3 shotgun shells with a room full of enemies. Horror games should make you feel uncomfortable. You should feel like entering the next room is something you may or may not do...tonight...maybe tomorrow. The Evil Within is a great horror game because it doesn't try to cater to a casual audience. It is a horror game made for people who genuinely enjoy feeling like crap when they play a scary game."
,Recommended,268050,14420330,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,VGS,"Ни в коем случае не проходите мимо этой игры. Получился отличный хоррор. Реально отличный.Сюжет довольно мрачноват, впрочем как и сама игра. Главный герой оказывается во мире невообразимого ужаса и страха,  где вынужден отчаянно бороться за свою жизнь. Такого количества страха и кошмара я ещё ни в одной игре не видел. И это всё предстоит пережить главному герою.  Атмосфера постоянно накаляет, звуковое сопровождение  на высоком уровне.Любители жанра хоррор будут в восторге (это я про себя :D).9/10"
76561198038905471,Recommended,268050,19353686,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,komoriblues,"This is an awesome game, but you have to get used to the pacing. If you're trying to play this like the more recent adaptations to ""survival horror"" you're going to die a lot. The game is very unforgiving. Play it methodically and patiently and it grows on you in leaps and bounds.Here are some technical fixes to really improve the gaming experience too (Side note, I really like the letterboxing but it can be disabled in MANY ways not mentioned here. The easiest being in the game menus...):***How to remove the 30fps cap***-Select the game from Steam library, right click on it and select properties.-Add ""+com_allowconsole 1"" (without quotes) to Launch Options from General tab.-Run the game and open the console with ""insert"" key.-""r_swapinterval 0"" (without quotes) for fully unlock the fps.-""r_swapinterval -1"" (without quotes) for 60fps cap.-""r_swapinterval -2"" (without quotes) for 30fps cap, this is the default value.**Get this for an FOV fix to keep you zoomed out a little bit more**:http://w w w.f l a w l e s s w i d e s c r e e n.o r g/#FWSDownload"
76561198069735211,Not Recommended,268050,17392303,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DaHotFuzz,"A slightly above average survival horror game which does just what this genre is supposed to do and I believe is expected from horror fanatics like myself...but nothing more.  Uncharacteristic of a majority of 'horror' games recently, Evil Within does a solid job at providing (in most combat situations) just enough ammo to get by which makes the survival aspect of this game true to its word.  Combat is more or less acceptable in that you have a variety of weapons at your disposal along with tools in the environment to use against enemies such as glass bottles for distractions or hand axes for one-hit kills.  It's fun and fast paced despite a few sluggish controls.  A notable example is during intense scenes where you have to fight in enclosed spaces, it would have been nice to have a 180 degree turn like in Resident Evil 4.  Another minor complaint I have is that I wish there was some sort of reticle when aiming bottles at enemy heads; Sometimes I would aim right for their head and miss completely. Kind of annoying.The money dropped after killing enemies to purchase weapon/ability upgrades can get rather frustrating because it takes a few seconds to pick up, and there are moments in the game where if you don't pick up the money you can't return for it because you are essentially on the clock to get somewhere and are being swarmed by enemies.  It would have been preferable for there to be an auto-pick up for money.  I think the lack of this feature takes away from the fun in combat.    The environment is beautifully rendered and at times I have stopped myself to take a few screenshots, however, the textures popping in and out from the distance is distracting and the immersion wanes.The AI in this game is remeniscent of Resident Evil 5 where Sheva would be pretty much useless in the heat of battle.  Here I can be at low health with no ammo, lure an enemy near the AI and he just stands there against a wall or walks a few meaningless steps until I'm pinned on the ground.  The best thing about the AI is you can heal him for free.  They are at most a distraction for you to bide your time/reload/heal.  My biggest issue of all is the atrocious fps inconsistencies throughout the entire game so far.  I can go from ~30fps or lower to 60.  It does not matter how much I play around with the minimal graphic settings available, fps doesn't change.  There are some scenes which look amazing where the fps is consistently good but others that are of similar quality where the fps is consistently horrible.  I have not encountered any other game where my fps behaves this way and I have played similarily demanding titles.I'm on chapter 6 currently and while I don't regret buying this because I caught it at a decent price, it is something I could have passed up.  The Evil Within started out as a promising survival horror but was quickly overshadowed by a number of design flaws ranging from controls or lackthereof, sluggish aiming, optimization, and poor AI mechanics.  I hope my opinion on this game becomes more acceptable as I approach completion.6.0/10"
,Recommended,268050,14873677,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Quake,"A masterpiece from the creator of resident evil, Shinji Mikami, that bring us back moments of terror, tension and some action on the survival horror genre. This game feels a little bit, in terms of gameplay, like a mix of Dead Space and Resident Evil series, but with some new ideas on the creation and design of the enemies, and the environment of the game itself. I recommend this game, and also, there is a new DLC, The Assignment, with a pretty cool and different gameplay that also i recommend it. Some people say that the main story should have been like The Assignment DLC, but that is another history. By the way, the PC version looks a lot better than the Xbox One and PS4 versions ;)."
,Recommended,268050,14525734,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Isaac Clarke,"It took me total of 33 hours to complete my 1st playthrough of the game including getting all collectables. I know a lot of people have different opinions on this game. About half of them like this game and as for the other half..hated this game a lot because it brought so many problems to them. For me personally, I didn't encounted any problems until the completion of all 15 chapters except the game crashes itself this only and final 1 time in the starting of the game in chapter 1. The other notable complains from some people are..some parts of the game is similar to Resident Evil 6..which they think is absurd. They feel that if T.E.W. added the action aspects, the horror aspect will be gone. Different people have different opinions. My stated opinion is...I like action and horror aspect in games like T.E.W. Depending of people's decision..you can choose to get this game or to ignore this game, if you do want to pick up this game..recommended getting the game during sales."
,Recommended,268050,17431802,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Aphex Pesuto,"Have you played Resident Evil 4?Do you like survival horror (although, horror may vary) and weapon management (sorry, inventory puzzles aren't in this)?Well, it's kind of like RE4, but on drugs.Baaaaaaaad drugs."
,Recommended,268050,27104197,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♬AvantoMusic♬,"Now, i know alot of people expected it to be scary (which it really wasnt). But holy cow can it get tense."
76561198025020226,Recommended,268050,18852090,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Left_4_Pillz,"To me this game felt like a creepier, goryer, darker Resident Evil 4. This game does not hold your hand and it will leave you to get lost in super market of death. If you are an experienced horror surviver gamer looking for a challenge, you've come to the right game."
,Recommended,268050,16937734,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Death's Grasp,So Resident Evil 4 walks into a bar and has too much to drink. The ending result is a twisted walk down memory lane with human thoughts reincarnated in the form of malicous monsters out to slaughter you. Which isn't so bad.... right?PROS:- Good Graphical Style with Beautiful Textures- Thorough Upgrade System- Interesting/Challenging Boss Battles- Great Atmosphere/EnvironmentsCONS:- Story can be confusing- FPS locks (But can be taken off with developer mode active at your own risk)- Sometimes feels more like action rather than survival horror- Main Character can seem Ehhh... BlandConclusion: Not perfect but is still enjoyable and worth a buy especially when on sale 8/10
,Recommended,268050,16389609,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Abibe,do you see how long a compaign should be?
,Recommended,268050,32926722,Posted: 28 June,all,leSpotley,"Has its flaws (bugs,bad design choices like forcing you to watch an unscipable cutscene after each death, weak characters, wonky controls which are very noticable during some jumping parts). But overall the atmosphere, environment changes frequently to keep you interested, its fun to shoot stuff/blow up heads, story is decent if you think into it. 7/10Just keep in mind that the game isnt optimised that well so there will be some performance issues, if you can put that past you the value is worth it."
,Recommended,268050,33402884,Posted: 9 July,all,J@son,"A truly underrated horror gem.If you enjoyed ""Resident Evil 4"", you owe it to yourself to play ""The Evil Within""."
,Recommended,268050,14149889,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lynalee,"One moment, I'm investigating a run-down hospital/asylum/[insert generic horror game setting here]. No big deal. I have a sick trenchcoat, guys. I got this.The next, I'm being chased through the corridors by a chainsaw-wielding guy with a serious pituitary gland condition and aslightspeech impediment, only to fall into what could only be described as the world's worst Slip 'N Slide and land, face-first, in a waist-deep pool of blood and offal.I'm asexual, and I would gladly have this game's babies if it asked me politely enough."
76561198020833183,Recommended,268050,13684720,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Lenny pls ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I don't know why there are so many negative comments.I've never played any of the Resident Evil games so my yardstick unlike most people wasn't ""OMGTHISISNTLIKERESIDENTEVIL!!1111!""It's basically a little bit of F.E.A.R., a little bit of Outlast, some Inception and a whole lotta Dead Space."
,Recommended,268050,13343285,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,xillluciusx,"Okay... I was a bit skeptical of playing this after seeing gameplays prior it's release cause of the 30 fps being locked and the annoying black bars for trying to give it a cinematic look which was kinda stupid considering they are good for the  cutscenes only and not for the gameplay but after having the fixes available to unlock the fps to 60 and removing the black bars and seeing how it really should of been done it is quite a good game.To summon this one up it's like playing Resident Evil 4, but with tactics of The Last of Us. Do not underestimate these zombies cause they are harder than the ones in resident evil... they are vicious and deadly within a few hits. This game is all about being smart and stealthy, and most of all conserving your ammunition. Every bullet in this one counts. As of this game being scary? It only had one good jump scare and that's about it, this isn't scary at all it's just more gory.I'd rate this game an 8.8/10 and would recommend if you wanna play something new and different."
,Recommended,268050,13845915,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,It feels like RE4 that what if RE4 never goes away in the Spanish village and replace virus with mental issues.-Gameplay is RE4 tank controls except you can move the character. Playing feels scary because of the awkward controls.-The match mechanic (burning your enemies) doesn't really work too well. It only works when it feels like working.-Stealth is dumb and satisfying like that Last of Us movie on the PS3. Though it is forgiving that not all enemies magically notify your position.-Story does make sense but with the help of the collectables throughout the game.-I hope you like gore. It has lots of plastic gore.-Whose idea was it to put all that blurry effects on the screen only to cut your FPS in half?-The atmosphere and sound is fantastic. Play it in a dark room and with full speakers or good headphones.Game is worth playing at least once especially if you loved RE4.
,Recommended,268050,14299688,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,squid,Tried to hook up with this sexy girl with 8 arms.  She proceeded to smash my face to the ground.12/10 for sexy girls
,Recommended,268050,34667189,Posted: 1 September,all,Cengage,"I'm going to be short and straight to the point. This game is nowhere near perfect and it's not for everyone, but I thought it was a very enjoyable experience. Anyone who is a fan of the horror genre should give it a try.I'll start with the good stuff:+ The gameplay is very reminiscent of Resident Evil 4 with scarce ammo throughout the whole thing and enemies dodging your attacks. The boss fights in this game are really fun as well.+ The stealth isn't anything amazing, but it's a nice and fun addition. One thing I feel I should point out is that stealth is a MUST in some situations in order to save up on ammo.+ I love the creepy and hellish atmospshere, although I must admit you get used to it towards the end.+ Being a huge fan of monster movies, I can confirm the monsters in this game are awesome and scary as hell.+ The story might be a mixed bag for most people, but I personally enjoyed it. You play as a detective known as Sebastian Castellanos, who is called in to investigate multiple homicides at a hospital. Things go really bad for everyone involved, because it's a horror game (duh). You have to play the game from start to finish to really comprehend what is going on, and that also includes the DLC.Now onto the negatives:- The AI in this game isn't very good in most cases, but it's nothing game-breaking.- There are a few parts where the game becomes insanely difficult and can leave you frustrated.- The checkpoint system forces you to re-watch certain unskippable cutscenes if you die.- Most of the characters are uninteresting and very forgettable.- The PC port isn't very good. I struggled to run this game at 60 FPS.In conclusion, this game is definitely worth the price of $20 US dollars, but I recommend getting it on sale with the all the DLC for the full experience. This game isn't GOTY material by any means but it's extremely underrated. I'm very optimistic for the upcoming sequel."
76561198003435916,Recommended,268050,14892502,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ash,"Summary: A flawed horror game that is slow to start, but once it does it firmly establishes itself as a horror classicPros:- Very atmospheric with a genuinely high creep factor- Top quality effects, graphics, animations, environments etc- Voice acting, music  and storyline is high quality if not perfect- Comprehensive skill tree that feels satisfying once you progress past the 1/3 mark- The game feels cohesive, i.e. all elements feel consistent e.g. gameplay, sounds, etc..Cons:- After a ripping, exciting start the game drags through the first couple of chapters- The storyline is a little bit non-sensical, but personally I didn't find it too bad- Movement is clunky, although not as bad as the original RE series- The camera is pretty awkward esp. in tight spaces- The nominal game price is too highI've played just about every recent horror game (Alien, Dying Light, etc) and I have to say although it's not my favorite game, The Evil Within (TEW) is still a top quality one.If you enjoyed the original Resident Evil series of games, you will be right at home with TEW.  It features clunky combat and heavy atmosphere.A lot of people seemed to complain that the story was too illogical and that the protagonist was cliche, but I didn't have a problem with it personally.  I felt that it all worked pretty well.With most horror games, I usually ask the question: is this game spooky, and can it keep me engaged?  The answer here is a definitive yes.  It is firmly an action horror, as you can fight back, but there are many fights you have where you aren't able to outright kill certain creatures.  You have to find other means in the environment to keep them at bay while you are running away.These moments are tense and terrifying especially when you lose sight of those creatures and you can still hear them.I have to give kudos to the developers for the top-notch quality for the entire game - the environments are believably dirty, run-down and gross.  The sounds and music are critical to horror games.  These are also top notch.So while I can't totally recommend this game at it's full price, if you do see it on a discount, and you are a hardcore horror fan as I am, you should get it right away.  Although it has its flaws, it is still a solid must-play entry into the AAA horror genre.Rating: 7.5/10 Brains"
76561197984538741,Recommended,268050,26546404,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rudix,Almost no cheap scares - an actionthriller with horror atmosphere.8/10
76561198043300366,Recommended,268050,26440525,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ownagee,"Excelente juego no le pongo ni un pero, Shinji Mikami se saco un cien, es como Resident Evil 5 debio de haber sido. Ojala y vuelva Mikami a dirigir Resident Evil algun dia."
76561198091416352,Recommended,268050,21320703,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Inquisitor,"From this game I expect more....- GraphicsCinematics graphics? Keep it for horror films. But this graphic not that bad, detailing and texture looking pretty well, maybe some colors looking dimly, game look dark, but I think that is good for atmosphere in game.-GameplayGameplay is actually good, as alway you have some kinds of weapons (shotgun, revolver, crossbow, sniper gun), but control your character is definitely fall, sometime this control system make me mad. Also big one minus, sometime your companion is running away from fight.-SoundtracksSoundtracks in this game is awesome and make game very atmospheric-StorylineWell, storyline is good to, not banal for horror game, anyway that is psychological horror and storyline is one of main things in this genre-At leastWell this game is between bad and good game. Actually that game is not scary, not even a little bit, but very atmospheric, but anyway I recommend this game, if you like good atmospheric game, so you can try this one. Especially I recommend this game to fans of Resident Evil7.1/10Review by Inquisitor."
,Recommended,268050,16974172,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ashes,"Finally finished the campaign in this game.The story was a little confusing at times. The game was overall pretty difficult, I died alot. But it was gorey and fun!"
76561198083196741,Not Recommended,268050,29940286,Posted: 15 February,all,LS7,"Prosgood atmosphereBosses and special monsters are scary-ishnice graphicsruns at max settings on budget hardwareconsObviously ported from console to PC. This game is supposed to be played with a controller and you notice that, if you play with a mouse and keyboard. Also locked at 30fps and in a stupid ""letterbox"" screen layout by default.Bad autosave points. If there is some kind of ""event"" in the game and you die while completing it, you have to start all over again. This can take several minutes and is really frustrating.Level design. sometimes its good, but most of the times its ""meh"", because there´s only one way to beat it.Combat. Close combat is really bad, except you have a weapon, which you can only use once. Yes, once. You found an axe, hit someone with it, it´s gone. Must be the world crappiest axes. Also, bosses are way to easy to beat.Too many weapons and too much ammunition. I played on survival difficulty and there´s ammo everywhere. I expected a gameplay, in which i had to sneak past my enemies, be stealthy and maybe sneak kill them, but nope. There´s enough ammo to just shoot every enemy you encounter to death.Opening doors. I spent at least an hour of my game time watching this guy open doors reeeeeeeaaaaally slow. And they all make this standard horror-movie screeching sound. Annoying.Lame characters. S**t goes crazy around them and they are like ""you alright? we gotta get out of here.""Story. At first i thought ""well, that looks pretty interesting"".Then you encounter these zombie-like humans and that was the first disappointment. But it gets worse. At some point, your lame♥♥♥♥♥characters discover that the´re just in some guys nightmare. What a twist! for the worse.Unless you get this on sale for cheap or in a bundle, it´s not really worth buying, imo."
,Recommended,268050,21505292,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Dragnr,"It's scary..a bit..lol. It's a good game, but not perfect..but I enjoy myself playing it..the DLC is nice too, play the same game again with a different perspective, so you can know the whole story 360..♥♥♥♥ing spider Laura!!.. If you are a fan then this should be in your library."
,Recommended,268050,14666967,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Jamjam,"If you enjoy RE4, you'll love this game. It's a bit scarier, the story is just as wonky, and the action is about the same.The game itself is quite long, if you pick it up on sale, you'll definitely get your moneys worth.As for the black bars+FPS cap, you can remove those fairly easily, just do a quick search on google.My specs:R9 290xi5 4590k16GB 2100 MHzWin 7Ran at 60+ fps after uncapping."
,Recommended,268050,12686885,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Kanjohto,"For those looking to buy the game, but are deterred by the reviews, please understand that they were all pre-patch. As of today, there has been a patch that eliminates the 30 FPS, letterbox issues, so the game can be customized to how you see fit. I honestly enjoy the game, although it isn't as scary as some other games. It really feels like a modern RE4, with better graphics, controls, etc. If RE4 is your kind of game, definitely check this out."
,Recommended,268050,19317051,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,CarotideEtude,"Highly polished, amazing environments from the worst nightmares, some memorable encounters...outweigh the some what ""seen it all before"" feeling. some basic puzzles and overall reliance on tired horror tropes."
,Recommended,268050,29660633,Posted: 2 February,all,December Man,"First time I tried the game in 2014 I was lukewarm towards it at best and intensely disliked it at worst. Primarily, because of the seemingly nonsensical story.All the doubts I had concerning the story in the base game were gone with DLCs (The Assignment and The Consequence), which I now played for the first time. What needs to be mentioned is that the explanations for the events taking place are not contrived in any way and shed some light on the mindset of the developers - they had the story all planned out, but decided to leave a lot of the elements in the dark to make it, I guess, more mysterious or open to interpretation. While it does make sense to omit the background events if one decides to tell the story purely from the perspective of the main character (Sebastian), it backfired by making it seem a boring, unoriginal rehash of ideas presented in an overcomplicated, incomprehensible way. However, the DLCs fix this by clearing nearly everything up, but still leaving enough questions unanswered for a potential sequel. The story turned out to be actually pretty good, fairly complex and well told (though the characters still fall flat). What's more, it made me care about the universe and be hopeful for a continuation.The Executioner DLC is a fun distraction - after being hunted by boogeymen, now you ARE the boogeyman.As for the rest of the game - it attempts to fuse Silent Hill and Resident Evil - the symbolism of creatures and travelling through diamensions of SH with the gameplay and some of the locations of RE. At first I hated it, but now I ask myself, why not? Why should SH be the only series of games that attempts heavy symbolism with its monstrosities? The Evil Within does it fairly well. Not as good as SH, but still. Gameplay wise it can be rough around the edges (the camera can be annoying, control of the character is not as responsive as I would like, a bit too many insta-kill enemies), however one can get used to it.Horror wise - the base game is not scary, but the two DLCs (The Assignment and The Consequence) are a lot slower paced (they focus on stealth above all else) and can be frightening. However, in all instances, the game succeeds at creating an environment where, no matter where you find yourself, you never feel safe - there is always that lingering, uncomfortable feeling present at all times.All in all I think The Evil Within has great sequel potential and, with enough polish, it can easily rival the best in the genre."
,Recommended,268050,16545379,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Not So Famous,"10/10 for a Horror GameFirst off, i was reading some of the negative reviews to determine if I should play this game or not and decided to buy this game on sale for $15.00.How can people call this game too linear this game was Excellent, there was always something new to be doing and many and I mean many character variations, you are never doing the same thing twice or fighting the same person, beside the main story. Great Game GG."
76561198071897894,Recommended,268050,20273891,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sc( + )pes,"I really really liked this game...The graphics I liked alot.  I've heard some complaints about that...and honestly I feel it was really good.  have 2x 980ti and running the game on max settings.The story I liked alot...The certain chapters that really stressed me out were lots of fun :pOverall I really recomend this game alotttt...I want another one like it already...Certain chapters it plays like Resident Evil 4 when using weapons vs general ""trash"" mobs...other chapters its like Metal Gear sneaking...and then you have some Chapters where you are just helpless and weapons don't do anything so you need to avoid the danger by running/not being touched.  There are puzzles...they aren't too hard but a nice addition...It's a great mix...I know this is what people are complaining about..that it is not uniform in it's genre...but I liked the balance and different styles put into one...Gave the game a different pace.  Definitely buy this even if you are not a hardcore horror fan...I would say the horror is about 7/10 in the ""Scary Scale"".9/10...for a 10 I think certain mechanics would need to be improved upon...but overall I WANT to give this a 10...I really enjoyed it and went straight into ""Nightmare Mode"" after beating it on normal...so did not get bored of it even after 1 playthrough."
,Recommended,268050,25066754,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Noume-,"ok its best horror and action game ever after Resident Evil 4.when first time to play, then the beginning of chapter 1, I was afraid and did not continue to play this LOL, then I finally dared to play thisThis story so good and dat endingGameplay its good tooGreat CharacterGraphic its awesome (unfortunately I settings medium that could fps stable, but its still good)Well this starts to get interesting, we must be careful of the enemy,Oh this stealth game too, you can kill enemy from behind if you dont want to do a problem with enemy lol (ex : save bullet, health etc) Except for several chapters where it's not a stealth gameAnd we can upgrade character and his weapon so we can survive against enemy even boss hahaThere are many more interestingWell its great game, for those who like Third Person Shooter, Action, Horror and Gore (?) Then recommendation to play it!"
76561198074018596,Recommended,268050,12691025,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Zeiram,The game starts off very very strong in the survival horror aspect but dies down a little bit after that. Even when it does die down you are still kept on the edge of your seat just waiting to see whats next. Some of the dialog seemed outta place nad felt like they didnt try hard enough to deliver on it but other then that a solid survival horror game.
,Recommended,268050,12534037,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,R1(4RD0,"wow, so many bad reviews just because of the black bars and 30 fps cap, the game was designed for that frame rate and it looks great, i'd say this is the perfect blend of Resident Evil 4 style of gameplay and action, with the more psicological and surreal terror of Silent Hill, the game offers a good challenge and your resources are limited, so you have to get creative on how to kill the enemies, using stealth and the environment in order to save ammo.I am loving this game so far, this is what Resident Evil 5 and 6 should have been like!"
76561198070964828,Recommended,268050,12524437,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Nana,"If you love Resident Evil 1-4. The Evil Within is a real sequel for you.- Enjoyable, deep and exciting gunplay.- Surprising Element throughout gameplay. Not a shallow gameplay.- Great and very detailed atmosphere.- Mostly Residnet Evil 4's style(Same Creator of Resident 1-4) plus Silent Hill feeling mixed up in this game.- The 30fps of game is becuase director of this game want player to experience the game in this way but not because they can'y make the game runs on more fps.- Black bar is same reason as 30fps.- I love Jill Valentine and Julie Kidman, Woman protagonist in this game reminds me of her :DThe summary : This game isn't a game that create for milking money. It has style and intension to create a great gaming experience. A lot of efforts had put into this game and the result is a game that is just as good as Resident Evil 1-4 to be honest and this game really have that replayability for me. I really recommend this game to a person who really love Resident Evil 1-4 and wants a real sequel to it.This is a review base on myself and you don't need to agree with everything I said."
,Not Recommended,268050,13102817,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kainnemesis,"This game is badly optimized(consistant frame skips) and barely any PC configuration for GPU settings.This game is really hard on your graphics cards, cuz its shitly optimized but no performance hindrance on the CPU it seems, also experencing random crashes playing the game(crashes on menu) Another UBISOFT in bethsda clothing.Updated #1The only way to play this is using a 3rd party software tool like  iOBIT ""System Care Pro"" to turn off any program and start up services in back ground to free up cpu/ram for this game.Frame skip is really annoying in this game espically during bosses cuz when you shoot and skip occurs, you'll likely miss b/c of it. to address this issue i have to use the ""Turbo Boost"" feature from iObit ""System Care Pro"" to stop it.Note while playing this game..... only 25% of my 16GIG Ram was being used and CPU usages was 15-30%.If it wasnt for the bad optimization and crashes, this would be 1 ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game but its annoying at how much of a length i have to go through just to play this ♥♥♥♥ing game!!!!SERIOUSLY BAD OPTIMIZATION!!!Update #2all efforts to play this game seemless is futile. @ Chapter 15 i was crashing 100% of the time which made it impossible for me to play this game. Had to use certain ""launch Commands"" just to be able to get pass the stage however the game looked bland. Until there is a ""Performance/Optimization"" patch, i recommand you stay away from this game.This is the website that list all known issue and benifits from a lot of games, and includes well detailed solutions some solid and some so not(makes game look bland just be to finish the storyline)http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/The_Evil_Within**Also.... never in my life i asked for a refund on steam until now...**!!!!!!DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!CPU: i7-3770kGHz 3.50GPU: Evga GTX 680 2GIG RAMRAM: 16 GIGs"
76561198238289346,Recommended,268050,34030061,Posted: 4 August,all,breze,"Loved the game. Even though it's slow at the start, just keep on playing, it gets a lot better.Def going to try to pre-order The Evil Within 2."
,Not Recommended,268050,29853652,Posted: 11 February,all,NGI-recon.JPereira,"Long story short: the good horror game is in the demo. The rest feels like a crossover between RE4 an SH: Homecomming writen by tentacle hentai horror doujinshin writer too much into hollywood action movies and not that much into sex or horror of any kind. The graphics are great, but poorly optimized in comparison to other games of the same kind and time with a bad taste design.I have to inform you, that I'll compare this game A LOT to RE4, and unlike most I HATE RE4. Don't take it wrong, RE4 is not that bad a game. It's actually a reasonable action game and a very original one at the time of its release but a bad Resident Evil and a awfull Horror Game, and its flaws as an Horror Game (or Survival Horror for that matter) are magnified in The Evil Within.So. I've finally finished this game and I can't recommend it to anyone looking for an good exclusively action, stealth or horror game. Although The Evil Within is not a bad game per se, the same way as RE4, it suffers from being a Duck. The duck can fly, the duck can walk, and the duck can swim, but none of those with any grace.The Evil Within is clearly a game that suffered from it's great ambitions. It doesn't cut as an Action Game. You'll find weapons and ammo enough to shoot and kill almost every enemy you can, and have some spare to shoot some enemies that can't be killed - at normal difficulty and lower - but its clumsy. You can aim, but the camera zooms toó much and moves too far away from the character, leaving you in situations were enemies that seems to be close enough and in position to be point blank shoot, but will be missed, because the crosshair clearly is not doing its job.The camera will also always stick to your right side when not crouching, making it impossible to find and shoot things that are in a hallway to your left. Crouching also doesn't help because you can't shoot while crouching, except for throwing bottles to distract enemies.Inventory management feels weird. Ammo doesn't occupy a place or slot, but you're limited to a short amount per weapon. But you'll collect quite a few weapons during the game, making the purpose of ammo rationing quite useless unless in harder difficulties. If you aim well enough to kill an enemy fast and have spare ammo for the next, you'll never have an inventory empty, nor full.Enemies fall onto two groups: zombies and bosses.Zombies will behave almost exactly like their RE4 older cousins, except that a headshot will not kill them unless you've completely cut their heads off. I missed this part of biology classes but apparently the brain is truly located in the lower part of the jaws.Bosses on the other hand have no brains. Headshots don't do greater damage and one of them (or two?) is actually invulnerable from headshots. Their design also is uninspired for both bosses and zombies, ranging from zombie that fell on barbed wire to ripoffs and mashups from famous franchises and myths such as Samara from The Ring had a daughter from Goro (MK), Pyramid Head from SH2 with a safe covering his head and a small sledgehammer, a mutilated spin of the classic Cerberus - the Three Headed Dog, and many others.The AI is dumb, and once they notice your presence will just rush towards you mindlesly. Most of the bosses do the same, and although not that hard, most have an 1-hit-kill attack. So if you miss something once: you're dead!The Evil Within doesn't cut as an Stealth Game. One of its biggest selling points is that stealth is a great deal, and the environment plays a great role in dealing with enemies. But almost half of the traps don't affect anyone other than you, or if they affect, are never placed in zones with other enemies. Other traps just cannot be sneaked over, and work only as a door that you have to stop and open.Many levels force you into combat in the end, kind of killing the point of stealth.If you're really into it, you can activate a detection alert, that shows you when enemies are searching for you or have already found you, but it only work with enemies that are close enough so that you're almost sure to kill him, or will on some rare cases it may give you signs of life from enemies that are only found later in the game, but their rooms a right on the other side of the wall besides you. Many enemies spot you when you enter the room and attack you instantly, or will act like haven't spotted and kill you in a 1-hit-kill trap.Environmental traps show a sh***y design choice. Many only exist in one place, once in the game, and if you're not watching for a game that's trying to f*** with you, they're first presented by killing you! It really kills the mood.Lastly, The Evil Within doesn't cut as a Horror Game. Every mechanic in the game is present so that a player that has mastery with it will fell empowered by their control of the environment. And mastery removes the fear, the horror and the terror that a game like The Evil Within was supposed to provide. Same as RE4.Their mechanics rewards me as a player for going against what brings those feelings in the game. Weapon Upgrades can be bought with a currency called green gel, that is largely rewarded from killing enemies, although possible to acquire solely from explorarion. By forcing me into combat I, as a player will grow used to them and in turn won't be afraid of them anymore. Take a game like Dead Space where upgrade points are only found through exploration and instead of forcing you into combat to progress and the difference is clear. Here I'm forced to explore and face a fear a lot harder to overcome: the fear of the unknown. The unknown dies really fast in The Evil Within, and the only mistery to be explored is ""how will this game try to kill me next"".That become a problem of its own, a first time player will die so much that soon every passage becomes a repetition. Progressing in this game feels more like a Rythm Game than an horror game instead of making you afraid, every action becomes mechanic.But what kills it in The Evil Within is the story. Spoiler alert:everything is just the bad dream of a bad scientist trying to conquer the world and at the same time fighting an evil organization that has stolen its technology in order to do the same as him.Tha makes the game a bad sequence of being throwed around a nightmarish place that makes no sense up until the main protagonist states as clear as broad daylight what's going on, right around the middle of the game. After that point everything loses interest, because there's no more bad surprise, just a bad excuse for a story waiting you in the end.What the game really does well is its graphics. Altough poorly optimized in comparison to others of the same period, and the unispired designs discussed previously, the game is beautiful, Models, textures, lighting and particles are outstanding.And that's it."
76561198073069866,Recommended,268050,12852751,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Drakenyaze,A call back to older horror games and I had a blast with it not really scarry but messed up and twisted nonetheless if you are on the fence about the game try the demo and if you miss older style 3rd person horror games i recomend it
76561198084433626,Recommended,268050,12503281,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,FunnyBunny,"Alright so this game has some technical problems when it comes to the screenratio, fps and stuff. But I'd like to say that so far, this has been one of the most horryfying game experiences I've experienced ever. For me the start was kinda dull and lame (except the chainsaw chase), and the story seemed pretty generic and bland to begin with. But suddenly stuff starts to happen all the time, the game just gets worse and gives you less time to recover.There are also several interesting enemies with cool (although a bit over the top gory) models. I'd like to say that Laura is the worst thing I've ever layed my eyes upon. The gameplay is also fun and interesting, although it can be repetive in some cases. The atmosphere is perfect, the music/sound effects is also very good!I'd recommend this game for you if you're able to see past this games' technical flaws (some of them can almost be fully fixed using commands) and if you like to get stressed/anxious 24/7. Some stuff in here might be cheesy as hell, but whatever, it's a lot scarier than Outlast in my opinion. And don't even get me started on how this game bends reality and messes up your brain.Though I have to say that I've never played any RE or SH game myself, so maybe this terrifies me so much because it's a new experience for me. Neither did I follow this game's development for long. I found out the day before it released that ''HEY this looks cool in a messed up way!''Please remember that this is my opinion, and I haven't finished the game yet.Guns does not equal safe(especially not if Laura is after you!)"
,Recommended,268050,24041986,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Exploding Cow,"Fistly my apologies for any inacuracies with my review, however I have taken care not to include any spoilers. I played this game a couple years ago when it first came out but am only now sitting down to write a review. I felt compelled to do so because I saw that it had so many negative reviews. The Evil Within is, by far, my favorite game of my adulthood. I can't count how many times a creepy sound or disturbing image made the hairs on my neck stand up or my mouth drop open in shock and bewilderment. There is a heavy element of stealth to this game because if one enemy sees you they all come running and ammo is VERY limited, early game. Play with a headset and the lights off for true immersion and become super creeped out by the nightmares this game throws at you and remember... ""sometimes it's a better choice to run."" The DLCs were OK, I was a little dissapointed by them but they are worth playing. The story is a little hard to follow. Think Friday the 13th meets Nightmare on Elm Street, that is the villain who is toying with you the entire game ""Ruvik"". I've read that many people thought the controls detracted from their experience, I disagree. However this game does do one thing that I absolutely hate in video games. This is a game that encourages exploration and special planning on how you are going to use your weapons/items because they are so limited, late game the enemies start dropping more ammo. This even extends to the upgrade system which requires you to collect this green gel and you will want to collect every drop of this stuff. However, the only way to save is by making your way to various checkpoints. However many checkpoints are followed by events that block your path from going backwards. However great detail went into crafting this game so the creator may have intended for us to experience that frustration. Also, personally I enjoyed the randomness of the lockers in the safe zone in between chapters.As I've grown older (early 30's) I rarely finish games simply because I have the urge to play a different game. TEW is the first game I have ever played a New Game+. That is when I stumbled upon a secret which I am certain I was one of the first to find since I couldn't find a single mention of it online however I was not the person who solved it. Check a discussion that I posted (check my profile) for the location but prepare for spoilers. One guy claimed I was trolling but then went on to make a video walkthough about it. This game is from the same dude who was responsible for the Resident Evil series, so of course crows play a significant part. If you don't mind the waisted ammo shoot these ♥♥♥♥ers for extra green gel. (hint: explosives work better when they are grouped, you're welcome)"
,Recommended,268050,17083531,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,.PAL21,"I LOVED THIS GAME!!!It's hard to find a game that I can actually enjoy & want to continue playing. It was creepy & challenging on many levels. The enemies were created by a person with a screwed up mind, but thats what made the game great for me. The DLC was creepy as well, requiered a lot of stealth and quick thinking with the exception of ""The Executioner"". It was intresting, but really weird ... Anyways, overall awesome game!Also, Sebastian is sexy, so that's another reason why I kept playing. =p"
,Recommended,268050,12504445,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,dErPy,"Well first of all i like storyline and it has great atmosphere for such game but you really need a good pc for it and some times game is getting ridiculous. Like you have a torch in your hand but hell no you need to use matches for burning corpses or having only 5 matches in box. Did you ever see box that cannot contain more than 5 matches? I know i know it's game it has it's own rules it's not real but that's the point. When i meet such situations i starting feeling that it's just a game, you will respawn or reload whatever and all scary part is gone.Also this game needs good pc, i have gtx560 and phenomX6 but it looks like i need an upgrade. I recommend to buy this game only when Lord Gabe will start selling it with discount."
76561198047796923,Recommended,268050,12521147,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,The Chrispy Pearce,"There has been a lot of hate about this game, people disliking the black borders on the top and bottom of the screen, The game being locked at 30fps, but once you get up to chapter 3 the game really opens up and shines, Its the perfect resident evil 4 experience, Extremely pretty game.If you like Resident Evil 4 do not hesitate to get this game, Its not the perfect PC port but they will work on it.Apart from feeling like you're being randomly pulled through this game, dropping into location after location, it does feel some what lazy and at times cheap.Combat is perfect. Boss battles are punishing and sometimes unenjoyable.7/10"
,Recommended,268050,13680868,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,🌸LightAdorable🌸Cherin✨,"The Evil WithinA Great fresh Modern Survival Horror games made by Shinji Mikami xDStory :The Evil Within have an interesting plot twist that makes you keep curious about how the story revolves around Detective Sebastian Castillanos journey as the main character,However the story itself is confusing and The characters including Joseph and Kidman as a Partner in Investigation that so Lacks of Backgrounds and Explanation about their Story not to mention that The main character Sebastian story is also Bland and left so many questions about His Journey before this Terrifying and Chaotic Event happens.The Main story itself contains a lots of Confusing,Unexplainable,and Mysteries that doesn't explain how the story works or What actually Happens.Though I can make sure you this game story is like The matrix + Inception + Dead space 2 which is mostly about Dreams,Delusions,and Imagination that so hard to be explained.Gameplay :as I mention before this is Truly a Survival Horror games(but itsnot really HorrorT.T) and a Punishing type of Survival games as Ammo for your Weapons are really scarce,Upgrades are mostly useful when your Green jell(as your Upgrade points) are so Insufficient and it Requires a lots of Green jell to Upgrade your Abilities and Skills Throughout the game,and Then you will Ecounter so many Traps some with puzzles that will Kill you instantly as you make a Wrong move.Now about the gameplay mechanics this game mechanics is so Greatly Implemented unlike Classic Resident Evil(Changing direction is Hard ><) or Modern Resident Evil(Movement is flexible but its just too much Action that you can do Kungfu,Judo,Tae kwon,or Hadouken ><) in This game the Movement is both flexible and The melee part is fair,Aiming is really Satisfying in this game as it uses Resident Evil 4 Aim mechanics but more Smooth and The aiming reticles is Well Implemented with All weapons that available in The game.Visuals and AudioMikami really does a Great Job! in Creating this new Survival Horror games by Working together with Bethesda and Tango Gameworks.This game uses ID Rage 5 Engine which are both Beautiful and Creepy at the same time to Be implemeted for A Horror type of games,This game have a Very Impressive visual for Shadow,lightning,and Textures(Though there is A lots of Texture pops up,Incorrect shadows,and Visual glitch) so expect a Creepy moments when you in The woods or in A hallway with only a Latern as your friend in The shadowy Darkness fall surrounding you.Continue to Audio,Audio in this game are so Realistic and Sharp as voice in our world can ever be like Footstep,Knocking through a wooden door,Cutting chains with Chainsaw(That part is so eerie T.T),Fire burns through things,Explosion,and Scary Creatures sound.They really really did a great job in making this game so Realistic and Creepy also not to forget about The classical piano music that was so Beautifully Played as you making your way looking to A room that you can enter By looking at the Mirror and The sounds of the Mirror glass Cracked and Shattered.AI :This game Creatures are mostly Zombies,Monsters,and Boss Creatures and then you have A partner AI in some part of the Level.Talking about The Enemy type of AI they are Impressively being well made by The developer as Zombies not just Charging and Get shot in the face by your Revolver,they can dodge,and wondering as you hide in the closet or below the bed.There are Firearm type of Zombies who can shoot you(OH NO! They did it again... T.T)they are not only doing the Happy trigger part in your face but they can also try to take cover or closing and flanking your position as other Melee type of Zombie try to kill you.This part was also so Satisfying that you have to think before you pull the trigger.Also I want to mention that this game Is A Survival Horror that Revive the old classic nostalgia Survival Horror games when the Enemies are so Punishing and Death comes in every corner,Zombies melee hit is so Damaging to your Character health no matter how far is your Upgrade for your Health bar and Zombie grapples is so hurts that it looks like Classic Resident Evil games when no matter how hard you can do button mashing to release yourself from the zombie when the Zombie catches you and grab you it will always cost you a lots of HP because Button mashing in this game is unlike Modern Resident Evil that if you push the button so Hard you will released faster and kill the enemies right away,Attention Action Horror games player :You can't do this! in this game... ><;Cons :as this is a new modern Survival Horror games,No wonder they try to put so Many Action parts in The game as you try to figure it out maybe this is A Pure Survival Horror games(No it isn't Sorry... T.T)also Silly partner Joseph sequence that sometimes He is really Helping you and the other time He is Bothering you lol XDand a So dissapointed part that well Towards the game Ending it turns into A funny Action games all over again with its Copy paste from another Action Horror games like Silly Resident Evil 6 because(Don't read if you hasn't finished the game(Turret sequence by using A floating Minigun in a Humvee XD) itsTheEvilWithinDeveloper xDPro :I was so wondering what should I wrote later for This game review as this game isn't that much of a Horror like Amnesia or Alien : Isolation that contains a lots of Scary moments and Jumpscares but I found out later during my time playing this game that 2 of The boss fight who first isLaura and The Keeperthey makes this game so much of a Nightmare,as TheEvilWithin the main core of the Game isThem.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=364672278http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=364672151There is not much of Jumpscares and so Scary Horror moments that you will not predict in a 5 Miles away.but the Survival part,The Gameplay and The Horror when you chased by those 2 Bosses and How to Defeat them,Well you can guess that this Game has almost the same Feelings you experienced when you play Resident Evil 3 and Meet your friendly neighbourhood Nemesis... T.TConclusionMikami~ Please give us a New Sequel with MoreAction,Explosions,Confusing story,Silly progression towards Ending XDHorror and Jumpscares XDandKeep up the good work~ ;)"
,Recommended,268050,12559657,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,H4Y (Casual),"Never played any of the Resident Evil games so I can’t compare but for my first proper 3rd person Horror game this delivers well, I played Alone in the Dark on the XBOX and found that to be boring after the first hour of playing. But this game is fun, the AI is a bit dumb and stealth wise most of the mechanics are down to noise, which is good because I think that justifies the lack of sight that the AI has. Now as for story I like it, I would give it a 7/8 out of 10 in comparison to the Fallout games where I think they are 10 IMO. As for mechanics I would probably give it a 4/5 out of 10 as there are some parts that kill the immersion such as if you are on a platform and go too far near the edge your character spazzes out to the point where all you hear is him jacking off. As for price I don’t think this is worth the £34 or $60 but when this goes on sale horror fans are goanna love it, nothing is new enough to warrant the game being full price. I do however recomend you buy this game if £34 or $60 is not much to you!"
76561198043519355,Recommended,268050,12570652,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Antek,Great action horror game.Do not listen to the schoolgirls hatefull reviews.
76561198130191285,Recommended,268050,31609826,Posted: 7 May,all,Solid_Slider,"An incredible game that never fails to make me tense.Easy contender for best survival horror game ever made.The Story is pretty goofy, but the gameplay and chilling atmosphere more than make up for it.Amazing DLC as well. All three feel like major additions to the game and universe, rather than cut content.Easily worth the ""full"" price (already cheap), but on sale, it's a no brainer."
,Recommended,268050,12500481,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,nekobueno,I look past the 30 fps and black borders. So far most of the reviews I've seen just say that and how it makes the game bad.It's basically a console port and I'm okay with that.Plays like resident evil 4 but grimmer and harder.Overall I like it and it's a fun experience.
,Not Recommended,268050,13578691,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,suicude.,"Average game, some parts are very good but overall it's not really a horror game. It's similar to Resident Evil but not as good, at least in my opinion. I would buy it, if it's on sale otherwise it is not worth the money. I would recommend to play the demo."
76561198006541362,Recommended,268050,17483112,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,stranger1982,"The Evil Within is an old-school survival horror by the creator of Resident Evil: playing as Detective Castellanos as you try to survive the various nightmarish places and enemies put in front of you is quite fun overall but sadly its old-school roots can sometimes get in the way of your enjoyment.PROS:-the art style of the places and creatures you'll meet is exquisitely surreal and disturbing-the game mantains an eerie and dreadful atmosphere for its whole length-memorable antagonist-good sound design-the survival aspect is well executed, enemies can be quite damaging and come at you suddendly or in waves, ammo and health items are never plentiful forcing you to rely on stealth kills/distractions-provides a good challenge even on its basic difficulty level-overall story is pretty interesting and engaging-the upgrade system for weapons and skills works nicely and lets you customize your character to fit your playstyle-good lengthNEUTRAL:-certain enemies, mini-bosses and bosses with instakill moves can be annoying for some players-the game progressively shifts from horror/stealth sections to more action/combat oriented scenes and this might not sit well with everyoneCONS:-clunky controls for fine movements and aiming, expecially with a controller-graphics are a bit too washed out and shadows can be, at times, way too saturated in black: there's also some noticeable texture pop-in-there's some weird mouse acceleration in menus, mouse wheel was also never fixed and so can't be used in them-while interesting the story is a bit too cryptic for its own good-having to break countless boxes/jars to gather items gets boring fast and also detracts from the overall atmosphere-having to go back and forth to the savegame hub (accessible through mirrors scattered around levels) to save, upgrade or open lockers gets annoying in the long runhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=495092217The Evil Within is truly a throwback to the good old days of the survival horror genre and it provides a good experience overall with a strong (albeit cloudy) story, disturbing enemies, challenging boss fights, collectibles, a good amount of weapons and several upgrades to choose from.Its old-school roots also mar the experience a bit though, movement is clunky, fine aiming (even with a fully upgraded weapon) can be a bit off at times and the fact you are required to pull off headshots most of the time- while evading enemies trying to grab you- can make things frustrating at times. It can also get a bit aggravating on certain bosses, where you have to dodge their moves and then frantically try and adjust your aim to fire properly without wasting too many shots.But persistence in the face of certain design faults is rewarded by one of the most enjoyable horror experiences I've had this year and, while The Evil Within isn't the masterwork that Resident Evil was, it's nonetheless a quite good game that survival horror fans'd have in their library."
,Recommended,268050,18325805,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kondorr,"The Evil Within: 9/10 A flawed MASTERPIECEThe GraphicsThis Game looks AMAZING. The lightning at times is so breathtaking I stopped more than once to make myself short gameplay videos. The mostly perfect textures, the great level design, the architecture, the attention to detail. If not for the the fps drops this would be a perfect masterpiecie.The editing is also worth noting, because something that normaly is more of a factor in movies, comes here much more into play. Depending on the situatoins you wil get blurry visions, diffrent saturations, double vision, it is all very deliberate and very crazy and dopey!The bosses, and all around enemies are amazing in design and detail. They look so real in combination with the amazing setting, the best particle and light effects, it all really creates must see scenarios.The GameplayIt is amazing how many ideas are present in this game. When you look at games like Dead Space, it practicaly is the same stuff for 10 hours...Here you get major Level Designs changes, setting changes and gameplay changes every two to three chapters. At one time you stealth your way through a forest, dark mansions, shoot up a village full of creeps, then you solve puzzles in a church only to get to a survival scenario in a destroyed city, and a big chase through its streets… the game demands, that you adapt constantly, which can be great and frustrating at once, because you never know what awaits you in the next chapter, or even behind the next corner, and all that you learned earlier might not really be expected of you in the next few chapters. This is a gaming ""best of"" as much as a bag full of ideas (not always new ones mind you).But I need to critisize the final level.. it's a kill room, after kill room, after kill room... you get to fight one more time against all of them... then you get some jump and run sections, and some pseudo stealth sections... totally out of character for the game. I think the final chapter should cut the uber lazy level design which left a bad taste in the mouth. I managed to make it throught up to chapter 15 on survivor... but the final chapter was only busy work.The Technical Issues and other problemsMost flawes reside here… The games amazing looks come at a price… there are times where clearly the engine cannot generate a smooth experience even though my GPU isn't even breaking a sweat. These moments are frustrating, because it clearly plays much worse and there is no real reason behind it. And I am talking about a very patched up build.Other problems are often with difficulty spikes that can get very frustrating. I have hit numerous progres walls, and although frustrating, the game pulled me in enough to fight on. (One boss I could not beat for two weaks, after two days of intense trying I started to play two attempts per day and finally did it). I have to admit though that the boss variety is amazing.The StoryThis might feel disjointed because of all the changes in settings and gameplay but it is supposed to.It is a strange story that kinda comes together, but it seems the final pieces of the puzzle will be in the DLC. If you like X-Files, Twin Peaks, Twilight Zone or Freddy Kruger, than this might be up your alley.Summary:In the end this is an amazing, fun, chalanging and creative game full ideas, great designs that get hampered by poor but not game breaking optimization and a rather disappointing final chapter (gameplay wise).This is a must play for every horror fan!The Season Pass ContentThe AssignmentIt start, were the base game begins, BUT right of the bat it branches quit a stretch from the game, suddenly dealing with the background of the story.But not only is the story very different yet of course very connected to the base game, so is the gameplay itself, which is much more stealth focused now. There are two new systems in place: The cover system and the lure system, which can be both used to great effect. The locations and the enemy types are also new.Considering, that most DLC single player campaign reuse maps and enemy types to some degree, this is a very impressive entry which actually deserves to be called Expansion. You get to revisit old segments of maps, but often only small parts, sometimes you only get to see those from another perspective.The story itself is interesting too, as it presents the background machinations of the people involved in the experiment, as well as the motivations of Kidman herself.The Assignment is an amazing piece of DLC and I regret I have to put The Consequence on hold, because of the first expansion to the Witcher 3.A definitely must play for all horror fans... maybe even slightly better than the core game.The ConsequenceThis one takes off after the events ofThe Assignmentand further builds on the established lore of theThe Evil Within. It truly is a must for everyone who liked the original game, as both DLC actually form a short but still fully formed sequel that takes you far further down the rabbit whole than the base game.It also features a far more varied gameplay.In short, there really is no excuse to not get this if you liked the game itself.The ExecutionerI really could not get into this DLC... It is interesting, but very light on story, and I think this was the point when I simply had enough of this amazing but draining game.SummaryThe season pass content seems to be spectacular (Going by industry standards for these kind of things). The first of three DLC was spectacular and the rest is shaping up to be at least that good."
76561198040429188,Recommended,268050,16883390,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,VeNom#1473,best survival horror game 10/10 after resident evil 4 and 5 but the creature made in this game is  my all time bestthe graphic are really good the gameplay also goodif u wana play this game go on hard difficulty after finish the game it unlock another 2 hard difficulty try this then see lol
,Recommended,268050,16982399,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Crimson,"Story: Generally pretty good, the story might confuse you in the beginning, but you'll get it, i don't know what to feel about the ending though.Graphics: They're really good, but i did face some rendering problems.Gameplay: Awesome, you can be stealthy, but its not the best way to approuch most of the sections in the game.Atmosphere: The game captured what a resident evil game is supposed to be, its supposed to be scary, there is gore everywhere, there are zombies & humans that look like zombies but are intelligent enough to use weapons.Overall, i liked it, it's not without flaws, it's a good mixture of all the Resident Evil games, but with a different & interesting concept."
,Recommended,268050,16656012,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AgonyBOT,"This is how all survival horror games should play- With me using a ♥♥♥♥ing gun and shooting the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the monsters or whomever the ♥♥♥♥ is in my way. ♥♥♥♥ing, crows, pigs, rats, whatever! The beginning of the game was fun and looked cool- blood was everywhere.Being a Goo Hunter was fun stuff, as well.The story was questionable and a lot went unexplained... but none of that matters when you get the Magnum and just instantly destroy monsters while laughing at their stupidity in challenging the POWER."
76561197970549991,Recommended,268050,15229163,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,RedFox,"I saw a lot of mixed reviews about this when it first came out, so I went in with uncertain expectations. But overall, I really enjoyed it. It wasn't scary like Outlast scary (but so few things are), but it was a good horror setting/story all the same. There were a few sequences that were more frustrating than challenging due to the somewhat inprecise controls, but outside of those sequences, it was a solidly entertaining game with clearly high production value."
,Recommended,268050,17190226,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,A-Nya-Calypse Nyao,"I can’t say that I’ve felt compelled to leave any type of review for any of the games that I own, but I just had to leave one for this game. I am always in search for a good horror games, and I can honestly say that I thoroughly enjoyed The Evil Within. The graphics were pretty amazing compared to a lot of other horror games I’ve played, and I love my horror/survival games. The story line had a nice twist, even when you think you know what is going on.I did purchase this game and the expansions during the Steam Summer Sale, but it is well worth the money I paid, and then some. I’ve played through the normal mode on the main game, and now I’m going through an expansion. It’s nice to see another point of view in the game, plus, they’ve changed up the game play and enemies. All in all, well worth my money.Oh yeah, expect a LOT of gore and blood. Easily one of the bloodiest I’ve played in a while. I’ll rate it a 9/10. Enjoy, my friends."
,Recommended,268050,16612239,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,KuroT1k,"This game is one of the best games i've ever played. It's got a bit of actions, alot of horror, and more gore then you can handle. It starts you off weaponless and making you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants. Until you find a gun and you build your confidence. Then boom it does something so scary you will be afraid to turn the god damn corner. Then repeat. As for the story It's some what confusing but is coming more clear the farther I play. I like this game so far so yes I recommend getting it. I was lucky enough to get it during the Summer Steam Sale as well for 14.99 but It really is worth 59.99 imo."
76561198055762608,Recommended,268050,16884836,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Ortzz,"Not as scary as Outlast or Amnesia, but this is more in line with old Resident Evil games and such anyways. It is plenty scary with some of the most disturbing design I have ever seen! But almost anything you see you can eventually blow up, stealth kill, or just outright shoot and beat to death which for me makes it not as scary, but for others that will probably make it scarier, knowing that running will not always be an option and you will have to look the weird vault man in the face and kill it yourself, whether with grenades or with a pathetic pistol whip. Either way, get ready to look at some truly terrible stuff if you buy the game, it is worth the time."
76561198163717778,Recommended,268050,14262006,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,pete_twd,"I've got nothing much to say about this game. Just really freaking love it. It's the kind of game that I would play it over and over again so many times without getting bored. Shinji Mikami's still in his top form. No doubt.At first, you may find the plot is kinda ridiculous. It'll give you the ""wtf"" moment for some time. But as you progress more and more into the story. You'll find it really interesting and it'll make your curiosity runs high, This game doesn't tell the plot directly or obviously. But instead, they scatter it like a piece of jigsaw all over the game as a collectible stuffs like police badges, files, audiotape, newspaper, missing person posters. etc. So if you really want to fully understand the plot, you'll have to do a little bit of exploring which really is worth your time as they did a very good job on the scenery designing.For me, personally. This game is not really that scary (part of it because i really love horror movies and games  and I've seen so many creepy♥♥♥♥♥♥that I have this immunity to horror stuff) Not many jumpscares. There are only a few bosses that really sent the shiver down my spine which is , of course, Laura. Typical long hair creppy looking chick. This ♥♥♥♥♥ really did got me when I first encountered her. Screaming in high-pitched voice and chased the ♥♥♥♥ out of me.I consider this game more like a psychological horror survival game. Cause the storyline really ♥♥♥♥ with your mind. Warping from places to places. Encountering a really wtf monster and stuff. And have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what the hell is going on. If you compare it as a movie. It would be a Eli Roth's movie mixed with David Fincher's movie. Eli Roth for the gore and gruesomeness and David Fincher for the psychological and disturbing elements.So If you're a horror fan. I don't think you should miss this one. Would definitely recommend it."
76561198004474534,Recommended,268050,13787785,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,lilromimi,"I bought this in the sale and would never pay so much for a game at it's full price.That being said, as a fan of resident evil and silent hill this game is hitting it right on the nose!  Takes a kind of silent hill twist part way in.  Just the right level of difficulty on survival mode with an option to run through the game again on easy mode to pick up those pesky achievements!I don't expect much of a scare from games anymore as im fairly desensitised but the bosses were creepy and at times things did make me jump.  Towards the end it becomes less scary and more concerning as you run our of ammo and start facing multiple enemies in quick succession.  It also results in the game being a lot less fun and before you know it you are just racing for the finish line!7/10 only because I feel it fell a bit short and became repetative in the second half of the game.  Still a good survival horror tho."
76561198044240228,Recommended,268050,15570305,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,sir Pepe von Schnitzelland,"Not so spooky as i espected, but great game. Very interesting atmosphere. It will not scary you, but its kinda depressive and intensive. You will see lot of sneaking in trailer, but in actual game, you dont have many chances to silence kill. I dont care, but you should keep it in your mind. If you want silence action with killing your enemies carefull one by one, you will be disapointed.Ammo in this game is like ammo in Bioshock 1,2. You must scavenge every bullet, every first aid cit, and you are glad as hell you found something. Thats make game very hard, specially in boss fights. You have 2 bullets, one harpune for crossbow, and with no warning, all doors close, and mad guy with chain saw gonna cut your head off. It can be frustrating, but its also make game challenging, and fun.So, thats it...Actuall game is different from trailer, but its great. You will not get heart attack when playing this, but story is great, fun to play, and dark atmosphere is awesome. Got this game in sale for 30 euro, and I dont regret it. 10/10, hardly recommended."
,Recommended,268050,17223409,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,cesardt,"Evil Within is basically Resident Evil Greatest Hits in a good way. The gameplay is great and the environments are even better although the story doesn't really make sense unless you play the DLC. I really enjoyed this game and would play it again someday,"
,Recommended,268050,15232553,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sphing,Exelent game! very intense and crazy graphics! i recomend a beefy pc to play dis!
76561198094926024,Recommended,268050,14410520,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Brenner,Great game.
,Recommended,268050,14674803,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,dón kíjam-,"just wow....chills granted, puts u in, doesnt let ya out!"
76561197963483066,Recommended,268050,14498043,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,spacemonkey,"This game in all it's essence boils down to mixup of old school Silent Hill and Resident Evil.Many out there might think that this game is too scary for you, but the suspense and fear you experience playing this game is nothing of what you are thinking. Yes, the game is intense and stressful but you will not throw your hands up in the air after♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself saying ""Im done."" The game is really interesting and serves horror in action packed style in little doses at a time. The worst and interesting thing about the gamestyle is, that you will panic and you will need to solve your problem whilst panicking. It is simply genius adrenaline rush if you figure the situation all by yourself.There has been events where I have went like ""Oh ♥♥♥♥ me"" at the end of the chapter, have a cigaret and keep playing. Horror will not make you not want to play this game.Cons man, cons:- There are real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (yes, plural) out there to kill you, and all of them seem to have a backstory and an epic battle to go with- There are even more ♥♥♥♥ed up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s as an added bonus.- Story is mighty interesting and complex- There's gore. Gore, blood, intestines and♥♥♥♥♥♥what you cant even name.- Gameplay is a charm- Graphics are gorgeous- The overall game seems very polishedThe launch of this game was total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, so horrible in fact that I had to have my money refunded since I could not play the trash they released as a ""finished"" game. After a while and the launch they actually fixed that horrible♥♥♥♥♥♥and slapped a discount on it. Thats when I acted and I do not have any regrets.It is a great game, as long as its working as intended. Catch it in a discount (or if you are really interested just buy the game, its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good).Protip: explore every opportunity, you CAN walk past a bazooka or some tasty♥♥♥♥♥♥like that like I did apparently. Multiple times. Still a good game.Hope this helps Johan :)."
76561198000891791,Recommended,268050,14651846,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Quadra87,"Is the Evil within scary? At times its terrifying, all of the time its intense.You dont see clearly and you dont feel sane, anxiety ensues. The dark broooding atmosphere weighs heavy as you trudge through blood soaked corridors wondering what could of caused those long deep claw marks that stain the very walls of this claustraphobic never ending hallway. A trickle of light filters through from a room up ahead, you can sense something truly evil lurks within, you know to progress you have to enter, an ammo check seems pointless, health is low and vision is limited, the previous enemy proved too much and the need for respite and care is great. The silence here pulls you down, you know that deep crimson stain you see in the centre of the empty space is where the claw marks end.....As you investigate further, heart beating vision blurry silence all consuming, all hell breaks loose, what ensues is an intense chase away from what can only be described as a twisted morphing of hair claws and blood soaked flesh. The screams are deafening the sound of clattering claws draws nearer as you scramble for the nearest door, you look back as you begin to lose your breath, fearing the worst. The creature is gone, but you know it will return and you know that next time it wont give up.Its intense and its captivating and The Evil within presents the player with many similar moments throughout its rather difficult and long campaign. The story develops slowly and fleshes out the individual tales of characters such as the one described above, you begin to piece together the fragments, the story made for some interesting concepts that touched upon Freudian ego and the develpment of psychosis. In terms of gameplay its similar to that of Resi 4, the camera angle can become a bit too limited resuting in some unfair moments as your FOV is almost cut in half. Enemies can be bullet sponges and their attacks can cause instant death which results in some frustrating repetition of some difficult twitch response sections later on in the game. Visually it holds up well, background textures are ugly as sin but character and enemy models remain full of textures even though its heavy on the film grain.All in all The Evil within was enjoyable, intense gameplay with some creepy scares here and there coupled with an atmosphere dripping in surreal heaviness, a strange story thats left quite open to interpretation and a long singleplayer story mode thats missing from a lot of similar games. I highly recommend this game if you can look past its difficulty spikes and sometimes unfair sections, what you get is a game that encapsulates survival horror thats often been missing since Resi 4."
76561198072100407,Recommended,268050,14241966,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mr. Joestar,"A great survival horror game in my opinion, if you like games such as resident evil 4 and 5, then this game can be your source of fun."
76561198076180973,Recommended,268050,14794727,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Undead_sign,very good game ..!!
76561197972805184,Recommended,268050,16712271,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,TICO,ESTE ES UN JUEGO MUY BUENO PANCHITO COMPRALO NO SEAS CODO :)
76561198071903417,Recommended,268050,16648671,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SS2JimiHindrix,One of the most difficult games I've played. If you want to play a long hard ride this one is for you.Love it even when♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at it!!
76561198155232050,Recommended,268050,17413414,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Alucard,"I really enjoyed this game, sadly it's well underrated...The story is very strong filled with sorrow that will stick on your emotionsI highly recommend to get this game."
76562168028223023,Recommended,268050,15266697,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Profile Name,"It is a very good game with a varied gameplay and a great atmosphere. I liked the DLC even more than the main game.Sadly it does not have a mercenary mode, because otherwise I would put this game over Resident Evil 5, 6, Rev1 and Rev2 together."
,Recommended,268050,24718061,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,HyperBlasters,amazing game!
,Recommended,268050,27040674,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Plague Squid,Surely one of the greatest games I've ever played. I can replay it over and over.
,Recommended,268050,27561403,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,QuantumSauce,truly one of the best survival horror games ever made!!
,Recommended,268050,27355363,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DeathTheHusky,The Evil Within is my favorite horror game of all time!!
76561197966344693,Recommended,268050,27328029,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,.:[F4!L] NV:.,"Definitely something else here in the realm of horror on the psychological plain. Its one roller coaster of a ""plot twist"". Love how it keeps me guessing & when you juuuust think you figure it out,.. well SUPRISE!!!!"
,Recommended,268050,26610708,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mikmoo,This game is amazing. It's the first time i've been been creeped out in years. It really captures the horrific feel that most games in the horror genre lack with its unsettling sounds to its grotesque bloody details. It can be a little confusing and is really challenging but this only makes it better.10/10 would get ripped apart again.
,Recommended,268050,27825059,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sauhirte,Very well done survival horror shooter. From the creator of the Resident Evil franchise and it can easily stand its ground with the earlier RE titles.Storry is extremely confusing though so I would highly recommend getting the DLC's as after playing those I finally know what on earth I was doing the whole time in the main game.
76561198054007117,Recommended,268050,14210260,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Redvolver,"Take everything good from Resident Evil and Silent Hill, mix it up and you'll get The Evil WIthin. Really great game"
,Recommended,268050,27890645,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[GLP] AcerX.Jr,If you love Resident Evil then i'm guaranteed you'd love this game too. This game made me wanna play this game over and over and over again. Buy this if you're a huge fan of the Resident Evil games.
76561198014031810,Recommended,268050,29589397,Posted: 30 January,all,Shadow,"Pros:- Atmosphere- Enemy designs- Combat- Upgrade systemCons:- Forgettable characters- Uncontrollable melee attack direction if there was a downed enemy near you ""as you are trying to punch the enemies infront of you it auto stomps the downed enemy even if he was behind you""Reading and being told by friends about the technical issues this game suffered, I have yet to see any, the game was running perfectly for me, it never crashed, frame dropped or auto-saved weirdly throughout my playthrough.It was running on 60-90 FPS, and the only bug i encountered was the ""spinning stomp"" animation, so im guessing they fixed the issues the game had on release.You can also change the letterbox to fullscreen in the options.This game does deliver a great survival horror experience, you often find yourself low on ammo and having to somehow  make things work, I highly recommend it for fans of Resident Evil 4's gameplay and Silent Hill's atmosphere."
,Recommended,268050,27575514,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,masterdeathvamperotica,"I have loved The Evil within since it first came out. Its created by some of the same team of resident evil so you know its good. You play a detective in a world that is upside down and back to front as you battle through loads of enemies. Its gory and well written storyline, the gameplay is excellent. The reason I think I like this game so much is its feel and that it feels like home to me, alot like my life with D.i.D lol. If you love resident evil games, survival horrors I would highly recommend you play this game. The DLC is not great in my opinion though. If you buy it during the sale its much more worth it. Biggest downfall is the specs you need to run it, need a highish end pc to run it well. Try running the demo before buying is my advice, see how it handles. Enjoy..... I am for the 5th time through."
,Recommended,268050,29028776,Posted: 5 January,all,Darkstalker Kaathe,The real classic Resident Evil games !
,Recommended,268050,27568552,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kim Bo Kastekniv,Alot of ppl give this game a hard time but i liked it alot
76561198077522829,Recommended,268050,28464123,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,prophercyend,This is one of the best and challenging horror games with excellent DLC plus game play there has been for along time.There should be more games made like this in any genre
,Recommended,268050,14597148,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,not:a:part:of:your:system,"After playing the demo, I really felt like this was going to be another Amnesia or Penumbra (which I've been craving for a while now...)  Much to my dismay it turned out to be a Resident Evil clone.  And by that I mean, it's basically a large addon for the RE games.  After playing through it once, I read up and learned that it was made by the creator of RE.  So go figure, I should've researched it better.  That doesn't take away the fun.  Although it wasn't the game I wanted it to be, it was still very enjoyable.  I'm working on my 4th playthrough right now (on the hardest difficulty) and I don't plan on stopping until I get all the achievements.  So if that can stand as a testament as to how fun it is, then so be it.The first play through took me about 16 hours.  That's not how long the game lasts, mind you.  It's how long it takes to find all the collectibles, keys, tapes, and unlockables.  There were also several moments of fear where I simply could not progress because I was shaking too much.  I started the second play through to finish finding the last couple things I missed and to upgrade all of my stuff.  It's impossible to fully upgrade everything with one playthrough, there just isn't enough green goo to allow that.The second playthrough took me about 4 hours, allowing me to fullly upgrade, find the last of the collectibles, and nab the <5 hour achievement.  (THAT'S how long the game ACTUALLY takes to play).So if you want to be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  This isn't your game.  If you want to be jolted.  This is your game.  If you love RE games, then you'll love this one.  Do like me and wait for it to go on sale and enjoy the next 20 hours.  After getting this last playthrough, I'll probably never touch it again.Initial Playthrough 7 / 10After 3.5 playthroughs    4.5/10"
,Recommended,268050,14600931,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,AK107bis,It seems like we don't really fear anything in vidoe game now.
76561198163148477,Recommended,268050,16235387,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,The game is beautiful. There are scenes where I marvel at the graphics.In particular inside a cathedral.This game is pretty much a new Resident Evil 4. However the game is frustratingly diffucult at times. By chapter 6 the difficulty spikes dramatically and will have you screaming at the PC.If you liked Resident Evil 4 you will probably like The Evil Within.Edit: I don't know why it took me so long to realize I could lower the difficulty to casual. The game is SO much more fun on casual. I really enjoyed this game. The plot actually does make some sense after all.
,Recommended,268050,14385977,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,evs,"Disclaimer: I picked this game up after all the first major patch which seemed to clear up bugs/FPS locks/black bars on the game. I only hit one bug in an entire play through that I noticed.The game is completely bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy and fantastic. Not had this much fun in a resident evil styled game in quite some time. A couple of jumpscares in the game but pretty much it's dead space styled 'horror'.The first chapter/demo is so weird compared to the rest as it's a hidey/sneaky fest whereas the rest of the game involves murdering all the baddies with various weaponry.The game is pretty much resident evil and hellraiser mashed up, if you aren't a fan of barbed wire and brains (not intelligence, actual brain matter) then it's likely not for you.It's decently long (12 ish hours on first play through on 'survivor ala normal' - it has a new game + mode and like resident evil it has loads of extra stupid op weapons to play it through again.Only real downsides I found was that the characters are pretty wooden/unintersting as is your characters back story. The main story though is nuts and ends up working like some horror version of Inception so more than made up for it.It's definately one of those 'is this reality or a dream' styled affairs. My only other gripe is that some 'bosses' were overused at points and were plain irritating.Nuts and bolts wise, game ran silky smooth at full whack (1920x1080) controls never felt like they were letting me down, mouse and keyboard all the way through was no issues at all or alternative xbox controller setup is available. Music and overall sound effects were sublime at points, there are quite a few 'story' bits you wander through and the sound/music was really atmospheric. Game length was pitched about right, not too long as it would get boring or too short that you thought 'where did the game go'.If you like the things I've mentioned, go for it - worth every penny and I'm seriously weight up a second playthrough and if a sequel appears it will be on my wishlist faster than you can see drilled nail into the frontal lobe of the brain on a live subject to drain blood from a machine and open up a weird multi locking door in a haunted mansion. (Yes that happens...)"
76561198051083658,Recommended,268050,15456408,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ToritheGamer,I love this game soo much
,Recommended,268050,25330801,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,LeqendMG,"My review of The Evil Within+Long story , 13 hours of gameplay+Fantastic Atmosfere+Good enemies+Good graphics+Interesting characters-Sometimes running away from a enemy is a bit odd, it is likely that you die because of traps u can't see-Performance is not fantastic but it is not that big of a problemOverall i rate this game a 8/10 , really worth it's current price"
76561197961886012,Recommended,268050,24619500,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Сажа,"Would be a much better game if it's frames weren't so♥♥♥♥♥♥ a light recommendation, RE4 is a much better game but if you've already played it and are looking for something different but the same this'll do fine"
,Recommended,268050,25313463,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Bad Player,"I haven't played very many survival horror games, so take this review with a grain of salt.While the Evil Within has numerous problems from both a technical and game design perspective, the enjoyable core combat and memorably oppressive aestheticI don't feel like I need to give you any background to the story, since the story makes no sense at all. It's mostly just an excuse to push you through a variety of traditional horror settings (asylum, barn, church, ruined city) and have you deal with the monsters you encounter there.The core combat is excellent - guns have significant weight and facing multiple enemies can result in a panicked frenzy. Enemies feel powerful and it takes more than a few hits from the starter weapons to take them down. Even on casual mode, you can easily be overwhelmed if you don't pay attention (though admittedly I am a noob at this genre). Crafting bolts for the crossbow is simple but does give item collection a bit of extra incentive. That said, the combat UI is clearly consolized and poorly developed for mouse + keyboard. I struggled through it because I vastly prefer shooting with the mouse, but many people may wish to use a controller.Similarly, the stealth - when you are allowed to be stealthy, at least - feels tense but fair. The game takes into account noise, the amount of light you cast, and several other factors when calculating enemy awareness. When the game gives you a choice between stealth and open fighting, stealth is usually the better option.That leads to discussing the game's biggest problem - there's not enough stealth. The game follows up the tutorial section with a pair of incredible non-linear levels that showcase the robust stealth system really well. Both levels are small open areas that you can approach in a variety of ways - basically little stealth sandboxes. Most enemies can be confronted directly, stealth-killed, or avoided. Both areas only contain one save point, so every venture away becomes an exercise in measured risk - do you check the next building for extra loot after recovering that shotgun, or do you head back to save your progress?Unfortunately, after these two brilliant open levels, the game suddenly takes a hard right turn into stifling linearity. There are occasional sections that do return to non-linearity, like the haunted mansion lifted directly from Resident Evil, but they're usually just collections of hallways so stealth is much less of an option. The brilliant sandbox experience from the third and forth levels never truly returns. Despite its failure to live up to its early promise, the rest of the game is still fun, since the combat is pretty good, but it's a bit disappointing that the latter 2/3 is just decent after the masterful first third.Aesthetically and technically, it's a mixed bag. The game contains a number of memorable visuals, such as the upgrade chair searing chemicals into your brain. The dynamic lighting casts spooky shadows that help add to the tension. However, the presentation is hampered by the awful textures and texture streaming characteristic of the Id Tech 5 engine. Some textures are fine, but some wall textures look like they were copied from Ultima Underworld. The poor textures are especially jarring considering that the game also contains some effects that look amazing, such as the police lights in the opening area.Similarly, in CPU-bound situations (like when a heavy dynamic lighting effect is present) the engine tends to falter and drop frames regardless of settings, at least on my aging i5-3470 and GTX 970. I imagine a more recent 8-thread CPU may have less trouble with this. Taken together the frame rate/frame pacing issues and frequently subpar textures make the game sometimes unpleasant to view in motion. However, they aren't so terrible that they put me off the game entirely.Overall, despite the less-than-perfect presentation and the significant drop-off in gameplay quality after the first third, this is still a reasonable purchase when on sale. I wouldn't pay more than $10 for it, though."
76561198044211082,Recommended,268050,26949722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nightfall,"You want some ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥ Heres some ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥RE4 meets Silent Hill. Game plays alot like RE4, so for all you RE4 junkies, half chub alert. Different elements added (compared to RE4), but nothing too crazy. Story wise its kind of hard to follow, bit of a silent hillesque style to it. After a playthrough I'd suggest looking it up to understand it better.IMO : Nice gameplay, Nice story, Good game before bed. 8.6284/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again."
,Recommended,268050,16370926,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,m.syaufiq,True Horror and replacement for resident evil
76561198087346825,Recommended,268050,14481702,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Rich Crenshaw,"Let me start  of on a negative note: The Evil Within's voice acting is laughably bad. Granted, the original Japanese voice work could very well be a nuanced, or at the very least, passable affair. Not being a Japanese language speaker, this is sadly a perspective I'll never be privy to.That said, Evil Within's [english language] voice work is almost a non-issue, as the piece's tonal strengths and atmosphere are masterfully delivered through a slavish devotion to aural and visual craftsmanship. The lighting is incredibly dynamic, shifting and warping organically. The same can be said about EW's soundscape; whether it be the nerve-rattling soundtrack or near unbearable haunts of silence, the game's phonic presence lends itself perfectly to the nightmarish journey at hand.Gameplay-wise, anyone familiar with the likes of Resident Evil 4 and beyond will be right at home. Shinji Mikami and Co. once again struck a near perfect balance between keeping the game's mechanics tight and enjoyable, while never giving the player enough breathing room to ever feel comfortable or overpowered. Resource management is crucial, especially on the harder difficulties.I found the game optimization reasonable (infuriating launch-day shortfalls notwithstanding). Rigged with 2 Nvidia 680M's and an Intel i7 3940xm (3.9ghz OC'ed), the game ran fairly smooth at 30fps at Ultra settings. However, removing the letterbox, which adds an additional 30% of screen real estate to the GPU's workload, caused noticable lag spikes. I recommend anyone facing performance inconsistencies to utilize  Nvidia Inspector and its extensive array of customization options and game profiles.Highly recommend to any fan of survival horror gameplay with an action-centric slant. A small measure of RPG-based character modification also adds to the game's tension, encouraging the player to trail off the beaten path, in hopes of collecting the ever precious ""Green Gel"" (the game's version of upgrade currency)."
76561198092223441,Recommended,268050,14203383,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SilenceTheVoices,"Great game! Very suspenseful, kept my heart pounding with every encouter."
,Recommended,268050,29117149,Posted: 8 January,all,Eirik Hafskjold,"To be honest, I had written this game off completely. I got it for the Playstation 4 back when it first came out, and it was unplayable. It was a sloggy laggy horrible mess somewhere between unstable 20-30fps, and the screen was in lame forced letterbox for some reason. I wanted to love it, but it felt like playing in mud. So I basically dropped it for good after an hour of play.HOWEVER, that is no longer an issue on the PC. Turns out this is one of the most visually stunning games I have ever played. All in smooth 60fps all the way.  (FYI, maxed out everything in 1920x1080 with an MSI GTX1080)The game basically wants to be Resident Evil 4 in a bad way, and that is not a bad thing in this case. It pulls it off very vert well. And RE4 is the absolute king of this genre as far as I'm concerned. The game also delivers respectful nods towards Resident Evil at several points during the story. Hell, at some point you actually play in a spot-on recreation of the lobby and adjascent rooms in the mansion from Resident Evil 1 for gods sake. But it works.Not going to ramble on much more, other than to say that I am really glad I gave this another shot. This is truly one of those ""underated"" and overlooked gems in the genre. Good story, insane production quality, some real tension, some real scares and a small lake of blood.9/10- Better than Resident Evil 5 and 6. Go play it."
,Recommended,268050,29110429,Posted: 8 January,all,BobandBarney,Its Evil so yeah
76561198309541141,Recommended,268050,26048718,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Cpy,One of the best survival horror games I ever played
,Recommended,268050,28920344,Posted: 1 January,all,CCL sama,"The Evil Within feels like a mix of Resident Evil with Silent Hill monsters.What I like in this game is the stealth system. You can stealth kill certain enemies from behind to conserve ammo. The difficulty is challenging, but the hardest difficulty is just very frustating. (You need to unlock it first) Some things I don't like are the quick events which goes like this: If you don't know what the devs want you to do in a certain time frame you will die. So in order to learn how to survive you need to die first.Good:- A lot of content. (Over 10 hours playtime if you don't rush it)- DLCs add more hours of fun!- Interesting storyline- No broken achievements, but very time consuming to unlock all of them.Bad:- Don't quick exit the game or you profile might get damaged. (Happened on my profile)- Learn how to survive by dying a lot on certain events.- Very low stamina bar for sprinting at the beginning.- You need to sell your soul to beat the hardest difficulty.Still a great game and worth the full price.Buy the bundle on sale if you want to save some bucks :)"
,Not Recommended,268050,13977074,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,My Organs Are Cats,"First off this game is not terrible. However, it is not exactly what it could have been.This game starts off incredibly strong. The first hour or so is incredible, with hardly any ammo, the sprint stamina of most Americans, and hardly any health. The enemies can easily kill you and killing the zombies is pretty hard. Perfect.However, it quickly turns into an action game with scary atmospheres and hardly any ammo or health. The guns all feel as they should and the combat is good. However, this game could have been much more than a generic third person action game with OH MAN THATS SO SPOOKY atmospheres. This game starts as a Survival Horror game but quickly turns into an Action Horror game.The story of the game also skips around crazily. Alot of sections could have been completely removed or switched around and the story would not sufffer from it. The story is incredibly hard to follow and right when you think you have a clue about what is going on something incredibly weird happens. Do not expect much out of the story.This game is touted to be very hard and to an extent, it is. However, many deaths in this game will come from one hit kill traps and boss attacks. The difficulty is there but a lot of it is artificial. Yeah, fighting a teleporting boss that has insta-kill abilities is hard, but it's more frustrating than anything. The enemy design itself is very creepy and will make you unsettled.The game is also terribly unpotimized. No need to get into that, it's no secret.All in all, know what you want. If you are looking for a game to scare you a few times and shoot a bunch of grotesque creatures in a creepy atmosphere, this game is perfect. If you want anything more, look elsewhere."
76561198116659822,Recommended,268050,32559538,Posted: 19 June,all,Fowler,this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing hard
,Recommended,268050,19351453,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dannbaws,"Great game, it's fun and challenging at the same time. In The Evil Within every bullet counts, it's just not like other games where you take bullets like nothing and you have 1347825 bullets and blah blah. It's a nice and very challenging game but it's original 50 euro price is wayyy too much.. I got this from a sale for like 8 euros, either way I would never buy it though."
76561198307839504,Recommended,268050,32775582,Posted: 25 June,all,wdyt,"The Evil Within is outstanding, and is easily as good as Resident Evil 4. That being said, you'll get pretty frustrated if you try to play it like Resident Evil 4. ""Running and gunning"" isn't viable in The Evil Within. Sometimes it's better to run, and traps trump direct combat the vast majority of the time. For example, you're better off getting everyone in the room stuck on an electric bolt and dispatching them with a match than you are trying to shoot everybody.The game caters well to a variety of playstyles. My first run through was 12 hours (I was lost most of the time, and looking for collectibles), and my most recent was 3 hours. Akumu difficulty is immensely rewarding, and there's a great deal of satisfaction to be had when you're breezing through the dangerous encounters spread throughout.I do have a complaint, and it's regarding those slow walking sections that seem to plague modern games. When possible, there are ways to speed it up:Method (1) Aim your weapon. Walking while aiming is significantly faster than dealing with the default 'slow walk' speed.Method (2) In the event that you can't aim your weapon (or don't have one), melee attack repeatedly. The repeated lunging motion is also quicker than the 'slow walk' speed.Method (3) Tap the fire button (R1/RB for gamepads). This lets Sebastian run through liquids he'd have to wade through normally, for some reason.I'd score this a 9/10. It's my favorite 2014 game (although the best one was Shovel Knight imo). I'd strongly recommend playing it. I'm looking forward to the sequel.For reference, I got all of the base game achievements in about 40 hours."
76561198090435606,Recommended,268050,32945344,Posted: 28 June,all,JamesTheMann,"This game is pretty good, some decent scares, and a really intriguing story.8/10"
,Recommended,268050,32961321,Posted: 28 June,all,◕ 2punky4y✿u ◕ ®,Ammm dam scary game hehehe ;) 9/10
76561198006893472,Recommended,268050,33951014,Posted: 1 August,all,Fear2288,"The Good:+ Nice blend of mechanics/themes seen in previous survival horror titles+ Atmosphere+ Creative artistic/visual direction+ Experience system creates an ever so small RPG-like element+ Story is unique if confusing at times+ Varied environments/settings throughout each major actThe Bad:- Forced letterbox screen- Bonuses/rewards from collectibles are kinda useless- Fully understanding the story requires the first two DLCs- Boss fights are incredibly easy- Voice acting/characters could've used a bit more life- A stealth mechanic is there but is really only effective in certain sections- It's not made absolutely clear what the point of matches are at the startThe Bottom Line:The Evil Within came around with a bit of promise - here was an entirely new IP from Shinji Mikami (director of the first and fourth Resident Evils) and produced by Bethesda Softworks who had been hitting it out of the park recently with their forays into getting behind non-Fallout and Elder Scrolls titles. To say that The Evil Within didn't entirely live up to its hype would be a fair assessment though; however, it's a solid survival horror game that brings - at the very least - a unique setting/story to the table.That setting may not entiely deviate from the usual tropes in regards to the game's evironments (mental institutions, creepy old mansions, dark and dingy sewers, old industrial areas, etc), but it does place all these areas and the player's experiences within a fabricated world that's the result of some mind-melding technology where the main antogonist ultimately has control of it all. In other words it's kind of like 2000's The Cell only instead of the protagonists entering one person's mind, they exist within a shared unconscious reality controlled by someone else. It's an interesting take on the whole science-fiction horror genre and the game should be commended for trying something different - even if it gets a little confusing at times.The gameplay itself is fairly similar to what we've experienced before in other horror titles with a layer of combat. The player navigates a series of indoor and outdoor environments in a rather linear fashion and must use either stealth, combat, or a mixture of the two in order to get through. Yet, don't be fooled, you'll mostly have to rely upon taking threats head on with the help of the game's small arsenal of weapons as some enemies can be avoided while most of others will absolutely require confrontation. Boss battles (which appear in almost all of the game's fifteen chapters) certainly do but interestingly enough these fights tend to be a lot easier than taking on a group of normal enemies - especially when you figure out the trick to defeating them.While the game has some serious positives - such as its atmosphere, it's premise, and its art direction - it does have a good handful of negatives that held it back from being the ""next big thing"" in survival horror (though not enough to keep them from making a sequel). One of these things is the most noticeable and unavoidable from start to finish - the forced letterbox screen. I'm all for ways in which to make a game feel cinematic but the decision to force this perspective upon the player was questionable at best as it makes navigation sometimes difficult but more than anything else can hinder the player's ability to effectively see what's either above them or on the ground in front of them at times. Some other slight annoyances are the rewards for nabbing all the collectibles (except for the morgue keys which are very helpful). Tracking down all the collectibles such as map fragments and such earns you a special item or two in new game+ and while this is great and all let's be honest, The Evil Within is not going to be a game you play through more than once unless you either really loved it or come back to it years down the road - making these rewards kinda pointless otherwise. Furthermore, collecting all of them to just get an achievement isn't even possible in one playthrough as the final collectible is actually within new game+ only. Other downsides include a voice cast that feels like they're dialing it in or trying WAY too hard to be dark and moody, the fact that to fully comprehend the story and what occurs you kind of have to purchase and play through two of the three DLCs (as the main game leaves quite a few things unexplained or unresolved), and small things like how the game never fully explains the point of using matches - leaving you to figure out that they're to be used to access certain areas of some levels and to finish off downed (but still alive) enemies, giving no reward or items for using them on the already dead.All-in-all, The Evil Within will be right up your alley if you're a fan of games like Silent Hill and Resident Evil as it takes elements from both and in some cases does things better than either one.Score: 7 out of 10 Dismembered Corpses"
,Recommended,268050,34466683,Posted: 24 August,all,wybejanssen,Great atmosphere/ambience and story! Loved it! ^_^
76561198132329589,Recommended,268050,33443919,Posted: 10 July,all,plodeer,"It feels like a toss up if i'm going to recommend this or not let's just say yes, but with many problems to the game. The main plot to the game in concept was nice and interesting, but how it was delivered was very slow and dragged on through many levels before you knew what was going on. I was about half way through the game before they explained anything about where the characters were or what the hell was even going on. The levels where ok in terms of structure but the scenes were really cliche for a horror game setting. Oh look we're in a tiny village that looks kind of like the one from resident evil 4. Wow now we're in a  scary hospital. It just seemed kinda  forced. The combat was nice in terms of the choice between stealth or gun ho but more often then not I never had enough resources to do the latter. And with how many basic enemies they send at you it starts not to be fun, it feels more like a chore. In conclusion, bethesda can do scary but needs alot of work to the formula to make it one of my favorites."
,Recommended,268050,14423135,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kaynehril,"TL;DRThe game has 15 chapters:- 8 of them are a master piece full of terror, suspense and tension like a game of this kind should be- 7 of them are like playing RE6 where they force you to shoot everything that comes for no reason until you can reach the next partFull Review:One of the best horror games I've played in a long while if you can overlook the constant crashes to desktop.A long walk through so many distinct horror scenarios that you will never get bored of what it's thrown at you.The only thing I really disliked is the fact that they tried to please everyone, and to do that, they made the chapters jump between what it seemed chapters full of suspense investigating gameplay with few but really scary monsters and moments, and chapters full of full combat that you cannot sneak and have to kill all your way through.This kinda destroyed the game for me, because on one chapter I would be super tense and scared.On the next chapter, I would be killing hordes of boring zombies like a god until they let me get to the next interesting chapter.I wish they hadn't force that kind of gameplay that completely stopped any develop and felt more like a forced filler for those who like 3rd shooter action games."
,Recommended,268050,29512301,Posted: 26 January,all,The Bitchy Child's Computer,"For the longest time I was looking for a game that would be something that would make me looking forward to playing it. One that had the charm of an older game with completely modern design and gameplay. One that had that unique feel to it that made you feel awesome playing it. One that had the detail throughout the entire game and one with difficulty that was constant throughout the entire game. One with unique characters, enemies, levels and story...And this game was it, and boy am I glad that I bought it. It's funny because I had very little knowledge of this game before I bought it, and the only reason I bought it was because I caught a very short glimpse of it before switching pages on the Steam store. I thought, ""Heck, why not try it?"". I had bought games before and I had refunded them and I felt like I was being too picky and that I wouldn't find a game that I would have so much fun playing, but then I found this!The game is great and there's a lot to cover, but I'll make a pretty short list of my favorite things from the game that made me love it.The story was unique and unlike anything I have played before and the atmosphere of the game is just plain out weird. The enemies are pretty terrifying and the deaths are gruesome; there is no holding back in this game, there's no boundaries to gore in it. One of my favorite parts is in the very beginning where you're thrown in with the terrifying chainsaw butcher that you have to keep running away from: it's challenging, scary, and makes you want to kill that bloody ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Great opening to the game: a bloody butcher room with a crazy guy trying to cut you up.But the game only gets better and you always feel on your toes. Ammo is always scarce and every pull of the trigger is a gamble. Enemies are difficult and the boss battles had me dying over and over again. Surprisingly, after playing through the whole thing, I only died 87 times!This game resembles ""The Last of Us"" in several ways: custom death scenes, combat, collecting things, and story driven levels that always have something new to do in them. The detail on the levels in both games is gorgeous and I never found any glitch that made the level feel like it was cheap or like I was in a floating room. The only things that bothered me were clipping through walls at times and the reloading animations only had 1 animation: putting in two bullets regardless of your bullet count. Just like in TLOU, you can upgrade your character by collectibles and your upgrades are always very valuable, but you're never OP or feeling like the game could challenge you more. The game is very challenging and seems to always want to kill you every single turn you make, and it's plain awesome.Last are the characters: Sebastian Castellanos, the main character, is a cool character and is in fact one of my favroite video game characters from gaming! The only thing I don't like about him is the fact he always seems so calm and collected and it sometimes kills the scare factor, simply because he himself doesn't seem worried about anything. His partners, Joseph and Kidmann are good characters as well, but there isn't too much to them. They appear quite often and they are likeable, but again not much too them. The main antagonist is creepy and has an interesting story behind him, always leaving you wanting to know more.Finally, the story is great and you're always wondering what is going to happen next. Even after completing the game, I still have questions regarding some  of the things that occurred, but overall I understood it quite well. The concept is interesting and it's a unique idea. (at least from what I've played)If you're thinking about buying this game, I HIGHLY recommend it! Goes down as one of my favorite games I have ever played, and hopefully I find another game that has the same effect on me as this one had on me."
76561198076661643,Recommended,268050,17112148,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,II SePhIroTh II,epic game
,Recommended,268050,14475697,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"This game puts the ""survival"" in ""survival horror"". Expect intense difficulty, photorealistic graphics and fun combat along this lengthy journey, 8.5/10"
,Recommended,268050,34735302,Posted: 4 September,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡OxK,"A surprisingly well crafted horror game that feels a lot like Resident Evil, if you like survival horror shooters then give this one a go."
,Recommended,268050,20373183,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Daffy,"Leidub trükivigu, mida ma ei viitsinud parandada!The Evil Within on õudusmäng, mis on sildistatud kui horror, survival horror ja psychological horror mäng. Enda poolt lisaksin adventure ja mystery. Jaapanis tuntakse mängu Psycho Breaki nime all. Tegemist on ainult üksikmängija mänguga, mis maksab Steamis 60 eurot. Mängu arendajaks on Tango Gameworks, mis loodi 2010dal aastal vana Resident Evili seeria loojate poolt ning 2014 oktoobril tuli nende esimene mäng, milleks ongi The Evil Within. Mängu avaldajaks tuntud Bethesda Softworks. Mainin ära, et Steamis olev tagasiside on mostly postitive, täpsemalt öeldes 77% postitiivne. Kas see ka tõele vastab, seda saate kohe käesolevas ülevaates teada.Mängus kehastad Sebasstiani, kes on kogenud dektetiiv. Teda aitavad kolleegid Kidman ja Joseph. Lugu algab sellega, et hakkate koos oma uurima massimõrva vaimuhaiglas. Kohale jõudes avastatakse, et kõik haigla töötajad koos politseijõududega on mõrvatud. Mõni hetk hiljem on Sebastian teadvuseta ja ärkab segases Krimson Citys, kus toimuvad maavärinad, maastikunihked ning liiguvad ringi erinevad kurjad olendid. Ta kohtab seal arsti Marcelot, kes otsib enda patsienti Lesliet. Kui Sebastian leiab doktoriga Leslie, siis nad kohtuvad ka Ruvikuga, kellel tundub olevat kontroll reaalsuse üle. Ta suudab teleportida ning muuta maastiku ja keskkonda. Ta lahutab dektetiivitrio ning püüab Sebastiani lõksu. Mis aga edasi juhtub, jätan ma teie endi avastada.Kui kritiseerida mängu graafikat, siis tegelaste näoilmed ja emotsioonid oleks võinud olla paremad, või tähendab, neid peaaegu polnudk! Loodan, et ei ole suur spoiler, kui ütlen, et mängu edasi jõudmisel satute linnatänavatele.  Just siis tekkis mõte, et kas arendajad väsisid ära või mis juhtus. Linnas olid osad tekstuurid väga madalad ja koledad. Hoolimata sellest oli kõik teised kohad väga ilusad. Alguses tundub graafika kuidagi tuhm ja tume, kuid peale mõnda mängutundi harjute sellega kiiresti. Kuna tegemist on horrormänguga, siis on enesestmõistetav, et oli vaja luua õudsat atmosfääri, mis neil ka väga hästi välja tuli. Hoolimata nendest nõrkustest võib graafikaga rahule jääda ja öelda ,et see on suurepärane.Nagu eelnevalt mainitud, on loojad tegelenud ka Resident Evili seeriaga, millest võib järeldada, et mänge võrreldes leiab sarnasusi. Olen veel lugenud üelvaateid, kus inimesed ütlevad, et tegemist on Residet Evili ja Sient Hilli seguga. Endale meenutas mäng veidike The Last of Us-i. Just selle scavange ja oskuspuu uuendamise pärast. Veel võib võrdlusesse tuua Hitman:Absolutioni, kus peab palju silent kille tegema. Ka The Evil Within-is on silent killid väga tähtsa, kuna nende jaoks ei kulu lastemoona. Keskkonnast leiab elude jaoks süstlaid ja meditsiinipakke. Muud kugutavad esemed on dokumendid, võtmed, kaarditükid, kadunud inimeste postrid, ajalehed ja roheline geel. Roheline geel annab võimaluse Sebastiaeni oskuste uuendamiseks, mida saab teha ainult spetsiaalses kohas – hullumajas. See on spetsiaalne koht uuendusteks, mängu salvestamiseks ja kappide avamiseks. Terve ümbruskond on täis ärapeidetud püüniseid, mille kahjutuks tegemine annab rauadetaile, millest omakorda saab valmistada vibupüssile nooli. Kui kogud kokku ka kõik kaarditükkid, saad suure üllatuse osaliseks. Muidugi leiab maast, kastidest ja muudest kohtadest relvi ja kuule.Kui õudne see mäng siis reaalselt on? Ütleme nii, et tegemist ei ole mänguga, mille eesmärk on tühiseid jumpscaresi tekitada, vaid eesmärk on rohkem lugu edasi anda, kuid sellegi poolest suudab see üllatada mitmeid korda. Pinget jagub pidevalt, kas siis bossidega võitlemisel või niisama ringi rännates. Ka ühe loading screeni nõuanne on see, et vahel on jooksmine parim lahendus. Pean tunnistama, et ise olen olnud liiga uudishimulik, et mõnda kohta lihtsalt läbi joosta. Tapsin absoluutselt kõik vastased ja otsisin kõikvõimalikest kohtadest endale nodi.Minul kulus mängu läbitegemiseks 15 tundi. Terve selle ajajooksul nägin kokku kuni 3 buggi, mis on üsnagi üllatav, kuna steamis liigub palju negatiivset tagasisidet just buggide ja graafika glichide kohta. On jutte ka sellest, et mäng on kinni 30 fpsi peal, aga see ei vasta tõele. Saate rahus nautida just nii hea fpsiga, kui hästi teie arvuti seda mängu jooksutab. Ise kasutasin Nvidia GTX770 videokaarti maksimum sätetel ja mäng jooksis umbes 45-70 kaadrit sekundis. Tundub, et mängu on parandatud ja vastavad uuendused on välja lastud. Koos keskklassi videokaardi ja kõige uuemate draiveritega ei tohiks probleeme tulla.Kui alustate mängu esimest korda, siis on saadavalt ainult kaks raskus taset: Casual ehk kerge ja Survival ehk keskmine või otsetõlkes normaalne. Peale mängu läbimängimist avanevad uued mängu moodid ja tasemed. Avaneb Nightmare Difficulty ehk raske ja AKUMU mode, mis tähendab seda, et oled surnud ühe löögiga. Ise mängisin terve mängu Survival tasemel. Mäng ütleb ka seda, et taset saab muuta, aga ainult madalamaks. Ehk kui paned Survivali pealt Causalile, siis pead terve edaspidise mängu kerge tasemega läbima. Ka ise kaalusin seda varianti mängu alguses, kuid õnneks ma taset ei madaldanud ja pingutasin lõpuni. Arvan, et raskustasemete süsteem on hästi läbimõeldud ja kutsub kindlasti uuesti mängima. Mängus on ka vahebossid ning lõppboss. Tapmise meetodid on enamjaolt erinevad.Mida öelda kokkuvõtteks? The Evil Within maksab Steamis 60 eurot, mis on üsnagi krõbe hind, kui arvestada sellega, et tegemist on üksikmängija mänguga. Ise soetasin selle soodusmüügi ajal 9 euroga. Arvan, et mäng ei vääri 60 eurot, kuna sisu pole piisavalt. Sellegipoolest on tegemist ühe hea ja kvaliteetse mänguga. Arvan, et mängu on natuke isegi alahinnatud kuulsate kriitikute poolt. Kui te olete horror mängude fän, siis just see on must paly teie jaoks. Mina paneksin 8/10-st."
,Recommended,268050,27723601,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,voremaster69,"Despite what people said about this game, I love it. The story, the characters, the setting. Even the DLCs are pretty amazing. If you really get into it and look up more info on the characters it gets even more interesting and that's what I like about the game : it's kinda messy (and frankly messed up) but with time and attention you learn new things and how to appreciate it."
,Recommended,268050,15808321,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"I love this game, and I easily have placed it in my top ten of all-time.. You really can tell they have put a massive part of themselves into this project.. I can only imagine the late nights, the decisions to make, omg, because if you stop to look around every once and a while you WILL have to think to yourself how incredible it REALLY is!**Now, it is quite obvious that I can go on&on like this for pages, so just know that I LOVE this game..ALOT.9.5 RATING=The Evil Within...Now, the ONE thing I will say, is that there is SOOOO much that can be done with this story now, seriously, it is incredible how much they have to work with in this title/franchise now. The possibilities are insane as far as sequels go. *So on a final note, if at a later time they decide not to continue this story/game with a sequel or anything I would actually lower the rating from 9.5 down to about an 8(eight). This is how much I feel the anticipation of finding out more, and having a sequel is ESSENTIAL to this game, that without one it would drastically affect my feelings towards it, which actually is unusual but if you play this, you'll know exactly what I mean. Everything is there, there is TONS more character & story to explore here than ANY survival Horror(coughResident) that had 3,4,5, follow-ups, I feel it is essential for this one..And for anyone who is saying to themselves @ this time, well Windy it's just a console{LINK REMOVED}port...WHA?!?!?!?o.k., I'm a bit ill prepared for that argument as I do not know all the facts to how exactly they designed the game wholly, BUT, having played BOTH myself, HUGE difference, I recommend just taking the time to admire ALL OF THE DETAIL, let alone DIALOGUE, omg the dialogue!My only complaint is I want more, but doesn't that just say how good it is?! B.T.W., I have about 60 hours in, now you should too, what are you waiting for? Have fun."
,Recommended,268050,26333815,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,HughMongous,"Pretty decent game once you get used to the controls. Sometimes it's a bit hard, but it reminds me of the hardcore games of my childhood, and after you get past some tough spot you feel really satisfied. I also liked the RPG-system they implemented - something I always missed in Resident Evil series. The graphics was good for 2014 and still looks nice. The game really keeps you on your toes - the ammo is scarce, the bosses are relentless, every seconds and every bullet counts. This is a *survival* horror right here. If you are not affraid of challenge and like this kind of games you should give it a try. The DLCs are worthy too, though rather short."
,Recommended,268050,26473011,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Alejandro4891,"Let me start off by saying that I think this game is great. I'm a huge fan of the original Resident Evil games and when I found out that Shinji Mikami was making another game that was actual survival horror, I was hyped. Sadly, that hype train was derailed when I started to hear people's thoughts in regards to this game. Most of what I heard was bad, but there were the occasional people praising the game. It took me a few years before I actually bought the game for myself and decided to give it a try.Though being categorized as a survival horror game and a return to the genre's beginnings, I have to disagree. This game has more in common with Resident Evil 4 than it does with Resident Evil 1. I believe it's better than Resident Evil 5+6, but it is in no way a return to pure survival horror. When I first started playing this game, I could see why it was being described as a return to survival horror, but when I realized that this game had stealth aspects, that honestly let me down. I've been a Resident Evil fan for the past 20 years and have played the original games more times than I can count. As a result of this, I could simply not envision myself stealthily avoiding the mansion's zombies like it occurs in this game. This amongst other things, prevented me from giving the game a higher rating.Though I thoroughly enjoyed the game, there were a few other things I didn't like. Maybe it was just because of the difficulty setting I played it on, but I felt as if there was not enough ammo for the amount of enemies and action you had to deal with. I could understand rationing ammo to bring out a sense of anxiety in players, much like in the original Resident Evil games, but for this game you dealt with more enemies than in those games. It felt unfair because you'd regularly find 3-4 handgun bullets only to have to deal with 5 or so enemies that each took more than one shot to die, including headshots. The game explains ways for you to get around this, via the usage of special melee weapons or matches, but this doesn't entirely help. Rather than feeling challenged by this ""feature"" I felt more as if it was unfairly balanced. Maybe it's just me, but if there's going to be Resident Evil 4 levels of enemies in a game, it shouldn't include Resident Evil 1 ammunition numbers.Despite these flaws, I honestly did enjoy the game. It wasn't as horrible as others made it out to be and the ending left me with questions, a sign of the great interest I had/have with this game.This is the type of game that's polarizing and you either love it, or you hate it. Despite that, I encourage players to see for themselves and decide whether or not they enjoyed it. Just to be safe and to prevent a feeling of having spent too much money, in the chance that you don't enjoy this game, buy it on sale.Prior to purchasing this game I viewed numerous reviews on youtube and read many on Steam, but it was my belief and previous enjoyment in Shinji Mikami's games that ultimately led to me playing this. I give this game a 4/5 and I definitely recommend it if you're a Resident Evil 4 fan."
,Recommended,268050,19447590,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Lord Phule,Amazing game but graphics are demanding it seems.  I see alot of threads that people can't play the game cause they don't have a DX 11 graphics card.  If you do buy the game make sure that you have a dx 11 graphics card before purchasing and be prepared to do a little tweaking of the graphics options.
76561198052978147,Recommended,268050,18430051,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Klhor,"For the gore-hounds out there, this game delivers. If you're looking something truly scary, you might be better off looking elsewhere. If you want a deep story that makes you consider the dark horrors lurking in the human mind, don't play this game.Overall, this game is a mixed bag of nuts. It seems like the developers didn't really know what they wanted to do and wound up just throwing everything into the batter and hoping the cake came out okay. At some points, this game is scary, at some points it's laughably stupid; some points are very fun, others are ridiculously frustrating. It's not a bad game, but it's definitely not a good game. I enjoyed it and definitely thought it was worth the 20 bucks or so I paid for it. The only thing that is irredeemable is the story, but I won't spoil it for you as to why I think the story was that bad."
,Recommended,268050,16073573,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,bloodyrabbid,Resident Evil 4 + Alan Wake = The Evil Within
,Recommended,268050,14767659,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Médecins Sans Undertale,This game undid 2 years of anger management and anxiety therapy.11/10
76561198195969022,Recommended,268050,26117570,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,dariobava,it's a little corny with it's horror but also a lot fun.
76561198140210284,Recommended,268050,14075752,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,SILENTBELL,"need some korean subtitle, ps4 has it but not in steam"
76561198092060700,Recommended,268050,34424567,Posted: 22 August,all,SnoopShaggy,"Base games brilliant, story's great, gameplays smooth and the ending is satisfying however i am nearly not recommending this due to camera lady in the dlc. The most horrifying boss ever that almost made me quit entirely, however, simply for the base game alone, definetly worth it."
,Recommended,268050,18368915,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SovereignSystem,"I find this a fantastic, unique horror game that's both highly disturbing and extremely fun.Apparently, it's not unique at all but a retread of a previous horror style (definded by the same developer in Resident Evil 4). But if you're like me and haven't burnt yourself out on this type of horror game as some seem to have, then you'll likely find this an extremely worthwhile experience."
76561198152808023,Recommended,268050,25941017,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,howie4666,One of the best games I have played !
76561198110355803,Recommended,268050,32918611,Posted: 28 June,all,Zil Valentine,"Been playing for 3 years and still havent finished playing because it wasnt easy, I keep dying fighting some stage bosses and I even cried lol. My advice is, if u are stuck on a certain boss fight, stop playing for a while, maybe days, and try playing again, and u will be able to win. :3"
,Recommended,268050,33711182,Posted: 21 July,all,papertrailking,I loved watching people play this game but it doesn't really hold up all the same. Would have been better if it had included a first person mode. others might like it though.
76561198086670071,Recommended,268050,14123632,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,diazmaur738,"I expected really bad things from this game before purchasing it for myself. I bought it during a holiday steam sale out of curiosity because I read all the really negative reviews from all the critics on steam. Overall it was actually pretty good and fairly entertaining. I was more so drawn to it because I was curious to know what happens next after each chapter. There was a mix of good and bad things.As far as BUGS go, the only slight issue I encountered with this game is sometimes the textures on certain models would fail to render right away but then they would appear a few moments after. Specifically on some of the bosses I had to fight with slimy tentacles and limbs. No map textures or anything like that. As far as everything else the game was smooth as butter with the 60fps cap at the highest settings and it NEVER once crashed on me. I did not meet the requirements even. (dual core i3 @ 3.8ghz r9 270 8g of ram). The system requirements are BS.The GAMEPLAY was alot like re4 which was one of my favorite games btw so It didn't bother me too much. They could've come up with something new though TBH like any new game should.FIGHTING the zombies was not as epic as I had imagined considering how scary they looked. The encounters were rather predictable and repetitive which consisted of: Melee back up avoid the counter attack/""flailing arms or weapons"" then melee again repeat 5 or 6 times till their head magically explodes or just shoot them a couple of times as they walk up to you slowly. If they charge you take a few steps out the way.The A.I wasn't that challenging as they would sometimes run up against picket fences and walls and the gun play itself wasn't very intense or as satisfying as RE4. You might shoot something every once in a while if you had ammo but rationing resources was kind of forced on you. The one thing I absoluted HATED about this game was the stamina feature. Anytime you run out of the few seconds of sprinting stamina you had, Instead of slowing down, he would pause for a few painfully long seconds which was a guaranteed instant death in a boss battle or chase scene. Like as if he was a winded morbidly obese person. This got on my nerves more than anything and I felt was complete BS. I get the reason for the stamina feature but you don't pause to catch your breath if you're being chased by a psycho chainsaw murderer WTF!What I did really like about this game was the visuals. It was eye candy and it played very well. The level design was very convincing. Each room or hallway was very detailed and the lighting and overlays created a strong ominous atmosphere which at times put me on edge. Enough to make me apprehensive of going into certain rooms. The characters and monsters were some of the most aesthetically pleasing I have ever encountered.With that being said I would recommend this game to a friend but not for full price."
76561198130978356,Recommended,268050,14173620,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,DarkRose492,"Ah man I love this game. If i had to compare it to anything i would say it's the perfect blend of Silent Hill and Resident Evil. I can see people getting a little discouraged with the Resident Evil part considering the reaction to RE6. Although in my opinion, i feel it works with the game. The AI is pretty awesome to, both for you and against you. There are defiantly situations where you wouldnt want to do the guns blazing approach. All in all, lovew this game. Props to Bethesda for another awesome game."
76561198007819003,Not Recommended,268050,14205750,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,SatanAIDS,"Problem Event Name:	APPCRASHApplication Name:	evilwithin.exeApplication Version:	1.0.0.0Application Timestamp:	548512eeFault Module Name:	nvwgf2umx.dllFault Module Version:	9.18.13.4052Fault Module Timestamp:	53b4437cException Code:	c0000005Exception Offset:	0000000000270c86OS Version:	6.1.7601.2.1.0.256.1Locale ID:	4105Additional Information 1:	fcdcAdditional Information 2:	fcdcd6eb84e6e2b05c3a4db43e8725ecAdditional Information 3:	1bfbAdditional Information 4:	1bfbac446cf7ae37967fe4f0ccc91f03Possibility the game might not work. I  tried everything on forums and sent a ticket to bethesda, no response so yep. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198035233250,Not Recommended,268050,14264051,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RabertPaulson,"I played this game expecting to be scared, instead it's an endless sneaking around ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ you i want my money back. I got more scares from COD4 multiplayer. Worst. Game. Ever."
,Recommended,268050,13317916,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,PixelDaddy,"Because of a bunch of mixed reviews and a few harsh PC reviews (regarding a bad port) I wasn't expecting much from The Evil Within. However I thoroughly enjoyed my time with it!I have fond memories of games like Resident Evil and Silent Hill from the mid-late nineties and The Evil Within felt true to that genre, and has been for me, the best of the bunch in recent attempts. The gameplay felt a bit like Resident Evil 5 but more tense and atmospheric because of limited ammo, tough varied enemies and the strange and wonderful level design.Visually overall it looks great, fantastic lighting and nice particle effects. Strangely though mixed with all this clearly careful, sharp and lovingly crafted visuals are some muddy textures and some pop-ins. I started playing after a couple of patches so experienced none of the letter boxing or FPS issues highlighted by others. One of the most impressive features of the game is the enemies, they are brilliantly designed, smart and diverse. A few - the screaming spider lady for example really was quite terrifying - I was jumping up and down on my seat wishing I could run away faster!The odds are always stacked against you, which sometimes can lead to frustration but mostly makes for some fantastic and really tense survival gameplay. The upgrading and key collecting mechanics works well giving you good reason to check your environments closely and to tailor your characters skills a little. The story is frankly - really peculiar. I didn't dislike it but ultimately it's just strange and forgettable. One bonus is that the story in its nature leads to some extremely varied levels - creepy villages, lighthouses, sewers, caves, ancient churches, boiler rooms, mansions are just some of the wide selection. It does feel like a kind of 'greatest hits' of horror locations but they are designed so well it's easy to forgive.What disappointed me were a couple of painfully frustrating levels (Chapter 10 and 15 if I remember correctly) most chapters are a tough challenge but a few just felt unfair  - I preferred the more suspenseful chapters peppered with nasties rather than constantly having traps and bosses thrown at me. The main character and his allies are a little flat, voice acting too isn't a strong point. Lastly the ending was a bit disappointing after such an epic challenging adventure. I did however really like the model viewer after completion - really nice touch.To conclude. While more splatter house than truly scary I found The Evil Within to be a really fun, atmospheric and brutal ride. Lengthy but unpredictable and never repetitive. Hope to play another survival horror this well made soon.8/10NOTES: Played on Survival difficulty - 30 hours playtime - performance was very smooth at full settings (780ti, 16 GB Ram, i7 3.60GHz)"
,Recommended,268050,14166589,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zeuk,It's a really good game if you aren't expecting a new Resident Evil. Isn't scary as a horror game should be but the atmosphere its dark and bloody.Score: 8/10
,Not Recommended,268050,14179395,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Gibsonion,"Game crashes all the time. Can't even play it. Sometimes it won;t even get past the start screen before crashing, terrible."
76561197968092220,Not Recommended,268050,14283637,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dr.Gonzo,Bad and pointless.
,Recommended,268050,30868724,Posted: 31 March,all,Screamin' Beave #TF2SP,"I have been wanting to play this game since it came out, but couldn't due to having a crappy laptop, and the game is not well optimized at all.Anyway, I got a new PC, and played this game. I loved it and all of the DLCs. The concepts were amazing, the art stunning, the enviornments breathtakingly haunting at times, and the music a treat for the ears. The main character is a bit forgettable, but it doesn't make a big difference in the long run. At some points, the game was almost too easy, and at others it provided a nice challenge, so I'd say it was a good balance. The story was a bit confusing and difficult to follow, but I feel that it added to the mysterious atmosphere. It's a fun game for achievement hunting, especially with the extra game mode (New game+). Honestly, the most important thing, and the bottom line, is that I had an absolute blast playing it. I haven't had that much fun playing a game in a loooooong time. That's honestly just an opinion thing, to each their own on that bit.I wholeheartedly recommend this game and all of its' DLC to horror/action game fans. Though not without its' issues, it is a masterpiece and I feel a staple in the horror genre.Second game? Pretty pleeeaaase?Later edit: Yes, the game has plenty of tiny issues. It's a console port, what do you expect? I'd say power through it if you can. It's just such an enjoyable game."
76561198044392519,Recommended,268050,20386141,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dug,"I'm writing this review after playing through this game and both The Assignment and The Consequence DLC, but this writing focuses on the actualy main game. So my god, where to start.So the game starts off as a mess. You're paying as Sebastian Castellanos, a police detective who is trapped in a living nightmare with his crew, two detectives, Josheph Oda and Juli Kidman. He wants to get out, that's the story for the most part. Or well it's not, but it's not very developed in the main game. You get the idea that there is something very shady about all of this (which is pretty obvious when you face mutants and see gore everywhere but whatever), but ultimately your only goal is trying to save who you can and surive.Therefore, the story is all over the place. Holes, no real explanation, but it works. It's mysterious and tense, with the 15 hours game time that's pretty impressive. I don't really want to spoil anything, but if you like datamining, reading documents, trying to figure out what's going on then this game is surely going to appeal to you. The DLCs answers some big questions, just saying.The gameplay oh boy. That's the biggest problem with this game. Not that it's bad, it's just suffering from the fact that it wants to be everything. Even though I think it does everything kind of well, except melee combat the mixture of everything takes it's toll. I guess it wants to be more of a shooter, but then there are stealth parts, running away (which is optional, but advisable for first playthrough) too so really, I have no idea. The shooting is good, sneaking around is fine, running away as a wimp is alright. But you mostly feel like that the game has no idea what to do with itself.And that's issue, this game tries to appeal to both Silent Hill fans and Resident Evil fans by getting the ♥♥♥♥ed up disturbing nature of Silent Hill and the gameplay from Resident Evil with some other elements, but it fails riding both horses, but then it kinda pushes itself back between the two and still succeeds.I have no idea how it works, I should hate this game, but I still love it. Waiting for the sequels, and if you have serious doubts about the story, play the first two DLC. I hope they solve the identity crisis and make it so that it has a unique gameplay. Otherwise, this game is great, if you love old Silent Hill and Resident Evil just buy it."
,Recommended,268050,34942138,Posted: 13 September,all,◥Reso(1)ut(1)on◤,Classic brain♥♥♥♥ game on style of resident evil i like resident evil so this i like too.
76561198165197147,Recommended,268050,32825297,Posted: 26 June,all,watafu,"DO NOT PLAY THIS IF YOU'RE PHOTOSENSITIVE.I am not and some scenes still make me dizzy or eyesore.The control sucks, the game has some very steep difficulty spikes for the wrong reasons such as lousy camera angles or cheap deaths.Overall it's a good game but there's better Survival Horror games out there, like Alien: Isolation or Outlast."
,Recommended,268050,21750998,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,mirai ♡ suenaga,i buy this 70% i think good price for this awesome game yeah is not horro still feel like play re 4 again+base  of game is awesome 1st kind boring no gun and sneak all time and chainsaw guy make me rage but i keep going+i love move place to place+story is good make you want know what happen next+mirror rage some part most it keeper and the b11tch and rubiv+lot boss with dlc boss+all DLC is freaking awesome buy it when discount keep more hour of game+first persone The Keeper enjoy+save game use kitty cat awwww+The Administrator voice  scary crap of me+this game need squeal lot plot still no sovle or not explained many+finally  i kill shade after few of try feel so good+awesome rubiv boss fight lot ammo+thank god boss battle have checkpoint-i noob  saving ammo-suck them   Shigyo(giant shark things) boss battle cut out from game becuese time constraints if wait longer release maybe we get fight boss+The Administrator is slender man  Mind blow  O_o
76561197991657927,Recommended,268050,14188590,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,MrMuse,"Horror stealth-em-up. Plays like an unoriginal version of Dishonored. It's not BAD but the storyline is fairly lightweight and the gameplay is far too console-style for my liking. It may be unfair to expect anything groundbreaking from a game birthed from Resident Evil's aging style of gameplay but despite some nice atmosphere in certain parts and the ability to kill deaders in a variety of ways (and some amusing ways to BE killed by them) It's worth what I paid for it in the 66% off sale but nothing more. There's a modicum of enjoyment to be had here which Is why I can't give it a thumbs down but, frankly, PC gamers have moved on.*edit* Yet another game crying out for a ""thumb sideways"""
76561197981099982,Recommended,268050,35113375,Posted: 21 September,all,SuNin,"I'm late to the party, but I just finished this.  I played it originally when it came out at a buddies house.  I liked what it was doing, but it made me sick to my stomach due to the black bars on the top and bottom.  I didn't buy it at that time.  Fast forward a couple of years and here I am just having completed the game.  It's almost October, it's my favorite month with my favorite ""holiday"", and it's a great time a year to play a creepy game.Overall:  I really liked this.  You can feel the RE4 roots here.  It's very reminiscent of RE4 in some of the best ways.  The character controls in such a way that you can't play this like an action game.  Ammo is not everywhere, and when it is you can only carry so much of it.  Traps lay rampant in your path, as well as perhaps running into one too many enemies you can safely deal with.  Running is not much of an options at first because it turns out Castellanos is very out of shape at the beginning, or at least he seems so with that 3 second sprint limit.  The green gel upgrade system is quite useful and should be approached deliberately when choosing upgrades.  At times I wasn't sure what I wanted to upgrade, especially when you get close the end of the game, so I just sat on my Green Gel till I thought more about it.  I spent about 18 hours on my first play through, I did not collect everything and there is a NG+ feature I may take advantage of at some point.Graphics: Surprisingly good.  The textures were good on many of the main characters.  The shadows were pretty nice and used very well for the game type.  More than once I crouched around a corner and the only thing that stopped me from turning the bend was seeing a shambling shadow.  The textures of some of the monsters, however, were a bit questionable.  But the scenes where you are going through a destroyed city were pretty amazing.  Not so much during the first chapter, but when you return in later chapters it was very nicely done.  They did some really cool stuff with the water too where there was essentially a kind of ghost texture of the water that made it look like a lot more was going on that it actually was.  I also am not the type to run up to a wall that make camera rest right on it to check the textures, so I am not sure if this would pass that kind of test.Gameplay:  Tanky controls and enemies that can be, at times, surprisingly quick added significantly to the tension.  There were times I also thought I was in the clear only to run across a trip wire or run around a corner to activate a motion controlled bomb trap.  None of it was cheap, but it was all placed very much to let you know that this game is not meant to be a run and gun affair.  The tension was great throughout and bosses were fearsome during the first encounter as well.  To note, I played on Survival Difficulty and died 65 times at completion (a stat the game seems anxious to let you know), but almost none of these felt cheap.  Many times it was me dying because I approached a situation in a really bad manner or didn't quite understand what a boss was doing.  For example, there is a boss about 2/3's of the way through that has an ability that is instant death.  At first I was frustrated because it felt cheap to me.  But then I realized that it was my way of playing that resulted in me getting hit with this ability.  Once I figured out what was actually happening, it no longer was able to kill me.  I liked how encounters like that taught me that I was doing something wrong, the game wasn't being cheap.Systems: The upgrade system at first feels a little trivial, but after a few choice upgrades your character is significantly improved.  Don't underestimate how 1/2 a degree reduction in weapon sway can make a huge difference.  Also, when you max some of the upgrades you get a bonus that really helps.  For example if you max your sprint time, not only can you run for a while, but it also increases the speed at which you recover your stamina.  That matters a lot and it helps with the games tension that you rushing some upgrades by ignoring others makes you realize that it's not a good tactic, especially when those end upgrades are really expensive.  If you max your sprint, for example and ignore everything else,   you will soon realize there are situations where being able to run longer is not helpful at all.  One thing that was kind of a miss was the whole crafting of Agony Bolts.  You could do it on the fly even in middle of a fight.  So you find spare parts laying around and use them as you need them, and different bolts required varying numbers of parts.  But it just seemed like an extra step to me.  You end up crafting a lot in the heat of battle because at most you can only carry 4 of each bolt with one loaded into the crossbow.  I would rather have seen crafting stations interspersed and the ability to carry more of the bolts, or a total number of bolts you then decided how many of each you wanted within a set number.  Too many times I was just sitting on flash bolts because they don't seem to useful for anything but the normal human shamblers.  And the freeze bolts vs electric bolts was a strange situation because most of the time they resulted in the same thing, an enemy that is frozen in place for you to attack and/or kill.World:  There is a nice mix of stage types.  Some are enclosed and linear, some give you a bit more leeway and offer you some more open areas to traverse and murder enemies in.  Some might say the number of enemy types is on the low side, but with the way they are interspersed through levels and how you can approach them with varying trap types being around, with the various weapons at your disposal, it didn't really get old.  The first stages were right out of the opening village in RE4, but you also go through mental asylums, hospitals, a destroyed city, an old mansion... it all feels very unique from each other.Music and ambiance:  The music was really good and placed logically throughout.  But the thing that got me was how good the ambient noises were.  At night I will play with headphones on to not wake up my wife or the neighbors, and it creates this environment where I hear something and look over my shoulder.  It's an absolutely exhilarating experience when a shiver runs down my spine and I'm wary about what is going on in the room I'm in.  Other games going for huge creepy factor should try to emulate this.  Also, using headphones, I can't count the number of times I could hear a creepy shambler before I ever saw them.  Sometimes I am trying to sneak and hear one from behind it creates a moment of tense terror that sends my adrenaline spiking through the roof.Final thoughts:  I knew I might like this game if I was in the right type of mood to play it (ie. ready for some Survival/Adventure Horror).  The game isn't scary, there is only a handful of places that something jumps out at you.  No, it's better described as amazingly tense and creepy.  I would often times feel the hair stand on the back of my neck, if I was about to come across what felt like a big encounter I would do a personal inventory of my health, how many healing packs I have, my ammo count for each gun, load the seeming best option for the Agony Crossbow and take a deep breath before diving in.  It's a completely different experience to realize you went wide with your last handgun shot and now don't know how to proceed so you run. It's really great.  I did come across one part that I found frustrating in the game, but it's so rare that I can easily recall it.  There was one spot where I kept getting killed by a trap but I was in no way touching the tripwire to spring it.  It was right at the end of the game and this one single tripwire, in the entire game, seems so sensitive that if I breathed on it it would go off.  It resulted probably in about 5 of my 65 deaths, but I can't recall a single such situation happening any other time."
76561198116966572,Recommended,268050,18363144,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Cartman&Kyle,Very good game overall for personally I enjoy all the jump scare and slashings. The game delivered a sence of terror and torture and give you accordingly the will to struggle and try to survive at all cost.
76561198074172073,Recommended,268050,15423697,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,N'DEEEEE(got tattoo'ed),"i brought it when it went on sale so i will keep it shortI did expect Shinji will make this game kinda like resident evil b4 he left capcom however the puzzle is similar to that game except stealh and chucky controllers were added. The graphics makes every piece of atmosphere gore and creepy but thats the point of the game. it kinda gets repeative in game play, the amount of ammo is not common or rare either but it runs very shortly if one fires too much so markmanship and melee attacks have to take placeOver all i like this game"
,Recommended,268050,16228009,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Narvaez,"This game is often considered as a ""console melter."" The gamepaly is jsut fascniating, tons of plot twists. I'm terrible at writing reviews, but this as far as I can go:You play as a detective named Sebastian, with your partners Joseph and Juli. Throughout your gameplay, you'll encounter tons of dead, horeds of demonsa that're going to try to kill you to any extent. When outnumbered, use the enviornment to kill off as many as you can, or just simply run.  Ruvik (The demon guy that'll try to murder you later on in roughly like chapter 13 or so), is constantly trying to kill Leslie. His only connection to coming back to the human world, Juli then kills Joseph (off scenes) and shoots Sebastian (When he starts to turn.)"
76561198259184270,Recommended,268050,19739099,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,hydes94,A great game! I didnt like it at first 'cause I always die. Gave it a few chances and I grew to love it!
,Recommended,268050,20574298,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,creenus,it's like dart souls
76561198011321852,Recommended,268050,34910952,Posted: 12 September,all,PiotreX B>QuickSell (2000 keys),One of the best horror game.
,Recommended,268050,34449181,Posted: 23 August,all,Refueled,"good, suspense filled game. the beginning can be a little tedious and slow at the start but it picks up"
,Not Recommended,268050,14147132,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,killrade,"If you thought about playing a great and exciting horror game that test you on how well you would do in a dire circumstance than this one is not it. The very slow pace, clunky controls and buggy AI makes this game a fail; it may have worked in the 90s with game like resident evil or sillent hill when these things couldnt be polished but not now. I wont get into story line or lack of it. It feels like someone was trying too hard to create a ""how many ways can we kill a player"" instead of doing things like steam line controls or plot.The crushing thing to me is how linear this 3D game actually is to the point it should be classified as a 3D horror side-scroll puzzler. Its like a do this or that but if you do anything else you just die. This becomes very clear right after the very first time you get to do something other than walk up to doors and get to use sneak. If you wait too long, go into wrong room, hide in a dark cornor, hide behind wrong creates, stand up or have no clue what your doing, ""what the controls are"" or ""where to go"" then you are sent through a cut screen where you just die. This is in the first 4 mins of actual play time if you dont count the slow walking to doors or the controller mini game before this. That is correct you will do a mini button mash/control wiggle before your controls lets you do anything besides wakling,Pros: Graphics and moodCons: everything else not in pros including frame rate issues, controls, plot, horror, pace ect... This feels like playing one of the free to play indy games that is unfinished and untested but they exspect you to pay top dollar."
76561198002986817,Recommended,268050,19847778,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Phantom Virus,"An absolutely fantastic game! This is a game you go in not expecting what you'll find. It’s a bit strange at first with its widescreen. I'm not crazy about that but I guess it does give a more cinematic look. I like this game because you never know what happens next. Plus it being a rather longer game is a nice touch. Yes its pretty much Resident Evil game style but it has its own flare and a good story. It’s not the scariest game because it doesn't use cheap jump scares. The game has some real potential and there are so many tactics to playing. There are so many different strategies and ways to do things. Plus finding any kind of item is very rewarding. All in all a fantastic game that I say is one of the best. Best 9 bucks I ever spent. Well done Bethesda, Well done. Apparently, you can make other kinds of games. I really hope the DLCs have a sale or they make a sequel."
,Recommended,268050,20207517,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Entire population of Indonesia,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=590510615An action horror that beautifully send shivers down my spine. Whoever says this not scary, heck it's scary as hell. Yeah, not because jumpscare, but I was scared because I know I will die if I made the wrong moves on traps. I was scared when I died autosave will bring me out of nowhere...This is not a game for people who often look for walkthrough. This game unconsciously challenge you as a gamer to beat this game without that, and achieve the joy.Whoever make this game is a badass, yeah I mean you Shinji Mikami."
,Recommended,268050,26038972,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Heinzy,Would buy again.Good mix of what the what and gun play.Reminds me a lot of res evil.
76561198118271745,Recommended,268050,32316469,Posted: 10 June,all,I'm Gonna Pop Some Tags,A Good Family Friendly gamestotally recommend it
,Recommended,268050,14117842,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,{TGC}Fr33,Okay been playing this for a while now and the game a re4 with everything upgraded so i advise everyone to grab a copy and play because the game has the R.E feel of fear and espair fighting the enemys because they don't stay dead surivail and ammo count matter because hevery shot does counttrust me ran out ammo because i thought i could run & gun my way throught you have to play it the pc ver. has its problems but lookin past all that and you can see that the game is well made and well thought of game that deserves its money have phone and stay in the light and don't let the shadows fool you............because they have fooled me too many times now...................Works on wins 7/8/8.1/ 10
76561198013947404,Recommended,268050,13340750,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Brentos,This game is pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥ Rewards for completing the game give it a high replay value.
,Not Recommended,268050,14155364,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cephalyx,"The movement controls were clunky and the camera controls were horrible.  I was so frustrated by the controls that the game was never scary, just annoying."
,Recommended,268050,13371886,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"A cult hit right from the start. Those familiar with Shinji Makami's work will feel right at home. To those who don't know who he is, if you enjoyed Resident Evil 4, you will most likely enjoy Makami's latest work. The game is capped at 30, but there is an option to cap it a 60 which requires an unnecessary amount of power under the hood. Nontheless, this is one of my favorite steam games of all time, both as a Makami fan and as a gamer alike.Pros:-Old school survival horror-LOTS of blood and gore-more blood-limited resource management-lots of small innuendos paying tribute to the Resident Evil series if you pay close attention-great replay value (new game+, unlocked weapons, etc)Cons:-Unnecessary amount of power needed to run at max settings-Lots of loop holes in the story (DLC?)-Boss RecyclingAll in all it's a great addition to any survival horror fan. The price of admission may seem steep, but it's well worth the price to those who understand where this game's roots are from."
,Recommended,268050,15968853,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,R u v i k,"It's a difficult game and the controls are slightly wonky sometimes, it reminds of previous Resident Evil pc-versions however, but the story is great and overall it's a beautiful game. The DLCs are also worth purchasing, too bad they're not just included in the main story but that's what you get these days.It's dark and gory10/10"
,Recommended,268050,13156531,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,KreatorB,The Evil Within is one of the most gruesome games ever made.I will be placing a max play time of 60mins to this game as that much gore could not be very good!
,Recommended,268050,13179638,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MC RIDE,Everybody hates Shinji Mikami.
,Recommended,268050,35197049,Posted: 24 September,all,Not Teegs,"Honestly have no idea what the hell to think after finishing this game.Is it a concept of Inception mixed with Outlast?Anyways, great graphics and fighting, But I HATED the camera angles.Would recommend to anyone that likes a horror or 'story' mode game.But I have to say, After watching the evil within 2 trailer A LOT makes more sense. And it seems like questions will finally be solved."
76561198253791578,Recommended,268050,35337182,Posted: 30 September,all,🇲🅾🇷👀🇭🅾🇴,Just found 3 dlc of this game i was whole blind on them since i bought it. well picking it up again hope the 2nd playthrough would be a lot more fun!
76561197972393803,Recommended,268050,12518313,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,akujo_abobo,"Excellent game, and a great comeback for Shinji Mikami.I have had zero performance issues, but my computer is an absolute beast (=Currently playing with the FPS lock of 30fps off and set to a max of 60fps. Aspect ratio is the original 2.5 atm.Could not recommend more if you are of a fan of survival horror games, best I have played since RE4 (and before that Silent Hill 2)."
76561198101643709,Recommended,268050,12517525,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Squörm,"Great game, good paranoia effect it is fun to be sneaky and kill everyone that way."
,Recommended,268050,12518672,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Starman,"So. now that the steam reviews have all but summarized all the technical issues with the game, how about I tell you about the gameplay? Assuming some of you would like to know that kind of information.I think the best way I can summarize the game play is it's similar to Resident Evil 4, but with the jankiness of the controls that were present in RE 5 and RE 6. There is a lot to like about the game, but in that same vein, there is a lot to hate too.You can definitely tell this is a Shinji Mikami game. A lot of easter eggs and nods towards old school Resident Evil are here. There is even his common trope with rocket launchers present here too.  I want to talk about the things I liked with the game, and the things I hated. Hopefully, this will be adequate enough.The Atmosphere is amazing. I was engrossed into the story pretty deeply, even if you can kind of piece it together after the first third of the game. There is no real secret as to who the big bad is, and who is associated with him. Really, the mystery is more along the lines of what caused the big bad to be so bad in the first place. It's very involving.and well....that's about it really. In terms of all the points, that's the only one I have no problems listing as a positive. everything else could go either way. Allow me to explain why.The resource management in this game is ultimately less strategic and more frustration. It's fine in the early game. But once you get past chapter 7 the resource management of this game falls apart. See once you start the game, you learn to respect how little you have. The stealth aspects give balance where it's needed. Certain segments can get passed without firing a single shot. It's later on however where that no longer matters. Somewhere in the middle the shark is jumped and there is a focus on hoardes. You are flung into a situation where every enemy is already alerted to your presence. This is a problem, cause all those bullets you hamfisted and tried so dearly to covet are now all dumped into the hoarde. And don't worry; the size of the hoarde makes it real clear that all your bullets are meant for them. After you dump literally all your ammo during one of these segments, you desperately claw around and maybe find a very paltry amount of ammunition, and this is to carry you through another segment where, now you fight a miniboss.Let me summarize that for you: early game flow is scrounging ammo and stealth segments. mid game is hoardes and minibosses, so you scrounge, dump all your ammo, scrounge again, and do the same thing.  End game is a mix of the two, but primarily the hoarde and boss thing. I just don't see what they were going for here. There is challenge, then there is nonsense. It's nonsensical that you force the player to fight all these overwhelming odds when you try so hard to convince them in the early game this is about making every shot count and using stealth is pivotal. Why on Earth would you throw them into action segments? There is an aspect of balance that is not clicking here, and it isn't fun fighting 10 enemies with 5 pistol bullets, 2 shotgun shells, 2 matches, and a flash bolt. It's just not.This would be all but alleviated if melee was viable, but melee is not viable, even when you max it out. What could take 12-20 hits unupgraded, gets down graded to 6-10 hits. That's still not adequate, cause it takes forever to deal with one enemy that way. I just don't understand why or where the identity crisis came into play. Do you want me to fight hoardes of enemies and bosses? is that the game you wanted? at the very least, well equip the player before the boss battle. They do on a couple bosses but the remainder? come on. Do you want your game to be stealth-centric and make bullets precious? lower the frequency of hoardes or bosses. I mean... you have struck gold with RE4 Shinji, why on Earth are you taking a page from a game like RE6?Enough about that though. Hey speaking of RE6, remember that gross FOV with the really terribad janky controls? The Evil Within's title is actually a reference to the controls. Cause my god man. Be prepared for some very janky badness. I don't want to spend too much time talking about it. It's easy to just say they are bad.Story was kind of covered in atmosphere, but the ending is insulting, if not expected and the only real way to end it really. The story is decent. Again, you have to go in with the mentality of wanting to learn about the villain, not why things are happening.The game is long as hell though. my first playthrough took 16 hours (I have no idea why it only says 15 hours on record, considering I also am doing a 5 hour run.)I think I talked about this game enough. I do recommend it, surprisingly. it's not a terrible game. It's ok. It's not worth the hype. Try and wait for a sale."
,Recommended,268050,12517785,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,SE. Memeww,"Wow, Amazing horror Gamez..and nightmare... hahaha....This is exactly the kind of game I would expect from Shinji Mikami, and more. There are so many key things that The Evil Within delivers exceptionally well:Art Design/GraphicsThe graphics are stellar (with exception to a few cases of low-res textures, but the game is filled with so many great high res textures is there really room to complain?) with absolutely fantastic art direction; at or past the level you would expect from a jhorror title. Every area in the game is expertly crafted to make you say ""wow"" every time you turn a corner (literally) or move to another area. Every new area is made to look unique and significantly different than the other in many different aspects. This makes the game stand out among other beautiful games and helps the pacing of the game. If you love and understand the art design of Resident Evil 4, you'll know what I'm talking about. They take that and one up it hard.YUCKY YUCKY EW EW FactorI'm not one to get queasy over video-game gore, but holy does this game have its moments in that department. Usually, horror games/movies with shock value as their target fall flat for me but this game really makes me cringe at times, in a good way. Yes, the game has good buildup through certain parts and it does definitely factor in more psychological aspects of horror which are equally as shocking; blood and guts isn't the only thing about the game that will get to your head.MusicThe music of The Evil Within adds to the already high-level of atmosphere. Every score is crafted specifically to induce feelings of anxiety, dread, and relief. It is such a great feeling when you're stalking through dark, gritty, dangerous environments with textured ambient tracks layered with anxiety subtly play in the backround, when suddenly you notice Clair de Lune playing softly in the distance signifying a safe-room up ahead. The relief you feel rivals the classic RE save rooms.Tense GameplayRemember that feeling you got playing RE4 getting to the first segment in the village? Remember how insanely stress inducing that and the entire game was, and every combat section put you into really uncomfortable situations that would make you panic and not think correctly? This is exactly what happens in The Evil Within. The feeling you get in combat in this game is definitely akin to what you feel on your first playthrough of RE4. You really need to think and make quick decisions in order to survive. One wrong move and you're dead. Ammo conservation, planning, and quick thinking is extremely important.There is stealth gameplay as well, and no: it is not forced (except for a short section in the beginning of the game). You can choose to attempt to stealth--which usually ends up being too difficult--or attempt to fight. It is nothing exceptional or advanced but I'm glad it is there as an option to be able to get a couple safe kills without alerting everything. The controls are fluid and the inventory system is fast and effective.Story and SymbolismThe game's story is rather unique if you understand it past the simpleton explanation. It requires a lot of speculation and listening to really get a good idea of what is going on, otherwise the plot will be practically non-existant to you. I really enjoy this type of story-telling and it does it rather well. It doesn't give you too much or too little; just enough for you to get the basics and not enough to leave you speculating and really thinking and investing into the lore of the game. The game ends with a very satisfying conclusion and pacing is excellent, if not almost or as good as RE4's famous pacing. The characters are great and I found myself liking, hating, and being suspicious of or drastically changing feelings about certain characters in the game, which is a wonderful thing that is rare to see these days.The game also has very prevalent symbolism in many of the bosses as well as environments, very akin to Silent Hill. Monsters and the like do not exist for the sake of being killed, they exist to add another extra layer to the story to be speculated upon. It adds a deep personality to the game which can keep you thinking and thinking. Here's hoping there will be a sequel to the awesome game-world Mikami and co. have created.BossfightsThe bossfights in the game are crafted amazingly. Each encounter is vastly unique from the other, and with exception to very few bossfights they all require attention to the boss's technique and abilities. Imagine if every boss in RE4 was made with the attentiveness and detail as the fight with Vertigo or the two fights with Mendez. Every bossfight is memorable in its own right, and all are satisfyingly difficult and downright cool.Now, despite how absolutely great this game is, there is some legitimate controversy and things to be wary of when buying this game:Performance and FramerateDespite the ridiculous system specifications for this game, I was able to run most of the game at ~60 fps (when unlocked through the dev console) with my 3GB 660ti and old Phenom II 1055T x6 3.2ghz. The game runs rather poorly in some beginning sections of the game but otherwise it runs adequately. Never was the framerate unplayable or noticably poor. However if your PC is even a little bit out of date I really recommend upgrading if you want to play this game optimally. I believe the performance hit comes from unoptimised phsyics and a very hefty amount of--rather beautiful--particle effects.The game was designed around the 30fps target not because it was ""cinematic"" but because of the performance target on next-gen consoles as well as the rarity of Japanese developers making games anywhere past 30fps. The game is playable on 60fps but is not recommended due to lack of optimisation (which they announced they are doing for future patches). Personally I did not experience any quirks or bugs with the unlocked framerate. Performance-wise, this game was no headache.Aspect RatioAnother thing many people have been complaining about is the absurdly wide aspect ratio. At first I was definitely skeptical about this, and used the dev console to change it to remove them and instead play in fullscreen. The wide aspect ratio artificially adds a lot of FOV and playing in your native aspect ratio will likely cut most of it off, making it practically unplayable. So I decided to settle with the black bars. After playing the game for a while, you get used it and start to understand why this was a design decision.For starters, the extra FOV helps a ton. It also avoids breaking immersion as higher FOV with less-wide aspect ratio causes warping and distortion around your screen. Secondly, the wide aspect ratio is there in order to simulate a cinema-esque experience. No, I'm not talking about the 30 vs 60 fps debate, I'm talking about the difference between watching a film in different aspect ratios. In film, wider aspect ratios allow for wider shot angles and ultimately provide for more beautiful shots without warping the image with higher-fov with a thinner aspect ratio. The wide aspect ratio of this game simulates that difference very well and gives the game a very unique and enriching feel. After finishing the game I can say that there is a legitimate reason for this and I actually like the decision. It is disappointing that 1/3 of your screen isn't displaying anything, but honestly it is worth it, even without considering the alternative.So, should you buy this game? Yes. The Evil Within is a very unique and thrilling experience that I would recommend to anyone, especially if you're a survival-horror enthusiast. If you can't get past the hardly-limiting technical aspects, then that's too bad. You're just missing out on 15 hours of purebred Japanese brilliance.9.5/10"
,Recommended,268050,34504407,Posted: 26 August,all,Aamta,This Game is one of the best survival games after resident evil 4people who give negative reviews are small kindegarten kids not able to complete the gamethis game will take u on a rollercoaster ride of horror and pschyologyBuy it if u wanna up ur adrenaline in ur body!!!!
76561197995311107,Not Recommended,268050,13123800,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,xv bones,Godawful control ruins everything.  Constant graphical glitches often obscure one-hit-kill traps.  Broken stealth mechanics.  Avoid this game like it is a badly cliched blood-soaked man with a chainsaw.
,Recommended,268050,29583248,Posted: 30 January,all,JJC 丨Farmskins.com,When did the evil within 2 release?Hope can get it in future around 5 year :)Nice game
76561198165689139,Recommended,268050,22980200,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DonChuareZ,"Great game. The story is terrible, the mouse control sucks and after only 30 minutes you'll start wondering how a private detective who can operate a variety of strange, rusty or unstable weapons (for example 2ww-grenades or bolts filled with liquid nitrogen) can have almost such a godlike cardio as Stephen Hawking- sprint: 4sec...But the horror genre is really impressive and the gameplay is quite enjoyable, especially sneaking up to the mutated Zombie-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and headstabbing 'em all. Not too hard, though some of the bosses are tough to beat and completing the game on 100% is almost impossible. Amazing graphics."
76561198095906642,Recommended,268050,12527022,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Alpharius,"Don't let the bad reviews prevent you from buying this game. I have no problems running it at all. Crashed first time I started it. But that's it.As you can probably tell, most of the complaints are about the frame lock and the widescreen black bars. One comment for those people. Get over it. The vibe the widescreen and frame lock give it are awesome. I actually don't even notice it anymore thirty minutes in of playtime. Before anyone say's it I've tried the removal of the black bars and bumping up the frames to 60. There is no difference.If you have been considering buying the game but haven't due to those negative comments about the frame lock and black bars. Just. Buy. It.The game is very difficult and has been an overall fun experience thus far. It gives me a feeling of nostalgia back when I was playing Silent Hill 2 years back."
,Recommended,268050,12575772,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Sleepy Orphan,Season Pass on first day release? The Real Evil Within.
76561198285932142,Recommended,268050,23912510,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TheLastDragon,"This is The Best of The Best Survivor/Horror/ Thriller Game I ever played in my whole life.It is hard to master,I will say in advance it will take at least minimum of 50 to 100 hours to master it .Bethesda & Capcom did an exceptional job in making the game.It is a Masterpiece.I've cleared the main game & all DLCs & can't wait for The Evil WIthin 2 !!!Though people compare it to Resident Evil ( Which is also one of my fav games of the genre) I'd like to express my personal opinion about it:It is not, however there's very few elements that seems similar.The Evil Within has its own very unique mechanics & hit box .All the hardship you face will certainly,surely pay you off as you level up & progress in the game.Basically,You will die.Alot...I really mean it...lolI've never died so much in any other game as I've died playing this one...You will not die one time,two ,three,four ,five, ten times...but hundreds. Of Hundreds of times, to the point that you will wish you have never started playing this game. LOLThis game will test you to the maximum.Try playing this alone at night in a dark room. I dare you. LOLAs I've mentioned before, with ridiculous amount of patience, you will eventually get better ,stronger.So most important advice/requirements for 1st time players:PATIENCE.Mikami Shinji really made all the sacrifice worth,The game will reward equally to the level of hardship you choose to face.The more times you clear the game it will unlock new items.I strongly advice for beginners to start from ""normal"" level.I saw many people quitting, and found out they started from hardest levels.Don't do it unless you have ....PATIENCE...LOLAnyway guys just hope this senseless review may help any of you in deciding whether to buy or not, play or not this game.Hope you all have the same amount of fun & joy as I did playing this incomparable title.Enjoy & Feel Free to Add me if you are a fan of The Evil Within or Resident Evil Series."
76561198018655863,Not Recommended,268050,13336459,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Manic Nigel,"This might not happen to everyone, but if you are running a 4k monitor, it might. Graphics Card is Nvidia 980 and monitor is ASUS PB287Q.When you first open the game you can NOT see any of the options for changng the game, they are all hidden ""off screen"", it does a really strange screen scaling and no matter what settings I used in the Nvideo Control Panel I always had the the same results (only game that has ever done this). This was terribly frustrating. I wrote to support and still not heard back from them (not expecting to hear back either, they still have not answered a question about a game I purchased about a year ago that refuses to ""Save"", always starts at the beggining.If this happens to you, use Enter a couple of times  and you will see the ""loading Profile"" message. When that goes away use your down key 3 times and then Enter. This will get you into Setup. Now change graphics settings to ""Windowed"" and choose a smaller resolution. Now use the ESC key to exit, you'll be asked to save settings, say yes and things should now be windowed.You should now be able to set up the resolution you really want to use. Took me forever to find this. I have not tried ""Full Screen"" as I believe that is where the issue is.So far I still can not get the key bindings setup menu to work correctly.For close on $60 this should equal Assassin's Creed Unity for embaresment to the game maker. Obviously hardly tested on differing hardware and setup's to make sure it works.Hence the No Recommendation as it took 3 days just to get to the start of the game where I could play it."
76561198157061846,Recommended,268050,31637461,Posted: 8 May,all,seswrt,A challging survival horror experence worth getting on sale.
,Recommended,268050,23820816,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Williamtx900,"the evil within is creepy and awesome, you can upgrade in a creepy asylum save room chair, i love every chapter is a different area ,tons of verity ,cool story, the DLCS are worth it and i really want the evil within 2."
,Recommended,268050,13580988,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sexless Sexiness,The most horrific part is finding out that you spent $29.99 for it to be $20.39 two days later.cryingmyselftosleep/10 -IGN
76561198026913578,Recommended,268050,12592626,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,NicetL,"Just finished The Evil Within at about 17 hours total. It's unfortunate that the initial set-up process prior to starting the game is causing so many people to give up on it.Once you really get into the meat of the campaign it just keeps getting better and better. The enemy and level design in particular were OUTSTANDING! Everything is extremely well balanced in terms of combat and equipment management. You are forced to play conservatively. There are high-octane action sequences on occasion but stealth is absolutely necessary the majority of the time.What really impresses me in retrospect is the fact that slowly sneaking your way through level after level never became the least bit boring thanks to the insane amount variety in the level design. For an action-horror title I was blown away at how I was consistently excited to see what the next dungeon had in store for me.I loved how difficult it was, too. Challenging and at times frustrating but always fair and always, ALWAYS stressful (in a good horror kinda way).Frightening, graphic, action-packed, addictive, and tons of fun.I loved The Evil Within."
,Recommended,268050,12534989,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,W.C. Fields,"What can I say about this game? ...A definitive psychological thriller, with a flare of japanese horror themes, and a whopping dollop of gore and thousands of gallons of blood."
76561198117219792,Recommended,268050,12534869,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Hidin,"So i only have a few hours into this game but i have read a lot of the reviews before hand and so far I can honestly say this: The game is good, and yes it has a couple of bugs (like respawning at a checkpoint with missing ammo and such) and yes it IS locked at 30fps. Whoopity doo Basil, you'll get over it. The game, regardless of FPS and super-mega-ultra high quality graphics (looking at you, PC Master Race-ers), is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. The game is absolutely horrifying and does a good job at making me♥♥♥♥♥♥all over my computer chair (that i've sunk myself into, mind you. Also, no pants on) and makes me repeatitivley yell ""NOPENOPENOPENOPE"" or ""oh i wonder what that crying-NYO GOD WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST THE HELL IS WHY IS IT BLEEDING EVERYWHERE I DONT HAVE BULLETS GOD HELP ME"". I'm not exactly prepared to give this game a solid 10/10 but so far it is a 7-8.5/10, and maybe with future patches it WILL be a 9-10/10. Either way its a good game as long as you dont care about being stuck at 30fps (which really is not that bad)."
,Recommended,268050,12519402,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Rey,Went to a boss fight with one bullet in my gun and came out alive. Don't ask how.would go to a boss fight again with one bullet in my gun.
,Recommended,268050,12501313,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Crowbarman,"I think everyone who's doing the other reviews are nitpicking way too much  over the black bars. I've been playing this game and i think it looks great, I'm currently on high settings at 1080p getting 30 fps without unlocking it on a geforce 650 ti 2gb card, so whoever wrote the system requirements originally was crazy. Now I'm not gonna harp on about the graphics because in honest opinion i think they're beautiful, so I'm gonna talk about the one thing that really matters and that is the game itself.To anyone expecting this to be a third person gears of war clone that hands you kills you're in for a rude awakening this was a game specifically built to the old school survival horror guys while tossing it a pinch of action, and that means things like: puzzles, low ammo, grotesque enemies that can dispatch you faster than you can say ""crap"". This is not a game the reinvents the genre but instead takes all of its elements and tosses it together into a rather enjoyable experience. The only things that bother me is that the story is pretty lackluster and it's been pretty much done before, and while the game has amazing sound design and voice acting it is dropped on charachters that feel pretty flat.As for the gameplay itself the controls can be a bit frustrating at first but that has always been a thing in survival horror games to make your charachter feel akward. The combat is pretty much straight forward you can try to use your precious bullets to take out your enemies or you can sneak around and assasinate them with your knife, and even use various traps around the world to kill them. Though some enemies you just can't take out and will dispatch you immediatly when you're in range of them so that can lead to moments of running for your life. The other side of things is that you can sneak around them by tossing things around you like bottles which for the most part distract them, and then sneaking past. This also leads to alot of time hiding in lockers. One other thing is this game is like dark souls it can be difficult at times until you learn the way to win it so expect to die a few times to figure out an area.So far i give this game a 8/10 and for me its probably going to be a game thats a cult classic in the fact that either you love it or you hate it, but please do not listen to the elitists who trash the game on the silly things."
76561198028120132,Recommended,268050,31796878,Posted: 16 May,all,Stranger,"Very good game, playing in the dark with a good headset makes it even better"
,Recommended,268050,12500760,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Crownless,"I'm going to write a first impression for the moment, likely to update once I have beaten the game.Now, to start with, my machine can only really run this game on lower settings. 720p, low shadows, AA off. I cannot attest for the look of the game, I do not care about the look, so long as it is competent and I feel it is. I really wish I could play with shadows on high, because the lighting in this game is phenominal. The only thing I feel is off is the aspect ratio, which is a forced 21:9 and apparently on some resolution settings you get an odd full black box around the screen. I don't get this playing on 720p, but I have seen some experience it. But so far the atmosphere has been enough to keep the odd aspect ratio from really bothering me.And yes, the game runs at a locked 30 FPS (I'm just barely achieving that consistently, so no complaints there). Apparently you can unlock it to 60, where they promise to fix any issue with that. But any issues involving a fully-unlocked FPS specifically will not be tended to, unfortunately.In terms of gameplay, it works rather well. I mostly played with a controller, but I tried out the keyboard and it works just fine as far as I can tell. You can rebind keys and even assign an action to multiple keys. The controller has a few predetermined settings, you can't totally change which button does what, but the setup works just fine.Enemies seem somewhat intelligent, I had one get caught on a fence for some-odd reason, but that was the only instance where the AI seemed poor. There's some stealth elements, because getting overwhelmed or running into traps is the easiest way to get killed. It works for what it is, hide under a bed, in a closet, or just crouch-walk to your next destination, hoping not to get seen. Stealth kills are also a thing, which is great because that saves you on a lot of ammo. There are some parts in the game, however, that force you into combat. So far those sections tend to partner you up with someone, but only if the enemies are coming in large waves.The weapons in this game seem really damn satisfying though. You can blow off chunks of the zombie-enemy-things, even with the starting pistol. There's a crossbow in the game, and, without giving too much away, it's good. Very good.As for the story, well, it's pretty nuts. I can't say if it's really good or bad because I'm not at a point where any real explanation has popped up. But it's engaging and interesting to say the least. I can't say it's terribly frightening, though I've played enough survival horror games to build up an immunity to most scares. I am looking forward to playing more, even if it's due to my own morbid curiosity.Overall, it's a competent title. I'm enjoying it for what it is. It's clear that Shinji Mikami hasn't given up his idea for survival horror, as you can see hints of some of the Resident Evil games in there. Specifically, RE1 and 4. I'm sorry to hear that others have had issues, but I, personally, have not. If you are intruiged by a horror atmosphere and don't mind a couple of oddball, but mostly harmless game design decisions, I'd say this is a good one. If you're hesitant, I wouldn't blame you for waiting for a sale or a patch of some description. I plan on updating this when I get around to actually beating the title, so my opinion may change. We'll see!"
,Recommended,268050,12488502,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Yogthulhu,"EDIT 2:Okay, so after using the command console prompts that are floating around, the game is running within acceptable standards (for me at least) and it's actually quite good. Not super fresh or original, and leans more toward action horror than the survival horror it claims, but that last point isn't necessarily bad, depending on your taste. However it does feel like a lot of ideas from RE4 got recycled into this, so I guess if you're jonsing for that type of vibe but don't want to relive Leon's Europian adventures for the upteenth time, than this will probably satisfy you.*Original review below*I'm not very tech savvy but I'm pretty sure if my PC meets or exceeds recommended system requirements (As far as I can tell), but still have to turn down not only my resolution but every other graphic setting (from the paltry list given) AND open the command console in game and start messing around with that THERE MIGHT BE A PROBLEM. I'm extremely disappointed with what my 60 dollars got me.EDIT: guess I should post my specsIntel Core i7-4700MQ (2.40GHz)32GB RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 770MWindows 8.1 64-Bit"
76561198054929673,Recommended,268050,12510129,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,MICE,Beautifully horrifying
,Recommended,268050,12499084,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Kit,Very fun RE style shooter/survival lots of creepy creatures and puzzles to keep you on your toes when being stalked by enemies somesometimes its a bit confuseing on what you have to do and the screen......the screen is....well its like playing the game through a letter box but that aside im enjoying this game so far ;D
76561197993729936,Recommended,268050,12490690,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,KisameFishman,"I know I'm short on hours, but im say I already know this game gonna be bad♥♥♥♥♥... why cause it's paticencet and not rushing the horror at you. As a shonibi this is diffucult because I don't have the advantage of elements and the challenge is everything is against me. I'll be posting more hours keep up the good work Bethesda ..... Brink and everything else you make changes the world to a new intellect structure. Si no jistusie  ..... (dissappered)!!!!!"
76561198039731988,Recommended,268050,12499490,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,BigZ,"Too many people are judging this game on its optimization... Or lack there of in this case. Is the game perfect? Absolutely not! But, does that make it a bad game? Far from it! One thing this game nails is its atmosphere. The Evil Within has a very dark and gloomy tone to its environment and it really gives off the sensation that each room you walk into holds something very sinister within it. The art style of the game is also rather impressive and adds greatly to the overall tone of the game... The character models however do not share the same style. While the creatures of The Evil Within look particularly twisted and gruesome, the character models of the human characters are unfortunately rather bland. The voice acting is serviceable but not impressive. I cannot make a full opinion of the story because at the time of this review, I am 7 hours into the game but from what I have played so far, the story plays heavily on the psychological horror aspect of the game, causing players to question what's real and what isn't.My feelings about the gameplay of The Evil Within are mostly positive but there is certainly room for improvement. The gunplay feels good and the lack of ammunition and resources is a very welcome return from what players have had to endure with other recent so called ""Survival Horror"" games. The Evil Within is unforgiving with the amount of items that you can find in this world of nightmares and you will find yourself having to count your ammo, sneak past enemies and use quick thinking along with using the environment itself in order to survive. The user interface and character movements however are rather clunky and can land you into some serious trouble at times... One thing inparticular I found to be odd is the weapons menu is opened by clicking the right analog stick on an Xbox 360 controller. There have been many occasions where I have shot at an enemy and accidently opened the weapons menu because I clenched the controller when I fired.Overall, The Evil Within has its share of problems that need ironing out and the lack of optimization for the PC version is inexcusable. But, The Evil Within is definitely a game that needs to be experienced by Survival Horror fans and can help bring the genre back to being something to be feared instead of staying the laughing stock it is now for big budget Horror games."
,Not Recommended,268050,12589753,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Moribund,"Good while it lasted , but in the end I found the game disappointing.After beating it , I didn't see a reason to play it again , still don't , I thought about doing a harder difficulty ,  but the game just wasn't that interesting to want me to do another playthrough.NG+ is also a joke , but I won't get into that.The game ran fine for me , and I don't have the super PC it asks for (Radeon 7850 1gb , Fx-8350 4.0ghz , 8gb ram.)and I found that playing the game capped it seemed slow , but when I uncapped the FPS I got an almost constant 60 FPS."
76561198127970074,Not Recommended,268050,23367447,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Exor,"The hype surrounding this game was pretty much what drove me to ultimately buy and play it. However, upon getting into it, I got more and more disappointed.The Difficulty: This games doesn't really feel too difficult on it's own, it has it's moments but nothing unbeatable, but the sheer banality of it is what started to wear on me. It felt like I'd seen al this before and seen it done better.Graphics: The graphics were good, but again the enemy designs and other things didn't particularly impress me.Sound: The sound quality didn't do much for me, I found myself going on auto pilot way more often than I should've. Tension was just not there.Gameplay: This is what killed it for me. I don't mind the idea of having to use traps or anything of that nature, I prefer the idea of survival horror as being SURVIVAL horror, not FPS. That said, this game started to get incredibly dull and repetative when the trap mechanics were being used so dreadfully often that even taking down bosses felt more like a rince and repeat rather than actually surviving the battle. There were more dull moments than I could count, which leads me to my next pointThe Story: Bland. Boring, Uneventful. I knew what the ending would be long before I finished the game.Controls: They work most of the time, but there's other times you find yourself in a situation where it's extremely difficult to do one simple task like pulling a lever under fire or even turning around to pick something up. Vexing at best.Overall: I wouldn't pay full price for this at all. If you want to try it, play a demo or soemthing so you know if you can overlook these issues. I however, could not."
76561198020913400,Recommended,268050,12492459,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,iToastMost,"Every negative review I have read seems to just be complaining about how the games looks/runs or black bars or fps locks and whatnot, but not saying anything about the actual game itself. I personally have no problems with fps, and I don't mind the black bars at all. The game is very enjoyable and feels very much like Resident Evil 4 which I loved so much. I'll keep this short and just say if you enjoyed RE4, get this game. It's a little more stealth based and you have to make sure you conserve your ammo, but it's quite enjoyable and is pretty challenging."
76561198054185157,Recommended,268050,12492415,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Bruce Leet - Gwynbleidd,"Did you like Shinji Mikami's Resident Evil 4? How about Silent Hill? How about lots of gore and excellent gunplay? If you answered yes to 1 or more of those questions, I would advise you to check this game out!I have now completed the game and I can only recommend the game more, the gameplay holds the weight of the overly ambitious story. The combat feels intense and becomes increasingly scary due to your constant lack of resources, the horror isn't stacked on too thick with little to no jump scares throughout but you do always have a feeling of dread as you never know what is coming for you next (this is in part because of the games incredible music and sound design. MANY of the noises the enemies makes are bone chilling and because of very effective lighting effects).The gunplay is very rewarding and ""crunchy"" as in you can feel the heads limbs and other areas being hit and often exploding (I actually shot an enemy in the face and blew its face clean off with only a hole left in the middle of its head it continued to chase me around).Now that I have completed the game I still stay true to my opening statement and would recommend this game to anyone looking for a cool new 3rd person shooter or  a very nerve racking and often terrifying survival horror experience!"
76561198028454519,Not Recommended,268050,13343080,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Hawkeye_181,spare your money!the performance is the worst i have see in a long time my cpu is almost asleep and the gpu is permanently running at max.(and the graphics are not that good) absouolutely no interaction with the environment the only things you cant destroy are these stupid bottles for throw/distract enemys laying always right where you need them how predictable.the camera perspective is just annoying whether or not you standing up or crouching.ohh and by the way. why the hell cant you aim while crouching/taking cover this mor on has to stand up all the time for aiming!ohh and did i mentioned the poor performance and crashes.hold the pursewait 1 year at least maybe by then there are half a dozend more patches out(lord knows the game needs it)i would not pay more that 5€ for this.(at the present condition it should be FREE)beta status at most
,Recommended,268050,28887783,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Silvershock,"Wow... Well this game is a mind ♥♥♥♥... Seriously, i've played thru it a couple times now and playing again now, and finally putting most of it together, with the help of some youtube summation vids... but even without doing that this is a survival horror, psychological horror, game like few others.. was hoping the new Resident evil would be taking notes from this one... its been since the origional Silent Hill games since i've played a game that so accurately or atleast imo did a great job throwing a heaping mind♥♥♥♥ your way,,, lots of voilence , twisted imagery.. expecting those new games about being a demon/alien H R geiger inspired ones.. Agony or somthing.. either way till those ones are out ( and hopefully are good ) I expect the Evil Within will be the game to pick up for people looking for survival horror with a great story, and that doesn't include zombies ( well not quite zombies ) , if you count the shambling bodies of people tortured and having their mind flayed in a collective conciousness machine, then being overpowered by one insane, pain tortured psychopath who they happen to share a brain with... its messed,,, love it though.. and hope you will too...Seriously, take the time to understand the story, play the game again, and try to keep track of what is Real ?!?!Lots of fun, theres a newgame mode, i've played through it 3 times now, and if you play some other stuff inbetween, comming back is almost like a familiar nightmare, don't quite remember whats about to happen but you know its gonna horrify you.. also its worth getting murdered by things jsut to see the crazy dismemberments or headcrushin or whatever horrible way the game has decieded to try and maim you into submission.. Seriously Check it out!"
76561198113610304,Recommended,268050,17340943,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,SPRQS,"Let me just start off by saying that you need to go into this game with low expectations. That  is what i try and do with games that have come out lately. Don't compare this to RE4 or any other game.Honestly, I don't understand all the hate this game has gotten. Sure the combat can be a little clunky. But it is not as bad as some people are making it out to be.The graphics are jaw dropping along with the overall game and level design. The campaign is long and very challenging. I have 19 hours logged and I am still on my first playthrough. Lots of dying haha. Each boss is super detailed and amazing. The storyline is super confusing but it starts to make sense later. The confusion keeps you super into it and wanting to get to the next cutscene. Voice scting is decent, enough to get by.Verdict: 9/10.... The reason it isn't a 10/10 is because of some technical issues,bugs, and the overall sub-parness of the port. I swear this game wasn't made to run on 1080 resolutuon."
76561197986788965,Recommended,268050,18036843,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,{NSC} Art Vandelay,"Overall a great game with good graphics, good suspense, and a decent story.  The combat was a bit frustrating sometimes.  Some enemies can one-hit kill you, there is no way to dodge or block attacks which is annoying in close quarters.  The game is definitely worth a play though...at night, with the lights out."
76561198123515888,Recommended,268050,16989584,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,a nasty pot pie,great horror game has he screeaming from the start best thriller game ive plaed in a while
,Recommended,268050,24332505,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,DogFoodFactory,"There's so much I could say about this game, I really don't know where to begin.I've been playing this on PC from release day. I've beat it a couple times, played all the DLC, and still come back to it from time to time--kind of like I do with Resident Evil 4, it's hard to stay away from it for too long. Around release, many PC player talked of all sorts of bugs, crashes and the likes, but I have yet to see any of these things, and it even ran well on my older cards.The Evil Within didn't reinvent the wheel by any means, but it still delivered a great horror experience with a lot of Resident Evil-like elements. This is what the later Resident Evils should have been like, if you ask me. While the game is scary, it's not AS scary as I thought it was going to be. Before launch, they did lots of marketing with people freaking out on video over how scary it was. Yeah, it makes me jump and get sweaty and genuinely nervous, but it never made me want to stop playing over being too scared.The story is great, interesting, to say the least. Story wise, it certainly is different from pretty much any horror game we've seen before. And as an added bonus, we got Anson Mount as the voice actor for the main character, which is sweet."
76561198001251929,Recommended,268050,24338395,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KasperKyd,Not a game for the weak heart :D Good level of Horror and ActionAmazing Environment and Graphics Indoors and OutdoorsWish Silet Hill will be in such graphics
76561197995378078,Recommended,268050,24367989,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ferry Delta,"Updated and improved Resident Evil 4 mechanics but with a really nice touch of survival horror gameplay.You will have to keep your ammo as gold because it is valued and not plentiful.Atmosphere, creature and monster design is really good. Though the 3 first chapters are a bit awkward, the game gets better and better.Be aware about this: you will suffer with some of the game monsters!Technically, it uses the Id Tech 5 engine with megatexture technology. Visuals are pretty tight. Art direction is very good.Overall, really solid horror game 8/10"
,Recommended,268050,24371719,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,SouIess,"Well, finally i catch up on original game, with different gameplay pretty much comparable to resident evil series but still kinda original. Most comparable thing is atmosphere itself to Resident Evil 4, but what can we expect from same creator. As a fan of survival games, and of course one of my favorite Resident Evil 4 itself, i love this. There are many things that will dissapoint me about storyline if this game wont have series cause many things stayed close about story line, characters, and many others. Well here are some pros and cons.Pros :AtmosphereSoundtrackOriginal gameplay but on the other hand for some players frustrating camera system, for me totally ok with that.CharactersGraphicsCons :Not really a con but for me it was sometimes really funny, what i mean are buggs with dead bodies, sometimes when i have light them they just jump to the roof.Some lines and really cringey cheesy jokes.About storyline kind of a cliche but i wont spoil thatEven i have found some cons i really enjoyed this game and im surprised i didnt get frustrated even after i died so many times. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,268050,14839313,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Gothique,Melelahkan dan membosankan setelah 5-6 chapter.Tambah pula engine yang tidak ramah spek.Mending ge maraen Dreadout we jug.Final score: 60/100
,Recommended,268050,14374498,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,nostine.reed,"It is not like I am scared or anything,BA-BAKA!!"
,Recommended,268050,32885080,Posted: 27 June,all,Zabee :3,Mix of RE4 and Silent Hill. Love the game :)
,Recommended,268050,20782473,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Significant❗🌀,"Disclaimer: This review is opinion based and has been made due to playing the game on my YouTube Channel and is also aimed at other ""Let's Players"". I will also include a rating to whether this game is easy for recording!Prepare yourself, this might be a big review...Hello everyone!My name is SynificHD and I am a YouTuber who uploads many gameplay content, such as this game.This review will show my thoughts and opinions towards the game, also including a link to the game for you guys to check out and hopefully enjoy; and give you an insight of the game!An Evil Within Review:Description:The game ""The Evil Within"" is a third-person survival horror game where you play as a Detective who is to crack the case of the murders of Beacon Mental Hospital, with a mysterious susptect who goes by the name of Ruvik.You are accompanied by Juli Kidman and Joseph Oda, to help track down Ruvik and stop this madness once and for all.Personal Opinion:""The Evil Within"" is somewhat my baby, and now having completed the game I can now finally say goodbye as he/she goes off to college and becomes an adult. This game took me almost 3 years to complete which is quite disappointing as you can imagine the game became no longer interesting for me, but sadly this game was quite hard to record as well as enjoy at the same time. The game is quite rich with story but the controls and mechanics are not all there. The game is based on a leveling system that is powered by ""Brain goo"" as called it, but the problem is that it is somewhat hard to find them and is quite costly for certain upgrades. The problem I encountered the most was the sprint time and how long the animation is for you to ""catch your breath"", you might as well curl up in a ball and kiss your bum goodbye if you ever find yourself in that situation; go easy on the sprint.The aiming is also quite terrible as you will most likely miss every shot and run out of bullets, which is also another issue with the game; THERE AINT A LOT OF AMMO IN MOST POINTS OF THE GAME. I could go on and on about how this game can frustrate me but in the end I did enjoy it, and did leave me on a cliff-hanger. If I werent recording this game I would for sure have enjoyed this game far more but I made that choice a long time ago and stuck to it.I also dont know if this is a bad PC port, but it worked out fine for me using a controller just not recording.TL;DRI recommend this game to players who enjoy third-person survival horror games, that can handle a bit of gore, and enjoys an atmospheric, rich storyline. But for those who wish to record, maybe reconsider... Unless you buy this on console which may be a lot easier.Easy For RecordingDepending on your luck things might work out well for you but for me I went through hell and back recording this game, issues might have occured due to recording other things at once: Facecam, Vocal Audio and the game itself. But I will just warn you now that it may not be the best idea. Although the game was good to record because you could record chapter-by-chapter making things a little easier for knowing where you're at. I give this game a 4/10 from my experience; was not fun recording, certainly not easy.Gameplay Here for Reference ►https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Zalk-povng"
,Recommended,268050,16007357,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,vantoria,"Pretty good, but the graphic optimization is bad. My rig can only afford medium to low quality and medium resolution settings. Might be good if I played it on console."
,Recommended,268050,15527393,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Killer2112,This game has a Pretty steep leaning curve but once you get the hang of it. It has many hours of Game play. I liked it so much I also purchased the DLC. Lots of Scares and twist and Turns
,Recommended,268050,28299756,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Marxist Cheeto,"Mixed feelings about this game are present. It is not the ""horror"" experience I expected at all. The scenarios used throughout the game are indeed quite scary but creative to a whole new level. This games shines on the scenario shift tactics it uses, which are confusing and adds to the overall mystery atmosphere. However, despite of the twisted scenarios, it inspires next to nothing of horror. Maybe because the developers used too much light?Next, combat system is dull in my opinion and stealth gets repetitive and annoying to some degree. Ammo indeed is scarce but not to the point where you'll be extremely desperate. Environmental kills were supposed to play a huge role (at least in the trailers) but in reality they're almost useless and difficult to execute, may well use two precise pistol shots and end with everything quick.The story is interesting, extense and mysterious. If you want a decent action-""horror"" game, look forward to the base game."
,Recommended,268050,26458957,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Tomiply,"The Evil Within is a great horror game with action elements. You don't get large amounts of ammo, so the game feels more like survival horror than action. That said, some parts of the game definitely feel more action than horror. It can be frustrating at some points, and the story is a bit confusing and all over the place, but I still think it's a very enjoyable experience. I'd give it an 8/10."
,Recommended,268050,17665483,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,GiLneration,"I recommend this game, but don't play it."
76561198024460419,Recommended,268050,26495053,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Shady,"One of the Best survival horror game what i have ever played i highly recommend this survival horror lovers, The game is challenging, and will force you to play through again with extra goods  8.8"
,Recommended,268050,26293035,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,HAN'NYA,"I love these kind of Horror games.You basically have to scavenge and either hunt or be hunted, you have firearms, and sometimes have heavy melee weapons to destroy these psychosis zombie humans who have been possessed by some Undead Assassin Creed guy who is like this unknown scientist of some count or baron very rich family and something went wrong with these telepathic hive mind virus he was experimenting (he actually injected himself with his own experiments) and he has like a zombie sister and she's like this huge banshee with claws and more like a monster with long arms and legs with multiple legs and arms, she also lives in a pool of blood.So you play as a policeman and go around and trying to figure out what is going on while your hopes are to find Lesslie this patient who has been in an asylum ward for many years, accompanied by a Psychologist you venture to dominate all undead foes and burn them with fire, shoot them with lead, and use cunning backstabs like a S.W.A.T. Special Forces roaming about the night and day owning the madness and overcoming evil. Oh and you get to somehow teleport to a higher plane via a mirror and meet this friendly nurse who nurses your need with bullets and guns, and more green blood for points as you become more like the foes you fight but... more human?Conclusion; you are basically playing like in DAYZ, don't get hit, run and hide or fight and evade, basically you have to use guerilla tactics and remove enemies one by one before you go in for the kill (Kill the Big Boss in a level).Yeah really fun to play! Its really not that scary. :D"
,Recommended,268050,25299800,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ania,Best horror/action game I have ever played. Loved all of it. So much fun!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,268050,14042673,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Smachymo,I've seen the demon. the demon of the flashlight. It iluminates my darkest soul bits.
76561198100771358,Recommended,268050,33289955,Posted: 5 July,all,KANEDEADMEN,one of the best games ive ever played
,Recommended,268050,24727636,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,GentleGeorge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"At chapter 6 and Im having fun so far. This is what resident evil should be. Instead of something like this, we get RE6 instead. A good survival horror game. Worth the buy.Edit: Finished the game and continuing with New Game +. What I can say is, its a good game overall. A little weak on character development and story. The optimization is great, it never gone down less than 50 fps on high setting for my pc. 8/10"
,Recommended,268050,28496969,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,tuatan,Excellent game! I am ready for the sequel! I was in love with the game from the first minutes of the demo and till the latest seconds of the last DLC.
76561198243399742,Recommended,268050,25337220,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,FaOoT%:%&/3leon,very good
76561197998948500,Recommended,268050,18074582,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,bulld0ze,Most intense game for last couple of years.
,Recommended,268050,18702929,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ganstacrizzab27,Dope game and well worth the$
,Recommended,268050,19608781,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,chaosnipples,"The Evil Within is somewhat of a gem in the world of survival horror. Thankfully this game gives you the option of difficulty settings, because this game gets incredibly difficult in many parts. Difficulty is something I enjoy. Beating this game on Nightmare was quite literally a nightmare. The graphics are incredible, but you have to have an incredible computer to play this game anywhere over 30 FPS above 1280x720. People say the character development was iffy, but this game, like many games developed in Japan, has a lot of mystery. You might be enjoying the gameplay, but there's a lot of subliminal plot ques that you might miss on in the first playthrough. Of course now there's DLC that spells out the story so you have that.TL;DR: I strongly recommend this game to anybody who enjoys a psychologically disturbing, difficult, and terrifying game with a really high end gaming computer build in year 2020."
,Recommended,268050,32799823,Posted: 25 June,all,gorillaCHEEZ,Worth
76561197997334317,Recommended,268050,25196042,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Soilworker,Very good my brain is f#ck
76561198020576701,Not Recommended,268050,24848162,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cyn0sure,"Meh. Didn't play this game long, but just long enough to realize I wasn't going to like it. I've played the first few Silent Hill and Resident Evil games, so I know what I like in a horror game. Didn't find this one the least bit scary or even creepy; just cliched, absurd, and frustrating. Lots and lots and lots of cheap, oftentimes unavoidable deaths. (BTW, I love the Dark Souls games, so it's not like I have an issue with lots of player death, in a game.) Way too much trial and error - with almost all errors leading to death, of course. Over-the-top gory and disgusting. Way too much blood and guts and feces - buckets upon buckets upon buckets of it. Sometimes, even dump truck loads of the stuff. It gets ridiculous.Now, already, I'm quitting the game and getting my money back..."
76561198018625857,Recommended,268050,24892138,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Alex,"Very solid take on well-known and established survival horror (particularly RE4) mechanics. This is a game by Shinji Mikami, the father of Resident Evil series.Buying The Evil Within, you get a mindf***ing-kind of plot, great level design (including awesome old-school boss design), well-paced gameplay and difficulty increase, all kinds of creepiness, and lots of satisfaction upon beating consecutive chapters. Definitely worth the 20€. Some people bash it's graphics, which I can understand, since it's nothing we haven't seen for the past 1-2 years (since premiere), but when I played, it wasn't a big deal. I barely paid any attention whatsoever to that. Good voice acting and also good music done with safe, old-school approach are worth mentioning too.BUY IT IF: you enjoyed RE4, like well done old-school mechanics of a survival horror, and are a fan of the genre in it's entirety.DONT BUY IT IF: you're a fan of a newer, more realistic approach to the genre, put the plot above everything else (TEW's is pretty satisfying, but as the player starts digging deeper into the game, it loses the initial freshness and traps itself in easily distinguished worn-out screenplay tricks/schemes)."
76561198016882199,Not Recommended,268050,29993243,Posted: 17 February,all,Hello Clitty,"Mash every tired horror theme together and throw in Sebastian Castellanos, the 90 pound horror game protagonist who can run for about 15 feet before before he has to stop to catch his breath. This guy couldn't even bag groceries at a supermarket without having to constantly hold his knees to regain consciousness.Remember how games in the 90s would make your blood boil because just getting touched by the boss once would make you have to replay the entire level? That's exactly what this is like, except games from the 90s were good.If you've ever seen a bad slasher film, you've already played this game and can easily pass on it without missing anything."
,Recommended,268050,19319683,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,PrimeOG,"My PC sucks I cant play it, I get 15 fps :("
76561198030066631,Recommended,268050,16186302,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Paranoidobellum,A wonderful  macabre & horror atmosphere!
,Recommended,268050,16104397,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Phantom,"The Evil Within is an excellent survival-horror. Anyone concerned this is just another action game soaked in blood don't need to worry. Mixed puzzles, stunning atmosphere, and terrifying enemy encounters come together to create a journey you may never forget.8.5/10"
76561198131733393,Recommended,268050,18554937,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Blood Seeker,Shinji Mikami is back !
,Recommended,268050,26394448,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Hanzo,"This would have been what Resident evil 6 should have been, Shinji Mikami is so talented, look at what he did to Resident Evil 4, I freaking love it and I am really looking forward to his next The Evil Within title or his new masterpiece. I will definitely recommand this game to anyone who love horror games and If you love Resident Evil 4 you will definitely find The Evil Within entertaining too."
,Recommended,268050,32711570,Posted: 23 June,all,spoopy boi,yes
,Recommended,268050,17299977,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Xinra,"If you like Resident Evil series, this game is a must-have.Pros:Good atmosphere and storyline. No cheap jumpscares.Intense boss battle. Using your wits and limited ammo to defeat seemly impossible enemiesNo annoying QTEsCons:You won't find ""horror"" in this game, just like the recent RE series.Everytime you enter a new area, you just have to be paranoid and turn around looking for supplies behind you.The DLCs complete the story(or is it?). The gameplay,however, looks familiar with a game which uses a flashlight and TVs and stuff..."
76561198061006099,Recommended,268050,34181869,Posted: 11 August,all,Ichkio,OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH BOI!I LOVE THE SWEEET TIME TO DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO11/10 - Best death sim
,Recommended,268050,25026178,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,William J. Blazkowicz,"An interesting game with many layers of sophistication, The Evil Within truly offers a unique experience that you will not experience in another game. Throughout the main story, you have strange occurances happem to the protagonist Sebastian and its puzzling and interesting atmosphere. The gameplay is really fluid and gives the player a truly unique experience. Each piece of dlc for this game is really interesting and the season pass is a must for a complete experience. Overall I recommend this game to fans of classic resident evil and people wanting to play a fun gory video game."
76561198281190232,Recommended,268050,34085864,Posted: 7 August,all,boxianzi,超级好玩的一款游戏，内心压迫感很强。
,Recommended,268050,29310692,Posted: 16 January,all,MDK,Very good game.
76561198007659692,Not Recommended,268050,29290053,Posted: 15 January,all,NihilistMERC,"I actually like the classic survival horror look and feel to this game. The gore aesthetic is intense and over the top which is cool. So why do i not recommend this game? This is easily one of the most poorly optimized games i have ever played. At times, it will maintain a smooth 60fps, but other times it hitches and sputters for no reason. I watched my friend play it on his PS4 and it looks like it never hit 30fps, not even once. Unacceptable. The developers should have spent more time in the optimization phase of production for this game."
,Recommended,268050,19933416,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,？？？,"Generally speaking, this is a wonderful horror games. The atmosphere is so great that I have been scared many times. By the way, background music is another fabulous feature of this games. Classic musics associated with horrible scene bring me a very good experience. However, there are also some flaws. Firstly, the story line is a little bit complex sometimes even intricate. And it is too difficult to a green hand to play."
,Recommended,268050,29594395,Posted: 30 January,all,Ubihazard,The problem with The Evil Within is that it ends.
76561198139214338,Recommended,268050,30038689,Posted: 19 February,all,ricemitchell75,This is honestly my first ever survial horror game i played and i liked it great story crazy twist end at the end. sometimes unexcpeted one shot kills from not even boss people. pretty good in my book
,Recommended,268050,19812758,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Seadog,Wholeheartedly recommend this game for anyone who enjoyed the first resident evils or horror survival genres.Well worth it on a sale.4.5 bones out of 5!
,Not Recommended,268050,14504294,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Chandler,"Where to start? Mechanically, the game is adequate. It looks alright, performs well enough (although not great), and most things work as expected. From here, things go down hill.The story starts out non-existent and ends somewhere between there and non-sensical. The game jumps all over the place (literally), and the story makes pretty much no sense (even after the credits roll).There was not a single point in the game where I felt like it was a 'horror' game, and most of the attempts at horror just come off as cheesey schlock. ""Survival"" is another tag attached to this game, and I think that's also a bit of a stretch.The above would all be forgivable if the rest of the game was actually fun, though. There are good moments in the game, but there are also a slew of awful moments in between those far too rare good ones. Checkpoints are sporadic, as is the difficulty. So you'll go through entire chapters with a save every 5 minutes and never be in danger, and on another level you'll end up replaying a 20 minute section over and over because of a (literally) randomly spawning enemy that instagibs you if he touches you. Fun.Overall, I would not recommend this game. There are so many other games that this one is trying to emulate that do it better. Go play Dead Space instead."
,Not Recommended,268050,14937321,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,KryThorne,"I assume this is an amazing cinematic experience for some people. This game certainly wasn't intended to be fun, it was intended to be an ""experience"". For me, that experience was that it was an awful game.First encounter with an enemy, the game gives you a tutorial to stealth. Fair enough. If you walk up behind him, itpromptsyou to press space to stealth kill. If you press space.. he then kills you in a cutscene. And the game laughs at you.Okay, it doesn't laugh at you (out loud) but the game is full of instances of 'Do what the director/designer wanted in this moment or die. And then replay the last ten minutes because we sure as hell didn't put checkpoints before these moments'.Last chapter I played, the antagonist (I think? Sure as hell not going to play further to find out) appears at random intervals to one-shot kill you if you don't run away from him. And on occasion he'll just appear right in front of you and kill you anyway. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, that they didn't just decide to randomly kill the player and this was an unintended bug but .. wow."
,Recommended,268050,15094231,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Sir Assassin st.,Come back of Survivor Horror
,Recommended,268050,15069718,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Lyra,I can't even play this on my own; someone has to be nearby. Too scary for me ;_;
,Recommended,268050,34641042,Posted: 31 August,all,Trick Guy,"8/10 spooks, very spooky"
,Recommended,268050,20732798,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,AmaraBee,I was jump scared by the Magic School Bus
76561198098599079,Recommended,268050,20955912,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kermit the Fraud,Enjoyed every bit and every boss battle until the end
,Not Recommended,268050,34030727,Posted: 4 August,all,Lawlielove,"Maybe this game would be easier to play with a controller, but it is insanely frusterating to play when the the movements are sensitive even when the mouse sensitivity at a 10. You are so zoomed into the character, you can't see anything. I only got to chapter 3 until I was just too frusterated with it."
76561198009096711,Recommended,268050,32010662,Posted: 27 May,all,Drakengard,"Horror in evey sense of the word.  I don't think I've been quite so distubred since System Shock 2.  Dead Space 1 & 2 definitely have their unique body horror, but nothing quite like this.  Inventive in a disturbing way.  The body horror is off the charts and your heart is going to be racing as you try to manage your way through levels, especially the boss encounters.Gameplay definitely can be described as the traditional ""tank"" controls with the tight 3rd person camera over the shoulder.  You can shoot and move and you're going to have to.  Lots of options at play to build your character as you see fit.  More stealth in the early game and more shooting in the late game.If there's a negative to be had, I think the addition of stealth is problematic.  I love stealth games so it's not a huge issue for me.  But this game was designed around it.  If you screw up stealthing, shooting is an option, but limited resources make it punishment if you're not good at doing stealth.  There were points where even I was out of ammo and barely making it through to the end of chapters.  So if you're not into stealth gameplay, you may want to look elsewhere.Story is solid, but perhaps leaves a bit too much in the dark.  I hear that the DLC expansions add more to it so I work make it a negative.  It's intriguing, but not easy to follow with characters that are interesting but not personal enough to really get to love.  You don't spend enough time with them and their motives (and even your own in certain regards) are not all together clear beyond ""let's not die.""All in all, if you're looking for a tense horror game with boss fights ala Resident Evil and Dead Space, this is definitely a game for you to look into."
,Not Recommended,268050,29941882,Posted: 15 February,all,leechmonger,"[I have far more than 5 hours in this game, I imagine because I played it offline it didn't count my numerous other hours spent here]Nothing says TRUE Survival Horror like shooting up enemies with a turret and then running them over with a bus. This game lasts far too long, with an unengaging world that feels like the developers couldn't decide what setting they wanted as you are thrown from a mental hospital to an old village to pseudo-Silent Hill Otherworld corridors to catacombs, most of these being as much as a single level so you never have time to immerse yourself in any of these worlds before you're launched into a completely different one.The story is absolute pants. It didn't interest me at all, and after the Big Twist (which I will spoil near the bottom, hidden behind spoiler text) it lost me even further. If changing my environment every 5 minutes wasn't immersion-breaking enough, the story twist was the final nail. The characters have absolutely no personalities whatsoever except for generic descriptions that could be applied to just about any character in the same area, in this case mostly detectives. Because of this, you can't help but not care for anybody in the story as there is nothing to care about.As for the gameplay itself, it is incredibly repetitive, focusing heavily on generic zombie enemies that utilize a QTE grab attack 95% of the time. The stealth sections are tiresome as the AI isn't particularly smart or interesting, and you will find yourself waiting for far too long before having a window to progress. These stealth sections also only really cover the first chapter or two of the game. After that, ammo becomes fairly plentiful. You probably won't be breezing through things carefree, pockets lined with handgun bullets and shotgun shells, but you'll most likely have enough to get by without too much trouble. That is, until the game decides to throw all it can at you to completely starve you of ammo just to make the next area more obnoxious than it should be. Knocking enemies down also allows you to set them on fire, should you have matches, which kills them instantly and has a chance of setting other enemies close enough on fire, although this does not seem to work quite as often as you'd hope, and the game flat out forgets to give you matches through a big chunk of it iirc.There are also far too many insta-kill situations, such as various traps and every boss being able to kill you just by coming into contact with you. This only adds a facade of difficulty and tension, and becomes incredibly tiresome after the third death. This, plus fairly infrequent and inconvenient checkpoints, creates a very frustrating experience.Now let's talk designs. As far as the enemy designs go, it's fairly hit or miss here. Creatures such as Laura, the Shigyo and the Trauma, in my opinion, have very neat designs. However, the default enemy, the Haunted, are very generic looking, your standard Zombie with a bit of extra gore thrown in for good measure. These make up a very high percentage of what you will be fighting, and they're not particularly interesting in that regard either. There is a more dangerous common enemy introduced later in the game which are more interesting, looking like they would fit right into The Thing. I want to say I really do enjoy the Keeper's design, but it is held back by being a fairly blatant Pyramid Head knockoff. I don't hold that against the design too much, though, as despite lacking subtlety it looks cool and doesn't behave too much like Pyramid Head to be a total ripoff. Much later into the game, though, the enemy designs start to go a little overboard, with some of the creatures looking like incomprehensible piles of flesh and giving off a vibe of ""trying too hard.""Personally I believe you can't really be frightened of something visually if you can't tell what it's supposed to even be.The world design is inconsistent and most areas feel like a funhouse minus the fun, with traps everywhere and strange architecture that, while it might make sense in the story's context, continues to make the game feel completely unengaging. It's also nothing you haven't seen before with, as stated above, mental hospitals, old villages a la RE4 and destroyed cities.Also at the start Sebastian can only sprint for about 2 seconds before he runs out of breath.THE BIG TWIST:IT'S ALL IN YOUR HEAD!!! The reason this bothers me so much is because it completely takes you out of the game's world, suspending what little remaining engrossment in the story you may have left and having events and your actions feel meaningless.TL;DR as I absolutely put way too much into this than it's worth:+ Some interesting designs+ Game feels a bit more solid when it sticks with a setting and environment for more than 5 minutes+ Somewhat interesting boss fights. Maybe.+ A li'l bonus from me for having a cool water monster even if it wasn't mechanically very interesting- Unengaging world- Uninspiring story and bland characters- Lackluster enemy and world design overall- Drags on far too long- Frustrating stealth segments- Numerous one-hit kill moments- Repetitive- The story gets more fleshed out and interesting, but only via DLC- At one point you fight 2 keepers y'all ain't even tryin LOL"
,Recommended,268050,13176961,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,jasonorme666,An absolutely amazing game.
,Recommended,268050,12935215,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,DolgVlaPet,"Some really weird and whacky♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have no idea what the hell is going on, I am playing most of the game on low health and ammo and I think I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants a little... Good game, 10 of 10."
,Recommended,268050,13158577,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mallikeet,"I was skeptical of the game, but it turned out to be quite enjoyable. If you're looking for a scary horror experience, you will be disappointed. A few ""oh crap!"" moments stand out, with some very tense fights, but besides that the horror elements and story can be ignored.What it does stand as is a fun, enjoyable third person shooter, with a good variety of weapons, a nice upgrade system, and interesting, distinctive levels. The gameplay is fun and nice, but not necessarily easy, presenting a nice challenge on Survival difficulty. The controls are good as well, the usual fare pretty much.The visuals are magnificent, and this may be the best looking horror game to date (right up there with Dead Space 2), they really put effort in to the area design. However, it comes at a steep disproportionate price. The game is very poorly optimized, framerates dropping very low at some points (below 30) on high end hardware without there really being what would seem like many polygons on the screen. Additionally, quality settings are oversimplified and lacking. While the the framerate lock and bars at the top and bottom of the screen are easily removable by a setting, good luck actually maintaining greater than 30 FPS.It's not a masterpiece, but definitely worth a play through when it's on sale around $25 (if you have the hardware to support it)."
,Recommended,268050,13176234,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sup3rAryanJesus,This is a great game!
76561198091091803,Recommended,268050,13135615,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,trewiun,"this game is an extremely good game. i bought it for 20$ but if i would of knew it was this good i would of purchased it when it first came out. easily worth 60$. only thing is, its not the most frightening game (coming from a guy that was terrified of amnesia) but it does have a good feel to it. i would say a must have. pick it up 9/10"
76561198081633090,Recommended,268050,13229931,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,AwenMilano,"Put headset on (max volume), turn off the light, and just feel the sensation.CARDIAC SURGERY is come to you,,, LOL"
76561198141432877,Not Recommended,268050,14187321,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,scream4dakil,in about 15 mins itll make 2 days since i bought this game . i have uninstalled and reinstalled twice in about 38 houes including 31gigs of game and another couple gigs of first time installtion updates. and yet it has taken me that LONG to write review.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. waste of time. and probably bought a game that i will not be able to play on my computer in the future period.do not waste your money or time this game has 10 (found) or more problems on why you cant even go past the steam launch bottom. thank you kikame
,Recommended,268050,25482359,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,kwattigor,ok so i've been playing this game alot recently now that my pc can finnaly run it with more then 10 fps and i gotta say the story is well done while not a scary game imho it definitly is a thriller i found alot of moments in the game im like wtf is going on in a good way they really do a good job of portraying and dark twisted world graphics are really good if you got pc that can handle it yes it did have issues at launch which plagued the games chance of success but if you can get past the early reviews and actualy play the game youll see it has solid gamplay that is fun sometimes can be frustrating at higher difficulty but nothing you can't overcome with some good old noggin power all that being said i rate the game a 4/5
,Recommended,268050,19886032,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,IRefIectI,"Don't go into this game with the expectation that you're going to be scared. This game is not something that will keep you scared after you finish playing it. The game will throw a lot of blood and gore at you with scary looking things, but that's the extent of the scare.What this game is, and what you should go into with the expectation, is an action game with horror elements. There are horror-style monsters, but the game is thoroughly an action game with resource management.The movements can be a little clunky, and deaths will be frequent on higher difficulties. Buried in the mess, there is a very interesting and thought out story to the game. I am on my second playthrough now, and am enjoying it.I believe this game got a lot of negative reviews because of the way it was talked up and advertised. It was said to ""revolutionize"" and ""reinvent"" the survival horror genre. That is not the case. Moving past that, this game is a very enjoyable and challenging experience with a cool story and begs for a sequel to answer the loose ends."
76561198005582304,Recommended,268050,34941755,Posted: 13 September,all,Auroq,Snuck up on a zombie haplessly eating some meat next to a fire.Stealthy drew a knife inside his brainstem the very instant he peaked over his shoulder.Turned to my right and saw a horde of twenty zombies scream and growl at me.10/10 would train zombies into landmines again.
76561198184088751,Recommended,268050,34559287,Posted: 28 August,all,DJ JOYGAMING,ITS AWESOME IM MAKING SEVERAL VIDEOS SUPPORTING THE GAME AND YOU GUYS THEY ARE COMING ON MY CHANNEL DJ JOYGAMING TODAY.
,Recommended,268050,12743880,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,NoxFleuretta,"An amazing game, l've played both with the retro 30fps lock and black borders (the experience the game was tailored for), and the 60fps lock with black borders disabled. I'd have to say l enjoyed the latter experience better. The game itself isn't very scary, which l was a bit disappointed about, being a hardcore horror fan, the atmosphere and immersion however, were exceptional, the best l've experienced in a horror game before. The game starts out great as a survival horror game but then slowly takes a more action-oriented path as the game goes on, but the whole experience is absolutely worth every penny. I encountered one crash the entire 30 hours l've played and no other problems that seem to plague others. If you're a horror fan, l definitely recommend The Evil Within. I only just finished the game before writing this review and briefly started 'Nightmare Mode' so l can't say for certain but from what l've played, l think 'Nightmare Mode' is the difficulty the game was meant to be played on, enemies are much more deadly and aware and it feels a lot more like the survival horror game l hoped The Evil Within would be, as using action in this mode makes it a lot harder to survive. Unfortunately you have to first beat the game on 'Survival Mode' (basically normal difficulty) to unlock 'Nightmare Mode'. That's it!"
76561198041605804,Recommended,268050,13188394,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,xldcreflexlx,I really didn't expect to like this game as much as I did  It really is a fun game very similar to Resident Evil 4 (that's a good thing btw)  the music is fantasatic and the graphics are pretty good too
,Recommended,268050,13309259,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Jelly Snake,"""The Return of Survival Horror""  10 cookies / 10 cookies -me10/10 better than COD plus its not COD- IGN9.5 of 3 donnuts - my neighborYes it's like the old school survival horror games but NAWXT GEN so no more RUN AND HIDE *COUGH SLENDERMAN COUGH OUTLAST COUGH* games :D"
76561198059631726,Not Recommended,268050,13423392,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,taylorbrontario,boring
76561198014723847,Recommended,268050,13874808,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,HellScream®,"I was anxiously awaiting the release of The Evil Within. When I saw that the game was being directed by Shinji Mikami, I was expecting to play a game that was going to be the spiritual successor to Resident Evil 4. The Evil Within bares many similarities to this game. It attempts to create a suspenseful and gritty gaming experience  by combining horror, tension, and action. Unfortunately, the game simply does not equate to the sum of its parts. The Evil Within, while enjoyable, feels generic, forgettable, and repetitive at times.The Evil Within is designed and performs like a standard third person shooter. The controls might take a little getting used to, but they are manageable. The game begins as a survival horror. The player starts off with limited resources and must rely on stealth to dispatch enemies.  However, as the game progresses, the player begins to find more ammunition, and The Evil Within begins to focus more on action. The game's arsenal is limited, but still provides the player with enough satisfying options to destroy enemies. Weapons and player attributes are upgradeable through a skill-point system, though health and ammunition cannot be purchased.The game's plot is intriguing but heavily convoluted and  hard to follow. It's told through a series of cinematic and in-game files. The player will assume control of Sebastian, a detective tasked to investigate an emergency at a mental asylum.  Shortly after arriving, Sebastian is knocked unconscious and separated from his compatriots. He escapes only to find himself in an ever-changing city and stalked by an enigmatic figure. Sebastian has hallucinations and flashbacks, as the game plays on a psychological thriller vibe. There are also several documents the player can find that detail the characters' background and the backstory behind the plot.Unfortunately, the game keeps jumping between areas and the player is unable to determine what is really happening and what is a hallucination. I understand that this is a story-telling element, but it's overused to the point where players might feel lost and with several questions. Another major fault is the acting and character growth of almost all the characters. Sebastian has the personality of a dead moth and does not appeal or relate to the player.  His demeanor remains unchained throughout the game.  Meanwhile, the game's antagonist, 'Ruvic',  fits almost all the stereotypes for a malevolent genius seeking revenge on society.So what does the Evil Within get right? The first few hours of the game are set in a dreary rural village. Layers of fog and darkness comb over the nightscape, which is only illuminated by scattered funeral pyres. As soon as I stumbled upon this setting, I felt a gut-wrenching sensation of impending doom and malice.  This theme fits perfectly with the scarcity of ammunition, and will force the player to sneak around the map rather than engaging enemies head-on.  These moments were very tense and pretty much embody the essence of a survival horror genre.  The Evil Within slowly picks up pace, and as aforementioned, becomes more focused on action. Sadly, these segments at times feel mundane and dated, and have the player engaging wave after wave of enemy in a systematic manner.The Evil Within is not a bad game by any means, but it does not live up to the standards set by Mikami's other titles. The single player campaign will take players  at least a hearty 15 hours to complete.  Many players seem to lose interest in the game mid-way through the game because of the detached  plot  or frustration from the sometimes unforgiving difficulty. I purchased the game when it went on a massive dsicount and enjoyed playing it on a cold winter's weekend. While it's not the spiritual successor to Resident Evil 4 that many Mikami fanatics were waiting for, The Evil Within is still an enjoyable game that features both action-driven and survival horror style gameplay."
76561198020181900,Recommended,268050,14158173,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,HS,9/10
,Not Recommended,268050,14255112,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,xpaladin,"The art and animation is outright fantastic. The art is very well featured in the levels and definitely captures that horror genre feel. The damage modeling is without peer, perhaps some of the best in the industry right now. Top all the lovely art off with some RE4-styled combat, and you have the fun parts of Evil Within.That being said though, all of this can not save this title mired by horrific (read: bad) writing featuring forgettable protagonists AND forgettable antagonists. The design is nightmarish (read: bad) display of no how not to do it: the set pieces and scenarios this game dumps you into are so utterly uninteresting that it is a bit of a struggle to get through this game.Worse, when it isn't uninteresting, it is extremely infuriating. For a game touting itself as ""survival horror"", you don't have many options regarding alternate methods to dealing with situations. There is a lot of trial and error, much of which is spent trying to figure out how the developer/designer wanted you to complete that set piece.I suggest avoiding this title. However, if you're a fan of Resident Evil 4, you might want to keep it on your wishlist and wait for a sale - you might like it."
76561198060641723,Not Recommended,268050,14273485,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,csanchez024,"I think the people that made this game got really really high and would sit around and have conversations that went something like this...""Like, what if it's like, a scary game, but like, in like a mental hospital?""""Yeah. I don't think anyone has done that yet.""""And like, what if there's like, zombie people. And like, their eyes glow all scary and stuff.""""Okay, yeah.""""AND THEY CAN TURN INVISABLE!""""YEAH!""""And throw dynomite!""""OH MAN!""""And shoot guns and set booby-traps! So they're like super scary!""""Okay yeah yeah!""""And like, you're a cop guy, with a pistol, and shotgun... and...um. A CROSSBOW!! BUT LIKE, A BIG ONE WITH ICE ARROWS!!""""AND THE WHOLE WORLD BLOWS UP LIKE IN THAT KICK♥♥♥♥♥MOVIE '2012' WITH JOHN Coo-Sack!""""Speaking of movies. We should totally make it like, so you're like, playing like, a movie.""""Okay, why don't we put those big black bars that take up half the screen while you play? So it's like you ARE a movie.""""Woah...""""Should we make an option where you can remove them?""""Nah, people are gonna love that.""...And thus, The Evil Within was made.(More realistic review)Don't buy this game unless it's $20 or LESS! It's entertaining enough to spend a bit of money on. But I would have shot myself in the face if I spent $60 on this. It takes a minute and a half just to open a freaking door. The story is really really really dull and very uncreative. It is genuienly NOT scary at all! I'm pretty easily spooked. The monsters patterns are easy to predict, which is actually a plus for THIS game because the controls are so bad. Your character walks around like a drunk man during an earthquake in a bounce house. Unless you croutch the entire time, which blows. The 'hide' feature in this game is pretty useless. I think I used it twice. If you're trying to look into a room that is to your left, the camera decides you want to stare at the wall to your right. This game had so much hype and it really didn't meet expectation.Plus side to this game is the look! It's freaking beautiful!! But it stops there.Again, the game isn't so bad that you should never try it. But DON'T pay full price."
76561198086276748,Recommended,268050,13460511,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Bunny (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ,"I will start this review off by saying that this has become one of my favorite horror/survival games of all time.The graphics are unbelievable and the atmosphere speaks for itself. The gameplay style (upgrading items/skills, movement, and keys/controller) truly reminded me of the most recent Tomb Raider game and the atmosphere itself reminds me a little of Silent Hill in a very odd way. The storyline is just amazing - it is the reason I keep coming back. I somehow muster up the courage to play through the grim atmosphere and the sheer horror just to find out what is really going on.However, if you are looking for lots of jumpscares, then this is not the right game for you. Sure, there are a few, but not many.I truly and sincerely recommend this game for the amazing atmosphere, storyline, and gore.10/10"
,Recommended,268050,12515951,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Neoyoshi,"The Evil Within - Living/Progressive ReviewThis review is being slowly written while experiencing the game title.PrefaceIf the Films:Se7en&Jacobs Laddereloped and bore offspring, that offspring would mostcertainlybe: The Evil within.Review Under ConstructionStory:Coming soon.Visuals & Aesthetic:There is something to be said about The Evil Within's visuals and art-direction, and it would be difficult for me to articulate a moment in which i did not feel absolutely spoiled by this level of detail and immersive atmosphere.So first, let's talk about what so many people look at first and tend to judge the harshest; ""visuals"" -From the get-go, we can see a huge advancement with DirectX 11 Tessellation techniques that have added a lot of depth and detail to models and architecture, more so then i have seen in any other released game title so far: ""The Witcher 3"" is probably the only other title i have seen with this level of tessellation.Lighting and Shader technology looks like it has also made leaps and bounds in this title as well; i don't beleive i have ever seen lighting techniques this realistic before.  The Fog and Smoke effects in The Evil Within are also amazing....  ..so amazing that it actually caused a bit of a slow down for me.Often i find myself stopping to look at something or to take a screenshot, because the way the visuals are balanced with the art-direction is quite stunning, the haunting atmosphere and the dismal settings and just that overall feeling that even the walls themselves could cause bodily harm, -hits home for me in the aesthetics department of video game design.Everything from the floor-boards to the rafters looks like a painstaking amount of time was devoted to making sure the smallest detail; including some random sticky-note on a desk appeared like it would something a player would stop to look at.It is also noteworthy that virtually nothing is wasted visually with the environments, everything looks placed accordingly to it's proper setting and there are no bare spots of washed-out nothingness or empty corners. There always seems to be something the character can look at and it feels like the object you are looking at matters or attributes to the game-world somehow.The creepy vibe and deliberate grainy washed effects add layer upon layer of horror awesomeness that i have yet to even begin to be able to verbalize in my daily activities.Although for me the issue mostly takes a back seat personally, the Graphics and Optimization options are lacking quite a bit in this title, and yes, it is a pretty resource intensive game, but with good reason, the Tessellation and Mega-textures are all system-locked, and cannot be scaled back to allow a wider variety of GPU's to render everything without slow-downs.Simply put, the prettiest aspects of the game visuals are kind of all locked in and even if one turned all the options down, the Texture quality and even most of the shader quality would not change, so this can make it a frustrating experience for mid-range gaming PC owners.In all honesty, the Graphics optimization, or lack-there-of, is quite possibly The Evil Within's only low-point.  Which can only mean good news for Bethesda and Tango if they get on the ball and figure out a way to patch the PC version with a Optimization hot-fix.Sound & Musical Score:Gameplay & Control Mechanics:Replay Value:"
,Recommended,268050,13228279,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,An Agreed Upon Price,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant! Yes x10
,Recommended,268050,13234246,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Chip,THIS GAME IS AMAZING TOTALLY GET IT BRO BUT IF YOUR A BABY AND GET SCARED EASILY THEN THIS GAME IS NOT 4 YOU!
,Recommended,268050,13758131,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,siberianV5,"Thanks to the last Steam's 2014 Winter sale and The Evil Within Demo, I finally decided to get the full game which I just managed to finished (in Casual mode) before the year ends. I have a low tolerance for gore both in video games and movies so I'm elated to find out that the ""disabled graphic content"" is present in the game options.The Evil Within has a Resident Evil 4 feel but it's more tense, atmospheric and difficult. I highly recommend that you try the Demo first and see if your rig can run the game smoothly. Thankfully I didn't experienced any glitches that hassled my gameplay, although I have yet to try if I can play it in a much high AA settings especially for intense chapters.Edit: added my rig's specs for reference.cpu: intel i5 4460 @ 3.2ghzram: kingston fury 8giggpu: nvidia geforce GTX 650 Ti (1gb)OS: windows 7I haven't experienced any lag even if I set the AA settings to MLAA or SMAA, I just noticed that the textures are not impressive compared to those with higher GPUs and processors but for now, my present setup works well enough for me. :)The game levels designs are really intense, engaging and frustrating; there are chapters where both the Boss, haunteds and traps are being thrown at you at the same time and these will surely deplete your ammo stock and health. Also the constant change of environment was really cool for me and it really keeps me on guard. Sebastian moves can be lethal if he's away from the horde so make sure to always upgrade his health and sprint abilities first, he's also capable of stealth kills except for the boss fights. Most of the Bosses scared the wits out of me (both in their character designs and their abilities), so I rarely played during the night and prefer to play it in the afternoon instead.There isn't much can be said on the story - as no solid infos was really provided on what kind of organization they're up against. Despite finishing the game, I'm postponing my DLC purchase until further notice. I hope whatever un-answered questions there is on the main game these will be bought to light in the upcoming DLCs.p.s.For the STEAM's upcoming December 2016 game awards, I nominate this game on The “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Award category.  I can't wait to see if the others also included this game under that category too."
76561198061027030,Recommended,268050,13918377,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Uber Thumbs,"The comparison to RE4 is pretty much unavoidable here. But while it may feel familiar, it does so in all the best ways: Tight controls, blistering action, and creepy atmosphere. The story is all over the place, but in a way that keeps you guessing and adds to the disorientating circumstance. The weapons pack a satisfying punch and the enemies are freaky as all hell. The journey through this twisted landscape will not soon be forgotten."
76561198125591647,Recommended,268050,14134960,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,J_A_C_E,I'm taking a break from this game. Can only take so much craziness!!
76561198072215601,Recommended,268050,14169846,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,BTsanwich,"I already beat the story mode this game on PS4 and playing this game on PC (after ""the big update"") was a way better experience.  Even without the smoother 60fps framerate and the option of fullscreen, this is still a fantastic survival horror game.  Alot of bad reviews came out for this game at launch mainly bashing the 30fps lock and forcing letterbox, in turn receiving a score under 70 from most reviewers.  I think this game deserves much more than that especially after the newest updates.Pros:- Fun and challenging- High end graphics- Extremely violent- Actually scary- Update unlocking 60fps and fullscreen- Intriguing plot- Strong Opening- Good Leveling systemCons:- You need a really good PC to run it smoothly- Target recticle and other displays interfere with ambiance (there is an option to turn them off, but not to toggle them)- No emotional connection to any of the characters- Infrequent checkpoints  (although that could be a pro to some)Overall: 8.5/10"
76561198030392111,Recommended,268050,14170317,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,PP | EpicSaxGuy,"wow. i had to said it.this game is something different. really.it is hard,it is brainstorming, it is without pity. it remembers me dark soul in some way. only more extreme. 1 mistake and it is over. for a trap for an enemy you didn't spot in time for an horde of enemy attraced by your rambo stile with guns.no misteakes allowed. finally. i love this kind of game where the player must find the wright way to pass level or die countless time.it is so beautiful to beat the level if it cost so much effort to try.the graphic is stunning the music wonderful and very dark,(only be sure your computer can run it is pretty heavy on requirement) the level very well designed. the gameplay is claustrophobic, distopic, distorted.you will always be in stealth mode for fear to be spotted or running from terrying creatures. there will be also a lot of jumpscares too.i reccomend it strongly to everyone who want a truly immersive and difficult game.beware of the dark"
,Not Recommended,268050,14260130,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ika_st,"meh. Just another meh zombie game.It is gross and dirty rather than horror, and those screaming and voices in the background are plain annoyingeven though in the beginning it shows that you can choose stealth, hit and run is what all i need to do"
76561197981352349,Not Recommended,268050,14408503,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,realmidnight,"The problem with this title is that it is simply not fun to play. One frustrating death leads to another in this heavily scripted game. I gave up at chapter 10, about 20 hours in. Uninstalled it and never going back."
76561198078221601,Recommended,268050,13576186,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Hidden Kuma,Haven't Played a Horror game like this one in a while. definitely people should give it a try!
76561197987131823,Recommended,268050,13953241,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Seth,"Good game, entertaining story. Unlike alot of other horror games out there has a decent length to the game aswell.Only problem I have with it is the normal movement of the character looks a little weird."
76561198019224502,Recommended,268050,14166687,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TheHumlo,"scary but good, runs fine"
,Not Recommended,268050,14223611,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kiwi Carl,There is a bug in this where on PC you cannot progress past a pit full of blood. You are meant to go through a door but it just doesn’t open. I raised this as a query with the developers and they replied suggesting i needed to de-install and re-install the game. Having done this the same thing happened and the support team did not then reply further. Very disappointing
,Not Recommended,268050,13476025,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tobias Parker,"Generic spoilers, no details.The game has 15 chapters.  If it had ended at chapter 10 I would say it was a must play but, well, it didn't  The worst part is, some of the most interesting scenery and situations were in chapters 11-15 but without a change in enemies or gameplay it just couldn't hold my interest.  I was praying each chapter would be the last but the plot just kept rolling and as it turns out, it wasn't rolling to anything.  It just kind of stopped without answering any questions and after slogging my way through encounter after encounter of similar looking and acting enemies I just couldn't care anymore.That being said this game has some amazing moments of mind bending city-scapes, twisted brutal imagery, and some epic boss fights.  Think of Inception mixed with Saw.  The actual gameplay has some amazing moments as well with surprise scares, fun gunplay and does a decent job of throwing in some set-piece moments that I don't want to spoil.I cannot think of a game more worthy of mixed reviews.  The first 5 hours I couldn't recommend more and some of the scenes in the final third are breathtaking as well but man oh man did it sometimes feel like wading through a neck deep swamp.Recommendation:  Yes if you can get it cheap, no otherwise."
76561198042398656,Not Recommended,268050,14128219,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Skamper  Gunallen,"I don't know how to feel about this game, I waited for it a very long time ever since I first saw it announced and to be true with myself and everyone else it was nothing like what I had expected, the controls you get are terribly flawed providing for a sucky game play, so far I enjoyed the story but the controls are just so f***ing messed up.For starters the camera angle is just terrible, the movement speed is very slow as well even if you increase or decrease the sensitivity it makes little to no difference and just over all a bunch of different problems everywhere and I keep finding more when I playShould you buy it? well if you want to waste you money sure if you want a game that is basically the same horror based thing just go play dead space, up until number two that is, three sucked."
,Recommended,268050,14139733,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Smoke,great game. play it in the dark with headphones
,Recommended,268050,14148758,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Mikaelson,For all you Horror fans this Game is Like EVIL DEAD 1 & 2. ****s your head non-Stop. 45/30 Gallons of blood. Had to get tested after playng this game
,Recommended,268050,14148948,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,KillsForCookies,To freakin scary for me why did i even buy this >.> damn you steam sales....
76561198123893073,Recommended,268050,14177832,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ItzzSlayer,Really good game to play. got a few spweeks hiding in there some where ;)other than that I give it a 9/10It's a buy for people who like horror games! :)
76561198080708680,Recommended,268050,20180968,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,PartyBoyRyan92,Great game well created. A few things need improving.
,Recommended,268050,20252280,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Purps™,"+Thick atmosphere, creepy monster design and surreal, confronting imagery.+Slick visual design. Graphical quality sits between alright and fantastic for most of the game.+Actually challenging! The harder difficulties reward players for being cautious, learning the mechanics and playing smart, while playing recklessly will result in running headfirst into traps and wasting your precious resources. If you're a terrible, poo-poo baby who can't handle challenging games, you'll be beaten into the dirt.+Unpredictable. As a side-effect of the storyline being dumb as♥♥♥♥♥♥ you never really know what's going to happen next.-Few graphics options.-Bugs and control issues on PC.-Horrible performance. If your computer isn't state-of-the-art, you won't be able to run it smoothly.-Storyline is ridiculous.I think the pros outweigh the cons, but I'd still put this in the ""If it's on sale"" pile, because the hardware issues can potentially prevent you from even being able to play it.I rate this game 3.5 out of 5 maximum shotgun shells in your inventory."
,Recommended,268050,20186620,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,anthony_stratton,"I love horror games and this was was pretty good!  Great story, some good scares.  I liked that you can contruct bolts etc.. Would prefer more variety for the construction, but all in all I will be playing this game again!!"
,Recommended,268050,20174199,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,็,Good game from shinji mikami
76561198204690079,Recommended,268050,25449942,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Calamity Blaster,Never♥♥♥♥♥♥myself so hard before10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
,Not Recommended,268050,19225799,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,slaw,"Two things sour this title: Too much insta-death and too much cutscene.Quite a few times, you just die instantly, and then rinse-repeat the same section, the same cutscene, which you can't skip, all so you can finally proceed again.  It's maddening sometimes.This game had a lot of promise, a renowned lead developer who created the Resident Evil series, amazing graphics, very good sound and ambient sound to set the mood, and a crazy plot that takes you through a twisted world.  The mechanics at first teach you to be stealthy, to use the environment with cover, to be patient, and to use distractions like broken bottles to get behind the enemies to make stealthy kills.  That's great stuff, all of it.. then things turn bad.The mechanics of the above are not strictly enforced, enemies can suddenly 'know' where you are no matter if you were stealthy or not.  The 'normal' mode is all about resource restriction, which really translates into, low health mode with very limited ammo.  Which brings on the player deaths to higher frequencies, then the rinse-repeat, watch a cutscene, rinse-repeat.. dead.. rinse-repeat.. you get the idea.You die so often it's hard to really care about the main character.. it's hard to even be fearful of the bosses or enemies.  When the game starts, you have that fear.. as you play through it, you lose it.. especially after dying so much that you literally begin to just choke down yet another death so you can see the story you've invested yourself in.If you like rinse-repeat / cutscene gaming.. you'll enjoy this.. otherwise, spare yourself the misery and spend your time and money elsewhere."
,Recommended,268050,27888980,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JakeyTin,worth every penny of my money but dont have the time at the moment
,Recommended,268050,33423915,Posted: 9 July,all,Drain,"Drain's full LP of the game:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGYTSvZvuRkH66W7dPe5VF7jluMreU9YkThe Evil Within is a much awaited return to good horror gaming, being the first good one I've played since... well... probably Alan Wake or Revelations 2. Despite some annoying flaws such as the overuse of instant death scripts, it was still an enjoyable horror game, and one I recommend. I suggest skipping the first 2 DLCs though, as they are terrible and I regret having bought them. The third was ok... making me wonder why it wasn't just the only DLC for the game."
76561197963708554,Recommended,268050,33550611,Posted: 14 July,all,Bioject,"This is what Resident Evil 4 tried to do and failed. If you want a modern survival horror that plays like Resident Evil 4 but feels like Resident Evil 1-3 with the horror of the classic Silent Hill games, I highly recommend this."
76561197971000440,Recommended,268050,33830381,Posted: 27 July,all,Tom Cruise in Ass Violence 4,"a horror masterpiece.  ""nightmare: the game"".  this game got mediocre reviews when it was released and i just don't understand it.  the graphics are top notch.  controls are acceptable, tho it does retain a tiny bit of that resident evil tankiness.  i don't pay a lot of attention to narrative in games, i focus more on the moment to moment action, and this game feels like a horrible, horrible dream.  the way it shifts from one scene to the next with little to no explanation, the incoherence, it is the stuff of nightmares.  the director of this game knew exactly what he was doing.  if you like scary movies or scary games, play this."
76561198153519371,Recommended,268050,34928393,Posted: 13 September,all,Diāna,Had problems with mouse control but game is epic.
,Not Recommended,268050,13578787,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,MishMash,"Not scary, stupid characters, stupid story, boring gameplay. Umm good graphics... for the first chapter at least.3/10 for at least having gameplay."
,Not Recommended,268050,28320240,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Squidcake,"you'll want to finish this game to make sense of the otherwise incredibly confusing and random store, but I'm not recommending this.  The game is just riddled with instant kill triggers, cheap (and sometimes borderline unavoidable) deaths because of the controls or straight-out bugs (like Ruvik spawning on top of you while you're in the middle of a match throwing animation, insta killing you when you're stuck in the animation. GG ...). It also relies a Lot on trial and error. Enemies take a serious beating, while the game provides very little ammo. So you are required to be resourceful, except the game throws out the possibility to do so out the window 4 chapters in. Stealth is completely impossible half way in, in favor of waves (you will cry blood out of frustration in these section).There are 15 chapters, i got to chapter 10 and then just lost incentive and mood to play this game. It's more of the same and worse. I've clocked about 12 hours, 4 of hours were just spend repeating sections cause of said cheap deaths.The bottom line is, it is hard for all the wrong reasons and I got 0 satisfaction from completing a chapter. I thought to myself ""what bs is going to be in the next chapter ... ?"""
,Not Recommended,268050,32697508,Posted: 23 June,all,PeteL0af,"This is the first game I've been on the fence about. It's a well-presented, 3rd person, supernatural horror game with a generic but enjoyable story... but the clunky and unpolished mechanics (unfortunately a big part of the game) let it down.Pros:- Pretty, detailed and atmospheric visuals- Interesting and very interactive level designs- Cool monster designsCons:- Some really unrefined - bordering on broken/useless - mechanics (e.g. sprint, melee)- Being forced to use the aforementioned mechanics to complete levels- Generic and uninteresting human characters"
76561198010057195,Not Recommended,268050,34540771,Posted: 27 August,all,Hooj19,"Poor controls prevent any enjoyment of what could otherwise have been an interesting game. Encountering enemies isn't scary, just frustrating."
76561198024334905,Recommended,268050,34604278,Posted: 30 August,all,Dr.madhead,Got a gun but had no ammogame gives me 2 bulletsprocedes to spawn 8 enemiesi somehow manage to survivei keep walkinglights turn offswitch on laternwalk with heart racingstep on glass♥♥♥♥♥♥my selfAlt+F4I rate this game 11/10 would get scared again.
,Not Recommended,268050,14184049,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,SpookMasterGeneral,"The story and the ambiance are nice.  However, the game mechanics themselves are too clunky and prevent from smooth gameplay which gets really frustrating after a while.  Don't buy."
76561198066348512,Not Recommended,268050,13131108,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,DoctorSushi,"Great game, aweful port.  The game is optimized poorly, and will not run well even on high end machines.  The game probably wouldn't run at all on the suggested minimum system requirements, but the recomended settings are overkill.  That being said, you will have trouble keeping this at an even 60 FPS with a high end rig.  There isn't much of an options menu, mostly just the basic screen resolution and shadow textures.  I would not recommend this game to anyone on the PC.   If this game can run on an Xbox 360, it should not have these performance problems.  The game is still also locked at 60 FPS if you don't go into the console commands, which is unacceptable for a pc port.  I bought this game on a deep discount, and I am still very disaointed.  I would like to play the game, because the first half is fun, but the technical issues completely ruin the experience.  Don't support these shoddy ports."
,Recommended,268050,12933918,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,UnlistedNinja,"Shinji Mikami's The Evil Within is a fun, but somewhat flawed game. I got hyped up cause of the pre-game trailers, and received word that he would be doing this game. That bought me in fast, and I somewhat regret grabbing this game at full price. I wanted a reinventation of the genre, and instead I got Resident Evil 4: The Add-on, or 2.5. This review will be spoiler-free.The Haunted, which are the main enemies, can prove to be a challenge, and can swarm you fast. It makes me wish the Bosses were the same. Some of them are interesting, but some of the other ones can be cheap and frustrating. For the gameplay you mainly use your revolver, and kill enemies. For the ones who fall easily, be careful cause they can get back up. You can use matches to burn them, but try to decide wisely on which ones to burn. Some are dead, and some are not. You get limited matches at the start. It's not an orginal idea, but it works alright.Other aspects of gameplay include using the Agony Crossbow, and It rocks. You use many different ammo types like freezing, blinding, fire, poison, and etc to wreck your enemies, and it's fun. Just save up a lot of ammo. You do this by disarming bombs, and searching around the enviornment, and enemies. I love the weapon, and at least you get it in the early half of the game. Unfortunately I wish I could say better things about the details, or graphics of the game.The graphics are a mixed bag. With the new update it looks better, but the only drawback is the black bars on the sides are still there. I could've messed with the console, but I don't know or feel like why that's a good thing. It should've been fixed in development.The one bright side of the game is that the villain (Ruvik) is voiced by Jackie Earle Haley. He does a great job voicing him. He feels threatening, and scares you well, and does try to kill you at points. I want more of this kind of boss.The Bottom Line: Wait for this to go on sale and then try it for yourself. I have very mixed views on this game. It feels rushed, and has some great potential, but kinda squanders it, and I just hope they learn to make an even better title."
,Recommended,268050,13243864,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Belt™,"(Warning, my English is not perfect. Beware)(Rating: Buy it on sale)I went to this game with a lot of hope. Hope for the survival genre to get back to their roots.Well it did, in the first half....The thing is, I think this game started so WELL. When I actually met the zombies and got my first gun, I was so careful with my ammo and tried to sneak-kill every zombie to save my ammo for later.That ended up with being me and having loads of ammo I could waste. (Since I pretty much upgraded ammo stocks first.)But as the game went on, it just became more, more and more... action...I had chills early in the game but that quickly disappeared when I got around 3-4 hours into the game.And normal difficulty was damn easy, I expected some challenge and I even overthinked some things to do in certain areas, which was something a child could figure out. But I made it more complicated than it was.The story and characters was somewhat okay. I liked the main character (Because he says &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; so much I just started to laugh at the end) and I hated the woman police girl, Kidman w/e.But the part that ruined this game quite a bit for me was the ending, other may have liked it. But for me it left with a bad taste in my mouth.But overall it was a fun experience as long it lasted with each new enemy I encountered and so on.So I guess, I recommend it to people who likes the horror element with survival horror elements, but with action resident-evil style further on."
76561198080243656,Recommended,268050,25420654,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SoySnake,"Positives:Great graphicsGreat atmosphereGood character/monsters designGood MusicGood GameplayInteresting storyNegatives:You get frustrated and tired by the endthe Story goes from interesting to ""meh"" at the middleUnless you get DLCs you wont get the entire storyThis game is a mix of everything that made good survivor horror games from RE to SH from the PSone to the PS2 generation, with the improved shooting/combat system of the most recent SH and RE games.It mixes everything you enjoy from horror elements, from zombies, to mutant monsters as well as some Lovecraftian elements, science fiction, Cenobite horror, SAW enviroments, etc.The problem is... it throws everything together with a poor story... or at least a story that did not require so many things.It's a constant homage, full of references. But is a very small concept for such an epic adventure. Try it anyway, is still a good piece of art and you will be able to play it properly."
,Recommended,268050,25689388,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,hoomer,"Insanely good port, but i am too scared for playing further."
,Recommended,268050,26907020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Misaka(X)XXXII,Let's give this game a try :)
,Recommended,268050,17654066,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Hizzer,Shinji Mikami's Tango Gameworks recaptures the spirit of Resident Evil 4 in this carnival of twisted puzzles and truly fatal creatures.
,Recommended,268050,20267300,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lopper,"Good game, nice graphics, resident evil style gameplay. It's basically Resident Evil 5 but with better graphics and no co-op. Pretty interesting story and scary enemies. Only bad thing about the game is that it does not run that well on pc at all. My framerate was fluctuating between 35-60fps all the way through but because of the type of game it is you don't really notice it. Also it's a bit annyoing having to teleport back and forth to save game but aside from that it's pretty decent, I got it on sale at 85% off and I'd say it was worth the price."
76561198017614190,Recommended,268050,14121792,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Bukat117,Amazing game
,Recommended,268050,30756242,Posted: 26 March,all,Hemperor Palpathc,"Very spooky. Spend a whole month after beating this game obsessing over every little detail and trying to figure out what really happened. This was back in the console days though and the DLC didn't exist yet. Still haven't gone back and played it since I got it on sale but it really is an excellent game. You have to use stealth and manage your ammo wisely, you need to pay close attention and study your environment and notes too to figure out what's going on."
,Recommended,268050,23272558,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Raven Ebonscale,"This game for me is a guilty pleasure. Its something so close to being good,intresting and unquie but just falls just a little short of it. It tries to do the whole trippy what is reall and show you bizzare and frightining images for ""horror"" but end up being a scary as a slocky horror movieThe gameplay is a standard survival horror simillar to re4 limited ammo and health pick ups and you can upgrade your self with green goo. It a point and be the most unsatsfying and frustrating thing to deal with i dont even know why i countnued. Also this game has the most worthless stealth mechanic i have seenThe story is i dont even knowGraphics and optmization are average to bellow average with that said there are some outright amazing sence and great art direction that kinda makes up for some muddy textures. be warned there are some silly bugs and some very horrible ones tooDeffinatly get the dlc in my personal opinion it makes up for all the short coming for the game deffinaly pick it up on a discount (i grabed it for $17 on a random steam sale)Its deffinatly a mixed bag but for me the whole is greater then the sum of it parts cant wait for the sequal"
,Recommended,268050,12830517,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,leonthesleepy,"Old school Survival horrorIts messy, tense and dreary. If that sounds like a good time to you, and if you miss the old horror games like the original resident evils, then you will enjoy it as this is a fun throwback to that! The game has a strong atmosphere, though the story goes nowhere and generally a majority of the game feels aimless. Initially the mystery is interesting but soon becomes apparent that its just a thin story pulled together to string along the gameplay sequences.Overall its not the masterpiece and savior of survivor horror some were expecting, but its a good game nontheless! Just dont expect it to hold your hand."
,Recommended,268050,25940061,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Guntario,"Why isn't this the most highly rated game ever? It's simply perfect. The storyline is amazing, the graphics are crazy good, the gameplay can't be better, and I couldn't put it down, even though it was really hard. For $20, it's a total steal. Hell, I'd have been happy to pay full price for this one, but I hadn't heard about it until I saw it on sale. Such a shame. The devs deserve more."
,Recommended,268050,34532980,Posted: 27 August,all,Earth Morty C-137,Partner kills enemy 10/10would make partner carry me again
,Recommended,268050,21864146,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,thegaminggoose,I actually liked the mechanics of this game. I would have liked to have seen more variety in enemies and additional weapons. The first section of this game is amazing. The story though is emo and terrible. I hate the villian and everything he stands for.
,Recommended,268050,27833328,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wubbzyx,this game is so creepy and awesome!
76561198111380502,Not Recommended,268050,32717435,Posted: 24 June,all,Davis(REZR),"With stale writing and poorly designed character both story-wise and gameplay, It feels like a Bad horror film only every time you die to bad camera angle or being stunned locked bull****, hit boxes you rewind making the entire experience very degrading and even more underwelming.The Evil Within (5/10)(having your character die is more satisfying then playing the game)"
76561198008991328,Recommended,268050,12710363,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Bookoowookoo,Resident evil and silent hill on acid
76561198134857942,Recommended,268050,34925850,Posted: 13 September,all,OnoiKoth,"this game is so awesome. i cant wait to buy evil within 2. you guys did a amazing job, hopefully there is approuching evil within 3 in the future."
76561198065321189,Recommended,268050,34980821,Posted: 15 September,all,Cornwallis Morgan 87,"While this game is difficult to adjust to and can be hard to play, even on casual difficulty, I can honestly say it is one of the best I've ever played.  Even as I leveled up and improved my skills, this game continually freaked me out and frustrated me.  I found myself planning my ammo use, making snap decisions about sneaking/fleeing vs fighting, and fretting as my health got low.One-hit kills are harder to land than you may think.  I missed many times trying to finish the enemy off while he writhed and recoiled from the first hit.  The way the monsters move adds to the difficulty of the game and is brilliantly designed.  The mix of dejection and confusion you feel when a boss you killed earlier in the game has inexplicably been resurrected is unlike anything I've experienced before.Each chapter is its own unique adventure, with different surroundings that range from the abandoned mental hospital to creepy church catacombs and dark underground metro stations, to more stereotypical outdoor areas where you're in the open and exposed to God knows what.  No two chapters are the same in terms of environment and each presents its own unique set of challenges and horrors.  Even a bus falling from a high ledge and crashing to the ground before you is enough to scare you if you aren't expecting it.As a horror fan, this game is worth playing.  The emotions it will evoke are nothing less than what I would expect from the creator of the Resident Evil series.  Expertly designed, presents a healthy challenge regardless of difficulty level, and immerses you in a nightmarish adventure that you can't decide whether or not you want to end.  I'm excited to see what the second installment holds!"
,Recommended,268050,34972139,Posted: 15 September,all,Jengus,"If you loved Resident Evil 4, then you should buy this game right away. It's very similar in experience and gameplay mechanics, The bosses and mini bosses are visually and frightfully appealing, giving you a fresh yet still gorey experience..a basic yet useful skill allocation system from collecting jars of goo which is the standard upgrades like weapon damage,health,stamina and more...Just play the demo, what can it hurt?"
,Recommended,268050,34862178,Posted: 10 September,all,Elliott Harry Maher,"What can i say? If you like Resident Evil or simply put Survival Horror then this is a must have, End of Story - Not Really.The Dark Truth hidden within, is that this game will screw you up the♥♥♥♥♥by kicking you into a Boss fight with zero ammunition, btw did i mention the bosses? No? Well, where to i start... I know, a Fresh pair of underpants!But Seriously, that's why this game is fantastic, it's filled with Tension, Rage, Story, Puzzles, Scavenging - But all of these things while tedious and incredibly fustrating at times, gives you the ut-most SATISFACTION, when you DO Kill that 10ft Roid Monster, or That Blood=Stained SPIDER LADY THAT IS LITERALLY GOING TO EAT YOUR FACE!!!Simply put, this game is a fantasm! 10/10"
76561198079984867,Recommended,268050,34958926,Posted: 14 September,all,Cervo,This game was very interesting. My only complaint is the 3rd person camera. It's a bit too close and kind of hard to see sometimes with all the game props but i guess that adds to the horror factor. Otherwise it was a fun game.
76561198027867039,Recommended,268050,34869936,Posted: 10 September,all,biggs,ok Im a guy who hates survival horror games.. always watcing someone else playing them.. But I have tried available demo and it was a blast.. So I had bought it... and .. damn this game is good :) Even for me p**y guy :)game isnt that scary as it seems.. its just totally disgusting and gory.. There are jumpscares or some scary moments here and there but nothing crazy :)Ilike story very much .. even this new stem world is very interesting and always wanting me explore everything and read everything.. monster bosses kinda reminds me guys from bloodborne I dont know why.. but normal enemies are boring and mindless zombies so nothing new..music is awesome .. scary.. disturbing ...  And way of upgrading and your home base is very clever idea.. That feel you walk in absolutly nasty enviroment and suddenly you hear that precious calmy music which reminds you theres a save spot nearby....As I said this game is absolutly blast.. well for me.. cant wait for evil within 2 in like 1 month :)oh and about dlcs : I dont like them.. its good for story because main game left some questions unanswered but dlc will answer them ...  even some mechanics are fine  but overall its only stealth fest...  thats only reason i dont like dlcs
,Recommended,268050,19424948,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡W8.,I like it.
,Not Recommended,268050,22245037,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"Just a brief foreword: this is not a bad game, don't let the red thumb dissuade you from getting this game if it intrigues you.  It's merely a game I don't believe is worth playing, but that doesn't make it bad, that makes it passable and a non-priority. With that out of the way:The Evil Within is a mish-mash of environments strung together with an empty plot that goes nowhere for half the game. You start out in a hospital, escape it to see the world ending, crash and wind up in Resident Evil 4, wake up and wind up in a castle, fall and get up in a factory, etc etc etc. It's constant changes of environments strung together by a plot that rationalizes it all by saying you are in someone's mind gathering memories from various people due to an experiment.In the beginning it's played with fairly well, as the changes in environments seem to be fairly sensical and rationally follow through. But around chapter 4 or 5 they threw it all out the window and throw you onto a large cliff with a castle in the distance and your partner who's been missing for ages in the middle of a field. It's pretty sad, since initially it made me question what was ''real'' and what wasn't, but a little before the mid-way point it's painfully obvious that it's all just mental fu*kery, so there goes the intrigue. Not helping the scenario are the characters that don't seem to care that they keep teleporting from environment to environment. First thing they say when they wake up in a completely new area? ''We gotta get outta here''. Realistic. You would THINK maybe they might ASK what the hell is going on or how they wound up where they are; whether they have memories of previous environments or not. Nope. We gotta get outta here.The environments themselves start out promising and aid the stealth gameplay. Initially you're in a wooded area that is fairly big and truly feels like an area you can get lost in. You sneak by villagers and get an RE4 feeling for the thing, except more stealth involved and large environments to sneak around in. But that's only 20% of the game; the larger environments are eventually thrown out for enclosed buildings, which is to the detriment of the stealth element. Most of the time the enemies see you first, or they're in corridors that you can't sneak by because it's an effin corridor. Or they're in a room with nowhere to hide anyway, so you can crouch and not be seen, but they'll be blocking the way so eff it you pull out your gun and shoot since there's no way to get closer for a stealth kill.Environments aside, the gunplay is...ehh. By default you can hold a total of 12 handgun bullets, and 8 or so shotgun rounds. That's VERY little, and I assume it was the case to add tension to ammunition management and to shy away from an action-oriented horror game. That's fine in the beginning, since you can realistically stealth through villages and set up silent kills. But later environments are strictly gunplay (or running away) and you'll be backtracking for ammunition you couldn't pick up earlier because you were full. Thankfully you can upgrade your carrying capacity, but it still costs a decent amount to acquire them, but by the time you have such upgrades you'll be around midway done with the game. Around that point the game is 'building tension', which means fewer enemies since it's harder to scare someone with a zombie when 200 of them are constantly on-screen. What that means is fewer enemies and a lot of creaking and background laughter. You'll ocassionally get assaulted by 4 or so zombies (or midbosses), but generally you'll have more ammo midway onwards due to ''tension''.An issue with a specific weapon is the hanfgun, and it shows a general issue with combat in this title. RE4 had the handguns retain their usefulness by letting you stagger enemies, which would segueway into a cinematic melee attack that lasted 2 seconds and did good damage. This allowed you to conserve ammo; this game's version of the melee attack are matches. If an enemy falls to the floor you can quickly run up to them and light their body aflame for an immediate kill. The problem is that the handgun takes around 4 or 5 shots to stagger enemies and have them fall to their knees. And wasting a match on an enemy that only needs 2 or so more bullets to die is a waste. Headshots with the handgun are also useless, as you need to update it SIGNIFICANTLY to get a 50%+ chance of headshot kills finishing off enemies. In other words, the handgun is useless until you upgrade it significantly. The shotgun on the other hand almost immediately makes all enemies fall to the ground, but at the same time it two shots most people up close, so why use matches? It's a flawed system to the detriment of the handgun.All in all it's still an alright game, but it's by no means RE4 or some horror game that will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself. It's combat has a few flaws (I didn't even mention the sh*t accuracy in weapons when shooting from mid-range), but it generally plays well with no real issues. Honestly, the narrative just isn't there for me to care about any of this. There are documents and files in a few levels giving a bit of backstory to the main character, but who cares? The guy barely talks and all he says is, ''sh*t'' and ''fu*k''. Wow tell me more about this man he had a daughter wow she died wow he must have it hard. You would think that such a thing would affect him and at least creep up in his dialogue. Nope. But we gotta get outta here. It's like the plot and characters didn't matter, just the environments."
,Recommended,268050,32675940,Posted: 23 June,all,@Dicky Spanish,"What every episode of Sesame Street should be, the world would be a much happier place. Love this game, highly recommend to everyone."
76561198110558359,Recommended,268050,19293067,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Velislav,cool game guys you should buy it
76561198139405171,Recommended,268050,35351978,Posted: 30 September,all,[{Kyle}] Dr. Pizza,Awesome very scary
,Recommended,268050,35253603,Posted: 27 September,all,Edtron,"The Evil WithinThe inner machinations of my mind are an enigma.Pros:Atmosphere is creepy and consistent.Controls are great and the visuals are fantastic.Combat rewards both stealthy and aggressive play.A variety of enemies that forces the player to constantly change tactics.The Assignment & The Consequence DLC adds SO MUCH to the story, it's great.The Executioner DLC is extremely fun and the player no longer has to fear the enemies.Cons:Detective Sebastian Castellanos is KIND OF generic.Camera angle is absurdly close. (Lower body wasn't visible most times).Overall Rating:9/10"
76561198010112719,Not Recommended,268050,13398860,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Mr. Eff,"Horror by numbers. It tries to do everything, succeeds at nothing, and we're left wondering what we're playing. A boring, frustrating slog that I overpaid for at $20.GAMEPLAY: Functional, but it somehow managed to get worse than RE4's near-perfected formula. The camera is too close while running, and intrusive while shooting. This leads to some frustrating combat, in which hits don't register when they're too close. Perhaps the most frustrating of all, though, are the insta kills - there are many. You get used to the booby traps pretty quickly, but there are many other environmental and enemy kills that no one could have the prescience to see. One enemy in particular - the long haired woman - is a horrible annoyance, as she knocks you down and pummels you for a few seconds, your health bar slowly being drained, with nothing you can do but sit and watch. You would think that in that situation there would be a QTE - as this game has plenty. The insta kills make the game's checkpoint system necessary, as you will die a lot.Your play time will consist of sneaking behind enemies and knifing them in the head, running and hiding from bigger enemies, run-and-gun action, sometimes with an AI partner (there are even some fixed turret sections later on), slower-paced horror sections (differing from the stealth-heavy sections by having fewer enemies and thus more freedom to walk freely), and mild puzzles. These switch by chapter, and the latter two are the only parts that really make this game worth playing. There are also parts where you are forced to walk (rather than sprint), especially during conversations between characters. This throws a stick into the spokes of the game's pacing, reminding me that I'm playing a game that's not responding to its previously established controls, and doing nothing to heighten immersion (which, we can assume, is the reason for these moments). There's an upgrade system present, which becomes pretty redundant by the end, as you're showered with in-game currency. It's only really an issue for the first third to maybe first half of the game, where you've pretty much got your weaknesses figured out and what type of play style you're going for (killing the horror in the process - more on that later).There are also a few sections where the perspective changes, and you have to run towards the camera away from an enemy. This doesn't happen enough to become accustomed to, and it's unexpected and unnecessary, as one could just run from the enemy with the standard control scheme. On at least one of these occasions, the preceding cutscene transitions back into gameplay without any indication.GRAPHICS: Looks great. Environments are well-detailed, with minimal reuse of textures and models. Noise filter is stylistic and adds an eerie, surreal quality to the game.AUDIO: Best part of the game, in my opinion. The music is nothing to write home about, but the sound effects are top notch. Unfortunately, some sound effects are reminiscent of other games (the Fatal Frame door opening creak and the Silent Hill-esque menu chimes in particular), which made me nostalgic for those games instead.ENEMIES: There's some creativity here, with some genuinely eerie enemies. Mostly you will be fighting some variant of zombie, but the different bosses/recurring enemies are all unique with their own quirks. Unfortunately, there seems to be little rhyme or reason to their presence, some appearing for only one chapter with no foreshadowing or subsequent explanation. It feels as though a bunch of enemies were designed because they seemed like a horror game thing to do, rather than with any care for the themes or style of the game.ENVIRONMENTS: A similar situation to the creatures, minus the creativity. Again, there's not much pattern to the locations visited, and the connections between how you visit them are even less clear. Often, you will be knocked out, pulled through a hole, or some other excuse to appear somewhere completely different than where you just were. Either the environments are claustrophobic or big, open and funhouse-like (think Downpour), and quite often full of gore. As with the enemies, it feels like many locations - a mental hospital, an old mansion, a village in the woods - are present because this is a horror game, rather than because they add anything significant to the story or aesthetic.HORROR: This is where the game falls spectacularly short. There are some hints of goodness here, unfortunately overshadowed by mediocrity and the desire to incorporate as many styles of gameplay as possible into the mix. The running and hiding from enemies can be tense (if frustrating), as can walking down a dark hallway disarming traps. But it's punctuated by so many action sequences and brainless stealth that we don't have time to appreciate it. Add the rage-inducing insta kills and frustrating combat into the mix, and we find ourselves being more annoyed (to put it lightly) than scared. The game lets the horror down in many other ways, as well. The aforementioned upgrade system nearly cripples the tension and possibility of fear, as the player can identify their weaknesses and adjust them accordingly. Other horror games use upgrade mechanics - Fatal Frame, for example - but in that case, your currency was directly related to fighting enemies, essentially having you risk your health and use your film for the sake of upgrades, a difficult choice to make. Furthermore, the difficulty curves were consistent. The Evil Within has you searching every nook and cranny for green gel, with the game getting (fortunately, in this case) easier as time goes on.Menu hints telling you how to play the game prevent experimentation and exploration. On-screen button prompts for quick time events serve to ruin immersion. Forced walking sections break the flow of gameplay, while intending (and failing) to immerse the player. Checkpoints that eliminate consequences for dying, encouraging a rushed, action-oriented approach. These elements all serve to degrade the fearful aspect of the game.And perhaps the biggest offender of all is the final boss fight. Without giving much away, in my personal opinion this is the worst final boss fight I've ever seen. It is indicative of the AAA video game attitude, towards horror in particular. It's big, grandiose, easy, and requires little thought to complete. If you have your audience laughing at your game - and believe me, I was laughing at the end - you have failed as a horror designer.STORY (mild spoilers): This is an area that's a little early to comment on, in my opinion, as many of the nuances of the plot have yet to be worked out. It's not particularly straightforward, but from the main plot points that I could gather, it's nothing to write home about. To its credit, it's more than ""evil bad guy"", but it still doesn't innovate much (in fact, it reminds me a lot of the plot of Silent Hill 4). Its biggest problems are that it's spread out over the game's needlessly long run time (it took me 15 hours), leaving large gaps in between plot points, and that its populated by boring, lifeless characters that I had no desire (or means) to empathize with. Furthermore, there are dead ends in the plot (Sebastian's backstory goes nowhere) and seems like a setup for DLC.Overall, I found this experience incredibly lacking. I'm glad I didn't let myself get hyped for this game - it was a tedious, rage-inducing trudge through disparate gameplay elements. There was nothing overly satisfying to me about this game, no one element that I can point to as being particularly noteworthy. That is by no means a detriment in and of itself - but this game is so severely lacking to the point of showing contempt for its audience. What we're left with is a Frankenstein's monster - a design by committee horror experience that does nothing to innovate, and everything to frustrate. I cannot recomend this game to anyone."
76561197997203351,Not Recommended,268050,16447378,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Aragath,"I bought this game for 15 euros and stil feels like a waste of my money. I came for the gore, horror and story. But only three hours in im pressing ALT-f4 after every try. This game has the most Horrible controls i have ever expierienced.you can not hit the guy in front of you because your character prefers to hit the dead guy on the ground.You can not play this game stealth mode since the game alers the enemys itself now and then and recuires you to use the spare ammo you dont have to ebgin with. every time i get caught i just let them kill me since defending myself in a wild goose chase is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Mid fight my character decides to exemine some object i accedentely clicked on wich results in a long animation while my foe is slashing my face apart.I can not pick ub a object because i just walked past it, and keep walking past it because i am to close to it.One moment the boss is unkillable, next level he is killable wich you are not told about. and another level the same boss returns and is not killable again.in short, this game looks good, but is clumsy to the point that you have to restart the same level over and over again since you dont have any real controll about your character and simply ALT-F4 of frustration every time."
,Not Recommended,268050,34719570,Posted: 3 September,all,Mofobian,"I was interested in this game ever since it was announced at Quakecon a couple of years ago. I wasn't too impressed by the demo, which started at the end of the game and ended before the finale. It's not a bad game but there is nothing horrific or scary about it. For a single player game, I anticipate an experience that I'll remember. There was one creature in particular, her name was Laura, that did creep me out, but for the most part the game is boring. I finally bought it because the sequel was hyped up at Quakecon 2017.As of right now I am not convinced to invest into The Evil Within 2. I admit that my attention hasn't been focused too much and I probably misseed pinnacle points of the plot, but I couldn't really make out much of a story, or something that might make the game make sense. That is definitely my own fault and I cannot judge it based on my poorly attributed attention. What I can judge it on is my experience and I didn't feel like my time was well spent.Maybe my standards are just set too high for horror games."
76561197994314441,Recommended,268050,12518256,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Helljumper212,great game really enjoyed it all the way through. Really reminded me of resident evil one and its classic horror atmosphere i feel like there just enough action to keep it intresting and keep you on your toes but doesnt stray to far from horror atmosphere like alot of games have for example the deadspace  series.
,Not Recommended,268050,12488465,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,RussellBenito,"This game as of the time of writing (about 2Hrs+) is a massive let down. MASSIVE.For those who want  TL:DR this is short list for those wanting a bit more depth read on after.* GREAT HORROR LOOKING LEVELS* GREAT ATMOSPHERE* GOOD GRAPHICS* BAD FRAMERATE* BLACK BARS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥THE SCREEN* BAD CONTROLS* BUGS UP THE WAZOO* BLACK SCREEN CRASHESI want to love this game its very much a resident evil 4 looking game with plenty of gore and atmosphere. Like the first encounter with a proper ""psycho"" in the basement of a hospital. Its not exactly a scary encounter it feels more like a 10 year olds idea of horror ""IT NEEDS CHAINSAWS AND BLOOD"" etc. However it does build a very dark tone to start a game and a note to the developers, running from an enemy in a straight line may not be a QTE but its damn well as bad as one, LEAVE THEM OUT!The problems start however from the very beginning, the first cutscene looks so choppy and the characters seem so carboard and lifeless. Now shall i get to the frame rate issues? to make it clear i'm not usually a man who gives into all the frame rate debate but being stuck to 30 and with some points of this game it makes it seem so slow and cumbersome added with the backwards♥♥♥♥♥controls it just feels lethargic and slow to respond.take for example there are a variety of traps in the game of which can be disarmed so far. The problem i found with these is that the character seems to have a slight give in the movement so that when you have stopped with the input he will dawdle for a bit more meaning  ""oh there's a line trap lets go up to that an....."" BLAM f**king dead.This again leads to something else i have encountered where upon dying for whatever reason the game may randomly choose then everything is black ... no images nothing only menus, this will continue even to the main menu the only thing so far that fixes it is a full restart which just isnt on.For the sake of keeping it short the worst thing so far in my opinion? the damn FOV and f**king black bars. On a 1080p screen you may see about a few inches strip in the middle. There are ways to sort this as i have with console commands but doing this may reduce the bars but put the unchangeable FOV to looking at your characters back hair for the rest of the game making even me someone who doesnt usually suffer from FOV problems too bad want to turn it off and throw a match on the game... yeah take that game usuing your own thing against you. Just why Bethesda unless this game is patched its a waste of money. An unplayable mess. SORT IT OUT!(Addition after more time and after thought)the shooting mechanics seem so far off aiming wise for example aiming directly at the head doesnt always mean a headshot ( even if they are super satisfying) and the upgrade system just seems off and stupid for some upgrades, shoot this gel into my brain to make me able to hold more bullets ... no why not just get a coat ."
76561198041756601,Recommended,268050,22359743,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,JiiPee,"Shortly:Basically, the game is the type of game that the Resident Evil franchise failed to be; survival-horror 3rd person shooter thats actually scary. The reason why I'm involving RE while saying that is because this game was directed by Shinji Mikami, the person who created the original Resident Evil games.Mechanically, The Evil Within is very similar to Resident Evil 6. Many of the gameplay elements are the same, such as meleeing and shooting. But TEW goes further than that by introdusing sneaking and few other mechanics, such killing your enemies with objects found from the game world. The game also has character development system, meaning that as you kill enemies or world objects such as barrels, you'll occasionally find skill points (skill goo more likely), and whenever you visit a save room, you can spend those points to enhance a field of expertice of your choosing, enhancing yourself with more health points, stamina or even better weapon handling. But you'll have to choose carefully, because you'll only obtain limited number of those points, so you can be jack-of-all-trades but not master of any.Like I sayed, the game actually has save rooms, which does what you'd expect it to do; save your progress. But its sad though, because the game also has autosave feature, that makes the save room kinda useless. I'd have preferred the game without the autosave, because with autosaves there's no penalty whenever you die and it kinda dulls the horror feeling for me.Luckily, this game doesn't have any co-op features like the RE games have. The co-op only ruined the RE games for me, because whenever you made a mistake, your parter was always there to back you up, making the games painfully easy. The Evil Within doesn't have this feature, and I'm happy for it.As I mentioned, unlike in the RE games, TEW has sneaking option, which allows you to...well, sneak around and insta-kill your enemies with your knife. This is actually nice addition to this type of game, because unlike in RE games, the ammonition you find for your weapons are really scarse to find and you really want to save the ammo for the boss fights, especially if you play on the higher difficulties.The horror element in this game is real. The monsters are refreshing and the enviorements enhances the fear the enemies gives you (though some of the enviorements are quite dull, especially the day time enviorements).Graphically the game is decent, the sounds in this game are terrifying and the music fits in place like a dream. The voice acting however could have been a little bit better, but they were doreable.The story in this game is actually good. Its little confusing during the 1st half of the game, because nothing really makes sense. But as you go on and if you keep reading every note and background stories you can find, you'll shortly connect the pieces and catch on what's happening.As what comes for the content, it takes roughly about 12-18 hours to complete the game, depending on your own playstyle of course. For me it took about 16-17 hours ( my playtime counter shows only 15.5 hours when I'm writing this, because for some reason Steam didn't record my playtime and achievements at one point when I had internet stability issues ), and I tried to be as much stealthy as possible and I tried to search every nook and cranny for notes and collectables.Pros:+ Survival-horror  ( proves that survival-horror genre has not been ruined yet by the Corporate Commander )+ Story+ Doesn't let you take a break+ Gameplay mechanics+ Money's worth of content+ No noteable bugs, but...Cons:- ...It has performance issues and the framerate drops even with high end PCs- Autosave  ( I personally think that autosave feature ruins the horror games, because there's no real penalty in dying )- Letterbox effect, but luckilly you can disable that- DLCs have story  ( corporate commander strikes again, but these days its kinda standard for games to have DLCs, which is sad )- While the overall horror is good, its not always horrifying. Especially the day time areas are simply not scary and they remind too much of the RE franchiseDo I recommend?If you're a friend of Resident Evil games, but are disappointed for how those games lacks the horror, then definitely yes. We definitely need more games like this, and I even think that the Resident Evil franchise could learn a few things from this game.Verdict: 7 / 10 - Good game (had to drop the rating down from 9/10, because the game is poorly optimized for PC)( 1 = do-not-bother game5 = average game10 = Must own game )"
76561197981464923,Recommended,268050,22683755,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,The Dayman,"Very underrated game. The logic and story behind the game are pretty incomprehenisble, but the game is still pretty thrilling and can be terrifying at times. The combat is pretty fun and the ambiance in the game is just right for survival horror. Made by the same guy who directed resident evil 4, whos a master of the craft. 8/10"
,Recommended,268050,22755090,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,NoCSForYou,"A truely haunting experience.*Plotit was an amazing story line, Im on the 13th out of 14th chapter at the time of this review. It was spotless, I truely felt grabbed in by the story. I could slowly peice together the idea of what is going on without requiring too much quess work. It isn't the same as playing bloodborne where the story can be whatever you want it to be. This game had a very powerful writer and he really expressed everything onto Ruvick.*Connection to charactersConnection to characters is very important when looking at games, if a general person can not feel conected to a game, they alot of the fun is removed. I felt like I could fit in both the protagonist and antagonists shoes at both times which was very surprsing. The antagonist has strong angers towards everyone from his very taggic childhood experience, while the protagonist is constantly feeling shock and fear by being thrown into a carnival of horror.*ControlsHighlighted controls on the screen that stay throughout the entire game. It doesn't leave you entirely in the dark and helps you get around difficult areas. The game has a very detailed and well informed hub about what is currently happening to you. Alot of information comes from the vibrations that come out of a controller. You might want to use a controller for this game. Just a warning is that there will be alot of shooting and the game doesn't assit you with your aim at all. Unless your sniping and it does auto aim there even with a mouse.* General ThoughtsWhile I hated how I couldn't kill certain enemies and how the game really does it's best to prevent stealth but heavily rewards stealth at the same time. I feel this game did a very impressive job when it came to athmosphere, I felt surrounded by the story.  It had some very guessable jumpscares, but that knowing comes from playing and watching alot of horror. If you are on the edge about buying this game go watch a person play the firsrt chapter of the game. The first chapter gets you a feel of what your are expecting while not realising anything but who the main characters of the story are.If you can't handle blood and gore stay away from this game!*GraphicsThis game came out in 2014 which is two years ago from the writingf of this review. I would have to say the awkward aspect ratio and forced fps lock is annoying. The lock can be removed manually but when it comes to the aspect ratio you would have toi use a memory hack to fix that. That is increadbly annoying and quite hard to do considering memory hacks don't always work.Because it was a console port it has some amazing artwork, most consoles can't render in more polygons or have multiple running effects at one time. So having a game have better made art makes the game seem beutiful, and allows for the GPU to relax. I am not saying any computer can run this game. I was running it on a 980ti at 1080p, I ran it perfectly but at a certain chapter I kept dropping to 8 fps and so on. It was annoying I gave my computer a restart and everything seemed to be alright. This sortof leads to my next point.* Bugs and Glitches.SO MANY BUGS! Honestly this was annoying. How many times I had the game crash, how many times I couldn't start the game up properly. This is all without the memory hacks. The memory hacks only made it worse, that is why I finally gave up to play on 1080p. This game is a mess and a terrible port, so many glitches when it comes to using a mouse, so many problems occur when trying to run this game. If you don't want your time wasted by restarting the game every hour then maybe this isn't the game for you.*My recomendationI will be giving this game a positive review, looking at the game from a perfectly non-bias review the game was enjoyable along with a pleasure to look at. Yes it did have many bugs, the controls are awkward and the game is realy hard.  If I had to truely give an opion I feel this game does do better then the average game you can find. If you have the stomach to amount past all that gore and are into this genre this game will do you good. If you can't deal with the horric amount of bugs or don't want to play with a controller then this game isn't for you."
76561198197123261,Recommended,268050,23942570,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,agapewirejewelry,Wow...What a game.....If you are a lover of the classic resident evil games.....you will love this.....I am 14 hours into the game and it is amazing.....The atmosphere is just creepy throughout......there are puzzles of sorts throughout the game..............and the creatures are really impressive to me......great variety of enemies....boss fights are difficult but beatable once you figure out the right weapon and tactic for that boss.....the story is great.....one big mind screw...lol.....you dont know whats real or not...........overall its a great game remeniscent of the older resident evil titles......I will definitely be purchasing the dlcs once im finished with the main game.....is worth the price....great game.....10/10
76561198024349645,Recommended,268050,22350366,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kay Oss,"First things first: the asking price of $80 is unreasonable - the game has approximately 10 hours of playtime for each playthrough if you know what you are doing and are not concerned with gathering all the collectables - I personally waited untill it was 75% off ($20) which is what I recommend doing for anybody with patience.The Graphics: Highly detailed and gruesomeThe Weapons:1) Pistol - Serviceable first weapon once upgraded becomes a viable primary weapon, ammo permiting2) Shotgun - Fairly high damage close range weapon, Spread effect makes it good against multiple creatures3) Crossbow - Unupgraded range is rubbish, different ammo causes different effects4) Sniper Rifle - Precise, high damage weapon intended for special targets5) Magnum - High damage pistol, rare ammo (only found 9 bullets, including the 6 in the gun)6) Automatic Pistol - Unlockable, didn't use it7) Burst fire Pistol - Unlockable, didn't use it8) Machine gun - Unlockable, didn't use itThe Audio: Standard grunts and splat sounts when something 'juicy' is hit. Done in excellent qualityThe Enemy:  Zombie-like in various clothing (or lack of) along with larger boss creatures & mutantsThe Enviroment: Creepy village / hosptal, Damaged Castle. Plenty of detail.TL;DR: Good game, Overpriced, Wait for special"
76561198042770765,Not Recommended,268050,12485035,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,FapDaddy,unplayable until they make some SERIOUS fixes.
,Not Recommended,268050,12591756,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Bazark,"The first few times I started this game up it crashed immediately after the intro movies. It was only after I force skipped them that I managed to actually start the game, which looking back I now regret having ever accomplished.Like many I was greeted by the black bars constraining the top and bottom of the screen and immediately sought a menu option to turn this off, because wouldn't it be mad to force such an aspect ratio on a PC game? Apparently, not to the developers of this particular game and again I took to google to fix it with command line launches and the in-game console, very soon I will regret spending so much time and effort to play this game.The very first lines of dialogue sound like they were translated through an unfeeling computer who sadly can't comprehend the english language with anything resembling human feeling or emotion. Luckily for that computer the voice actors could apparently not add any of that missing emotion to their performances so in a weird ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way it all fits together and deserves each other. This somehow manages to worsen throughout the game as you encounter more and more characters who are forced to read off such lines as ""It's not just about being unable to see, it's about feeling normal"" after you retrieve his glasses from a mutant spawn of hell in dog form, oh wonderful I'm so glad I endangered my own life so you could feel normal while we kill the psychotic undead in a hellish landscape juxtaposing medieval architecture and an industrial complex. You feeling normal is REALLY all that matters in this situation.The gameplay does nothing to shore up the stilted dialogue and poor story. Stealth is quickly introduced from the onset and then used for 2-3 chapter depending on how willing you are to engage with it and then is swiftly discarded along with any pretense of horror or helplessness you might have felt. Pretty much as soon as you recieve a crossbow through which you can fire many different bolts (some stun and shock, others freeze, one bolt is much like a sticky grenade in function) in probably the only piece of real creativity in the combat, all tension and thrills are discarded for what is mostly a bland third person shooter. The weapons other than the crossbow are by the numbers handgun, shotgun, rife etc. that you will find to function similar to any number of other third person shooters, here you are merely deploying the weapons with sloppy, loose controls and a crosshair that you would swear is just plain lieing to you at times. Things such as a dodge or real melee system is nowhere to be found here, as in order to avoid enemy attacks you must stop aiming and lumberingly reposition, and your melee attacks are as effective as throwing marshmallows at your enemies, who seem only to be momentarily stunned or confused as to why you would even bother. There are some single-use melee weapons to be found strewn about but you simply press the melee button and they are used and disposed of, offering nothing of a real melee combat system to be found.The graphics are perfectly adequate once you jettison the black bars and unlock the framerate, the lighting in particular is fairly nice and even exceptional in certain areas, and most of the blood and gore found in the game itself is fairly well rendered as well. I didn't notice any particularily problematic frame drops while playing through the game and it seems mostly stable, even when you take the game out of it's comfort aspect ratio and frame lock. All in all it's a perfectly fine looking game on the PC and I didn't have much trouble or problems with the graphics after the initial tinkering. This, however, can hardly make up for the myriad other problems the game has and there is certainly prettier games out there, and of the horror variety as well, to test your system with.The Evil Within is on the whole just not very good. Nothing about it really elevates itself out of it's own pool of wasted potential, poor dialogue and story and dull, by the numbers combat and gameplay. It seems like a game that might have been considered ""okay"" years ago but shooting has moved on from these slow, lumbering gameplay conventions, horror has moved on from men with chainsaws rushing at you and zombies stuck with bits of barbed wire being scary, stealth especially has moved on from frustrating, slow, trial and error gameplay. You can do better than this on all fronts, and for 66 Canadian dollars? You can probably get 2 or more games that do what The Evil Within does better.TL;DRPros:-Solid framerate and lighting-Well rendered guts and gore-Different crossbow bolts show small signs of creativity in an otherwise drab selection of weaponsCons:-Nonsensical story and stiff, horribly translated dialogue drag the story below B-movie levels into annoying dribble-Stealth is frustrating and poorly explained before being almost entirely discarded-Combat is boring and dull when not using the crossbow, other weapons are generic mix of shooter standards-Horror and tension is mostly cast aside for poorly paced, boring action sequences-Without extra work by consumer, game is a buggy mess that could crash at any time or barely start at all-Holds to stale genre conventions that have since been discarded or improved upon without adding anything of it's own to the mixWTF:-Do you really expect me to believe a female detective will go out on a call wearing high heels? They're on screen like two times for five seconds but both times I'm now distracted by how much of a moron I think the character is, what if she has to like run or something? You know from those hordes of zombies coming after you, or even like, chase after a criminal, you know her job that she apparently does?-This was really the last place I expected to find a terrible Sephiroth stand-in-I made it through 7/14 or so chapters in this game, I guess if it suddenly becomes amazing in those last chapters they did a poor job of making half of their game not suck and so I'm not really sorry about not making it through the whole thing to be honest"
,Not Recommended,268050,12489695,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Quatropus,"I feel bad for Tango Gameworks.  The reason being is that their debut title, The Evil Within, is absolutely flooded with performance issues on day 1.  If you're playing on a console, you probably don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥  However, if you're a PC who digs smooth animations, frame rate that is tolerable, the ability to PLAY a game, then you want to skip The Evil Within, or at least until Bethesda and Tango does something about it.  Looking at this forum page from a Bethesda admin, that's really not going to be happening anytime soon.  Weird latency with mouse and keyboard at the very beginning at the title menu and options.  The game churns at a frame rate of under 30.  You have to at least have great parts and know your settings if you want to run it at 30.  With an aged PC at about 3-4 years, having to remove video settings still doesn't bump up to 30 (26-27 with Fraps off, 19-22 with Fraps running).  The letterbox in the game is weird because the game itself is forcing less pixels to be on screen, yet it still tanks.  You can fix this with an console command, but unlocking at 60 desyncs the voice acting.  The ability to change the letterbox doesn't remove it, the screen just enlarges to the point that less of the black bar is there.   This is severly unplayable to people who want titles that shoudl work and that shouldn't have us trying to fix the problems that the devs should be doing.  We aren't the devs, Tango is.  If they can't do their jobs, then the company is doomed.  Therefore, I feel sorry for them.  To be honest, seeing that Tango Gameworks is an Asian company, they could care less what the consumers want.One final note: my game doesn't even SHOW Tango's logo.  The game acts like it wants to crash after Bethesda's logo.  Well Bethesda, your name is ALL over it.  You have proven that I can trust you."
,Not Recommended,268050,12515714,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Scientificsalarian,Just a terrible terrible game.Visually not just dateed but unreadable. You can't see anything corectly either your character is in the way or those massive movie black bar are in the way.The controle are incredibly awkward. They feel poorly responsive at best.The story is nothing to write home about but it feels like they tried to put resident evil (not the classics mor resident evil 6) in the silent hill universe and the two don't match.I can't advise anybody to pick this up it's an eye strain to behold.
,Not Recommended,268050,12490465,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Smokin Big Doinks in Amish,"This game was at the top of my list for games I wanted to pla yso bad, but now I can't even believe the♥♥♥♥♥♥that was handed to me.I have a lot of cons about this game that would deter even the most stubborn person.-CFR. Wait, I'm sorry there is no CFR because this games optimization for the PC was absolutely deplorable. Constant slow downs and freezes causes this game to literally be unplayable-Gameplay- Controls are kind of clunky and not as responsive as they should be.-Graphics- They'd be nice if I could, oh I don't know, see anything! There are really no dimly lit areas, just pitch black, Also, even the lit areas don't seem to be bright enough. Seriously!?-Enemies- Not really scary from what I've seen so far, and I can barely see them because of how ♥♥♥♥ing dark it is-Story- GENERIC! Respond to a call, get swept up in some silent hill wannabe♥♥♥♥♥♥ find the source, end it. I haven't even played the damn thing that long and I already know how it'll inevitably play outPros? I don't have to play it anymore-Rating? ♥♥♥♥ you Bethesda/10"
,Recommended,268050,12491521,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,HarryTheCat,True Survival Horror fans will enjoy The Evil Within its a masterpiece in the genre I personally give this game a 9.5/10.
,Not Recommended,268050,12493131,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,FerretBomb,"The trailers for this game look incredible. I've watched people playing it on console, where it's a solid experience.That said? DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON PC.The port is so atrociously bad, it'd almost be laughable if I didn't just spend $60 on it. Stuttering and freezing on what appear to be early PS3-era graphics at best, even at highest settings. Going to lowest doesn't fix the horrible performance issues. Video options that are so minimal they aren't even worth mentioning. Aside from the obnoxious and obtrusive locked-on letterboxing that is (a 'stylistic' choice I'm sure, and not just something to cover up graphical glitches from more incompetent coding).Maybe if they patch it at some point in the future... but this is frankly an embarassment to game development at present.Going from the absolutely STELLAR Alien: Isolation to this was shocking. They are almost polar opposites, technically speaking. A:I was a joy to behold and play, which only makes stepping in this pile of Bethesda's product all the more unpleasant.I will be asking for a refund. I cannot adequately express how atrociously poor the coding in this 'port' actually is."
,Not Recommended,268050,12490564,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Wesleydale,"Cant even be bothered to finish this game....-Its not scary-Boring-Not Tense at all-Boring Boss fights-Many problems with bugs and glitches-A.I is stupid and easy to overcome-AND RUVIK!!!!.... with his dumb♥♥♥♥♥one hit kills, hes spawns in at any thime during the game and kills one hit, and hes always spawns in front of you, I've really tried, but no ways of getting past him.The only way is to hit the ""Load Saved Game"" from menu when he spawns in and hope he dosent spawn when you reload the game... Hes anoying and compleatly pointlessDont buy this gameJust dont"
76561198026494407,Recommended,268050,12487554,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,The_Electric,This game is basically RE4 but with less shootin and more spookin
76561198034461087,Not Recommended,268050,13583032,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ANKH,"Resident evil without the fun or a cohesive plot. It feels like you are just stumbling through world after unrelated world, with no likable characters to get attached to or a narrative. You wonder around killing these things that you can choose to just outrun or sneak up and kill, which isnt a challenge at all. After a great first 20 minutes, i felt myself just waiting for it to be over.  But instead of like starting a bad movie and watching just to see how it ends since i invested the time and money i just decided to cut my losses on this dumb game with its go nowhere plot. There is a real reason this game went on 66 percent sale the first time only one month after it came out. BEWARE."
,Not Recommended,268050,13549268,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Zac Starfire,Was this game ever play tested?Pros:-  Uninstalling frees up over 40 gigs of space.Cons:-  Does not work well on high end systems.-  Terrible Gameplay.-  Horrible Graphics.-  Misleading Advertising.
76561197972720910,Not Recommended,268050,23259104,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,MaYzE,"I really wanted to like this game.  I tried and after around 7 hours and 6 chapters, I just can't play it anymore.  It feels clunkier than the early resident evil games.  Combat was horrible, boss battles seemed boring, and even the save system was a little bit of a pain.  I even left it alone for a while and tried to come back to it to see if it would grasp me.  Nadda.  It's really too bad as it had some fantastic reviews.  The missions all felt somewhat the same and linear.  The story was weak and I felt lost.  I had no connection with the characters.  It just failed on so many levels.  The graphics were nice, but no matter what AA settings you take the shadows would be jagged and look awful.  I’m sad that this will be a title I will never finish a play through on as I have played through some pretty horrible games just to say I have solved them.  Sorry Evil Within, you just don’t make the cut, even though I really wish you did..."
,Recommended,268050,12703272,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Obilvious,If you like Biohazard 1.2.3 and 4 you could buy this game it was very epic
76561198112344363,Not Recommended,268050,13261942,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,TheAlphaGooose,"Ok so I am a huge survival horror fan, dead space 1,2,3 completed, played most resident evils, Silent Hill all of the main stream horror titiles and was so excited for this game when it was announced but all that it has done is dissappoint me.I have a list of problems1) so many things in this game have been ripped straight from resident evil 4!- invisible enemys - check- blind guy with a claw - check- escorting characters - checkwhy?2) hiding from ruvic. this is a mechanic from outlast that fits that game and its just coppy and pasted in here to help it feel modern. plus the fact the he spawns in dumb places really drove me nuts. I killed an enemy and he spawned right on top of the enemy and insta killed me and also, i swent back to the asylum to upgrade, came out of ther door he showed up and insta killed me again. i get the premise i really do but at least give us a chance right.3) the lack of ammo. this drives me nuts. there is hardly any ammo in the game on alot of occations the game forces you to fight and end up wasting all the good ammo just to stay alive. its so annoying to get to a point where you need ammo and realise your completely out and there is none around you. its just fustraighting.please dont think that i have gripes with difficulty because I dont, I am a huge dark souls player so difficulty is something I welcome. but this is just poor design and its really upseting as this could have been an awesome game but it just really isnt. maybe pick it up on sale if your intrested but dont pay full price as it will deffinatly not be worth it."
,Recommended,268050,25520600,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Shinigami X,9.5English/+ good graphic+ perfect survival horrorThis game is similar to silent hill and resident evilArabic/ عربي+جرافيك ممتاز+ رعب نجاة بشكل مثالياللعبة مشابهه لرزيدنت ايفل وسايلنت هيل
,Not Recommended,268050,13165372,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Covfefe,"First of all I'd only recommend this game if it was at the price I bought it , which was at 20.00 USD during the Sale.Otherwise, this game is not worth the current 59.99 USD price.I don't know if I was too hyped when I watched the trailers of ""I know who you are, what you crave, what you fear. Are you going to be able to live with yourself knowing the things I'm gonna make you do?"" and ""I created this world, you cannot keep me here."". I expected a game that would continue to get darker as we explored the Mindscape of the antagonist. The game also advertised ""Changing environments that react to players choice"" < that's a lie, the game cannot be more linear even if it tried. I expected hellish creatures , high tension and actual survival... which the game provides none. The enemy A.I is so bad, you can actually outrun most of the monsters in those ""Linear Chapters"" or exit the room in which they are where they won't decide to follow you. In the beginning the game will seem promising, but by the end of chapter 3 the game gives you access to two of the most useful weapons in the game (the shotgun and the magical crossbow)  which are simply overpowered and take all the sense of ""vulnerability"" that the game had nurtured early on in this dark forest and abandoned village settings... now you know you can take on anything or simply out run it.The biggest disappointment comes when you get to the ""shoot em up"" chapters, which is basically you fighting hordes and hordes of enemies... in broad daylight. There are like 5 chapters like this.And that's my problem with the game, it tries to be so many things at once... It had so much potential.If you compared chapter 1-3 to the shoot-em-up chapters you'd think that they are two different games.Also the ""I created this world"" line is a lie, basically the evil within is an adventure through someone's ""memories"" with some godly manipulation that teleports the character.I could go on and on, Also the ending leaves so many plotholes, that it isn't worth the trouble.---Pro+ Beautiful Environments+ Nurse Tatiana's Apathy+ Chapter 9 and 10---Cons+ Clunky aiming that makes you miss enemies even at point blank.+ Shoot em up segments, by the time you get to the ending chapters of the game... you'll unlock the | You've killed 200 enemies achievements |+ Many Story Plotholes+ Pointless Adventure with no sense of progression.+ Re-used enemies , over and over, and over+ A lot of Nonsense, example like: You can use your knife for stealth-kills , but you cannot use the knife to defend yourself even if you have 0 ammo.In the end, if you liked Resident Evil 4 much more than Resident Evil 1 , then this game is for you. If you thought this game was going to be a psychological tense horror thriller ... no , then this game is not for you. Even Silent Hill is much more confusing than this game's story. The game loses it sense of horror and tension once you reach Chapter 5, the game becomes predictable afterwards and you can use your right to the second ammendment to shoot out everything."
76561198030864773,Not Recommended,268050,12513339,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Bullidom,Well I'm not to sure if this is just me but the game seems to be quite buggy atm. I mean Im not even getting any menu options come up...so I cant really do anything. So atm no I wouldnt reccomend sadly.
76561197998859068,Not Recommended,268050,13581886,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nelson Mandingo,utter garbage
76561197971393754,Recommended,268050,12493702,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,k9unit,Hmmm so far its ok the letter boxing is weird and i dont think i like it. Ive been lucky. Suppose the last 2 games Dead rising and this were supposely crash happy games but neither crashed and ran about what i had expect it to run. And the game so far is tense felt like RE4 chain saw scene but being stalked by chainsaw guy as a tutorial. teach you while you die a few times. Ummm i wish there was a maybe recommend or good luck or live long and gaming kinda button but I dont know i dont know if I would or wouldnt but ill say yes because it worked for me. Oh and i used a xbox wireless controller so that one less headache i also read that ppl have prob with key binding or something on the forums.ok updated. After reading up and adding the console command code at start i was able to unlock the fps   command and then change the aspect ratio to full screen MUCH better now!
76561198142606609,Recommended,268050,13226365,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Paul Sriyotin,ทำได้ดีสำหรับผุ้ให้กำเนิด Resident Evil สนุกมากแต่เล่นแล้วแลค สยองดีลองเล่นูนะครับ
,Not Recommended,268050,24365871,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ChaosPatriarch,"SCORE: C (Minimum to recomend: B)* Final Battle: A+ (The Best of this Game, Replay Potential here, i believe it was the most developed part of the game. And they did a great job here.)* Gameplay: B (Frustrating to move on boss battles and stealth, liked the ""every bullet is important"")* Story: F- (Poorly Told, WASTED POTENTIAL on this one... you dont know what you are doing by the first 80% of the game I wouldn't read a book version of this, its not a good taste to ""reveal"" something SO IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND THE STORY until the final chapters. No! Things are not like this... Its like telling Harry Potter that Voldemort made his ""S"" scar until the final book (And not on the 1st). See my point? The experience really changes a lot...)Enviroment/Art: A (I consider it better than Silent Hill to be honest, the enviroment is darker, more gore, like a hell or what a hell should be, tortured people, crying souls, destroyed cities and monsters... not like the ""morally correct"" hell DOOM 2016 made)* Music/OST: C+ (With the exception of the ""safe heaven"" music, there is nothing to remember.)* Return of Investment (ROI): C- (I bought this game for $7.99 on a sale and i am happy with my purchase but for the 12 hours this experience lasted i wouldn't consider smart to buy this game for more than $9.99 - Also, they dont tell you WHAT IS GOING ON IN THE STORY (until very late in the game) wich makes things worst. Imagine buying this for $19.99 or $39.99, or (even worse) $60.00!!-- PART 2: The Best, The Good, The Bad and The Worst (Read this one)The Best: The Final Battle, one of the best i have played, because of the ""mechanics"" involved just for that battle. The developers really put a lot of work on it (i think it was the most developed part of the game). I didn't like this game to be honest (read ""The Worst"" below)  but this final battle changed my mind a little bit (but not enough to recomend it). I dont see any replay potential on this game, with the exception of the final battle.The Good: The enviroment, this is a real hell. But the enjoyement got destroyed by not knowing what was it about. Because the developers of this game decided to reveal something so important to understand the story until the very end.The Bad: Short Game, around 12-13 hours to beat. Low return of investment if bought for more than $9.99. No replay value.The Worst: In the first 11 Chapters out of 14 you dont know ""directly"" what you are doing, its until the very ""end"" that they tell you what is really happening (And they should have told you THAT on the very 1st level): you are inside Ruvik's Mind. If i knew this from the begining i would have enjoyed every boss batlle (Parts of Ruvik), every place (Ruviks conception of reality) and every enemy. But in the very 1st levels i thought i was in ""the reality"", and if the developers intention was to make a ""big reveal"" about being inside's Ruvik Universe: They did it LATE in the game (like very late).Why i am telling this? Because i got BORED of killing monsters and being teleported for no reason at all. Visiting random places, not knowing what was happening. Being teleported every time to another place and change my objectives is annoying. If i knew from the begining that i was ""inside Ruviks Universe/Mind"" and every place/monster was part of Ruviks Experiences and Memories my game experience would have been sooooo much better. But they decided to ""confirm"" you about this around Ch. 10 or so (Almost at the end)Would i recomend it? NOWould i play it again? NO, uninstalling right now.Was it worth the money? For $7.99 YES. For more than $9.99: NO"
76561198119547960,Recommended,268050,24318163,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Luci [Devil Devil -- Milck],"this game is not scary at all ... still feels like play Resident Evil 4 ~ and keep shooting innocent people .OK ~ I want say this game is not great , but it is good game , I give 4 star for this game ,worth to buy !"
,Not Recommended,268050,13156717,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,"Oniichan, wrong hole|Hibby","I can just say that the more I'm playing this game, the more i want it to be over. The only good thing is that i bought this on sale, but I think I should've just got Resident Evil 4 instead of this, it would've been more fun and saved money."
76561198135286047,Not Recommended,268050,20479407,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DelialFallen,"This game is hard.And when I say hard, I don't mean Metro 2033 (non-Redux) hard, no, no.  I mean You Can't Run Properly, Hide Properly, Shoot Properly, or Fight Properly kind of hard.Now, I'm a fan of survival horror: Resident Evil 1, 2, 3 and Silent Hill 2 being among my favorite games of all time.  Those were fun.The Evil Within isn't fun.  It's tedious.  Tedious and unscary -- as if in the mind of the people who made it, that was somehow going to make it frightening.  It isn't frightening.  At all.  It is gross, yes.  The graphics convey a good atmosphere... but that all becomes meaningless as the game controls and gameplay will destroy any sense of foreboding the game could offer.Now, I don't regret buying the game as I got it on sale and I was curious enough to see what it was about.  I'm glad I did, too.  But I can't recommend it to anyone except maybe to die hard horror fans who want to have a look at it and see.  But then again, those folks ought to be playing Outlast (good game!) if they haven't already instead of this."
76561197983301475,Recommended,268050,24750418,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,RabidUrko,"Awesome game, real creepy story and great characters and enemies.Its like bits of horror games all merged together, a real tense action game."
,Not Recommended,268050,13318821,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Get Schwifty,"Pretty sure there are many other detailed reviews out there so I'll just keep it short.Game is average. They promised a back-to-the-roots horror game, but nope not the case hereTEW is kinda like an RE4 clone except more polishedStory-wise it's better than the RE series. Nothing crazy good but at least Shinji tried.I say it'll make a decent movie.What's interesting is every monster or creature or wtv you wanna call them got backstories. And character development is always a plus.Now on to the gameplay, I'd say the word adequate sums it up.Nothing innovative here, nothing new. The matches thingie is pretty cool, I guess.And If you were expecting a terrifying horror game, you're going to be disappointed.Yes, the environment and atmosphere get really creepy sometimes, it's great. I loved all the messed up changing rooms, mind♥♥♥♥ locations.But it's just not scary because of how the game plays. It's action-oriented like the RE series.For the 66% off price I got, game was okay.Would have recommended the game but towards the ending, the game had an unbelievable amount of filler segments that add nothing to the storyline. Was begging for the game to end. It was torture.Last chapter level design was just silly, and dumb.Really ruined the whole package for me.Biggest letdown of the game? Cheap deaths. PeriodWayyyyy too many of that♥♥♥♥♥♥Pros :- Great designs; both monsters and the first half of the game- Character development / Backstory- GameplayCons :- Cheap instant-deaths- Also the gameplay. I'd say false advertising lol- Final chapter level design"
,Not Recommended,268050,33318519,Posted: 6 July,all,LeadenLocust(GruffGruff),"Wanna understand the Story to an full extent ?Go ahead and buy the DLCs i guess.Other than that clumsy and ''unfair'' gameplay with cheap 1 hit kills from bosses which you cannot dodge.Becomes pretty obvious at the chapter 10 boss which is always faster than you , and will gobble you up .And i dont mean , its its hard to dodge , but you simply cant. There is generally no option to dodge from enemy fire or hits , you just have to run. It works in most situations , as enemies are slow and not very clever so they run into traps , even the bosses. But the boss in chapter 10 is allways , allways faster.At the end I want to mention that this game was thought to be revolutunary  , but at the game launch nothing worked , and it still isnt a good game."
,Recommended,268050,12511439,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Kurt,"Well i have not played very far into the gamebut so far i have had zero issues with this game at all ?all this garbage about frame rates, black bars and bleak story is nonsence.This game is for hard core fans of survival horror, this is survival horror as invisioned by Shinji, he stated that he wanted the game to have a degree of cinimatic fidelity and integrity, the black bars and film grain are there to help enforce that. Shinji is looking for that real old school - grindhouse horror feel. No one says you have to like this game, he delivered on all his promises, sure the PC reccomendations and specs are abit overboard? But thats not to say you cant run the game and have FUN its about fun not visual, all though the visuals help with immerions and atmospeheric tension. This does not mean you cant have fun with this game.I think there is plenty on offer here and it is completely worth its price tag  and is worthy of a Survival horror place as well as one of the better Shinji games in the past few years.If you like survival horror at its roots e.g Resi 4, last of us esque you'll feel some what at home here9.5/10"
76561197983014610,Not Recommended,268050,13418312,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Powring,"Ce jeu n'est pas terminé/mal porté. Plante à l'intro, Résolutions médiocres. Félicitations à l'equipe.This game is not playable at all due to permanent issues. Dont buy this untill patches (a lot). Crash on intro, then IG."
76561197983398181,Not Recommended,268050,12505916,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,anexxea`,"This game is unplayable, glitchy, and a total waste of my money. I do not recommend it!"
76561198053477419,Not Recommended,268050,13151343,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MixMartialArt,"Story is okay, but game play overall it's freaking horrible, especially with the shooting angles an all. The camera angle killed it all, when you get to chapter 6, you get these ceiling spikes that collapse on you. there's no way I can get past that."
76561198036059676,Recommended,268050,12506545,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,VulcanTwist,"I really enoyed it, depsite people moaning about it. I think a lot of the hate comes from all the Hype. If you liked old RE with a uplfit, buy this game. Threr are few annoying bits, but what game doesn't?"
76561198060039032,Recommended,268050,12509485,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ros117,"Why hello there. Haven't seen you around this desolate land known as ""The Evil Within Community Reviews-vile"". Now, now I know what you are thinking. What is up with all these thumbs downs? Is this game so bad? Why no, friend, it isn't. In fact The Evil Within is an amazing game created by one of the most creative minds in gaming: Shinji Mikami. Then how come people are so negative on Steam? Well here are a few points of interest:1. The game does have some technical issues. It is locked at 30 FPS command console and there are these black bars around the screen that can take some time to get used to...or not. This just in: a new patch released a short while ago and fixed both of these issues. So...um...yeah. Chalk that one up as an invalid complaint.2. No really there is not other actual reason to hate on The Evil Within. Well yeah the story is standard fare for the genre but that is hardly that big of a issue for a game where everything else is amazing.3. Seriously buy this game. It has a terrific atmosphere, art design, interestingly thought out enemy encounters and awesome gunplay.Hope that helps."
,Recommended,268050,12506473,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Honkeycat64,THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS 2 SPOOOOKY
,Not Recommended,268050,34468326,Posted: 24 August,all,Taylem,"Yes, this game had a fair amount of hype- coming from Resident Evil creator Shinji Mikami; but sadly it does not live up to it. Before we get into the story itself, let's quickly talk about the gameplay. In short, its terrible. Movement, combat, switching weaponry is all extremely clumsy and limited.You often find yourself losing control of your character in favor or setting up the tension or scene; the animations for moving up or down stairs is frustrating and slow- like a toddler learning for the first time. And combat, ugh- it takes all the worst things of a third-person shooter and makes them much worse. Boss fights are silly and uninspired, favoring over the top gore instead of enjoyable mechanics.Far as the story, its scattered all over the place- coming together to form an extremely generic plot. Come the ending, you are no closer to knowing what is really going on than you were at the beginning. In fact, its so sequel baity that I basically wanted the hours back I wasted getting to this point.The game may be worth it on the cheap, but even then I wouldn't buy it if I had to do all over again. There are far better games to play with your time."
,Recommended,268050,16775236,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Xerious Xenia,"I was told to not do a review of this game by reborn Laura, the 6 legged she-creature. But as I sit here, waiting for her to teleport into my room, I am eager to write this. I don't have much time. She is close. Buy this game if you wa----"
76561198054710239,Not Recommended,268050,26158221,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Silence,"After 10 hours of playing this game, I simply cannot continue. The camera pov is extremely limited, the character's movement is cumbersome (in terms of maneuvering around enemies and such), the item page is not well design imo, and the stealth aspect is few. Boring and far from scary (more like an action game then horror). I quit.Edit: I just found an review by Stylosa (Unit Lost) that just nails what i couldn't put in words back when i wrote this review, definitely give it a look before purchasing this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaLyPrOb3GE"
,Not Recommended,268050,13237219,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,schouffy,"On the + side :- i love the game engine. Blurry and textures pop sometimes a little late, but very detailed, and some really beautiful scenes. Loved it in Rage, in Wolfenstein NO and loved it here.- a few chapters have some good moments, and a good ambiance.- it is long. However, given it's a bad game, that's not really a good point.On the - side :- This is an action game. Nothing more. No survival, no horror, no tension, just you and your guns and plagas copy pasted enemies. This is fine (well, not really after all that marketing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ""return of true horror"" blah blah), except that it's a 2004 action game. Gameplay sucks. After games like Splinter cell Conviction or The Last of Us, feels rigid and dull.- it is not original at all. It takes ideas from RE, SH, TLOU, Dead Space and Call of Duty (!), and compiles it in a way that will make the game repetitive and boring, and ""deja vu"".- the PC port is horrible, even played 2 months after release without black borders and a few bugs fixed. Key bindings will disappear, framerate will fluctuate, ...- 4 first chapters, and 5 last chapters are horrible to play, especially the last one which is the longest WTF sequence ever. i wanted to cry over the game so that it ends.Don't buy it, it's not worth even 5€. It is honestly an uninspired RE4, 10 years later. I've warned you."
76561198088188117,Not Recommended,268050,13134909,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Lone Shadow,"Tried playing this game for a couple of hours and even though it looks great and has a bit of a story etc, the gameplay kills it.For starters the controls are just annoying. No jumping, can't sprint for more than 5 metres, slow reaction time etc etc.The camera angles are ridiculous as a 3rd person game. Quite often you simply can not see what you're doing or where you're going etc. Often needing to standup or show yourself to the mobs, simply so you can work out where you're going.3rd person view kills this game!As stated you simply have no real sense of control or being there.  There is no easy way to aim on objects etc, and quite often you have to do the left and right shuffle before you can pickup or use an item.Its basically a stealth game as the bad guys are far stronger, better weopens, and senses than the player. Shooting them 4 or 5 times only makes them angry.Graphics are good, and at the 60 FPS it ran well with most graphic options turned up.  I am running and i7 with 16GB etc so it should.Theres virtually no saving except for some odd ball locations, hence you will find that you are constantly regoing over the same scene again and again and again and again. Becomes monotonous.Seems to run fairly well, with the latest updates, as things go but as stated the gameplay etc needs tweaking.It unfortunately is very much like other zombie games, and even though its a little more refined, coming from a bigger game company, I am sadly disappointed in what it offers.COULD have been really, good, but ended up sub par.Again IF it had been a FPS, you could overlook some of the other problems.I'd rate this a mediocre game. Okay while on special, but glad I didn't pay full price for it."
76561197970572741,Not Recommended,268050,13268893,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,swicz,Just horrable. Terrible game play and story line. biggest waste of sale price of $20
76561198153233056,Not Recommended,268050,35069758,Posted: 19 September,all,Cyborg ♲,"I thought this game is good, but I was wrong, firstly PC controls are very bad, late key reaction(when you push button you expect reaction quickly, but reactions are like you have the worst graphic card with 5 or 10 FPS). Very bad camera anyle in many situations, very bad shooting and aiming. Skills in game, there is 100% critical shoot with rifle but only works if you shoot into head(if enemy have mask that is not true and same if enemy have 2 heads) and if you do not upgrade sniper rifle headshot will be deadly anyway.And new game plus, if you going for achievements, you will still need to play 4,5 x whole campaign because you cant change up diff in new game plus, but you will need to play it, because you will need a lot of gel for upgrades. Minimum number of plays is 3x - but its practicaly imposible, because when you collect gel and collectibles you cant do 5h run and doing that on akumu diff is very hard(one hit you die)"
76561198002589014,Recommended,268050,23951242,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,-=XX=-Nephilim,Appart from controls being a bit clunky - game itself is absolutely fantastic!I really hope sequal is in the making :)
,Recommended,268050,12505696,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,PatTheDemon,Requirements to enjoy this game:-Must love Horror.-Must like difficult games.-Must be okay with a slower paced gameIf you meet those 3 requirements go ahead and pick up the game. I love it.
,Recommended,268050,12856324,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Hellraiser763,Best Survival Horror game in a very long time!
76561198013356189,Not Recommended,268050,13220146,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Stefanos,THe game on chapter 2 and 3 is unplayable. Crushes every 2 minutes. I dont reccomend it for buying till a patch is out.
76561198005445918,Not Recommended,268050,13606568,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,NecroLyte UDL,Very lack luster experience for a horror game.
76561198064444898,Not Recommended,268050,13398410,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,daqueen,"I got 12gb ram, Radeon graphics HD8670M 2gb, AMD A10 processer, and changed all in game graphic to the lowest then yet still lagging in game while playing... i had searched the google and forum then, i found dat im not the only one whose victim in buying this game but there are many(Mostly of them are having the extreme gaming graphic property). I will not say it's worth to play even it's nicely in sound, effect, graphic and story, IF THERE IS LAGGING HAPPENED IN GAME. Lag made gamer goes crazy."
,Recommended,268050,12512107,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Woody,pretty scary game.not with the ghost. it's all about demon or evil.Don't b scare just a pretty adorable game :D
76561198059810530,Not Recommended,268050,13134809,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sam Magicman,i honestly have to say that anyone who doesnt have a state of the computer.... PLEASE do not waste your money on this. the PC version is so unstable it's absolutely revolting. the lag makes the game completely unplayable and steamd oesnt even bother to tell you or warn you i tn eeds a strong graphics card to run
76561198000997082,Not Recommended,268050,13112110,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,bep76,"Horrible conversion, laggy despite decent graphic card and pc - even at low settings."
76561198111744394,Not Recommended,268050,33798037,Posted: 25 July,all,shadowhentai,"Found myself rushing through the game just to get it over with.-Clunky controls-Very unforgiving saving system-Boring run-around-the-dumb-AI gameplay-Characters are robots-This game will heavily punish you if you don't tediously scavenge for loot. Not enough ammo during boss fight = restart the chapter. (That is, if you don't constantly re-enter the mirror portal to overwrite one save out of your limited bucket of available save slots.)-NOT SCARY (The fact that it's marketed as a horror game blows my mind.)Probably will avoid the sequel."
76561198029312625,Not Recommended,268050,16392392,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sheepdog,"It's just like playing the resident evil games of the 90's with better graphics. Not a big hit for me. It did not live up to the hype and corresponding expectations. Maybe some day I'll be unemployed and bored enough to play it all the way through. I kind of doubt it, though."
76561198036193985,Not Recommended,268050,13110138,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,samsonac-130,"I bought this game the other day for $20 and once I get to chapter 2 the game becomes unplayable. It crashes all the time, thi is ridiculous. I amashamed to have bought it, Bethesda doesn't deserve any money for this POS. If anything they should be paying you to play it. I don't know how the game was recieved on console, maybe its better, but this game shouldn't have been released, as far as I'm concerned this isn't anywhere close to a finished product, and if I worked for Bethesda I would be ashamed to have produced such shoddy garbage. Anyway, moral of the story no matter how on sale this game is do not buy it, it is not worth your money or time."
,Not Recommended,268050,13094372,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,GameOverGamer,"The Evil Within itself is a fantastic game. Great graphics, good story, mechanics are good(even though I suck at shooting). There's just one problem: the port to pc is quite awful. Had to drop my settings quite drastically to get the game to run moderately, and it still lags quite a bit. My specs are fine enough to run the game at almost max which is strange. Oh, and did I mention that I'm currently on chapter 6 of the game, and it randomly crashes about every 20 minutes?Now don't get me wrong, I don't hate this game. In fact, it's quite a good game. I'd normally highly recomend something like this to everyone. However, due to these issues that I've personally experienced, sale or not, pick up a console copy, not for PC...."
,Not Recommended,268050,13355591,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Jay,"If you like survival horror, I would not get this game. All this talk about going back to the roots. And I was so looking forward to this game. And what I got was a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The camera is breathing right down his neck, through the whole game. On top of that the game has big black lines on top & bottom. It's a cut screen the whole way through. If you like games like the Call of Duty games. Where you get the same game every year. That just looks a little different. That the way this is ...compared to Resident Evil 4. But to tell you the truth. RE4 was a way, way better game then this. If I could say that RE4 was a good game. And to top all of that off. I never want to play this game. Once every week or two I force myself to give this game another shot. I keep saying to myself, theres got to be something good about this game. But there's not. The story & characters are boring as hell. You just feel like your going through the motions. In almost all games, even the bad ones. I can say something good about them. But not this one. Stay away from this one. It's not was they say it is. The trailer makes it look like the game is worth buying. Don't be fooled. Unless you a little kid. Thats the only way you might like this. And that why most reviews for this game are positive. They should put how old you are next to your review. But before I buy any game I read both sides of the coin. Well, that's my 2 cents"
,Not Recommended,268050,13954030,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,FatEraser,Wat..
,Not Recommended,268050,13482671,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Suicidal Underwear,"You can not remap ""reload"" and a few other actions.  Some keys are mystriously not allowed to be used to remap.  Since I can't remap it's impossible to play.  So don't buy it until they fix."
,Not Recommended,268050,13500704,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Shmoo,"The Good, The Bad, and The UglyThe Good:Creativity - The creativity involved with most of the design of the game and monsters. My two peronal favorite game publishers are Bethesda and Capcom (the old Capcom) and this is why I pre-ordered.Upgradeable Character - Skyrim alone is proof that players love to build up their character into an invincible force to go kick some tail.The Bad:Ammo - The serious lack of ammo (at least the first time round) is why I have only played this game 4 hours so far. There are many better ways to make a game challenging. This is probably the worst thing to do in any game. Players like to feel like they are kicking tail, how can they feel like that without any ammo?Cheats - When I first learned that there were cheats I had renewed hope for plentiful ammo but I have not been able to get it this cheat to work no matter how much ammo I have on hand. Why not use the tried and true Skyrim console in the future?!The Ugly:Aspect Ratios and Resolutions - When I first played this game I really struggled with the aspect ratio. This is something that players should not have to worry about. Most PC gamers have at least 1080p, but many are pushing beyond that now. Games should be made to take advantage of video cards as much as possible. We spend hundreds of dollars on video cards for a reason. Many of us have a 144Hz monitor so limiting games to 30 and 60 is just stupid."
,Recommended,268050,12783044,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Demon Lord of the Round Table,+Game is fun.Has scary moments.No bullets till near boss fights/ horde sequnces.Fun boss fights.Upgrades.Games is fun.Dev's listend to the fans about letter box/ 30fps complaints.- Final Boss is basiclly a quicktime event.Only 2-3 basic enemy types.Ending is 2 ambiguous 4 me.Game is fun.
,Not Recommended,268050,18941528,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BloodyZombie117,"I really wanted to love this game... But it's filled with so much one-hit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that the game just isn't fun.Plus, you have to live through a lot of unskippable cutscenes. Under all the jazz for this game, you realize it's horrible. That's where the horror is. With how crappy the game is. That's the only scary part of this game. Spoopy/10."
76561198145604972,Recommended,268050,24491196,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,loader963,Nice little game that while short did overstay its welcome a bit. overall glad i picked it up.
76561198028937554,Recommended,268050,23174055,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,iavazquez,Very exciting and will have you at the edge of your seat
76561197970467547,Not Recommended,268050,13101697,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Seina,"This is a great game hobbled by one of the worst engines (and pc ports on top of that) I have ever seen. I loved this game in *spite* of most of those issues, but at the end of the day I couldn't finish it, just got sick of fighting with the graphics issues and crashing.Short rundown of the issues: Even after they implemented 60fps ""support"" (which as far as I can tell was just flipping a switch, not any real fixes) it crashes all the time in certain levels if it's turned on. The game CHUGS in levels that aren't even graphically complex by Ps3/xbox360 standards. The optimization is a war crime. A room that is ten feet wide with a bloodstain on the wall shouldn't require more horsepower to run than Farcry4 on max settings. No, I'm not joking. It's that bad.I don't know how this game is on consoles, maybe all the issues are just a pc port thing? But if you get this, don't get this on PC."
76561197983238309,Not Recommended,268050,12538457,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,(PIB) Uchideshi,"Poor port to PC, constant crashes(not PC related) at a point where it is unplayable for myself. Save your money until they releas a patch or two to make it stable."
,Not Recommended,268050,13095368,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,danweL,"Terrible console port. The game is laggy.  The game loves to crash. I just attempted to start the game 10 times, it crashed 9 and then when it finally worked on the 10th time I couldnt hear the characters' voices, but the rest of the background sounds were loud. All volumes maxed in the audio menu.  I have 5:1 surround sound and this is a regular problem I have with video files that only support Stereo.  Really gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if the gameplay isn't up to the hype and these charlatans don't fix this."
76561198011389899,Not Recommended,268050,30108615,Posted: 22 February,all,Woodsparrow,Terrible. It's like RE's D- little brother.
,Not Recommended,268050,18065122,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,realityexists,meh/10....DELETED or basicallyyou know that moment when you realize you are not having any more fun with a game? That just happened with this one. I already played Resident Evil 4 and that was better.
76561198141188637,Not Recommended,268050,15708008,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Steaky,"Poorly optimised game.I would forgive it if the graphics where pushing boundaries, but they really don't."
,Not Recommended,268050,29474746,Posted: 24 January,all,Night Road,Could`t continue. felt generic and should`v been shorter or done better (more scary and better engaging story).Note: The 1st chapter what made me buy into the game. after that it goes downhill.
76561198069984637,Recommended,268050,12840776,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,bumbleton,The Battletoads of survival horror.10/10
76561198011241744,Not Recommended,268050,13381786,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Pahaliah,i bought a new graphics card for this game and it keeps crashing everytime i play...
76561198045542049,Not Recommended,268050,13411897,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,SkyGT,"The Evil Within could be considered to be a good game to those who haven't experienced it's spiritual predessor: Resident Evil 4.  However those who have played RE:4 will undoubtedly notice the vast similarities between the two, and this is where The Evil Within has it's downfall. From start to finish it's very clear that this game tries to emulate the same experience that RE:4 gave us back in 2004 and at some points, comes very close to doing so. The biggest issue (personally) for this game is that it can't really stick with any sort of theme and stick with it. One moment you're in a run-down town at night that feels dark and ominus then all of a sudden you're in the middle of a city where everything is literally falling apart around you. Variation is a good thing if done appropriately, this game does it in a much too abrupt style to the point where it's difficult trying to figure out what you're even playing. Does it fit in the horror genre? Does it fit into some Action adventure genre? I honestly can't tell, the game misleads you as to what it is straight from the beginning so that might be a good way to describe this game, misleading."
,Not Recommended,268050,14163550,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Clark W. Griswold,I bought this game at 50% off and still feel robbed.
76561198042356210,Recommended,268050,12839266,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[DTTH] Greywind [VM],"I honestly have been looking for a good survival horror for awhile, and I have to say this takes the cake. This game punishes you for making mistakes on some of its twisted puzzles, the enemies can become overwhelming, and above all I found myself in multiple moments sitting on the edge of my seat. Fear factor is great, gameplay in my opinion is good, the enemies are horrifying in appearance, and the story is fantastic. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,268050,13623004,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,milliemoo08,"I've done everything possible to make this game not clunky and work decently. I have the recommened port usage ""required"" for normal gameplay and it still works like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am beyond♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that this is even available on steam considering it dosn't work on PC...."
76561197962356138,Not Recommended,268050,13917142,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Hobocookies,This game is barely playable it is so poorly made.
76561198024464410,Not Recommended,268050,14278353,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,FingPing,"Horrible controls which deviate from the well established standards.Atrocious letterbox effect which limits the field of view.Inconsistent framerate, even on a GTX 970. And the graphics aren't that great.Horrible AI. Enemies do not know how to run past a wooden fence, instead they keep running against it in place.Incredibly slow camera turn speed when hiding in closets, under a bed, etc, or looking around in a cutscene.Utterly uninspired antagonist. Looks like an Assassins Creed character, and has magical powers of teleportation. Not scary, or even intimidating. All in all, just a boring main villain.Pickups show icons to indicate you can pick them up, closets show icons to indicate you can get in, etc, but doors do not show an icon to indicate if you can interact with it or not.A tedious and very disappointing game.Got bored at sneaking, because of the horrible controls and AI.Stopped playing at the village level, because of all these reasons. Just unplayable and annoying."
76561197989229737,Not Recommended,268050,13315506,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,♥†€XP€N$IV GRI££†♥,The black bars taking up half your screen are actualy ridiculous and partialy ruin the game. Allong with many glitches and the average action horror and weak plot the game falls short of entertaining.After Playing more to try and give this game a second chance it still can not be recommended- Awful launch with black bars locked 30fps and many glitches.- huge patches to fix problems.- His walking and running animations are comical(he moves his hands and feet up and down very fast while moving at a very slow pace. Speed is right but the animation makes him look like he is scooby doo sneaking through the halls)- Turn film grain off and notice the graphical fidelity is nothing special(Many lower res or murky / muddy looking environmental textures like walls.)
,Not Recommended,268050,14116470,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MegaMan91,I spent 20 on this and am still disappointed i spent so much
,Recommended,268050,12768104,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Z1sTeM,"Awesome graphics, got some real scares, ohh that challenge..."
,Not Recommended,268050,13840373,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Syntaku,"This game runs poorly on my 270x. I'm not saying I should be able to max the game out, but the game doesn't look that good in the first place. It looks like an xbox360 game."
76561198041968020,Not Recommended,268050,14114505,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Lachlan,Dont buy it sucks♥♥♥♥♥:)
,Recommended,268050,13113182,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Deluxe Breakfast Companion,"It's rough around the edges, but the core gameplay is too good to ignore.The Evil Within is the latest creation from Shinji Mikami (Resident Evil, Resident Evil 4), and it shows.  Tilt your head and squint and you could almost mistake this for Resident Evil 4.  While TEW certainly carries over some of Mikami's horror staples, it has a stronger emphasis on horror that distinguishes it from his previous works.  Enemies are incredibly dangerous, resources are scarce, and the gore has been turned up 11.At its core, The Evil Within is a tense action game with some minor stealth elements that grants the player a staggering number of tricks and techniques for overcoming its brutally tough enemies.  Protagonist Sebastion Castellanos quickly arms himself with the standard Pistol, Shotgun, Sniper Rifle, Grenades setup, but augments it with a devastating and fun weapon called the agony crossbow.  By disarming traps hidden throughout the levels, Sebastion can create a variety of special crossbow bolts, including ones that explode, shock, freeze, burn, blind or poison foes.  This is only the beginning of the game's amazing combat system.  The player can use all these, along with stealth kills, environmental hazards, and the occasional torch or hand axe to tear through the game's creepy, zombie-like foes (and other assorted monstrosities).It's no cakewalk however, even basic enemies can take a ton of punishment, but the game never feels like you're facing bullet sponges.  The enemies are tough to kill if you just pour hot lead into them, but by destroying their skulls with headshots, stabbing their brains with your knife, or burning them, you can put them down for good.  This leads to the fairly interesting match mechanic.  Once an enemy is downed, Sebastion can use a match to set their body (and possibly other adjacent bodies) ablaze.  Matches are one of the few resources that feel plentiful, so resourceful players can do fun tricks, like shotgunning a group of enemies down then setting the whole group alight with a single match.  Resource conservation is rarely ever this satisfying or fun.The game is also incredibly varied, with different mechanics often showing up for only a chapter or two before quietly exciting the game.  It works well, because it keeps each chapter interesting and fun, but the more obnoxious foes you meet won't get a chance to really grate on you, since they'll be gone almost as soon as they've appeared.  With 15 chapters full of unique and interesting scenarios, The Evil Within definitely never becomes boring.In fact, the game will remain interesting even into extra playthroughs.  Thanks to a variety of difficulty settings (including the horribly unfair 1-hit-killathon, Akumu mode) and New Game+ goodies, there's a lot of stuff to do in The Evil Within.  The systems are complex enough that your first playthrough almost feels like a tutorial, and future playthroughs are incredibly fun as you take on old encounters with far more skill and knowledge of the game's systems.It's not all roses however, as The Evil Within has some serious shortfalls outside of its gameplay.  The story is unclear and ends on a very unsatisfying note (though the DLC promises more).  The game also suffers from a slew of technical issues, including a bizarre tendency to hover around 30 FPS, even on a very strong graphics card.  Some poor animations and minor bugs are certainly present as well, and it really makes me wish Bethesda was more willing to release games when they're ready rather than rushing them out the door.The Evil Within's core combat systems are so detailed, fun, and varied that it's easy to overlook its few problems.  I highly recommend this to any fans of survival horror, or anyone who wants a challenging action game with great combat."
76561198012650407,Not Recommended,268050,17241945,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Crypt Kiddie,"When comparing to Resident Evil 4, this game falls flat on its face in pretty much every way. There are more instakills in here than an OG Megaman game. Not much of a story, most bosses felt boring and uninspired (i think there were only like 3 bosses anyway). There's a couple cool parts where you poke brains and the last level was kinda cool but otherwise I really had to force myself to finish this one."
,Not Recommended,268050,13239678,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Liquid,"I keep coming back, and I keep getting disappointed. There are some very basic rules that exist in modern gaming, and one of the most important is alleviating repetition. In a modern AAA title, I want immersion into a story that can play out in multitude of ways. The Evil Within accomplishes its challenge by means of clunky controls and awkward camera angles, and punishes failure by forcing the player to repeat these challenges ad naseum. Checkpoints are few and far between, with save points being very spread out. This leaves you spending a lot of time performing trial and error play, with failure forcing the player to repeat arduous, unenjoyable stages that don't alter the challenge, but rather maintain it through frustrating and awkward play. Its not that its hard, its that its awkward. There is no feeling of pride or accomplishment in overcoming difficult parts, only relief that its over. I am desperately trying to get my money out of the game,  but I grow ever closer to writing it off. The worst part is that it is not necessary; simple quicksave features and/or multiple paths to victory would have made this a truly worthwhile title and would alliviate the frustration over poor controls, bad framerate and technical shortcomings. This was rushed, and boy does it feel rushed. The play is so frustrating, repetitive and drawn out that the story is even difficult to follow.If you are in the mood for survival horror, check out resident evil 4. If you are looking for a scare, check out outlast. Both are cheaper than the Evil Within, and both are absolutely leagues better. I honestly don't see anything this game does that another game doesn't do better. It could be considered average if they would have just spent a bit longer on improving the experience. Instead, it can only be described as bad.This will be the first time I can say that I have been let down by Bethesda, so perhaps that adds to the sting. But I can honestly say that the title of this game is exceedingly apt.Don't buy this game."
76561197964863427,Recommended,268050,13576794,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kamamura,"After finishing the game, I must say I recommend it, but only to the people who are into the genre. If you loved the good early Silent Hill games, you will probably like this. I do not like the dumbed down, Americanized Resident Evil, but these psychological horrors with a twist always intrigue me. Unlike many people, I had zero technical problems with the game.The gameplay is mostly okay, the standard survival horror blend of careful aiming and resource conservation, figuring out the bosses, sneaking, etc. I don't like boss fitghts, so the end was somewhat less good for me.Atmosphere - it's where the game really shines. The levels are incredibly moody, and capture the subtle effect of how depression or anxiety alters your perception of your surroundings. The whole ""going insane"" aspect is very well done, and is the highlight of the game. There are lots of subtle touches like paintings with hidden references, carefully placed props, well designed levels and so on.The story is average overall, and there is no catharsis nor liberating conclusion.Overall, 8/10 from me, mostly for the unrealized potential in the story."
76561198035629917,Recommended,268050,23943003,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Honor,Main story is fairly good. Dlc is meh at best.
76561198024225880,Recommended,268050,23529211,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,beefnpeas,The quality of this game is incredible. Graphics are awesome with lots of creative character and set design. I actually enjoyed this more than the Resident Evil games but character development could have been a bit more fleshed out. Other than that I'm hoping for a sequel. Best game I've played in years.
,Recommended,268050,24467351,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,alexandru_vlad21,"Resident Evil 4 with stealth, new graphics, supernatural elements and no tank controls.Side note: there is a boss inspired by the ""Kill it with fire!"" meme."
,Not Recommended,268050,19320867,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,★NoExitTV★,I can't recommend this game to anyone since it's so badly optimized for pc...Limited to 30fps and it just feels awful considering I'm playing on not that high settings and running a gtx 970 and an i7 4790k
76561198078208116,Recommended,268050,26103908,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,odoscoldbeak,"Well, It had to happen sooner or later and after the Fiasco that was Resident Evil Six Leon Kenedy has finally snapped.  Time has not been good to our Leon, unable to sustain his Clean Cut ""All American Hero"" image Leon, now in his Fifties and married with a young Daughter, has Turned In his Badge  with the Raccoon City P.D.   He is now a Gruff, Cynical ""Gutter Detective"" working in the district of Bedlam and Squallor, Beacon Town, Krimson City.  Leon has also changed his name to Sebastion (in honor of his fallen friend no doubt), He has Quit Bleaching his Hair and  has been hitting the Jack Daniels Hard for Years......OK so it's not exactly Cannon, but our Protagonist in this game looks identical and has the same Voice Actor so it's an entiely Plausable Hypothasis.The Good -  In Many ways The Evil WIthin has delivered on it's Promises in that Strategy and Atmosfear (sic)  is much more important than action.  There is a very real sense of Danger that does not rely entirely on Jump Scares, on the contrary you will recognise many of your favorite Horror Tropes here.  The Evil Within is best described as a Melting Pot of all that you have been missing from ""Real"" Horror Games, you will see parts from Amnesia, you will See Parts from resident Evil (Before it went Full On Rambo), you will see Parts from Outlast, you will see parts from Alone in The Dark, you will even see the ""Sneak Attack"" from the reboot of TUROK which is used to exellent effect here I might add.   And Yes, you will see a measured amount of Combat as the Game Progresses.  Nothing is given to you easily here.  You will have to search and scrounge for every last bullet and every last upgrade and you will have to make every bullet count.  The Story is anyones guess but I'v seen enough to conclude that they are going for an Inception / Matrix - It's not really Happening - Virtual Reality type Plot here.  I have still to complete the DLC so I will Hang fire on that for now.  And OOOHHHH The Dialogue Oh Ho Ho ho it's BAAAAD, it goes way beyond ""Jill Sandwitch"" grade Bad all the way to Full On Scooby Doo grade Bad.  Clearly this is deliberate self parody and I would expect no less.The Bad - Ironically the game's Construction is also it's weak point.  Yes there is Nostalgia Value and Yes it feels as though our wishes have been answered, but, in it's desire to please the fans by being a Portmanteau of all our ""Memory Making"" Horror Gaming Moments it has no identity of it's own.  I cannot imagine there will ever be an Evil Within Part 2 or Part 3, this is at best a stand alone game that is makng revinue on the dissapointment of Horror Gaming fans but it could not stand on it's own merits.Secondly - (and this Drives me Nuts with modern games) Making it Damn Near Impossible to Play DOES NOT EQUAL ENTERTAINMENT!   Yep things are good for the first half and then it's Goodbye Scary Game and HELLOOOOO  QTE!   Thats QTE's and Instant Deaths........Lot's and lots and lots of them.  In it's attempt to recreate the survival element the Game often puts the player in No Win Situatons where progress can only be made by dying many, many,many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many Times. Instant Death after Instant Death after Instant Death after Instant Death after Instant Death after Instant Death after Instant Death after Instant Death after Instant Death......it just goes on and on and on.  The Thrill of Survival gives way to Boredom and Tedium very quickly after the Half way Point and the final Stage is completely ruined by being almost exclusivly QTE.  RE6 has got Nothing on this for the sheer amount of instant death situations and QTE here.  I won't give the ending away but I found it to be a complete mess of Instant Kills and QTE's that were Visually Incomprehensable and I was glad when it was all over.  Such a shame that This Game left me with such a bad taste in my proverbial mouth.Regretabbly The Evil Within is also PLAGUED with Technical Issues that have never been resolved. The optimisation is, well, not very good.  Even with the latest and best components overclecked to the max The Evil Within proves to often be a Stuttery, Glitchy mess.  Even with the settings at medium to low there is a Significant Reduction in Frame Rate and animation that seams entirely inexplicable.Equally the Controle System is also plagued with issues, particularly in the combat sections, the controles, whether Keyboard or Joystick, are often a Glitchy, Buggy and Unresponsive mess.  This seems to have been a problem from the Get Go and I do hope they release a patch to deal with it because it could so easily be taken care of with a little tweaking.I give it a Thumbs up because of the Enjoyable First Half and I'm hoping that the DLC will improve my opinion of the Second half somewhat."
,Not Recommended,268050,24855274,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sid,"TL,DR:It's plagued by black bars on screen and a REALLY narrow FOV.I've been playing 3d games since the N64 and have never lost my orientation so easily. I also never experienced motion sickness in a third person game before this.Full-ish review:A maybe great game with an issue.The Evil Within is an interesting game, at least for what I saw of it. But, I only saw a small slice of it - literally.The story had me interested, a nice, pretty gritty horror story. It's somewhere between Allan Wake's action, Resident Evil's pacing and, though only slightly, Silent Hill's creature design. Not a bad start.It's gameplay feels is akin to The Last Of Us or the newer Tombraider games. Third person shooting and stealth. No big suprises here.But, and regretably, the presentation suffers from a fatal flaw. There are black bars on the top and bottom of the screen. Constantly. You can't get rid of them. They're intentional.This severly limits the player's vertical field of view. Adding to that, the horizontal FOV is pretty narrow too. And even worse, you don't have absolute control over the camera. It switches from side to side based on the players movement but there is no way to ""fix"" it to one shoulder of the avatar nor to switch it manually. And, adding yet more insult to injury, it often decides that, well, maybe the thing that should be the focus of your attention right now is the player character, not the environment.A practical example:You move up, through high grass, to an enemy in a village. As you come closer he walks away into a house and you follow for a stealthy kill. You crouch up to the building, leaning against the wall and want to peak through the open door inside.There is no solid cover mechanic, so, trying to be careful you move up to the door along the wall. The camera sways forward so that the right half of the screen is occupied by your character and the wall, the left half of the screen shows the enemy who you followed move just a bit deeper into the room, slowly moving out of sight.Whatever you do next, you are not only losing sight of the enemy, you will in all likelyhood be disoriented.Option 1, do nothing: the enemy moves out of sight completely leaving you guessing and in a rather awkward spot. You could wait for him to maybe reemerge, but that's neither interesing nor does it leave you protected from other enemies around.Option 2, rotate the camera to follow the enemy: as you do this, the view not only rotates but also moves just slighty to the right centering on your character. As you oogle the detailed figure that is your avatar, the already limited window into the room grows smaller. You may, if you're lucky have a small vertical line through which you can still see into the room. Since the viewing angle is getting steeper, this line has only a small chance of still showing the (still moving) enemy.Option 3, go in after the enemy: since you have no way of tracking the enemy further, you decide to head in after him. While your character moves into the doorway he nearly completely blocks your view into the room. The screen is now filled with your character, left and right of him are the outside walls. Only a few steps into the building the camera move in after him and you can make out your surroundings.No matter what you do, you're either going in blind or are left outside not knowing what to do next. All this, while your FOV, both vertically and horizontically, is so limited as to only show your character (and even him being cut of at the bottom)."
,Recommended,268050,23312955,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,MasterYoda,"Definitely a must for horror fans. Ran smooth without any glitch on my i5 and R9 280x. I am not a horror fan but this game gets me hooked for almost 22 hours to complete the game in survival mode. If you like challenge try survival mode.You started off with stealth but then you are forced to use various mechanics(running, burning enemies, etc..) to win the game. ITS NOT A STEALTH GAME. In survival mode, its common to have 3-4 bullets and constantly running out of ammos but the game never betrays you. Upon boss fight, you will always have enough provided you aim meticulously (head, weak points - some enemies have no head). NEVER SPRAY HAHA.This game isnt like the zombies game where you spray and pray, you are the weak one here. Story is ok but the environment is awesome especially last 2 chapters. You will always feel thrilled to proceed because of how little ammo you have. In short, just BUY THE GAME."
,Not Recommended,268050,13834639,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,whynot,"I wanted to like The Evil Within for its terrific art & atmosphere, and am okay with some ofthe gripes summed up by Kotaku(1. accumulation of horror tropes, 2. lack of story development), but yet another ragequit later due to deficient controls and painful environment interaction, I abandon.Why oh why, dear Sebastian-being-chased-by-five-barbedwired-zombies, does button A makes you merrily pick up a random bottle on the floor (and dying from hatchets in the neck) instead of climbing the !@#$ obstacle I want you to climb? Why do you feel so clumsy in your movements? Playing Evil Withing after a fluid TPS experience like Splinter Cell Blacklist or Spec Ops: The Line feels like it's 1996 again. Even Max Payne 3 and its occasional bug was less infuriating.Why, Mikami-san, these unpredictable no-return points forcing me to load a previous save in order to finish exploring a chapter I had barely scratched?Why, Mikami-san, maintaining the crappy tradition of a save system that lets you basically save at any time but in a clunky way, which has neither the convenience of PC-style save-with-a-keypress, nor the immersion factor of no manual saves but more regular save points?I wish masters like Mikami put more effort into evolving their recipe, and I wish Bethesda did more playtesting."
76561197995020656,Recommended,268050,14127030,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,GCE | I am Thor,Seriously. Why don't you own this game? It's 20 bucks...
76561198003434284,Recommended,268050,12752166,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Morte,"The Evil Within is one of the best horror games I've ever played, with a clear emphasis on the word 'games'.No matter how much scarier you think other games might be, the fact remains that this one provides much more variety and depth in its gameplay. Also, it generally does a better job of tying in scares with level design and gameplay mechanics, not to mention that 'scares' alone are highly subjective and rarely a factor in replayability (i.e. you might as well just watch a movie if all you want is to see/hear really creepy stuff).Speaking of subjective factors, I liked the story - even its main protagonist. Yes, there are cheesy moments here and there, but overall it does a good job of ♥♥♥♥ing with your mind and keeping you guessing. And perhaps more importantly, everything is presented in a very polished and atmospheric setting, with plenty of morbid details to keep you immersed and uneasy.It is ultimately a linear experience, but exploration is rewarded with both items and story bits. And as I've already hinted at, this game offers multiple, organic approaches to solving each encounter and is therefore highly replayable, especially in new game+ mode. I rarely felt like there were a fixed number of  options, pre-determined  by the developers. It always felt more like a creative survival effort - tense and satisfying.I don't remember the last time a horror game kept me hooked for more than 7 hours straight, and I have played quite a few of them: the amnesia games, among the sleep, silent hill, resident evil, etc.Of course, there are some issues with the game:-too expensive in my opinion-poorly optimized (especially considering the price they are charging on PC - thankfully most of the issues can be fixed)-low fov-giant black bars-'cinematic' camera angles can mess up your gameplay occasionally-a few crappy encounters with gun-wielding zombies... seriously don't ever do that again"
76561198022418595,Recommended,268050,13369913,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sergeant Dildo,"Pros: Excellent game for survival horror and or action shooter fans. This is the best survival horror game in recent years. It's very gory, and has some really cool enemies and boss fights. Graphics are really good when played at or around 60fps.  Very original story, good voice acting.Cons: Needs a high end GPU and good CPU to achieve 60fps gameplay.Other thoughts: There was a recent 4gb patch that improved my average frame rate by about 10fps. I'm running it on 2 seperate machines. One is an fx 8320 and GTX 970, the other is a fx 6100 with radeon 7950 boost. The 7950 machine now averages 40fps up from 30. The gtx 970 machine averages 55fps up from 45. I'm mentioning this because there were a lot of complaints about frame rates, and some say the graphics aren't good on this game but they are if you can keep the frame rates up.Edit: The game automatically changes to a resolution higher than 1080p almost every time I launch the game. This could be the cause of some peoples frame rate problems. I have to change it back or else the game runs slow."
76561198170084522,Not Recommended,268050,13655369,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,nine9,This games camera angels were horrible it sucks balls loldon't get this game
76561198046738196,Not Recommended,268050,14118420,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Cultist Sex Monkey,I enjoyed this game a fair amount until the release of a recent update which bugged the hell out of the game. I had played the game up to the final chapter with no problems and an update was released between my play sessions and the next time I launched the game all sounds where gone in game. I left the game for a while hopeing an update would fix this and with the most recent update my sound was restored though with a little under five minutes of progress I was greeted with a white screen after a chase sequence. After checking this section on a walkthrough I had found that this was definitley a bug. This leaves me in a postion in which I cannot finish the game which has turned a fairly mediocre experience in to a bad experience.Game play wise I feel that this game tries to use the formula of Resident evil 4 but falls short at trying to recreate the experience.
76561198084537243,Recommended,268050,12745226,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Brotherhood Of The Wolf,"Pc version enables you to select the letter box was removed and the frame is also available in patch 60 frames .. In chapter 3, since it is immersed 1-2 hours ... so much fun the game is going to be right there, I love the survival horror TPS recommendation to purchase, if peculiar story ... impressive. DLC is also an expectation of the woman detective, Shinji Mikami's first game was very fun and hadPc버전은 레터박스도 패치로 제거가능하고 프레임도 60프레임을 선택할수 있게 되었다..  챕터3 이후부터 몰입하다보면 1-2시간은 금방 가는 게임...  그만큼 재미있다,  서바이벌 호러나 TPS를 좋아한다면 구입을 추천한다..  독특한 스토리도 인상적.  여자형사의 DLC도 기대가 된다, 미카미 신지의 게임은 처음이었는데 굉장히 재미있게 했다"
,Not Recommended,268050,14150881,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TFDoom,"Resident Evil 4 is one of my favourite games of all time. I've bought and completed it across 3 different systems - Gamecube, Wii and PC - and, as such, my expectations were set high for Shinji Mikami's spiritual return to an old classic. All I wanted was a competant modern day update of Res 4 and The Evil Within does not even deliver that.On a purely mechanical level, this a porting disaster. I have no issues running recent games but Evil Within is just plain badly coded - I've had dozens of unexplained crashes and graphical artifact issues that persist despite turning all the setting down to low, updating drivers and tweaking the ini and launch options. Shots often fail to do any damage to enemies (incredibly irritating in a game with such a scarcity of ammo). The stealth sections are broken. The character models and animation actually looks worse than PS2 era games. Then they have the cheek to put all of this into a 40GB download! It's clear that Bethesda just plain didn't care.The storyline is a mess that makes no sense. There's no craft put into generating the kind of creeping dread that the Japanese do best. Instead, this goes through a checklist of cliched imagery (aslylums, wheelchairs, spooky forests) and piles on gallons of blood and gore in a way that makes Saw seem subtle and nuanced. I actually enjoyed the hamminess of Resident Evil's dialogue but the Evil Within decides to play it serious and comes across as an even bigger joke. They were aiming for True Detective and ended up with Hammer Horror.This is a sad blemish on an otherwise perfect creator's CV. I wouldn't even recommend it if it was under £5."
76561198159507178,Not Recommended,268050,14153179,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,rioman998,have  a 3 thousand dollar alienware laptop with 32 gigs of ram and 16 gigs of video memory and this game is still not smooth to play dont waste your money terrible game quality slow and laggy
76561197972019865,Recommended,268050,12508374,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,mstangsvtcobra98,"Ok so what we have here is a true survival horror game. Keep in mind I dont have much time to play games these days so Im only on the 3rd chapter. Also I'm not judging this game on technical issues. Its a computer game, console port or not they have bugs and issues, many of which are your substandard PCs fault (:-P) and they will be fixed or there is a way around them. None are game breaking for me and Im fully confident Bethesda will fix most of them. Anyway I've loved survival horror since the 1st time I played Resident Evil 1 on playstation when I was a kid. Back then the hardest thing about finding a true survival horror game was trying to decide which of the many available titles you wanted to spend your B-day money on. Fast forward almost 20 years(dam that long already) and aside from a few unpolished indie titles and the genre is almost dead, what new life emerges(Dead Space 1) is quickly scooped up and assimilated into the Gears of War co-op action clone in order to reach mindless masses incapable of any coeherent thought and unable to use any tactic other then pop up from cover and shoot, shoot, shoot another and another shooting gallery blah blah, but I digress. The Evil Within is what Resident Evil 5 and beyond should have been. It even feels like RE4 but better. Even certiain features like the RE remake for gamecube where you can burn bodies or just decapitate enimies to prevent them from unholy resurection. Exccellent level design, enemy AI, creepy Atmosphere great blend of action, stealth tactics, running hiding it all works great and makes for a fun and intense, and challenging  experience. True survival horror fans should not pass this one up."
76561198002576695,Recommended,268050,13230698,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Snaerzi,2 hours of gaming = 10 years of therapy.10 outta 10
,Recommended,268050,12921620,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Alcor500,"Knock Knock , whos there? A FREAKY AS GAME!!! The evil within is a survival horror game made by the creator of Resident evil himself Shinji Mikami. The game is very sinister and brutaly challenging in its enemys and level design and keeps you at your toes at all time. The game is very scary and brutal and some may call it to disgusting to even look at but that just means that it does its work well.The game playes very much like resident evil 4 and is a combination of ( Resident evil , Silent Hill and saw ). you dont have a lot of ammo or supplys for you to use so you need to think carefully about how you take care of an enemy and make sure to come up with a plan before each encounter. One of the best aspects of the game is that it always keeps you feeling vulnerable to any threat. It does that by always making sure that you are never feeling overpowerd among your enemys and that there are enemys that you cant fight and will just have to run.The game is a great , epic and scary experience for you to enjoy. try it out and i will bet that you will feel scared or uncomfortable"
,Recommended,268050,13188714,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ok,Resident Evil 4 2
76561198008246462,Recommended,268050,13224634,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Painkiller,"First of all, let me apologise for the some of grammar mistakes since english is not my native language.When i first saw ""The Evil Within"" trailer i was both psyched and amazed by its sheer horror and gore. When i bought it on Exploration sale soon after came a bit of disappoitment, just because i was let to believe i will play a true (RE1 style) survival horror with scary monsters, a lot of jump scares and a shortage of ammunution or things that can aid you, instead i got the watered-down story, a lot of action scenes(Chuck Norris should learn a thing or two from Sebastian) and a plenty of shooting. Dont get me wrong, the monsters are scaryLaura especiallybut the abudance of ammo will not keep you on your toes all the time, and it has the same RE4,5,6 recipe:you start with small monsters, then they get bigger and bigger and in the end you have a massive giant half-of-the-city big brain-spider-whatever monster, the pattern always stays the same with Shinji. I played the game through for one reason, and one reason only.SPOILER:So i could play it again with all the weapons and upgraded stats.All in all, this game is good, i squeezed around 20 Hrs from it, and i will squeeze more. But the price is too steep for something we allready saw, only with different characters(RE4,5,6)even some monsters have the same principle, and this game is something to get on the next sale(Believe me it will be on sale again)."
,Recommended,268050,34524554,Posted: 27 August,all,KhajiitHazWares,98/100 ENOUGH SAID IF YOU LIKE HORROR MOVIES THEN THIS IS YOUR GAME GO AND GET IT. QUICKLY BECAME ONE MY FAVORITES.
76561198112718751,Recommended,268050,22987747,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,VilexPlague,"I reccomend this game if you're a ♥♥♥♥♥ for graphics (which I'm sadly not), want something similar to some early resident evil games (if your computer is an average one not meant for overkilled resolution) and are easily scared. Then again, the game is fun, but only if you've got a really good computer. However, if you want something similar, but is easier to run... and aren't a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, I highly suggest you try playing Outlast (even if it has a few stupid jumpscares). Now, if not for the lag, I might actually make some progress, but thanks to the ridiculous amount of overly done graphics, I can't move without feeling like I'm in a world of slow motion...but I digress. The game is good, but play at high quality if you're a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ with a really good computer."
,Not Recommended,268050,29913504,Posted: 13 February,all,stratodyne,"This game is nothing but a series of bad design decisions, coupled with an awful story that's about as coherent as spaghetti flung onto a wall to form hieroglyphics that will be translated to English after several thousand years of decay.Bad gameplay mechanics, bad level design, and bad controls make this game an absolute chore to play on any difficultly level. Steer clear of this game."
,Recommended,268050,14121340,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Double Double XL,Buy lots of underpants. 1000/20
,Not Recommended,268050,18652328,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,inkh,"It's possible this game just isn't for me.It felt like linear AAA hand holding experience, where the director now whats you to go here ..  And now the director wants you to hit A, now you have to do the stealth sequence because that hasn't been done to death since Metal Tenchu Gear Assassins Solid.To me it just lacked game.  There are times I stopped to text friends because I already knew what the director wanted me to do.  ""Wait here while the super mob walks in a four grid pattern for your turn to run"".  Hit CTRL to climb this ladder.It tries to make you feel helpless but it just never suspends reality for me.  Immersion was broken for me when they didn't let me keep the knife that I cut myself down with and let me just stab the chainsaw guy in the back.  Because thereafter I was just thinking ""If I were here, I would have just stabbed this guy in the back and none of this would have happened""Also ..  ""Throw a bottle to get his attention?"" he's a groaning mob in a gimp mask with a running chainsaw.I understand this is just a game mechanic ..  But it's stupid, because why didn't I just tip some boxes over to lead him places ?  Why didn't I just close a door really loudly to get his attention?And then I have to remember, ""Because that's part of the game's story ..  The protagonist didn't think of that until much later"".  But because of that ..  Nothing in the game matters to me.  It's the protagonists fault for not just stabbing the lunatic who he witness tear a person in half right before him in the beginning of the game.  And if the protagonist dies, it feels justified.Which is why it doesn't feel like a game ..  It's more like ..  Virtual Acting.There's a stage, extras, and a director.If you fail to do what the director tells you to do with context clues.You have to start over.Voice Acting is top notch.Directing and graphics are gorgeous especially on highest settings... Buggy, I ran into a few bugs but ..  Whatever, it didn't detract from the lack of experience.Also ..  The bad guy you first see(which i assume is our main antagonist), is a blink/teleporting guy with a knife.  It looked more cool than scary."
76561198037108407,Not Recommended,268050,35230850,Posted: 26 September,all,Hubert Cumberdale,"It's almost comical when one single aspect of the game can ruin the experience completely.. Running, my dude's handicapped, can't sprint for more than 4-5 seconds before he needs a 3-4 second break in the middle of the chaos. what a joke."
,Recommended,268050,22866688,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DEADSHOT,A true horror masterpiece ever created love it.
,Recommended,268050,12576967,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Carium,"Confused, well if you have a decimal of a brain you can figure out the plot, its an interesting concept as well as an intense adventure. You are Sebasian Casellanos a gritty, no-nonsense, detective, whom after killing endless hordes of monsters still asks the question ""what's going here?"" or ""I must be losing my mind"" ya think, ya think Sebasian? Anyways as ridiculous some parts there are many instances that make up for this madness. For example the tense combat situations where you're trying to aim at a monster and it darts towards while his friend sneaks up from behind and chainsaws you to death. Not to mention the sccarsity of ammo and punishments of using said ammo.This game itself i fun, not really rewarding when you defeat a deformed boss... that takes you 3 hours to kill, but fun never the less. Easily the best trip down old school lane where zombies weren't the jokes of the apocolypse."
76561198063453302,Recommended,268050,12587709,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,NicelyPut,"It's a terrible port but overall I really enjoyed the game still, it's a really fun action survival horror game that keeps you on your toes throughout the whole game. I didn't mind getting it but for everyone else if you're hesitant to buy it, wait for a sale instead."
,Recommended,268050,12517615,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,UnholyWar,"Honestly, I am really enjoying this game! The whole thing about 30fps... who cares.. runs fine and actually looks pretty good (some of the character visuals... ehhh, but whatever.) The story is not suppose to make complete sense. That is what is different about this game. Did ALL of the Silent Hill games make 100% sense... Nope, not at all.... until the end of the game though.... And that is what i feel this game is setting up. I feel like the story and components will be explained throughout the end of the game. At least it is not like Destiny and have ABSOLUTELY NO STORYLINE or anything explained unless you READ about it on their website, LIKE WTF??????The ony downside of this game (ON PC ONLY) is the borders; wouldn't matter if it was on a console playing on a 50in TV.... lol)..... I really didn't like them at first, but now I am getting use to them and now they starting to make sense and feel like I am actually controlling a character in a movie.I will make an EDIT to this review as i play more, but so far... I LOVE IT!-PC Specs-Mobo- Asus Sabertooth 990fx r2.0CPU- AMD FX-8350 Vishera eight core Black Edition (4.1ghz Turbo)GPU- Asus GTX770 2GB (upgrading soon, maybe a GTX980?)Monitor- Asus 24in FULL HD 144hz"
,Recommended,268050,12524037,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,neo.soul,"Fans of Shinji Mikami rejoice as this is the Resident Evil you wanted (not 6!). Instant kill bosses, varied and hard enemy fodder and limited ammunition. These aren't the slow-poke enemies like before, so to help, the game gives you the ability to sneak, distract and assasinate (up close, with some enemies only).The issue with the game is technical, for PC standards. First the splash video crashes the game which you can fix with launch options and the fps is limited to 30.The PC master race does not approve of a fps cap (after all, we spent a boat load on our pcs to avoid that crap cap!).Most of these can fixed with these launch options:+com_skipIntroVideo 1 +r_swapinterval -1But then you run into heavy optimization issues with stuttering etc... but I don't believe that should deter you from the game. If you like Outlast and especially earlier resident evils, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,268050,12525388,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,WOAH!,"9/10- ""One of the most gruesome and entertaining games I have played in a while""If Resident Evil 4 and The Last of Us had a baby, this would be the outcome. Though not terribly scary (a few jump scares here and there), this game is twisted and probably some of the most gruesome things I have ever witnessed in a survival horror game. The atmosphere is perfect and will engage the player more. I highly recommend playing with headphones and lights off for the full effect. This game has surpassed my expecationt by a long run and to me, is something I would replay to collect all the lore-filled items."
,Recommended,268050,12561115,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Dauen,"Going to keep this simple;Scary? No.Survival horror? Debatable (in my opinion; No.)Action horror? Yes, though the action is limited most the game.NOTE TO ALL PC GAMERS; GOOGLE HOW TO DEBUG AND SET FRAMERATE TO 60.Horror positives:Loooads of different character designsLoooads of atmospheresLoooads of conceptsTook me 13 hours and 45 minutes to beat on normalHorror negatives:Not very story-rich/Unanswered side-questionsBad segways from chapter to chapterIf you run out of stamina, you will stop dead and probably be killedEssentially, this is the dubstep remix to Resident Evil 4. As for the game itself, it's incredible as ""a game"", but as far as ""horror games"" or ""survival horror"", I wanted so bad to like it, but it doesn't quite make my list of favorite horror titles. It had the potential to go all the way, but around chapter 13, I was just ready for it to end. It's biggest downfall for me was the story, or lack-of. All in all, give it a shot, especially if you can get it on sale.To put it in prospecitve, it's better than Resident Evil 6, but not as good as The Last of Us. Despite my complaints, still a pretty damn good project."
76561198005819460,Recommended,268050,12560676,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,DivinationX,"Definitely a challenging game that relies more on tactics of avoidance rather than brute strenght.  Mimics ""The Last OF US"" in gameplay and movement control.  Will also say it is not for the faint of heart, and it hits the maximum limit of gore and intense horror.  Overall it is a game to own but too bad there is not a multiplayer option for campaign and against one another."
,Recommended,268050,12577744,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Fuwafuwaru,"This game is pretty much just the full version of the old RE:4 ""hanged man"" trailer. If you like RE:4 you will like this. It feels very much like the spiritual successor that it is.Something to note: if you use console commands to unlock 60fps then you will invalidate your ability to gain steam achievements."
,Recommended,268050,12544206,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Kobolt,"I'd give this game an A- on a letter scale. Evil Within Was a great game. Played fine, and had no hiccups at all. the story is reminesant of early resident evil and silent hill games, in which it's up to you weither you want to persue the story and connext the strings.. the character is a little cold, but understandably allowed to be cynical, given his reasions( Which you find out in the game). one thing I enjoy about the game is that it told a story that made me want to know more. it was subliminal writing that left you with a feeling that after finishing this story. This game leaves you in a sense of unoknow. no sense of direction as your pulled between realms of reality and nightmare."
76561198032797891,Not Recommended,268050,20198728,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SerbianPatriot,"First hour of this game was great,straight up survival horror but that's it. After that you have just shooting, was so boring"
76561197969301912,Not Recommended,268050,20160746,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mr_Holaa(Fin),"First impression, graphics are great.Second impression, no build up of tension.. supernatural chainsaw monster chasing u litteraly 3 min into the game.Third impression, SCREAMING CONSOLE PORT! mouse wheel not working.. googled it.. everyone said been there for 6 months, just deal with it... great developers.....did I just download 60 gb for this..?"
,Recommended,268050,24070580,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BARON-VON-EVIL-SATAN,"The Evil Within is a good mix of fight and flight. Sections of the game compel a player to save their ammo and take a more sneaky approach, though being sneaky at a certain point get's incredibly difficult and sometimes forces a player to fight regardless. Regardless, the game has an incredible atmosphere and very good ways to make a player jump out of their skin (like let's say an enemy not being a dumbass and finding you hidden under a bed and dragging you out from it). While the fighting portions sort of lose their luster after the first few mob-like fight scenes, the low-key sections of the game that require more thinking and precision manage to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you - and that's something many ""horror"" games have failed to do lately without flashing the player with progressively ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ jump scares.With or without the DLC The Evil Within is brilliant horror game. 10/10Pros: Compelling story, immersive atmosphere, scary without constantly relying on jump scares A+, you can actually fight like a real person would in this situationCons: Running out of ammo can really ♥♥♥♥ you over, stealth system breaks down, repetitive ""bosses"", Where is Joseph, controls are occasionally wonky,"
76561198148297899,Recommended,268050,24072897,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,BloodHabbit,I just beat the game VERY FUNProsVery balanced zombiesFun gameplaygood storyconsBosses sometimes hard if first timeAmmo somethimes is very scarce
76561198025605796,Recommended,268050,24283500,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ochavez0912,"The Evil Within is a mixed bag, depending on what you expect.The story, while interesting, tries a tad too hard to stay complex and mysterious. Several hours in, I have a broad view of what is going on, but in the overall sense, I don't have the foggiest of what my goal is, or what is going on. Characters abound, but most have brief appearances and outside of some minor dialogue, they contribute little to the story.From the graphic standpoint, the game is beautiful looking. Locales are varied and go from oppresive linear corridors, and derelict buildings, to open ruined towns. The ambience, fog, darkness, all contrbute to create a somber, and tense atmosphere. The creature design is well done. Common enemies have varied designs, and minor changes to keep them from looking repetitive. And ""bosses"" are impressive on their own right.The gameplay is primarily a stealth survival game. As a result, stealth kills are included, and for the most part, areas offer several paths to approach enemies and get the best angle. In addition, noise can be used to lure them to specific areas, and even into traps. Traps however (more specifically explosive ones), while they can dishout a ridiculous amount of damage to the player, seem to not do the same for mobs. Common enemies are tough. And can dish a lot of damage alone, and take the same amount of punishment. Bars, spears, and floor traps, on the other hand can insta kill lesser mobs. There are also areas where the player needs to fight swarms of enemies, and a wide array of weapons help the process.There is also an upgrade system, that while I am not a big fan of, was added in a clever way. This will allow the player to boost health, stamina, melee damage, gun damage, explosives, stock, etc etc.All these, contribute to make the game good.What keeps it from being great, (at least so far) is the ""hero"" himself. Sebastian Castellanos is an unremarkable tool. He has the level of expression of a 2 by 4. He falls into a poll of blood, and expresses the same amount of distress as if getting a stain of mustard on his least liked shirt. And how he made it to detective is beyond me, because this a-hole does not question squat. In a segment a character than seems to have a deep insight of what is going on (as the NPC keeps talking to himself about recognizing many of the clues given by the story), Castellanos stands looking blankly wondering why Turkey's waddles hang to the left rather than the right.From a gameplay point, he is the epitome of being a weakass. Initially he can barely keep up a sprinting speed for over 3 seconds. His aiming is awful. I have played numerous FPS, and over the shoulder view games, and by far, Castellanos is the worse offender of all. His aiming is slow, and somehow feels like waddling. Even at higher sensitivities, the aiming speed does not change greatly. Which is frustrating to keep from being mobbed in the areas where you need to shoot swarms of enemies. Enemies are an oddity in firefight segments. While charging speeds tend to make their movement erratic (preventing from scoring a headshot) sometimes, they will simply stand doing nothing UNTIL aimed at. At that point in time, they become active and bullets will fly hitting nothing. I just got to an area where I have been given a rifle with a scope, I can only wonder how that is going to work with Castellanos mental retardation when it comes to fine aiming.So, do I recommend The Evil Within?. Yeah, it is a good game. It does the job. Jump scares are minimal and relies strongly in its ambience to create an oppressive feeling. That it nails. So, if you can see past Castellanos many failings then you will have, a mostly, frustration free experience.A little nitpick at the game, is the random FPS drops that occur from time to time, without rhyme or reason."
76561198010604176,Not Recommended,268050,15190015,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Skullpel,I think the trailer promised more than the game keeps. It's like another version of Resident Evil. Perhaps I've played already to many Horror Survival games :-). 8/10
,Not Recommended,268050,14054672,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,urkel,"A try-and-fail game. You will have to repeat several times until you memorize all the enemies and dangers to avoid  them... The game could be saved if there was some sort of detection system similar to the ""The Last Of Us"" or ""Shadows Of Mordor"", there is no excuse not to do it, since you power-up entering in a parallel dimension...What I can't forgive are the traps and bombs that appear from nowhere. As a game developer I just imagine the dev team saying: ""Hey, the game is only 10 hours long... put some random traps to kill the player and make it longer"". It's just a lazy, lazy decision... I want to think that this decision comes from execs, because if it comes from the lead game designer I won't buy any future game from him."
76561198112395711,Recommended,268050,29764889,Posted: 7 February,all,小红帽,"very good, but there,s  no chinese subtitle ,so pity!"
76561198127286132,Not Recommended,268050,16445506,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Zenogias,"Here the first thumb down for this gameI expect some improvement after DLC but it's not much good at all how about all DLC price is about 10$ this is totally worth your work.OK,Let's begin my review about this game.I gave this game 6 / 10 since2 negative points from 10 because the story representationListen,I bought the game because I want to play and watch not reading.I did not buy this game to read a novel and beyond that your document in the game is totally mess.I expected it would has a depth in the story but no,not at allWhy do you represent many parts of the story from1.Tape record ,Is there someone is like to record their story by their voice in a tape ? Ridiculous2.document ,Is there someone in real life write that much detail about their life,their thoughts in paper ? RidiculousThis is a horror game not Dishonored nor The elder scroll series.Have you ever think that this is not the same game as you used to create them.Represent story with movie not your damn sheet and tape record.-2 storyBecause your story did not make sense at all.Many people expected this game is about supernature-power but in the end it's a sciene fiction.Do you really think that your team have that much potential to write a science fiction ?I mean no offense but this is your big mistake.I respect your skill when you create the story from TES but this is not phantasy world which you can put whatever you want in to the game.About wireless brainwave ? man that's psycho power not a science fiction anymore .Have you really graduated from high rank education institute ?got to be joking.Your brain react with some wave which work as a wireless medium ?,Man you are really fail about how network in real life works.First thing ,any data need encrytion and decryption however you can send a wireless signal to anyone's brain I don't know but even you can it's unable to affect anyone because the receiver don't have and don't know how to decrypt to code.Do you really think that the brain could react with some kind of wave ?It's impossible.If your brain can really do that you would hear everything which was send from electronic wave.But you did not and never because your brain can not react with or receive any waveit's your ears,eyes that sense it.If you did not have any decryption machine and plug it into the nervous system directly.it's totally impossible.Another thing that you really mess up is the jokesYes,your damn joke ruined horror experience a lot I bought a horror game to watch the scary scene but you always put a joke as an easter egg a lot and it's not fun at all for a horror gameok that's the end of the bad point of this game.Here is some strong point of this game.Graphic is rather good ,I can give you 8-9 from 10 with this quality I would ignore some minor point about your flim strip and grain.The graphic is done rather well.Horror is very strong but the game play is not much good.It's very horror when you first encounter some type of the enemy but that' that.When you know how to fight.The horror has totally gone.Cross bow is too powerful and it's ruin immersion a lot.Why there is a bolt which you can frost the enemies ?How could you use a bolt that emit the electric and shock your enemies in real life ?It's understandable that the story make this world is not a real one.But that does not mean you can have everything you would like to let it has.This is a horror game we depend of bullets not your fantasy bolt from dishonored.The bosses are really boring ,just fire a frost or shock bolt and gave them everything you have that's all.Because he is a sitting duck now.Over all it's a good horror game but the story ruin everything.it's worth about 25$ at most this included DLC.I am lucky that I bought this game just about 20$,so I don't hurt much.About the DLCI adviced you not to buy the DLC the playhours is just about 3-4 hours for each one.It's not worth at all.The DLC sneak mode is very clumsy you sneak behind the environment to get pass but you can not round the corner.You have to exit sneak mode which give you some delay and you gon na died for that."
,Not Recommended,268050,16376632,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mavloc,"From my first hour of play, this is what I can tell you.The main villain is some supernatural teleporting killer.The entire city is shifted around and destroyed, and the entire world doesn't seem to notice.After escaping the first ""bad guy"" with a gimp leg, i can magically run on 2 feet again.One of my ""friends"" who is driving an ambulance magically contracts some superbug that instantly turns him intoa zombie.I am suppose to collect jars of green slime which grant me experience for no apparent reason.I am suppose to light dead bodies on fire with matches for no apparent reasonNothing is explained in this game.The storywriting and plot is absolutely terribleNothing is scary and im given no options or paths to take in the game. It's essentially a movie where the game forces you into these anti-climatic scare scenes that dont even seem real in the slightest.Going to keep playing, but damn am I dissappointed in this game."
,Not Recommended,268050,17157678,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Cogaligus,This game is pure and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198034311719,Not Recommended,268050,25071049,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,drakeshound,"Could have been nice and creepy, but was just plain meh. Only got a little ways into it before the clunky controls and non-sensical stealth made it too annoying. Scroll doesn't work...wtf....had to look up the collected documents online just to have some background story. Overall not recommending to anyone unless they are more patient than me with the illogical control and character interactions."
,Not Recommended,268050,24854332,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Meekay,"broken...unplayable..........dont bother, buy it on xbox or playstation, as this version just doesnt work.......brilliant game though, too hard however :( far too stealthy"
,Not Recommended,268050,16286089,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Wolfs Blood,"Well I can't get this game to work for the life of me.A shame too since it seemed fun for the hour i was in,the other hour was trying to play it without crashing aroundChapter 2."
76561198006396217,Not Recommended,268050,15318795,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Itching_fingers,"Screw the money. I can't play no more. Screw the ending, it can't be good with such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plot. Screw console graphics and console controls."
76561198125418485,Not Recommended,268050,28929999,Posted: 1 January,all,Tacitus,"If you like dieing a lot and starting all over for cetain parts of the game this is for you. After awhile it's not a fun immersive horror game. Just a chore to do a certain challenge exactly a certain way or you die, sort of like mario. Also there is a lack of checkpoints so it feels like playing skyrim for an hour but you die, but find out it didn't save. Can't tell you how many times I died to get past this one spot just to feel disappointed at the end when you get no reward or just another challenge to die more times. Glad I got the game for $6. Lack of innivative controls and game mechanics make it stupid. The story and characters are good though. Fun in the beginning, but starts to decline as you get used to dieing... a lot."
76561198002184914,Recommended,268050,24635296,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Curry,"The Good=======- Punchy weapons with satisfying feedback.- Highly replayable after you get a hang of the mechanics.- Great environment design and lighting.- Upgrade system is rewarding.- Even frame-pacing.The Bad======- Chapters are unconnected set pieces. It felt like the developers made a lot of unrelated gameplay scenarios in a vacuum and stitched them together via a dream plot.- Boss encounters have little to no buildup.- Like modern RE games, it is not very scary or dread-inducing.- 30fps even on good hardware."
,Not Recommended,268050,29859866,Posted: 11 February,all,Blinky Dorf,"The Evil Within tries very hard to be Silent Hill, but plays like a Resident Evil. I know I only have six hours of play time, but hear me out. I couldn't bring myself to finish it, it was so frustrating.Pros:-Looks great. Awesome visuals, monsters and level themes.-Sounds pretty good. Really gritty, crunchy, gut-wrenching sounds and visceral combat effects.-Story is interesting, but doesn't really hook you with anything that you want to figure out. It's more a collectible hunt than a narrative mystery.-Melee combat is hectic and satisfying, and ranged combat is kept as a last resort with limited ammo.Cons:-The writing is medicore at best. None of the characters are interesting, the dialogue is questionable and the in-game journals look like they were written by a high-schooler.-The crossbow has an effective range of three feet. When the primary ammunition is explosive, you're usually better off firing it ahead of you and using it like a land mine.-Stealth is broken, in the sense that it only works half the time. There are several scripted encounters where the enemies will react to your presence whether or not you are sneaking, and they are surrounded by other enemies that you can sneak around. In fact,one enemy is laying on the ground, dead, and when you get near it, it gets up and pulls a lever, filling the hallway with spikes. It doesn't care if you're sneaking or not, it just magically knows you're there.it's completely impossible to tell who will immediately attack you and who can be avoided.-Enemies are inconsisent. When you first encounter an enemy, he's invincible and it's clear you're not supposed to fight him. The next time you find him, you're supposed to fight him. Or you'll find a special monster surrounded by ammo, and it will stagger and collapse when you attack it, but it's actually invincible and you're supposed to run away.-Navigation and camera work are abysmal. I've spent more than one fight with the camera literally INSIDE my butt, and I've had to shuffle along fences trying to find a break in the invisible wall to hop over a two foot obstacle.-The ""puzzles"" are an insult to your intelligence. Skyrim had more challenging puzzles.TL:DR-Looks good-Sounds good-Plays okay-Don't bother with the story-Worth it on sale"
76561198103450237,Recommended,268050,24324010,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,EYE TeaBag U,"Positively creepy. Get ready to die....A LOT...but, just accept it and you'll have a good time. Good mechanics with decent graphics and gameplay."
76561198043022382,Recommended,268050,20021699,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SmallBozrah,"Good game, enjoyed playing though and never got bord. Only thing i disliked is alot of NPC can kill you in one hit."
76561197983681400,Recommended,268050,20023597,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,mwebby,resident evil but goodwell worth the price .. if you see it on sale buy it !looking through the negitive reviews seems most complane about poor performancemy advice load the demo to see if your computer can copei had no problems what so ever
,Recommended,268050,20358227,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ｎｏｓｔａｌｇｉｃ,"Dont judge my playtime, i dont dare to play."
,Recommended,268050,19716385,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Camosaurus,*starts game**cinematic walkabout intro**everything gets (#$&#%@**game starts**O_O;;**exit*10/10 cuz im still scared. hold me...(This ain't no Resident Evil 6.)(full review coming after I do finish the game)
76561198047298783,Recommended,268050,19717138,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Big Yellow,"Inception on meth.This game looks amazing and its brutally hard to the point it makes this game scary. This is one of the craziest games I have ever played and actually surpasses Resident Evil games.One of the best Besthedia games, 1,000,000x more fun then Wolfenstein and more fun than Fallout 4 and Skyrim, although maybe not as good as Oblivion (one of the best games ever made)."
,Recommended,268050,20113212,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Heichukar,one of the most terrifying games ever. Its been while since something got me this scared as this game!
,Recommended,268050,20444425,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,zim,<3 love it nohomo
,Recommended,268050,19525558,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nara-,"It is little bit lag although i already decrease the quality , but the graphic is good . well , majority it is POSITIVE !"
76561198107075061,Recommended,268050,20103362,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DILWALE_BEAST,awesome awesome & awesome........
,Recommended,268050,15071879,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Suhail,I love it ... cuz the horror in side the game like in realy dreams :D
,Recommended,268050,20513899,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mini Dew,"The bloodiest game ever made, unless you count Cabbage Patch Kids: Adventure in the ParkSPOILER (somewhat): Begin in a hospital, suddenly knocked unconsious, wake up upside down, cut yourself down with conveniently placed knife in some dead guy's back, run away from masked chainsaw-weilding giant who looks like Jason Voorhees, fall down a slide covered in blood, and dive into a pool of blood, then get out completely dry with a hurt leg9/10, not enough blood in my opinion"
,Not Recommended,268050,33537134,Posted: 14 July,all,-=HATE=- Leviathan,"The game looks like it would be interesting, but unfortunately I, like many other people, got violently ill from the built in camera / headbob issue. Developers are not interested in allowing us to disable this, and I couldn't find a real way around it after doing some research. I'm sure the game is fun if you're not the kind of person that suffers from motion sickness like I do, but since I do, I can't recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,268050,13105065,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jimmy Stretcher,The Evil Crashgame Within....
,Recommended,268050,15975520,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Bongkok,9.5/10 Badass Game so GORE
76561198255512350,Recommended,268050,25367735,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,dx12122008,one of the games that deserve to play ...
76561198019227338,Recommended,268050,34538613,Posted: 27 August,all,Alice Dippleblack,"While it's on sale for 4.99 or cheaper, yes. Otherwise no. The game tries very hard to recapture what we all loved in Resident Evil 4, to the point of copying many elements directly. From the over the shoulder camera, trip wire traps, strangely coordinated and yet not so enemies, The Evil Within really wants to be another RE4, but unpolished combat mechanics, a limited and unengaging story and characters, along with a fairly unimpressive weapon selection keep this game from achieving much more beyond polite applause."
,Recommended,268050,28114270,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kughyle,Trippy version of Resident Evil 4
,Recommended,268050,12507820,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,StonerG,"i dont know wassup with all these comments about the fps, this game is supposed to be scary and difficult so there is really no need of high fps.I havent even gotten to half of the game and i think it fits the horror section, at first i thought they needed to add more weapons and accesories but then i realized that it fits the story.ofcourse this game could've came out better with more stuff to do than just sneak around and try to survive, i would've loved it if it had more stuff like re5, but then that also would've left no other horror games for the future lol.Im liking the story so far, it makes me feel like im playin the main in character in a horror movie. pretty nice legit gamePS: i hope they will be another like re5 game soon."
,Recommended,268050,12717271,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dehumanizer,Story doesnt make sense but the game kicks♥♥♥♥♥and is a true successor to RE4. If you loved RE4 than you will love this game
,Recommended,268050,12734057,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,jcm,"Essentially Resident Evil 4.5: More survival than horror and a lot of action but paired with a moderately high difficulty.As much 'classic' survival horror as you're gonna get these days AAA-wise.Bland story and characters but it's not like that has ever been Mikami's priority.Excellent gunplayThe performance problems are a shame, especially considering this runs on idTech5, an engine that was pretty much built for 60fps.Definitely worth buying for survival horror fans. Otherwise, I suggest waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,268050,12826754,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,DXecution,"Besides the problem id-tech 5 engine is not optimal, this game is quite a treat longing survival horror game by Shinji Mikami. The game is fun, I can judge better after repeating the game with a level of difficulty nighmare."
76561197992790757,Not Recommended,268050,13285959,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,newhouse.d,Love the game but it crashes every 5 minutes : (
,Not Recommended,268050,13618839,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,LOUD MOUTH LARRY,"Do not get this game.Let me preface this review first by saying that if I could get my money back on this game, I would. The Evil Within is another game that is trying to hop on the ""survival horror"" Zeitgiest that has been happening lately- and it falls flat on its face trying to do so. The many different play styles that this game tries to iencompass feels blocky and out of place. This is first experienced within the introduction level of the game, which in my opinion feels almost exactly like an Outlast clone, locker hiding included! During this short first level, you are chased by an angry juggernaught that you have no defenses against- oh, and you're limping as well. Not only is this extremely unforgiving and repetitive (you will die and repeat, trust me.) gameplay, it is totally misleading as to what the rest of the game intales. During the level transition cut scene, the game pushes into a Silent Hill-esque world with morphing, hostile, geography; But instead of instilling feelings of mystery and fear of the unknown and changing world like silent hill did, it leaves the player confused and a little annoyed by the abrupt shoe-in of this feature.The second level is quite a difference experience. You're given your first weapon and are basically sent out into the woods without much direction or goal (think resident evil 4 sans clarity and fun). Once again overcruelty to the player entails with near invincible enemies and almost invisible traps. Your weapon becomes basically pointless as you are given very little ammunition to work with and are drowned in bullet-sponge enemies that can revive; that is unless you burn them with matches- which are also extremely finite within the world. Your only option at this point is to sneak around enemies, but due to thier sixth-sense detection systems and sheer multitude of them, this slows the game to a crawling speed that makes the game tedious and repetitive.In conclusion, this game tries to blend Resident Evil 4 with Outlast and Silent HIll in the hopes of making a truly terrifying experience, but the only thing terrifying about the game is how badly put together it is, that and the hilarious amount of edgieness that they tried to cram into every nook and cranny. Do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,268050,13696954,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,D-Paul,"I was looking for a good way to spend my time off of work with a nice survival horror game. Instead what I got was a clunky piece of garbage. The first chapter alone made me rip my hair out in frustration trying to control the sluggish-two-step-behind camera. After a few failed atempts at stealth, followed by a failure to effectively use the horrible controls, I decided screw it I'm just going to run through. Ran directly into the enemy, got hit twice, and escaped with ease. This is not the horror game you are looking for. It is an action game painted to be a horror game. Horror seems to be a genre that is all but dead in todays game market. This game falls directly in line with the newer Resident Evil's, and Dead Space. The Evil Within does not even pass as a polished turd of a PC port. My PC specs exceeds the recommended requirements, but is still full of choppy scenes, and graphics being over-layed mid way through a cut scene (or gameplay). 0/10"
,Recommended,268050,12864707,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Raging_B0n3R™,nice game recomended buy
,Recommended,268050,13014714,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[HxC]DuckSauce,Resident Evil 4 gameplay mixed with the survival/atmospheric horror of the classics.  Need I say more?
,Not Recommended,268050,13220218,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Guanjyn,Resident Evil 4 without the fun.
,Recommended,268050,13573979,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Cubeydoom,It's great game :)
76561198042539230,Not Recommended,268050,14121253,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Midori,"Couldn't hold my interest. nothing like the new RE games...  get it on sale, otherwise pass."
76561198055345089,Not Recommended,268050,14289500,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Make Me A Pretty Salad,"Eh.  I'll finish it eventually...probably... but Resident Evil 4 it ain't.It seems games can't scare me anymore, with the exception of jump scares, which don't really count.  Well, this one can't, anyway, which leaves it without much to stand on, gameplay wise.  Too slow-paced."
76561197970954661,Not Recommended,268050,13220882,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,farmert,"Not scary.  Sucks, especially if you are a keyboard/mouse user.  Point of view is terrible and only gives you so much ability to see you around you.  Too slow when you need to be fast.  It's actually so bad, I wrote this review."
,Not Recommended,268050,13321354,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,galvanic,Survival horror isn't very fun when your main antagonists are clunky controls and a misbehaving camera.
76561198078400751,Not Recommended,268050,13624375,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Omega,The lag cannot be fixed and it in unplayable.I can't believe i wasted money on this game...
,Not Recommended,268050,13671301,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,EnjoyCoke,"Brutal and punishing. I turned off every help and guideline and couldn't make it past the first encounter.Trying to open that door? ""Better hide"".But there's no hiding spot, and spamming E at any crate or door/ shelf does nothing. So after my 4th death as the crazy chainsaw dude came in I decided that I'm too old for video games like this.10/10 wish I hadn't spent money on this, but holyshit about ♥♥♥♥ing time a game punishes the player for not knowing what the ♥♥♥♥ to do.8/10♥♥♥♥♥♥still lights up as christmas tress to show you that they're pick-up-able, even if you turn off all help.That combined with the creepy-as-♥♥♥♥ glitches right from the first minute, where lamps are floating until you touch them, I'd say this game gets back up on a 9/10.But then the big♥♥♥♥♥chainsaw guy comes in. And right before you have to hold down E to look at him, as if the sound of his chainsaw and odd grunts weren't enough.Back to a 7/10, realising this.The game force-holds my hands, even when I tell it to stop. But refuses to give any hint to what crate or shelf I can hide in to avoid the ultra-obvious ""hide-or-die""-encounter. Up until then there was no doubt where I had to go. Back to a 4/10 for failed attempt at helping, and failing at helping when needed (if you're going to treat me like a kindergarten kid, don't let me run in front of the bus, okay?)2/10 glitchy, stupid, console-game that failed in its conversion. Played three or so minutes, died five times with 100% clue as of what I need to do (even before the short 'hold-down-E-to-figure-out-danger-is-coming' bull!/#&! was coming), but with no way of telling how to do it. I'm done with this game and I want my money back. Piracy lives because of stuff like this - because paying for bad games is stupid."
76561198109897679,Not Recommended,268050,14147046,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DreamsOfElectricSheep,"I would recommend not.  I bought it thinking that it might be close to how Resident Evil used to be or, dreaming really big, close to Silent Hill 2, but was sadly disappointed.  It is closer to Saw 3 meets Metal Gear.  And more to that, as I was playing, I felt meself thinking more as a developer than as a player (okay, so now I've done this, what is the next step I have to do, rather than becoming emersed in the play).  The long death scenes add nothing IMO.  I was not a fan of the menu system either and the game had no real clear show of what the sensibilities are (how to interact in/with the environment was not intuitive).If you want a gory stealth game, have at it.  You'll probably find the interface lacking (menues in particular), but if you can get past that, by all means.  Defininately on the bottom of my 'to be completed' list."
,Recommended,268050,14349926,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Meow XD,a good classic survival horror game
,Recommended,268050,12907785,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"The first thing I will admit in my review is that The Evil Within is not a perfect game and it is not everyone's cup of tea. I loved Resident Evil 4 and grew up with the Resident Evil series. Anyone who did so as well will most likely fall in love with this game. Shinji is being a Hideo Kojima all over this game with the subtle and not so subtle remarks to his other works and it feels like he is genuinely having fun with the horror genre. The Evil Within barely gave me any scares but I was invested initially until I got confused and angry at the story and eventually decided on my own that this is THE ""Cabin in the woods"" of video games. What do I mean? This game has every horror cliche and/or horror enemy. You've got your Pyramid Head, you've got your ghosts stories and zombies... etc. all playable in the exact same way Resident Evil 4 was played. I had lots of fun playing The Evil Within but I repeat, it is not a perfect game and it is not worth nitpicking the details becasue when I go to this game, I just turn off my brain and have mindless fun.Looking forward to the DLCsFor a more detailed review, check out the bloghttp://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2015/10/the-evil-within.html"
,Recommended,268050,12935886,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Salmanz,great game 8.5/10 but the story is dull
76561198087500320,Not Recommended,268050,13192815,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,icpjusmc,REDOWLOADED THIS GAME THREE TIMES STILL WONT EVEN LAUNCH RIGHT I WILL HEAR SOUND BUT NO VIDEO COMES THREW I COMPLETLY MEET THE SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS FOR THE GAME
76561198086264621,Not Recommended,268050,13210162,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,敢,why cant i play this game?when i start it just stalled out.(My computer is Alianware M17 R4) please tell me why.
,Not Recommended,268050,13656738,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,iloveass,Control scheme and camera angles make this game too frustrating to be scary at all. It's made me so mad. And how can they screw up the mouse wheel upon update? Was it even tested?
,Not Recommended,268050,13677444,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,U8Skittlez,"I dislike how I have to either recommend the game or not, since this game in itself is great. The Evil Within has good gameplay, I played it on xbox. Unfortunatly, even with a custom PC I cannot hold to the minimum requirements of this game and I crash on startup. I understand this is a personal problem for me, but I think you all should be warned that unless you have a top-tier PC, odds are the game will not work."
,Recommended,268050,14158505,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,DREAMS,"Worst part was having a major power failure my city while playing this game in the dark with my headphones on.Scary game, beautiful horror and well thought mechanics make this a must play for horror fans."
,Not Recommended,268050,14177965,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,XaeroSignal,"Seriously, is nobody going to acknowledge how nonsensical it is that the game just randomly tells you in the beginning ""You can burn bodies with matches!"" and then never tells you WHY you'd want to do that? Why does the main character even think to do that in the first place? What is the point of this gameplay mechanic? It doesn't make them drop extra loot, enemies aren't alerted when they find a body, and they don't get back up if you don't burn their body.This stupid body-burning matches thing pretty much sums up the entire game. It's painfully obvious the game was created by the developers thinking up ideas they thought would be scary, and then had NO idea how to chain them together with a decent plot."
,Not Recommended,268050,14355592,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Todaug,Bad game with non scary monsters. I Thought it was more like Outlast or Amnesia. I dont like when we can kill the monsters...
,Recommended,268050,13889090,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,YourMumsMilkman,"Good, difficult horror game, but not for full price.There is a good job done on tension and strange/freaky/intense things happening.I think of myself as someone that doesnt normally scare easy and that being said.... This is one of the few games that has actually made be jump and make my heart skip a beat. The only other games I've played that have done that are Dead Space 2 and Resident Evil 2.  However, that was only a fraction of time compared to the overall gameplay.  Other people may find it more or less scary.Something I need to point out is that I personally I don’t like ""helpless horror"" like Amnesia, I'd rather fight back in some way.  This means the game has to have a balance between giving you power and taking it away.  The Evil Within does a pretty good job at this.It's a tid bit of a rage simulator granted I didn’t play on the easiest mode.   To me, this gives you more accomplishment after you clear an area.  Your character is quite weak; profoundly at the beginning and the baddies will still rip you up late game if you are not on your toes.   Most of the time they are just another part of the puzzle so to speak.  They're just another obstacle that you need to use your head to get around like everything else in this game.  Even the main Antagonist in this game in not really something that instills large amounts of fear or hate into your heart.  Although the story does give him a good amount of back story. He's a sadistic madman that needs to bite the dust for sure, but most of the time you just deal with him which isnt too difficult so long as your Ego can handle a death screen every now and then.The controls feel solid and I think the game handles better than RE4, RE5, and even RE6 and RE: Revelations.  They add a sprint feature which some horror fans seem to hate for some reason, but its a much needed lifeline in this game instead of a cheap escape.   If you don’t level it up you will have a VERY bad time.  If you run in guns blazing OR cowering in fear without changing your strategy you will have a very bad time.  You're going to have to think a bit, try different things, and not get too angry if it doesn’t work out.The biggest gripe I have with the game is that it seems like they had to shorten quite a few aspects of it for some reason... not sure if they were crunching on deadline or if they just couldnt make up their minds about somethings.For starters the gameplay isnt that long for a triple A game.  You can probably beat it in 15 hours or so.  New Game+ is available, but you'll probably blow through that even quicker because your character will be more leveled up (which I enjoy because you can put the pain on the bad guys much easier, but they will still mess you up if you are being stupid).Oddly enough there are a few automatic rifle welding ""zombies"" in this game just like there are in RE5 and RE6 despite some people venting their angst about them. They are quite annoying and may have been better had they been left out or tweaked.  For some reason Sebastian doesn’t have the ability to aim while crouching or shoot from behind cover very well. Fortunately there's not too many of them.I wish there was an online co-op for some part of the game. Most or at least some of the story would be ok if it was a ""drop in co-op optional, but not required"" game.    A horde or mini-level mode(s) with co-op or multiplayer capability would be fun too and really push the value of the game up in my opinion.   I know some horror fans like to play alone, but I like to jump in with my friends and doing so doesn’t have to sabotage a game.The voice acting was a wash.  Some of the actors seem like they are doing an ok job just reading really bad lines.  I got the impression that some of the dialog may have been lost in translation (perhaps intentionally)  because it reminded me of earlier Resident Evil games.The story is good, but could be much better.  There's quite a bit that could have been elaborated on in regards to the past of the characters, not just Sebastian, but the game never gets too deep with the narrative except for a few people.  Much of the story is left open to interpretation and opinion.   I would like to point out that the game does brush over some deep aspects of the human psyche that sent a tingle up my spine.  I really wish they would elaborate on because it would have made more sense out of the story/game while pulling the player in even further.All in all its a good game, but could have been much better.  Especially for AAA game that would be full price for a while."
,Recommended,268050,14755631,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Maskeno,"A good, solid survival/horror game at least as good as the predecessors it emulates. It's only fault was being a game in a very hard to please market for the genre where similar games (see resident evil) and some better games (see the last of us) have set the bar so high that new games in the genre have to be significantly better to gain the favor of their fans.It's the same stigma that has killed the otherwise passable Resident Evil titles after RE4. The fanbase judges based on their childhood memories of how good the older games were, regardless of the fact that played side by side, you'd likely enjoy the newer ones more.If you were not an uber-fan of the classic silent hill and/or resident evil games, or able to be completely objective about the subject (as is the case with my view) this is a very well made game that should make it's home among the greats.Horror is a hard fanbase to please across all platforms, and in a society that has given us enough of it that we're completely desensitized us to it, even more so. This game deserves to be liked, but falls just short when played on nostalgia goggles."
,Not Recommended,268050,13114661,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,cassembler,"40 minutes in and already dreading picking this back up; not because of the atmosphere (which is awesome), because of the gameplay... Gorgeous visuals and theme don't make up for arbitrarily tedious gameplay mechanics.Will give it another shot and revise this if I'm wrong."
,Not Recommended,268050,13175491,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Quack,"I would not recommend this game to anyone on the account of it being very misleading, I am a VERY easily scared person, so I went into this talking to friends, and hardly paying attention, after I noticed it kind of not scaring me, I started focusing and playing by myself, after a while I realized all I was doing was trying to repeat the same thing over and over, not being scared at all, dying at every corner. This game seems to be difficult for the sake of being difficult, enimies on the other sides of doors looking straight at you, melee is like you are poking them lightly, very little health, almost no ammo, things you need to advance are with VERY hard enimies, and honestly, not much going for it besides the graphics and some of the story, the gameplay feels very bland with an EXACT way you are supposed to play the game, your character seems very dumb with the ways he uses some of his weapons (seriously you punch them when you have a long knife?) and so on, I thought I would love this game, but so far, it has only enough playability for me to keep playing for short times, I wouldn't recommend it at current price."
,Not Recommended,268050,13160130,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ufuck,-----
76561198071834999,Recommended,268050,32593812,Posted: 20 June,all,Sgt_Jono,6.7/10nuff said
76561198056136197,Recommended,268050,20165285,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,leorem,"The story line is enigmatic, gameplay and mechanics need time to get used to (if you never played resident evil that is). However, I wanted a dark horror game and this is what I got! It has lots of GORE (maybe too much). Nevertheless, good story, graphics, and gameplay; Loved it!"
,Recommended,268050,20140056,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Frank The Duke,"If you want a good suspense-horror experience. This game for you. First hour I played this game I realized the game feeling of Resident Evil 4. It is not a rip off. But same director, Shinji Mikami.I can't find something negative in that game. 10/10Top 3+Graphics+The Suspense+Atmosphere"
,Recommended,268050,20264244,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,V1P3R,Great game!
76561197972272453,Recommended,268050,19314285,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ryjil,This game is awesome.  Gory and and scarey.  Five minutes into the game I pooped my pants.  10/10 too scared to play again.
,Recommended,268050,28261668,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,BananaSplitz,This game actual had me sp00ked.
,Recommended,268050,15527850,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,matarabun,6/10Not bad and i want to try the DLC.Pros:+ Nice monsters+ Different difficulty level+ Nice dead animationCons:- Even at 60fps this game doesn't look smooth IMO- Need to optimize the graphic- I don't like reading all the object i've found and all this recording tape. This is a game not a movie.- Green jelly to increase power? Come on.- Need bigger map and lot of monsters.- Axe can be used only once? Really?
,Recommended,268050,14825566,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,-=Menschweint=-,Very well made survivial horror game sharing similarities with very well known resident evil 4. 9/10.
76561197970333496,Not Recommended,268050,18479574,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Sleeper0013,"Normaly i dont play a game on Easy or even regular i usualy go right for the hardest setting, And fact i come across some very difficult games at times. But this game has a horribly unballanced hard setting , and to the point that some areas are unpassable. at one point in the game i had to fight a creature that took most of my amo. then when every thing i had was almost gone they threw 2 of them at me.  Im deleting this game at this point, i actualy felt at odds most of the way through this game for clunk rediculous lack of stamina, and slow reaction ability. All crappy mechanics. There are a list of cheep tactis in the gaming world that are a no no, Spawing mobs behind a player, Clunky mechanics that hinder a players abiltiy to react, insuficient amo to complete a section, ignoring attack comands from the player unless blocked or taking damage, invisable doors with no clues to sugest they exist, interupting player attack with some rediculous animation that has nothing to do with disruption of the attack(Dying light), as well as a few others but you probably get my poin.   3 on this list are in this game.  it too bad becaus i was begining to enjoy the story line. but at this point im droping this game from my list."
76561198028291449,Not Recommended,268050,18691035,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Paradiser,Horror. Survival Horror. Psychological Horror. Admit it. It's just another tedious zombie game.
76561198336801868,Recommended,268050,32124752,Posted: 2 June,all,1thorone,"great game !it takes time to adjust to the key set during the game , but other then that it a very cool game"
76561197998056986,Recommended,268050,31881143,Posted: 21 May,all,Skip2mylife,"Dej a zábavnosť určite nešli v rovnej línii, niektoré pasáže bavia viac niektoré menej, ale v celku slušný horor, miestami som mal naložené v gatiach a miestami som sa nasmial, príbeh,grafika ovládateľnosť Ok, je to hra ktorú si po čase viem znova zapnúť"
,Recommended,268050,25828060,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TheLegendaryApe,ITS THE BEST EVER! love it this game!
76561198070968007,Not Recommended,268050,35400501,Posted: 1 October,all,WARTHOG,In order to get an actualy playable frame rate I had to use +r_swapinterval 0 in the startup command box.
,Not Recommended,268050,20199729,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,jake,"i've played a lot more of this game on other consoles but 15 minutes here was too muchi don't know how i enjoyed this beforemaybe it's just a horrible port, but from what i've seen here, it's glitchy, FPS locked, ""cinematic* (GIANT BLACK BARS across the screen the entire game), horribly written dialogue-wise (especially joseph), and once you ignore the dialogue, horrible controls, and put in way too much time to fix the fps lock and black bars its still just generally not scary"
76561198053120166,Recommended,268050,24068685,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Seventh Monkey(Iron Monkey),Really good survival horror game.
,Not Recommended,268050,17018132,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Avolition,Sneaking simulator 20153/10
76561198037744289,Recommended,268050,17215101,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,PlagueFerret,"The camera for this game as absolutely horrible besides that, i have no complaints about this game. (and in all honestly i only put in about 6 or so hours into it)."
76561197993495947,Not Recommended,268050,17840475,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Himax,"I don't understand how this game has recieved ""good"" ratings. It's terrible!The controls are poorly designed and unresponsive, combat is lackluster and clumsy, overall game flow is tedious rather than fun, the level designs are bland, and perhaps worst of all;It isn't scary!It's a hodgepodge of poorly thought out and even more poorly implemented ideas that just don't pull together.Was this game not playtested?"
,Recommended,268050,17429832,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,crims1n,"Pros:1. Amazing story2. Amazing visuals3. Only one jump scare that I can remember, it is truly survival horrorCons:1. Useless ""filler"" missions that don't do anything except make the game time longer2. You're never sure if you should fight a boss or run away from it3. Sometimes it seems like the game tries to be way too gross and disgusting (which could be a good thing for some)Overall great game, 9/10"
,Recommended,268050,17845018,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Stiv Panther,Awesome game! :-D Nice graphics and a good story. Pretty great monsters as well. God I hate Rebirth Laura! XD
76561198015496670,Recommended,268050,32841128,Posted: 26 June,all,Legato2400,This game is just what I have been waiting for sense Resident Evil 4. Once your done with the main game with survival/horror game play the DLC goes full horror and story mode on you and the first chapter of the DLC will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you...
,Recommended,268050,28855240,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sgt. Tan,"Absolutely loved it, beginning to end.If you liked resident evil (the fourth one mainly) you'll like this game."
76561198151504187,Recommended,268050,28867665,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Bhopping Cat,good
,Recommended,268050,18240377,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Classified,"First 4-5 chapters isnt that great, then it gets really good.  Clear influences from Resident Evil and Silent Hill, mainly Resident Evil though. It could almost be a game in that series.Only complaint is the slightly overused combat, mostly its nicely paced but at some points youre forced to mow through hordes of enemies in some sort of gauntlet arcade style event. That doesnt fit a survival horror i think, apart from that its good and if you like Resident Evil you will enjoy this.The DLC is worth too."
,Recommended,268050,14044149,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Ghotty,"So, a lot of people have been giving this game♥♥♥♥♥♥for it ""not being scary"". Now i am not a horror veteran, i rarely play horror games. I have played resident evil 4 and dead space, which  is what this game is closest to. And ill tell you upfront, this game steals tropes, its rather unoriginal, and it is rarely scary, but you know what? This game is a god damn good experience anyway. 10 hours of gameplay and every second is tense, fun, and for about four of thoes 10 hours, actually pretty god damn scary. What it masters in the horror department, isint fear. Its tension and excitement. You see, there are actually virtually no jump scares in this game, Mabye four throughought the entire campaign. It is very tense, and that is what qualifies it as a horror experience. I would have to say the best part about this game is the fact that it changes mechanics on a chapter by chapter basis, keeping it very fresh and challanging throughout the entire ordeal. One of the larger problems though is that in the later chapters it turns very shooty shooty, and the ammo pool kind of forgot to ramp up the drops a bit. Usually the limited ammo is quite good and makes it very tense, but it can also be very frusturating.Overall i would give this game a 9/10"
76561198148843622,Not Recommended,268050,33567631,Posted: 15 July,all,anas_alhosni,"Starts off good, gets boring and worse throughout the game."
,Not Recommended,268050,17097417,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,waiting for iphone y,complete garbage...-♥♥♥♥♥♥ jumpscares♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics-broken resolutions-awful story
76561197998338012,Recommended,268050,19315995,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,BROOKUMAS,nice game
76561198054267863,Not Recommended,268050,13785453,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,vam40,"if i would have know it was a third person game,i would never have bought it"
,Recommended,268050,14532110,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,I'm a computer,Good Graphic-4/5awesome characters-5/5main character sucks at running-1/5cool bosses - :keeper:/5levels are good but not alot of exploration - 3/5letterbox - 1/5story - 1/5overall - ?/5 i have no idea i had fun and thats all that counts
76561198043739252,Recommended,268050,14956492,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,orthanc2050,This is exactly what I wanted the new Silent Hill to be.
76561198062443975,Recommended,268050,16244040,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Zoinks,Sick game. Can't believe the hate it's gotten. It's a hard game but the setting is awesome and the gore is plentiful. And yes it is scary as ****
76561198078787201,Recommended,268050,15975675,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Kōrībakusutā,So good it doesn't even work 8/8
76561198015741357,Recommended,268050,24553160,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mangry,"I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ metacritic is talking about, this is a great horror game."
,Not Recommended,268050,14376102,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,chuchunezbee1482,Refund please? High expectations let down by gears of war style camera angles and that 'console port' feel....
,Recommended,268050,19451317,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Nyph,"1000 Ways to Die, the video game."
76561198027553869,Not Recommended,268050,17723565,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Tactical GummyBear,"Very bad optimized game for pc a shame, better play in consoles...."
76561198039585522,Recommended,268050,15510730,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Captain_Waffle11,"Good to see survival horror returning to form, the years after Amnesia really had me worried.  It's the kind of game that presents interesting and challenging action-adventure gameplay in a wonderfully atmospheric and always-changing environment, which I'll take over ""trying to be scared so I can fit in with other humans"" any day of the week.  Very tense, very action, very gory, more decrepit stone structures and dirty bathrooms than you could ever imagine.  It's great."
,Recommended,268050,15480980,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Satanic6Panda6,Love this game.
76561198088682377,Recommended,268050,14456643,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ElectricShadow,Great survival Horror game! Real challange and fairly good sotry line.
76561197977632127,Not Recommended,268050,14458141,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,bryan69boru,Worst game I have ever played! You barely have control of your character. Weapons and melee are  ridiculously bad.
,Not Recommended,268050,14475747,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sgt.Knox,cant bind  the keys the way i like it junk runs like crap just bull
,Recommended,268050,31028563,Posted: 8 April,all,Mikie,"Pain in the *** setting controls, but a really great game."
76561197970395545,Not Recommended,268050,14602139,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,makugx,"This game is the perfect example of a game where the developers are well payed, but the game doesn't come out right.There are a lot of ideas here, most of them aren't executed properly.The horror goes away when you put so many action features that becomes another resident evil 5/6.There's quality in graphics, levels and ....I think that's about it. The rest of it is not worth anyone's time.This game never makes you want to finish it. The mechanics aren't that exciting. The story doesnt make sense at any point. It's like they got so high on cocaine, exctasy, pot, bath salts and that drug LUCY was taken that they came up with this ♥♥♥♥ed up piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I give it a 4/10 for trying. For having a start, and end, a bunch of good things with the mechanics where you can create your own kills, which is probably the best feature in the game and for the level design which some times gets pretty impressive."
76561197998204787,Recommended,268050,14839930,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,B1gB4ddy,The Resident Evil 4 successor we always wanted.
76561198084800744,Recommended,268050,14834449,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Asmodeus,"Such a good game, I loved every min playing this game. Not as scary as I expected, but fun none the less."
,Recommended,268050,14818255,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,250 Packets of Salt,God damnit Joseph.
76561198007030104,Recommended,268050,19271538,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,1 man army,"If you love survival horror games that don't go easy on and force you to be careful with your items, then this is the game for you, story might not its strongest point of the game, but I enjoyed what I played8/10"
,Recommended,268050,17276922,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Checkered,Too Bad
,Recommended,268050,17243768,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Alice,I think I don't wanna leave my warm bad anymore :C
76561198116794800,Not Recommended,268050,16404516,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cheshire Cat,outlast x2? its just a bloodyier version of outlast. I feel like I'm in the saw film. Not enjoying the gameplay. Kind of hard to see in some places. Just a big bloody mess.If it was bloody + unicue - sure I'd enjoy it. But its just a bloodier version of outlast.
76561197973776200,Not Recommended,268050,16447628,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,jockdajg,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IN IT'S CURRENT STATE, IT'S LIKE A BETA VERSIONThis game started out so good, I get as far as chapter 5 the it  constantly crashes/ freezes , and i'm unable to progress any further in the game. Such a shameHave tried the various help solutions wihtout sucess.And before you ask my pc exceeds the recommended spec and all drivers are up to date."
,Not Recommended,268050,16576275,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TV's Rob,resident evil 4 without the funand somehow less scary
76561198045468654,Recommended,268050,27383794,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ryan3D,havnt got to play this but i needed to write a review on a game i nominated and i cant post on how nomans sky should get the scammed ya good award
,Recommended,268050,25640999,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Skyy,"This game is a glorious disaster. The characters are wooden and the story doesn't work. All of the scares miss terribly. The gameplay is ok, but not great. Fun in a MST3K kind of way."
76561198071004142,Recommended,268050,26371124,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,leodok21,"Well i will start with the sad part of this story...I got a refund of the game.But don't think that there was an issue with steam or the game itself it was just that my PC crashed so i was going for an improvement of the system..Anyway i played the game on my brothers' PS4 and had hours of fun,the game is cool,visually is very detailed and the heart beat rises on every ''survival horror moment''.That is what the game is a true Survival horror,nice mechanics,great atmosphere.The upgrade system and the Hospital was very smart,and everytime I was eager to find my oasis of steel bed and a sweet nurse...I will say it(risking burned in the pit)I would prefer the resident evil 4,5,6 to be as the Evil Within,i don't know how exactly but some elements would be surely better if they were Evil Within like...8.5/10 from me and i recommend this like HELL it is a very good classy survival horror"
,Recommended,268050,26351915,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Steveosaurous,"A fantastic horror game. This game has some of the most disturbing, beautiful, and surreal imagery I've ever seen. It could easily be called a masterpiece if not for the following caveats:1) I highly recommend you get this game with the DLC. It's a shady way to operate, but the developers basically cut half the story out of the game and decided to release it in the DLC, so it's really necessary to play through them to get the full story. Otherwise you'll be left scratching your head.2)The first 1/3 of the game has serious pacing issues and is incredibly confusing. I really had to trudge through it. So much is left unexplained that you spend the first 6 chapters just asking yourself ""What the everloving f**k is going on? How did I get here?"" The story doesn't really get going until about chapter 7 or 8, because of this the beginning chapters really feel like filler. But I promise it's worth the agony.3)I'm the kind of gamer who enjoys playing hardcore games like Dark Souls, and it literally pained me to switch the difficulty down to ""Casual"". But after hours of yelling at the screen, being constantly low on health, and getting one-shotted by every other enemy in the game, I finally relented and began enjoying the game SO MUCH MORE. The game is incredibly imbalanced on ""Survival"" difficulty and will do everything it can to convince you to NOT change the difficulty to ""Casual"". But I highly recommend you do.The game is brought down by a series of really bizarre choices and game imbalances, some badly designed boss fights, and crappy clostrophobic camera controls. Overall, The Evil Within would've benefited from some more focused direction and a better writer.  But underneath these issues there's a really fantastic horror game waiting to be explored. There's clear talent at work here and they do a great job evoking fear in a variety of ways. The game has some of the creepiest, grossest enemies around and features some of the coolest horror set pieces I've ever seen. One level has you crawling through a city as the landscape collapses and shifts around you, while a boss fight has you run through a maze of body parts as you're chased by an incorporeal blood monster.This gameis a must-have if you're a fan of horror games.7.5/10"
,Recommended,268050,25782461,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Budget Ronaldo,Ty Shinji Mikami <3 Absolute legend!
,Recommended,268050,19352089,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Nemeth,Muito bom! Trouxe de volta um survival horror de qualidade
,Not Recommended,268050,16751464,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,God Goku,"One of the worst made games i have ever played. The fights are rediculous. The lack of any kind of ammo makes gameplay impossible, headshots dont kill, and they put you in a space no bigger than a shed to fight a chainsaw using beast who just flails around a few times and cuts off your head. When he doesnt and you manage to get away, (2 feet away mind you) you run out of ammo and have to beat him to death, Which cant happen because the dude has more hp than ♥♥♥♥ing sephiroth. 10/10 would never recommend, or even give to my worst enemy. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY"
,Not Recommended,268050,13978375,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,KuntaoDaChump,"Its another version of Resident Evil. I paid for a scary game, and its totally not. This game is worth about $30, not $60"
76561198069738707,Recommended,268050,19049156,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,hamad4715,"the game is magnificent, but recently STEAM remove it from the store. I don't know the reason."
,Recommended,268050,25359133,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hugh Mungus,Aamazing game if you like Survival Horror.From the mind of Shinji Mikami
76561198043161293,Recommended,268050,14756172,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Z0011,"Bad optimized, lazy Devs"
,Recommended,268050,19276680,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,julie_who,"Great game, amazing plot"
76561198097269102,Recommended,268050,18777440,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,rener,this game is to hated
76561198020436668,Recommended,268050,26680761,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Bubba Joe,This is the game the more recent resident evils(apart from revelations 2) wish they were.
76561198050871906,Recommended,268050,29710221,Posted: 4 February,all,The Slayer,"This game is challenging but enjoyable, Buy it"
76561197971073368,Not Recommended,268050,18231831,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"I kind of dont like this. It's like a resident evil that's overdoing it a little. Looks decent, but meh I never bothered completing it"
,Recommended,268050,16297435,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,GaybarDriver,scared me to death haha love it!
,Recommended,268050,32907290,Posted: 27 June,all,itsphellips,...
76561198121717782,Not Recommended,268050,14587886,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,MilesMario,Bought this game thinking it would be amazing......it lied its complete garbage ammo is random you can either have to much ammo and its a copy and past of re 4 i want my money back i have been trying for months this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and steam wont give me my money
76561198218433817,Recommended,268050,24435806,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,mardyano,nice one
76561197993355017,Recommended,268050,24886245,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,NeoZaTZy,"Great game, first played on survival and it is prety hard i died many many times even though i knew what i had to do the AI changed and statred acting different and became harder every time i came back to the same location....so the pattern didnt work all the time. The game is deffinatley made for console controller althought i still enjoyed it on PC, it ran fine no crashing or FPS issues. I would reommed for anyone who want to play a survival horror, reminds me of resident evil nemisis as in the suspense side otherwise it is lie the game ""call of cthula"" i think thats what it is call and that game was hard, made me jump out of my seat may of times."
76561198051680516,Not Recommended,268050,14486628,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Schmirgelsaurier,"Nope.The story of this game is never explained and makes no sense at all.The end is just totally bogus.Only buy it, if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,268050,14539699,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Reaper,Sorry i cannot get past the stamina issue .. granted i havnt upgraded.  but any game that has you run out of stamina in a sprint that is honestly more like a jog after 2 seconds of running is utter horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ if not for this single one thing i would have given the game more thought but sprinting for 2 seconds and then bending over gasping for air like you ran a ♥♥♥♥ing marathon....seriously.  Im really dissapointed i bought this game.
,Recommended,268050,16137309,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,InferiorGamer18,"Best game, get it, seriously!"
,Recommended,268050,30647923,Posted: 21 March,all,bazuka,"scary game, if you looking for a creepy time this is the game you need"
76561198334372136,Recommended,268050,33392360,Posted: 8 July,all,The Insomniac,"Great Mystery surrounding the story, hype for #2http://www.ebay.com/itm/the-evil-within-Season-Pass-Ps4-/263080003082?hash=item3d40ca460a:g:tXkAAOSw2iNZYm5J"
76561197980304113,Recommended,268050,32224941,Posted: 6 June,all,sosiska,"nice game! well accordingly to youtube videos and wikipedia, as it hangs on very beginning on my Corei7-3770 with Radeon 5880 2Gb and 16Bg RAM :D"
,Recommended,268050,33353450,Posted: 7 July,all,Usurper,"The perfect game for when boredom sets in and you have a rainy weekend,So, Shinji Mikami is back with another title, director of Resident Evil, Vanquish, Resident Evil 4, God Hand and Dino Crisis among others, so it's understandable that one would be optimistic whilst playing this,Without giving that much away plotwise in regards to The Evil Within, it's a survival horror in the same vien as Resident Evil four, with virtually the same mechanics and a lot of referencial areas to that game and Resident Evil history, you have the creepy village, the mansion (Which I swear looks very, very similar in terms of layout to the Spencer mansion) and the enemies point in the same way that the cultists from the later parts of RE4 do, you'd be expecting them to whisper ""HYESTA"" at any point.I wish I liked it more, in terms of the plotline it feels conveluted and rushed despite making almost no sense whatsoever, however I understand the DLC (Which I'm yet to play through) is meant to clear up some of the plotholes left by the main game.The pacing is totally off, it takes far longer than it should to actually start explaining itself and the denumont and the payoff for that denumont didn't feel that worth it, despite the game trying to do something interesting and clever with it's plotline with some Inception levels of weirdness.On the whole it feels like a Shinji Mikami greatest hits album, where everything you'd expect to be on that record would be on it.Overall, not bad. Just wait for a sale if you're desperate to play it."
76561198118954577,Recommended,268050,17205141,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Takeoff,good game
,Recommended,268050,17366340,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Zhu qian qian's boy friend,"good horror game, and it's worth to pay $20 for it."
,Recommended,268050,19496447,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,xd,"This review is not focused around the story only Gameplay.This is probally the only game that is Singleplayer that I can sit and play for hours and then restart I love this game so much.I´m also a very big fan of the special recoil this game has, you can´t ADS like normal shooters but your aim moves all the time making aiming harder and when you are scared you will probally even miss a barn. The AI in this game is really goodIt´s not like some games where AIs are like cute kittens.When it comes to horror games I buy them but I usually never finish them, cause some games are 2spooky4me.When it comes to the DLCs they are very good but of course not as good as the main game.I rate this game 4 out of 5 cause I just love games, there is not alot of games I hate, plus it is a very fun and alot of action. If you buy this I´m 80% sure you will love it."
76561198165353699,Recommended,268050,28518347,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ITWASTHEDONKEY,buy it play it and play it some more
,Not Recommended,268050,19369722,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BeastleeUK,"Having read the hype on this game and reading the many positive reviews it seemed ideal for my choice of gameplay. I am a huge fan of the Silent Hill games, less so of the Resident Evil series but I do enjoy them.I am on 100MBit broadband and it still took a few hours to download the 60GB (including DLC) so I figured this must be a graphical feast.  I fired it up and it defaulted to 1920x1080, which was promising given what I had read in the reviews, then I headed into the Survivor level gameplay.  Initially the video clips seemed well done but then I realised they were no better than most of the PS3 ones I've seen. No matter, the gameplay must be great from what I read. I managed to skip the video that explains what happens to you and woke up in the first part of the story.  I went down a slide a few minutes later and then spent about an hour trying to get through the next couple of rooms.  Poor camera angles and FoV made it very difficult to move safely and the enemy ignored the distractions.  I think I must have died an average of 10 times a minute for the majority of the hour.Finally I gave up and asked for a refund.  As a seasoned gamer, I don't claim to be a gaming ninja, I should be able to get past the first and second scene of a game without this much difficulty and frustration.  I have never struggled so much with a game as this one and I didn't find it particularly scary either."
76561198066553474,Not Recommended,268050,20028699,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Trustno1,"takes a little bit of time to get into it and the graphics it requires is more than GTA V?! how does that happen?The game itself makes up it's own rules as it goes along, areas made it seem like a Resi 4 rip off, the controls were not the best (although not all bad) and various bosses and level areas dealt auto spawning instakill with no indication of what to do or how to do it (which is fair enough not to be walked through a game but no hint at all made it just annoying). i can't really recommend. Get out last, it's much better!"
76561198067046211,Recommended,268050,20316416,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Slab Lab,Crashes a lot but v good. Worth it.
76561198035430309,Recommended,268050,20529900,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Malthael,"My favourite survival horror game ever. Sure the story has some weird moments, but it overall holds together really well.I absolutely love the ID Tech 5 engine. The graphics in The Evil Within are among some of the strongest I've ever seen. The whole game is dripping in atmosphere and I felt completely immersed. It's also incredibly violent, and Tango Gameworks have gone to a lot of trouble to provide a AAA experience. They really captured the essence of horror and anyone who thinks otherwise clearly hasn't seen enough oldschool scary movies.It's also quite a long game. Took me 15 hours to beat the main story and there's New Game+ and a couple other interesting modes to complete. There's definitely a lot of replay value to unlock all of the hidden secrets/collectibles.I'd definitely recommend getting The Evil Within if you're a fan of horror in general. It's a challenging game, but very easy to become immersed in. Most importantly, it's fun and quite creepy. Definitely worth playing, plus the DLCs are  absolutely amazing.10/10 from me."
,Recommended,268050,20589978,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Spookles,"This is a weird one.This is a horror game that lost its reason to exist somewhere after the end of the first chapter. The story got confused and became overcomplicated and too ambitious for its own good, the dull characters dont help either. The combat's nice but i think it got a bit too much focus, and for some reason it feels as theres something missing. When you kill something, it lacks that ""oomph"" from RE4 that it obviously tries to capture. Its more like a methodic third person shooter with horror elements than a full fledged horror game.I think even the developers got tired of the gameplay too because the DLC diverts compleatly from the base game.It feels more like a precursor to something bigger and better. Like a step of evolution of something even greater.Its interesting that this exists, and I recomend that you play it with an open mind. It has a ton of flaws, not much of the spoops work and the controls are wonky. But if it interests you, give it a try. Just be mindful of what it is, not what could have been. I made that mistake.Buy it on sale if you like, but i dont think you are missing much if you dont. cat/10"
,Recommended,268050,20461936,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,CutthroatPrune,while it left me with quite a few questions even after searching things online the evil within is a solid game. I would give a 8/10 but sadly the poor port makes me give the game a final score of 7/10
76561198051622079,Recommended,268050,20946265,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ChaoticLullaby,"This game was fantastic. Nuff said. Absolutely loved it. Only gripes? Cutscenes could have been a bit scarier. But whatever. Game was great, picked it up for under $12 on sale. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,268050,20899507,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Jindosh,10/10 who needs sleep anyways
76561197991562508,Recommended,268050,21988473,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Sneaky Weasel,"Not so much scary as creepy. I play at night with lights off and I find it makes the game more immersive and nervewracking. This is the first game I've played of this genre, I bought it to scare my girlfriend. It worked, she cried."
,Recommended,268050,22111403,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Tabbarn,"Its average, its not very great but its not very terrible either. I tried playing it once before, but gave up after being teleported like 10 times in the first few levels. Yes, this game teleports the player around pretty much in every chapter. The game does give an explanation to this though, not to give any spoilers.It is said that its heavily influenced by the classic Resident Evil games, and it shows. Close over-the-shoulder camera, tight quarters, scarce supplies and unforgiving gameplay. It is a challange.I would give at max 30 bux for this game, but for that, its plenty of entertainment."
,Not Recommended,268050,21376311,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Brost Roast,"I did play the game in its entirety. And I had fun with it. The rest of my review should help you decide to play it or not.I felt like Shinji Mikami had something to prove when he didn't really have to. Almost like he wanted to show he could have made RE5 or RE6 if he was still on Capcom. I feel like when you try so hard you miss almost every note that made RE4 so great you have some jumbled up mess of a goal for your game.Even though I was not impressed with the overall design I appreciated the smaller bits it had. References to several Horror films throghout the game and the trippy rooms you explore made the game fun and creepy. So that was fun.I nearly lost it at the end. I saw it coming a mile away. The game was getting predictable in its chaos. The last boss was straight out of Bayonetta (in terms of how over the top it was). Just cause you worked with Platinum doesnt mean I want your survival horror to meet Platinum's standard of action.Overall I did enjoy the game. It delivered on its promise of being somewhat a RE4 clone. Although I cannot recommend it. If you are tired of RE4 or you want to see what Shinji Mikami's vision is I would say go for it. Other than that i cannot reccomend this for a serious survival horror genre fan. if you want a better over the shoulder shooter made by Shinji, I highly recommend Vanquish.Thank you."
76561198156823600,Recommended,268050,22309458,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Funboat,"Reluctantly recommending this game. Yeah, I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥myself on multiple occasions. However, there is absolutely no story, all the characters are as flat as Kidman's chest, and a lot of the gameplay mechanics are severly lacking, However, it was still scary as hell and surprisingly creative.Don't waste your time with the DLC, btw"
76561198031529307,Recommended,268050,21710870,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,actionorb,9/10 Good game.
,Recommended,268050,32996656,Posted: 29 June,all,KatieFaye,10/10! With great atmosphere and difficult situations makes this a great horror game! Just don't let your greed get the best of you..
,Recommended,268050,19563625,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,gunsage,"I can't remember if it was before or after my pursuer cut out my hamstrings with a chainsaw while I was running away blindly, stumbling over gurneys and wheelchairs that I had my ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moment...but it was definitely somewhere there.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFG_hF35NR0&index=50&list=PLYkTBSuzozCRmWovr0gMsVFUKAo1s94JKThis game is fantastic and absolutely dripping in atmosphere and horror.  A definite must have for horror fans."
,Recommended,268050,19747462,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Mortimer Reed,Resident Evil 4 meets Silent Hill
,Not Recommended,268050,20154761,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Bratwurst,"The biggest horror is within the controls: sluggish, slow, imprecise, like the first gen Tomb Raider. I am really afraid to continue to play the game ... because of the horrible controls!"
,Recommended,268050,20341022,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Nullifer,"Amazing game, definatly gets your heart pumping! Akumu mode will definatly test you."
,Recommended,268050,20368104,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,JeeJee✖,"Great game. Replay potential. Probably one of the better survival horror released since Resident Evil: Revelations, but that's just my opinion. If you like a challenge and are into survival horror I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,268050,20447106,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fairlight,For me it's highly underrated game. Great game. Definitely one of the best horror games I've played.
76561198056340423,Recommended,268050,20682205,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,The White Hawk,Yep.
76561198020361576,Not Recommended,268050,20227729,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,vslayer,Horribly ported console crap. Couldn't even play through 5 minutes due to the complete inability to control my character. Do not buy this.
76561198086472248,Not Recommended,268050,20240410,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,benzeboy3737,"Ok so here is the deal. if i can't figure out a puzzle and need to look it up, awesome. if the map is complex, awesome. if the story needs some suspention of disbelief in it to start it going, awesome. BUT...if you die 30+ times trying to do things the guides way, on easy.if you have massive fps issues (on a gtx980m)if you have terrible camera anglesif you have UI that puts hearthstone to shameif you have the option of collecting ammo for a harpoon that you skippedand if you have a boss in chapt. 3 that one shots you, that takes over a dozen punchs, 6 shot gun blasts, 4 revolver rounds AND being light on fire.....ya just ♥♥♥♥ it, this is a waste of timeBethesda has made some of my favoret games; this was simply the worst of them all put together with good marketing and poor exicution."
,Recommended,268050,20335547,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Don't Fuckle With Shuckle,"This game is my favorite game of all time. good combat, psychological horror, and plenty of ridiculous bosses. the only thing is make sure you have a high end computer because weak laptops wont run thisalso to all of you who say ammo is too scarce... STOP SPRAYING. THIS ISN'T CS:GO"
,Recommended,268050,20550110,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,GHO,"Incredibly atmospheric with intense gunplay and standout enemy design. Boss fights can be extremely repetitive and frustrating. Story should be interesting enough to keep you engaged although the characters feel lacking. The game is still very enjoyable and certainly fits into the survival horror category. On launch the game suffered from being locked at 30fps with 'cinematic borders' but these issues are thankfully fixed. It runs relatively well, able enough to get constant 60fps maxed out on a 970 at 1080p, the game also looks impressive."
76561198256903560,Recommended,268050,20638156,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,doge silver,Grate game they could make more story and DLC 8/10
,Recommended,268050,20776495,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,GraphicX,"65 out of 100, would've been 80 out of 100 had they left out the invisible enemies, one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ boss fight & mixed the game up a little more.  another game that's 'good', but could've been 'great."
76561198139575592,Recommended,268050,22460964,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,athosrevengeiii,Great Ride and story.
76561198156969770,Recommended,268050,14871003,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Luffy SENPAI,very nice game fun for the whole family
,Recommended,268050,15026539,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ZoooZ,Here is the review for the evil within tell me what do you think. Thank you and please subscribeeehttps://youtu.be/RceXW8sQjv8?list=PLtk0GWQ0b49zzOo0vTM3avK3vRjN9Bn1Q
,Recommended,268050,14958141,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Greytega,Shinji Mikami
,Recommended,268050,15065510,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,forgottenlance,Most of the bad reviews are valid for the v1.0 so don't take them into account.
76561198054657252,Not Recommended,268050,14868949,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,kjmcconnel,"well it seems like a great game if i could play it.... the framerate keeps freezing and sound is intermitent making it difficult to play. If anyone is to release software, make sure the stuff wporks.. great story so far but i can't give the game any sort of rating with the way it is designeded with the issues i'm having.. get it on sale for $5 and it may be worth the money to throw away."
76561197988939691,Not Recommended,268050,14872160,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ed,"Week plot, bad camera, and not enought tools or weapons to enjoy the game."
,Recommended,268050,15028360,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,BulletHardTank,Wanto know if this is worth it or not. Check out my review of this game!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3ufyf3YpHs
76561198086260011,Recommended,268050,14907119,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mr Maveric,great game 10/10
,Recommended,268050,14916133,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,miister-spiice,First person survival horror game. Prepare to be scared within an inch of your life. Stealth is your friend in this game.Get noticed and get dead.
,Recommended,268050,19645373,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Mr.Cocaine,I♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants
,Not Recommended,268050,14874872,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Jeanne Ran,"Without modding; 30 fps, 60 fov, black bars that take up litereally 50% to 60% of your screen for that ""cinematic feel.""I cannot fathom what the console experience was like with this game. it literally gave me a headache to play not even five minutes of it. The fact you have to go into the debugger to fix most of the issues and use cheat engine to fix the rest... Borked game."
76561198169392040,Not Recommended,268050,29531012,Posted: 27 January,all,V1ct0r,"The fix for being stuck in preparing to launch is just open it on second account of windows, then u will be able to play on your main account.For me this game is boring... I really like the idea but ive expected something more."
76561198023532086,Recommended,268050,30086535,Posted: 21 February,all,Metal_Monkey,Any survivor horror fans should play this game. Game stays true to the theme.
,Recommended,268050,13243616,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Jobu,Japanese people with no boundaries = fun.
76561198154398993,Recommended,268050,13255172,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Baconnaise,"I bought this game in October, a few days after it first came out.  Playing the thing however would have to wait for a while because I couldn't move without the game sputtering and pausing. In frustration, I put it down and left it alone for some time.  Then the patch came and I was surprised! The game was smooth and crisp, I could take it out of that god awful cinematic mode and get down to business.  The first time I head shot a zombie, I was dumbfounded. Half his head blew off, exposing gory goodness and blood dripping down his neck but he kept going and so did I.  That moment kept me in the game for a lot longer than I originally expected I'd be.  Also don't expect much stealth beyond the first few kills and rare moments spread through out.7/10"
,Recommended,268050,13303033,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Best Player in the Universe***,awesome
,Recommended,268050,13309321,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,獏,"Amazing Game, I highly recommend this game to anyone who has played Zombie Survival Games also the game has a New Game+ and alot of Missable Items, and Trust me you will miss Items no matter how good you are at looking for things, its bound to happen."
76561198015552994,Recommended,268050,13354408,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Batman,This is a masterpiece! This is the best horror game I played since Doom 3
76561198043172921,Recommended,268050,13624721,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,fly_me_topolaris,You gonna love THIS!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,268050,13627745,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,coma,"Evil WIthin? More like Dark Resident Evil Within Souls 4: The Electric Boogaloo10% of the game is horror, 40% Insta-Kill bosess, 50% Run and shoot. It's ok."
,Recommended,268050,13904284,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,cuz i b sneakin,"Good game that rewards exploration and puts you up against a variety of enemies, combat system is a little clunky but overall absolutly worth playing through."
76561198137889296,Recommended,268050,13930643,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Alienware,(AMAZING) I love it great game i would reccommend this game to friends and any one deciding to get it!!
,Recommended,268050,13956177,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Boogie,truly one of the best games this year what a blast 10/10would die over and over again
76561198154698889,Recommended,268050,14118452,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Nattmal,"I'll start with good game. I just finished it. What to expect from this game? well picture an orgy between silent hill, reasident evil 4 and alone in the dark. The game mechanics are similar to res 4, it has some stealth if you wish, and it's truly survival not many bullets even if you have full invetory you'll get something like 25\30 bullets max, you can purchase some perks to improve your health or to upgrade your weapon.At the beginning it's really scary but soon you get used to it, and becomes ""meh"" but still fun. It's a pretty long game i don't know if they overdid it but i'm not complaining about it. The story is absurd i didn't get it and didn't like it very much. But really it's a super fun game give it a try."
,Recommended,268050,14217465,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,meatwallet,This game is fantastic.
76561198057909156,Recommended,268050,14318678,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Waldo,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██gooD▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓game▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█I Give My Doge Of Aproval
76561198016884941,Recommended,268050,12489388,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,lostinny690,"Okay after paying this game for six hours now I will give an honest opinion not just a first thought.  The Evil Within is clearly a Console game that was ported to PC as a cash grab.  This game is not ready for primetime PC play and I'll list why in a moment.1. The Story- The story can't seem where it wants to go, and at times the game struggles to keep the tension up.  This could be to give the player a breather or they just didn't really have a plan as to how the story would flow.2. Voice Acting- The voice acting is on point and well done and lip syncing is perfect.3. Sounds- The sound is well done and very immersive, I would recommend 5.1 or a really good set of headphones.4. Controls- Using the keyboard and mouse there are a few points where it can be a pain but once you learn all the key biddings it shouldn’t be an issue.5. Graphics- Now some players claim that graphics don’t matter and that maybe true but in a game like this they do.  If your rig can run this game at high levels the graphics are amazing and very indicative of next generation games.6. PC requirements- Trust me if your system doesn’t meet the minimum requirements skip this game for the PC.  However if you do it will run fine once you tweak it to run at optimal settings.  If you have NVIDA use the GeForce Experience to set it up.7. Bugs and problems- It took me a full day to get this game to run as it should and that is not acceptable for a $60.00 game.  The game wanted to start in a windowed mode and when it was switched to full screen the picture was zoomed in.  I run a 2560 X 1600 screen res so to make the icons a little bigger I had the magnifier tool to 200%.  I have never had an issue with this until The Evil Within, once I put the magnifier to 100% the screen issue cleared up.  Next having to use a prompt menu to fix letterboxing, and FPS makes no sense.  It is almost like the developers said oh screw it we’ll just have the player do our job.  I hope for a patch that will fix this but I am not holding my breath.8. Final thoughts- This game is worth the money if you go in with your eyes open and have a system that will run the game.  I noticed no real graphic issues with a 2 GB card though they do recommend a 4 GB.  If you like games like the first Resident Evil or FEAR you will likely enjoy this 18 chapter game, after 7 hours I am half way through so it gives you plenty of game for the buck.  Just be prepared to have issues with install, bugs, and have an above average rig and you will enjoy this game.  So I rate this game a 6/10 it is a good game sadly the tech issues really cost this game in my eyes."
76561198140934343,Recommended,268050,12492978,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SweatyLemons,"~IMPORTANT~ REVIEW HAS BEEN EDITED: The following is my initial review of the game. I gave it a thumbs down, and would not recommend it.Absolutely broken game. Let me preface this review by saying that I have been desperately awaiting its release, and I've been following it for well over a year now. I really, REALLY want to love this game and give it a big thumbs up. The trailers looked very promising to me, and it seemed that this game was going to finally be a jolt of life to the survival-horror genre. I was anticipating a mixture of Silent Hill and RE 4, and in a sense, that's exactly what I got: a game that is generations behind in quality. Bethesda should feel ashamed of themselves for releasing this game how it is. The only thing scary about this game is the severe lag while running the game at the lowest settings, FPS lock at 30, god-awful aspect ratio at 2.5:1 and the choppiness of the scenery and movement. Having to run the game at a low resolution to help the FPS is what truly makes the black bars unbearable. Playing the game at 1920x1080 is absolutely fine. The narrow field of vision is claustrophobia-inducing and it jars me out of the immersion of the game. I would love to give an honest review about the story, characters, development etc, but I can't play long enough to progress in the game without getting motion sick. It has tons of future potential if patched properly, but until then, I'm writing this game off as a $60 loss. Completely unacceptable.______________________________I have since had a huge change of heart over this game. I went to give it another chance, and the game began to run beautifully for me. I set my resolution to 1980x1020 and had very little to no lag. Playing at max resolution, the black bars are a non-issue, something that should be very easy for most to look past. The 30 FPS lock is not inhibiting. Now running the game at full speed, I found myself enjoying the atmosphere and horror-tactics the game employs, even if they aren't completely new to the genre. I look forward to progressing the story and embracing the challenge the game clearly provides.Intel® Core™ i7 4700HQNVIDIA® GeForce® GTX860M8 GB RAM"
76561198095727235,Recommended,268050,12657560,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,RyAn2236,This is a very interesting and fun game to play!
,Recommended,268050,13108373,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,xalbag,What Resident Evil 5/6 should have been. Great game!
,Recommended,268050,13111926,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zaika,"What Resident Evil 5-6 should have been.If you enjoyed RE4, you will love this game.  It's not typically scary, but the game itself is fun and eerie.  You really have to watch your supplies as you can run out of bullets pretty fast."
,Recommended,268050,13134495,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sinis,yes
76561198078299443,Recommended,268050,13192255,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Nukke92,PROS:-pop scares (if you're into that)-conservation of ammo (if you're into that)-complicated story line (if you're into that)-somewhat complicated puzzles (if you're into that)-bosses (if you're into that)CONS:-everything above (if you're not into that)overall 8/10
,Recommended,268050,13226014,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Callizer,Whoever said this game is not scary should replay it with a good headphone and possibly an AMP. The sound is the scariest part of the game. This is coming from a horror enthusiast.
76561197976215922,Recommended,268050,13318645,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Michaeljcox,"Definitely worth if if you have a Maxwell series card. Maybe if you have a 780.680 or below though, forget it. SLI is not supported and your frame rate barely ever hits 55."
76561198041637499,Recommended,268050,13596786,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Slim Chainsaw Fan,"For me, I enjoyed this game a lot. While not entirely terrifying, or well optimized for PC, it's still a good game nonetheless. Controls are solid, the atmosphere is great, and the game itself is fun to play."
,Recommended,268050,13621030,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,papalazarou,"Excellent game.  I tried the demo and was slowly drawn in.  By chapter 3 i had decided i must get this great game.  I have played a few hours now and fully recommend this game.   Apparently it was barely playable at release, but now after a few patches its much better.  Veterans will appreciate the art design and gore which is brilliantly detailed.  You do need a reasonable rig to play this game but it is worth it and it is also advisable to use flawless widescreen and a 360 gamepad."
76561198130481119,Recommended,268050,13626743,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CreedenceCommieRevival,Pros+pretty game+half off price+good story+great characters+nice tumblr fandom+JoSeb 5ever #OTPCons-my anaconda dont-ruvik fo'shizzled my nizzle-reborn laura is 2spooky4me-took 2093729748 years to download
,Recommended,268050,13647402,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kisa,"I haven't played any of the Resident Evil Games, and it's my first time expriancing this type of psychological horror in a AAA game release. I grew up on psychological terror movies, so this game is very scary to me... Story wise anyway... I might not have much hours playing the actual game, but I have watched Markpiler's play through and was terrifed/entertianed through most of it.I picked up the game at $20, because I thought it was a decent enough price (for any game, crap I hate that a digital download is $60+ when you don't get a hard copy back up!) and I wished to support it... I can't wait to see the DLC that comes out, but I'd wait till a sale if you want that, season passes can be cancled and you shouldn't waste your money on it if you don't full understand the story.Go watch a Youtuber like Markplier or someone who is willing to talk about the story of the game more often then just playing it. Then deside if you want to play the game as the little bit I've played is challanging (I'm also not used to over the shoulder shooters) and sometimes I have found the stealth not properly registering with the Haunted between chapters. Other then this the game gets a 7.5/10 for me (a 6.5/10 if you don't count Ruvik, I highly suggest you look up fanart of him as it is both cute and funny... And his is my favorite kind of game villian.)"
76561198139979517,Recommended,268050,13691125,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,twitchy001,great game.
76561198024128845,Recommended,268050,13705270,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dr3wSk!3,"Absolutely the most twisted game ever!! It starts off pretty weird, but gets more and more intense as the game goes on. I recommend playing this game in the dark with a headset for the full effects of this game. I would highly recommend this game to someone."
76561198009048895,Recommended,268050,14179852,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Maxrob1,"The best survival horror i ever played,  Amazing graphics good story, 10/10"
,Recommended,268050,13101276,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Melvinchi,Well worth it!
76561198035704110,Recommended,268050,13101884,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,The Diesel,"I wish I knew this game was going to go on sale before I spent 65.00 dollars on it! the bop! Its a decent game; disappointed in its huge production when a tiny company like Red Barrell and develope a game that is way more intense and immersive. The game feels like a jumble of games in one, and doesnt know which one it wants to be, however, its understandable giving the primise of the game. I recommend it 100% for 20 bucks not for 60!"
,Recommended,268050,13109391,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Woodrow7576,"If you enjoyed the playstyle of Resident Evil since #4, you'll likely enjoy this.  For my limited time with this game, I also see similarites in the story and upgrade mechanics to modern RE titles as well.  Some of the gameplay seems clunky at first, but you'll adjust quickly.  Being that I just purchased this game last night, I did not experience any of the performance issues that were reported at launch.  **Please Note** - Letterbox is enabled by default and can be changed in the options menu.  Why anyone would want to play a game in letterbox, I'll never know.In short, I don't think this game is worth full retail price, but if you can get in for around $20 on a sale like I did, I feel it's totally worth it."
,Recommended,268050,13112963,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Shinigami,Two zombies got stuck on a ladder20/10
,Recommended,268050,13128258,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,stefanova,The only real disappointment I have with this game is that I'm still waiting for the dlc.
,Recommended,268050,13190899,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,wuzssupjrson,vedy gude
76561198066450093,Recommended,268050,13671981,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,karaliolio,Great game. The story is kinda boring in the begining and picks up at the end of the game. Great overall.
,Recommended,268050,13840682,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,dodouble,im a big fan of the original resident evil. ie (1-3)The evil within reminds me in subtle ways of those games but has a more action sided part also.these day you cant have a game that progresses like those old RE games.the horror is there that feeling of never having enough anything to face off against anyone is there.i very much like this game and recomend it to anyone who likes the genre.
,Recommended,268050,13943242,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Puppy,"PROS- I think Resident Evil was one of the best survival horror games untill the 5th and 6th came out, then I thought this messed up the series.  When this  game came out I was amazed with the graphichs, the story, the voice acting, and the gameplay. I was also impressed by how much less ammo you have if you pick the medium diffcultly so you have to use stealth which makes it more scarie.CONS- A few things I didn't like were how you could not change the model texture's or the environment texture's ( I know I said I like the grapichs, but I meant for what they put it at). Another thing is how if you beat the game on medium you can not but the diffculty higher then the one you set it at.9/10 whould survive again"
76561198044201780,Recommended,268050,13952571,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Hax1axe,"Even though some reviews weren't the most positive about this game, I really enjoyed it. Highly recommened to any resident evil fan and/or any horror genre fan in general. Only thing that bothers me about this game is the constant texture pop-ins, but other than that, it is a very nice looking game with good playability/re-playability.I give this game an 8/10"
,Recommended,268050,14209510,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Chetes,"So many ppl bash on this game, but I love it. Somewhat similar to RE4. I found it scary at time specially if the lights are off.10/10"
76561198081235880,Recommended,268050,13091910,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,fujibayashikyou,"Recomend this game, but demand a refund! Paid full price for this like 2 weeks ago and know you knock %66 of the price off it!Great game tho."
,Recommended,268050,13097095,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,hibirenn,"Ironically I'm not really a person fond of scary games, yet The Evil Within is a nice combination of action and horror. And of course, gore. I find that some of the controls are a bit wonky (I'm using a keyboard and mouse, not a controller because I'm a horrible shot and a controller only makes it worse hehe) and some of the features can glitch at times. The game has only crashed once, which is good--better than the demo which I couldn't even open because it crashed automatically. The plot is interesting (and Joseph! Yay for Joseph because helpful) and even though I haven't played the DLC yet I plan to at some point. It was definitely worth the money!"
76561198120540428,Recommended,268050,13137757,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Spreelly,fun game.
,Recommended,268050,13313146,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Hemenway,"As a fan of the horror genre, I really enjoyed The Evil Within. It managed to provide a level of creepiness that was extremely satisfying. Most games in this genre fail to deliver in that area time and time again. But the level of twisted, horrific beings in this game can be likened to that of the Silent Hill series. And unlike most, the campaign actually took me over 20 hours to complete.The only negative side is the convoluted story. I felt like a lot of the questions I had went largely unanswered. There were just too many pieces to the story that weren't fully developed and tied together in the end. And that left a slightly dissatisfying taste in my mouth. But as a whole, I'd highly recommend this game to any fan of the horror genre."
,Recommended,268050,13340848,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,krawtch,"Just pretend the game ends after Chapter 10 and it can still be called a Survival-Horror title.After that point, it just turns into a parody of itself and any chance of redeeming itself is lost with every extra step it takes.There is no coming back afteraimbotting machinegun wielding enemy type who can track you behind cover and walls and also cannot be headshot from the frontandmultiple turret sequences"
,Recommended,268050,13651686,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Crying Wolf,"With the patch allowing 60 FPS and removal of the letter box, I now have no complaints.  The main menu can feel sluggish with a mouse, but it's the menu, so who cares.  It was nice to have a difficult surivival horror game that didn't feel like an action game in disguise.  The storyline seemed well, till you got to the end, where it left you with more questions than answers.  Either they were extremely lazy on this part, or it was solely setup for DLC/ a sequel to fill in the rest of the gaps."
76561197991595785,Recommended,268050,13869181,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Spiers666,"Im a casual gamer, and with the tendancy towards survival horrors, so how could i resist. The game itself is very much graphically appealing with some amazing work on the different lighting effects to immerse you in the eery surroundings and unspecting situations you could end up in. the game works very well with the controller (which i used) and preferred very much instead of using keyboard and mouse. I felt the term ''survival'' was deffinately focused uppon as many times i found myself scrounging for ammo, in fear of what could be lurking next around the corner. the story itself is somewhat confusing at times, and i found myself considering many options for a ending, to lead to what i thought was a very big dissapointment (probably the worst thing about the game) i wont spoil it but i wouldnt play the game for the plot. id reccomend the game to anyone as the whole gameplay and how the whole thing panned out was in my opinion amazing.id give this game 9/10 as i feel the 10 would only be worthy if the ending wasnt such  disspointment.if you fancy some action, with abit of fear and dread then buy this game."
76561198053093930,Recommended,268050,13887058,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,RagingGoose,"Good game so far even if I only have a few hours to my name, scary at points and also challenging. Seems like a mix between outlast and hitman. Well worth getting!"
76561198043768190,Recommended,268050,13905944,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,SneakySumeraj,"The Evil Within is without a doubt the best survival horror game I've played in years. Shinji Mikami, the creator of Resident Evil, 2, and 4 has come back to create a game that returns to the roots of survival horror. The atmosphere is enthralling, it's so thick and dirty that you feel as if you can reach out and grab it. Level design is reminiscent of Resident Evil 4 where there are large areas filled with explorable buildings and rooms. There's rarely a straight path for you to follow as you are freely allowed to explore your surroundings looking for scarce ammunition, currency, and health syringes. The gameplay is just as satisfying as it was in RE4, if you pull off a headshot you are rewarded with an extremely violent head explosion, just as gory as it was to do in RE4. There are quite a few jump scares but what really sells this as a horror game is how intense the combat can feel. You are never without concern for your ammunition and when it comes down to pulling the trigger you need to be certain that you will make the shot, as missing a shot feels worse than taking an axe to the face. The level design and pacing is also extremely excellent, the environment changes up frequent enough to make the game feel fresh, it also helps that the visuals are gorgeous, especially running on ultra. Playing The Evil Within you are really able to see Mikami's creative efforts poured into this game, the enemy design is terrifying, there are quite a few enemy types that will stand out as an icon for this game, if not the survival horror genre as a whole. Enemy animations are also very well done, they move fast, slow, duck from incoming fire, fling themselves about and do anything to throw off your aim unlike RE4 where you could just line up a headshot relatively easily. The story is the game's weakest point, but that's not to say it isn't interesting. Survival horror games usually sacrifice plot to create an immersive and terrifying world. The acting also isn't the greatest, but look at Leon's one liners in Resident Evil 4. Overall The Evil Within has been the best survival horror experience I've had in a video game since Resident Evil 4. At times it can be action heavy but with extreme pressure on the player. If you decide to pick this up take your time with it, immerse yourself in the thick atmosphere and haunting sound design. If you can get past theatre-esque bars on the bottom and top of your screen to add a cinematic feel and the zoomed in aim added only to increase intensity you will find an absolutely beautiful survival horror game soaked in blood."
,Recommended,268050,13930549,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Buckeye Burl,Pretty good horror game. Definitely a Resident Evil 4 feel to it. Story makes no sense.
76561198075122677,Recommended,268050,13935907,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Stir-Fry Yakimoto,"Short Review     replay value 4/10 fun value 5/10   scare value   4/10  overall value   7.5      Most like Silent Hill + SAWThe best part of this game is the environments, the save area and the sound track (ambiance brilliance)The worst part of this game is chapters 10-15.I would recommend this game conditionally,Play chapters 2 through 9 and you won't be dissapointed too much.I hate to burst your bubble this game is not that scary.Maybe if your new to the horror genre or easily frightened.Long ReviewDont bother playing past chapter 9 (The climax)  The end of this game is rediculiously terribleDid Bethesada fire their writing staff 2/3 into the script?!  seriously why is the end game so bad?  sloppiness?  rush job?(Chapter 14 is ok)  This game is NOT worth 60 bux.  not even close.The bosses in this game are also pretty damn bad.  Poorly designed.  The wolf boss seemed to be the best.Gore does not = scary   i could have sworn this was a SAW game.  just plain unnessary and gross.  not scary.Theres more bad s h i t about this game than good thats all there is to it.  Thats why its metascore is a 69.Evil Within lacks many important things, mostly the big picture. replay value, a decent ending and consistency.This game really should have been a movie, imagine how much better that would be.  Tarantino 4 life."
76561198043482433,Recommended,268050,13939614,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,JEEMBOB,Do you like Dead Space? RE4? Great! Then get this game!And upgrade sprint!
76561198074510899,Recommended,268050,13957016,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kaiba,It's good.
,Recommended,268050,14159860,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jimbob Rifkin,"I've seen a lot of complaints about 30fps and borders but I started playing this after that was fixed and it runs smooth, pretty solid 60fps for me (half decent i7, GTX770, 10GB Ram) at 1080p with everything maxed out.I really like this game, a lot of people seem to moan about the field of view and clunky controls but that is by design, it's on purpose - so it's a bit of a daft moan really.  You feel clumsy and vulnerable and you can't really see too much of what's going on around you and that's kind of the point.  It's much less frustrating in this game than it was in Resient Evil 4 becuase at least here you can move and shoot and there are nowhere near as many enemies coming at you at the same time.Atmosphere wise this is the closest a game has come I think to feeling like Saw or Texas Chainsaw Massacre.  A brutal nightmare that you can't wake up from, SIlent Hill is obviously an influence too.Ths game is hard, but in a good way - every time you are faced with a seemingly impenetrable enemy or group of enemies there's always a smarter way to apprach them than shooting your way out which makes each encounter feel more like a puzzle to be solved rather than a battle to be won.It doesn't fall into the cliche of providing an endless amount of locked doors and doors locked from the other side either, so whilst the overall path is linear the contained hubs of the levels are not, providing lots of creative opportunities to approach them in many different ways.It doesn't do tension as well as Alien Isolation and it doesn't make you feel as uncomfortable as silent hill but it delivers in jump scares and vile, disgusiting gore.If you are a gamer and a horror fan this is definitely worth 20 hours of your time."
,Recommended,268050,12486130,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,VenithFour,Edit from older review.This game used to lack a lot of PC optimization features. It used to feature black bars to add a widescreen cinematic movie effect to the game. It also used to be locked at 30FPS. I had heard rumors that Bethesda would not be implementing these features into the game as these features would take away from the atmospheric horror story of the game. With the recent update I'm glad these rumors were put aside. You have the option to change those settings and play it as you wish. If you enjoy horror and blood I would highly recommend this good looking game.
,Recommended,268050,12894168,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Volf,"This is a very iffy game.  Don't go into this game expecting it to be the next Resident Evil 4 and you should be alright.GraphicsAfter a patch or two this game is playable on keyboard and mouse and I now wouldn't play it any other way.  The graphics are on par I would say but nothing spectacular other than a few scenes.  The graphics settings do about the bare minimum to satisfy anyone but them removing the 30 FPS lock was a big deal.StoryAt its bare bones you won't find anything signifigant in terms of story here.  It seems as if they left some of it out on purpose to make room for the season pass featuring a side character from the main story.  The story has some depth to it if you want to study Kantian constructivism but at base value it is mediocre at best.GameplayProbably the best part about this game is the gameplay.  It plays like a much smoother RE4 and even like a Dead Space game.  There are lots of places to set traps in order to conserve ammo and play it how you want to.  The stealth sort of falls flat on its face but the other raw gameplay is quite enjoyable in my opinion.Spook FactorIt has its few moments of absolute terror, such as one iconic boss fight which leaves you screaming, but other than that there is a lot to be desired in terms of spookinessOverallI would reccomend this game but on lots of precautions as it must fit the type of game you like (action third-person, survival) otherwise I dont see any jaw breaking thing about this game that could make you change preferred genre for it.It is a litterally just ok game.  Not great, but also not bad7/10"
76561198094998469,Recommended,268050,12896372,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Pennywise,"So Far the game (story wise, entertainment, atmosphere) is great, it really sucks you in in every chapter. Graphics arent bad either, some issues graphics wise have nothing to do with how they look, i fell people and myself included have problems with how the game decided to manage the optimization of the game, i have an i5 4670 and 780 ti sli, 8GB RAM (not sure if the cpu is a bottleneck haha) but mt pc cant push even 60 fps 25% of the time, so either im doing something wrong or the game is incredibly demanding. I enjoy my time with it, a few bugs and pop ins but nothing game breaking."
,Recommended,268050,12945848,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,antonmaju,"Normally I didn't like to write a review but in Evil Within case, it got a lot of bad reviews.A lot of people complaining about technical issues rather than the actual content itself.First, let me tell you that I played it  on 60 fps with no letterbox. and haven't had any single crash. This may differ with you, so if you are not sure then you should try the demo first.I played Evil Within on survival difficulty and it was an enjoyable experience.The game was intense , not scary, I didn't know what will happen next and a lot of things can kill you easily.The lack of ammo also made me more nervous.The survival difficulty which is supposed to be normal difficulty, was harder than ""normal mode"" of other games.I died a lot of times, but its checkpoint system  was really good so I didn't feel frustated.The graphics was not special but I was dissapointed more with its story pacing and ending.Last few chapters also felt rushed.It seems that this game was designed to have sequels.Overall, Evil Within is a good, solid game,  8/10.It is not a must buy, but if you are looking for a survival horror which is similar to older Resident Evil / Silent Hill, then you should try it."
76561198031540498,Recommended,268050,13067186,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,wadanohara,Came for the horrorStayed for the Joseph
76561197963031780,Recommended,268050,13071613,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Dark Trojan,"Despite the negative reviews of this game, I just finished it and the story is a bit meh, but the community needs more games like these with a better background stories but this game gives you a greate challenge and the controls are great.Gripping at times, makes me jump out of my seat I can skip stuff I already watched so no time wasted, graphics are great. Really awesome job. Def worth every penny."
,Recommended,268050,13220439,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ok,"For all the hate the game received when it first released. I can tell you that it was hated mainly for hardware issues. Imo people were just mad they couldnt run this game pass 60 fps. I find this game very enjoyable, beautiful scenery, and a confusing story. I say confusing but if you listen into the commentary and actually watch every cutscene/important parts you can learn a lot about the story.Fun, scary (Disturbing often but can get your heart pumping at certain moments), and a must buy for Resident Evil 4 fans."
,Not Recommended,268050,20784161,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,DJ Orange,"Tagged as 'Horror' and 'Survival Horror'. If you want to be tensed and always on the edge of your seat, this game's not for you. This is more like a puzzle game as to which you need to outwit your dumb opponents.-Aiming is bad. Even though the game said it has auto-aim.-You might think you're hidden, but you're not.-It is hard to see beyond your body when hiding. Making it difficult to see what happens when you're hiding.-Not scary. At all.-There's no way to dodge when you're in a combat?-The enemies can't be staggered, you hit, they'll hit you too.-False advertising as the trailer graphics is stunning, while the in-game ones is bad.-Locked FPS. :(+There's a Resident Evil feel when I'm playing this game. Which is nice. Even the chapter ending resembles RE.+Story's mind blowing. Transitions within in-game scenes kind of confusing but keeps the player attentive.Verdict: Cons outweigh Pros, glad I bought this on sale. Nope, I won't recommend this on full price. Get this when on sale.I was hyped by this game. Now, I'm sad."
,Recommended,268050,24269575,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,galacticsplash,"The storyline is very intricate and interesting, the graphics are great, and a lot of detail and work was put into this game. Awesome game!"
76561198009303583,Recommended,268050,20464688,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,No0ne,"For the time the game lets me enjoy it, as it keeps bloody crashing/locking up, It was fun.maybe its a win10 thing idonno but i can run other games without issue."
,Recommended,268050,20570518,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,AngryBaptist,"Great game, but too many hackers.Here's a list of hackers to watch for:the sadistsLaurathe invisible hauntedtrauma hauntedSentinelAlphaShigyoHeresyQuellDopplegangerThe KeeperRuvik"
,Recommended,268050,20644694,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,McHuntFace,"Wasn't the best, but still very fun.  Not as scary as the made it out to be."
76561198119337654,Not Recommended,268050,20663999,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Parkreiner,Badly optimized PC port. My PC exceed the recommended requirements but still get bad framerate and crashes.Waste of money.
76561198061553430,Recommended,268050,21701301,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Cyono,Half the time I spent on this game was spent trying to find the one object I had to pick up or look at for the game to let me trigger the cutscene and progress.I explored so much I'm a better explorer than Dora The Explorer
76561198027114125,Not Recommended,268050,21776697,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Elass Wipe,I played through chapter 4 and couldn’t take it any longer.The game is TEDIOUS and SLOW.
76561197994223544,Not Recommended,268050,22012677,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Lemon Cheesecake,Frustrating controls and trial and error gameplay does not make a good horror game.Mouse lag in the menus is beyond irritating.
76561198006849221,Recommended,268050,22349657,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,rjazz2,It's too gory to be scary. Just like high school.
,Recommended,268050,21220386,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,EdyVinicius,Great horror game. I thought i would never see horror games like in the old days. This game is a kind of good example of that.
,Recommended,268050,19540275,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DancinPartyBoy,"Great game, actually has a good scare factor to it doesnt heavily rely on jump scare. Has a creepy and sinister feel to it and is definatly NOT a shoot'em up game due to the lack of bullets found."
76561198053243606,Recommended,268050,19682768,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,UberSloth,"Great graphics, interesting story, very long, if not a bit too long but good bang for your buck. My only gripe would be the last battle was a bit dull but overall, a worthy addition to anyones collection."
76561198037306997,Not Recommended,268050,20160504,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Risakay,Can't even get past the loading screen boss.
,Recommended,268050,22630023,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,mapleground,This game make me feel sleepy. zzZ
,Recommended,268050,22426642,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Muchness,"This game makes me shriek like a girl... oh, wait...."
,Recommended,268050,22856690,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,rpm91,"Awesome game, but the end was meh... it could be way better. Recommended, specially if you like games like Outlast."
76561198068582591,Recommended,268050,20406808,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Gego144 trade.tf,Fun and pretty spooky
76561198085052336,Not Recommended,268050,21432117,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Artorias,"Great atmosphere, but the garbage story, characters and combat make this shambles impossible to recommend."
,Recommended,268050,22099473,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Winkbell,"Outlast ( Dead Sadist, Run and High ) + Resident Evil ( Fight with Creature and Zombie ) = The Evil Within.Oh my god."
,Recommended,268050,24153442,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,King David ︻デ═一,"Stunning graphics, it looks awesome. It has a long storyline, so you dont get bored. Also, I wouldn't say that this game is super super scary. its a little scary, but i would say mostly suspenseful. The word suspenseful defines this whole game, but that is a good thing!"
76561197970620042,Recommended,268050,34542601,Posted: 27 August,all,E. Vile,Expect frustration. Expect to die... Many... MANY times. Expect to question why you even purchased the game.It isn’t perfect. But it is a challenging yet fair horror experience. If you expect to breeze through this game undaunted while it makes you feel like an armchair action hero then don’t even bother. But if you want a gore filled deathstravaganza driven by light action and strategy then you are in the right place. Fans of the old-school unforgiving resident evil games will feel right at home.
,Recommended,268050,19379892,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ØØ,This is one really good and scary game you have to play :) 10/10
,Recommended,268050,32973609,Posted: 28 June,all,Dog Nuts™,"Played the hell out of it on xbox 360, xbox one, and now replaying through it again for PC. Definitely worth $12 for the game and DLC.+Spoopy atmosphere+no jumpscares+ability to actually fight backit's true survival horror."
76561198015858126,Not Recommended,268050,14748795,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Raymond Reddington,boring
76561198140343200,Recommended,268050,32235714,Posted: 7 June,all,Cukierasek,This game is simply amazing.
76561198295926615,Recommended,268050,30812222,Posted: 29 March,all,ripper,This is the most fun horror game I've ever played
76561197993002732,Recommended,268050,16941331,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ORAA,Highly Recommended TitleStory 5/10unclear storyGameplay 7/10Graphics 7/10Atmosphere 10/10Sounds 9/10Music 9/10Overall Rating 7.8/10Would Play Again?Yes/No
,Not Recommended,268050,18371124,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,AlRokerSurprise,"Plays about the same as RE4. Would recommend but the last 3 chapters started crashing randomly and frequently. Very frustrating. If it is cheap on sale, I'd say get it."
,Recommended,268050,34838926,Posted: 9 September,all,R@T$,"The Evil Within, The Evil Within - The Consequence, The Evil Within: The Executioner, The Evil Within: The AssignmentA great story, One of the best horror games Ive ever played.Even DLCs are worth the time.2nd Part would be great, and waiting to be released.Even though, game is 3 years old, Graphics each and everything is in detail. Working perfect with my Nvidia Gtx 970 xD 60 fps constant lock, thats what game support options show me in graphic settings.Also, I played with Cheats like God mode ON, as well infinite Ammo, yea without this, this can be real challenge. ~_~"
,Recommended,268050,27283170,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AFidgetSpinner ߷,Not normally a big fan of this style of game but this game is awesome.
76561198280097935,Recommended,268050,27859822,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,✪mester95✪,Very Good!!
,Recommended,268050,27296801,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sir.Puhlia™,The story of this game is very hmmmmm greats i like it
,Recommended,268050,27314118,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rusher-STRIX970,nice a prepare to die survival horror game!
76561198000441635,Recommended,268050,12485240,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Stratajim,"Very reminiscent of resident evil 4, but much prettier. Has an amazing cinematic visual appeal to the game, and the quality of sound and lighting is on par too. Sure, not every single texture is top notch, but the far and few blemishes do not take away from the overall experience. Most of the complaints about this game will be about the locked 30 FPS, and the forced aspect ratio which will surely♥♥♥♥♥♥some people off. The good news is that bethesda already released a statement mentioning how to unlock the framerate, and change the aspect ratio to your liking.You can find how to unlock them here :http://www.gameinformer.com/games/the_evil_within/b/pc/archive/2014/10/13/master-time-and-space-for-the-perfect-screenshot-in-the-pc-version-of-the-evil-within.aspxGood Luck, and word to the wise... Keep enemies at a distance."
76561197993312995,Recommended,268050,12496673,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,㋛ > ๏̯͡๏ >  •̪̀●́,"I was concerned about the system reqs. but added 4Gb of RAM and the game runs fine.Win 7 64-bitAsus M4NT98 EVOPhenom II x6 @2.80Ghz (hexa core)GTX 560 w/1GB VRAM8GB System RAM8192Mhz paging file344.11 driversI've seen maybe one or two glitches like a spook stuck facing a wall or fence but other than that I'm enjoying the game a lot and on Chapter 6 with the 60fps unlocked and a forced aspect ratio of 1.8. Everything is maxed out at 1680 x1050 resolution. Seems like the majority of problems are happening to those with Intel CPU's and while I notice the occasional texture load like in Rage it doesn't wreck the game or make it any less suspenseful.My current suspicion is that the people ranting and foaming about how awful the game is/looks/runs have either outdated hardware (like running it on a laptop) or they're just looking to slander the game developers and hurt sales without even owning the game. I normally don't pay $60 for a new game, but feel it was worth it right before Halloween with this gem.Recommended purchase unless you want to wait for some patches or a sale."
,Recommended,268050,12679840,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Papa Leon,"Mindf*** story, disgusting enemy designs, great atmopshere, more gore than scary."
,Not Recommended,268050,12676587,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Laughingmen,"The letterbox playing with the wide screen aspect ratio is terrible, cant really fix it, you loose FOV cant be changed. Then the whole locked frames that are unlocked through the commands, shouldnt have to do that. when you start the game with the intro it can lock up and close game, real annoying. if i start it on laptop and or the htpc, the game launches to a secondary monitor that isnt even attached, so in order to get it, i have to set my computer to project a duplicate screen and trick it like it was attached to another screen. that was really frustrating. etc"
76561198016782188,Not Recommended,268050,24201127,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,V I D A L,"Look elsewhere for a survivor horror. This is not it. It's another action shooter with a horror theme. Don't get me wrong.. this is not really a bad game, but highly disappointing, especially due to the underlivery promisse of the return of classic survivor horror... It's not classic, nor survivor horror.. its a modern shooter that plays way too safe and simply try to redo everything RE4 and RE5 did before it. Poor story, poor design, heavily scripted with no room for creativity and meaningless stealth system that always finds excuse to push you into action. False sense of scarce ammo. Enemies will drop ammo and you can just shoot your way through. Mediocre at best."
,Recommended,268050,12500351,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Blacklight,"The game looks and is stunning but..Poorly Optimised.. :(I dont know is it just me or everyone, but the percentage of gamers with so high specs is very low.Less than 2% of gamers on steam have VRAM of 4GB and a so called AAA game completely forgets about PC Gaming Community.Recommend the game if Comp. Specs are High or save money for GTA V.Thank you."
,Recommended,268050,12489002,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Differentkid13,"Love this game alot! It has a very intense beginning and then slows down to let you catch your breath... but not for too long. It reminds me alot of Resident Evil 4 mixed with some Last of Us. Great atomsphere, I personally haven't even realized the black bars while i'm playing. The 30 FPS is just fine. There's been no stuttering or lag on my machine. Which is a GTX 680 with I5 2500k and 8g RAM... So yea Fantastic.. will be a must play before too much longer."
76561198069748241,Recommended,268050,12493065,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sirhc,"dont know why people are upset i run the game great , sure the game runs at 30 fps locked  but that doesnt mean this game should get a bad review."
,Recommended,268050,12535477,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,TPI | Ketobbey,"Did I start to feel massive hate for the game? At the start yes. There was stupid things like models missing from cut scenes and other really weak things that jumped out at me, when I first started playing.Did I start to feel terror and anxiety? Very much yes. I cared for the work I had put in clearing an area and didn't want anything unknown to find me and end my successes. I also didn't want to be scared by something attacking me I didn't know what there until it was too late.Yes the bars at the top and the bottom of the screen are dumb BUT they are what helps feel the fear. You can't see everything all at once and while you are looking down for traps you can easily miss the fact that you, yourself are being looked at and are about to die!Oh and the ways you can die. They put a smile on my face. One of the times I died it was so awesome I gave a little girly glee noise.I am not very fare into the game now. I did take 1 hour just to get to the intro movie. And it took me that long because the game is very detailed. It does give you so much to see. The storey is unfolding in a very creepy way.YES there are haters out there. I would have supported them until I found the ""village"" and what I found there, after it was all over, made me take some time to leave the game. I needed the brake. My nerves had been shot and I really could not take any more.I had to write this review.I had to let you know THIS IS A GOOD GAME. Yes there are a few things 30FPS with no ""in game"" way to change it. (But you can edit the config for the game to get 60FPS, so it's no big deal but it did suck to have to fiddle around instead of diving in. The devs need to add the option for 30, 60 or 120 FPS. I mean thats just standard today is it not?And yes the black bars at the top and the bottom did upset me to start with BUT they really do add to the game. Oh my they really do.And the last thing that ticked me off was WHY THE F, DOES MY MOUSE ACT SO STUPID IN THE MENU? Anyway I have and Xbox controler for my PC and games like this really are better using one to play the game with. The mouse issue is now a thing of the past but DOES REALLY TICK ME OFF.... REALLY? REALLY? REALLY.... I mean the first thing you are introduced to when you can take control of the game and start your setup is the mouse and OH IT DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY!!!OK, moving on. I LOVE THIS GAMEI think you should get it and play it.I have left everything out of this review that would give you any idea of what is a head for you except the Village and when you get there your life is your own to do with as you will... Oh and you will do away with your life if you don't look where the danger may be coming from...Enjoy.The Evil Within7/10 - this score will go up I can tell as I get more into the game, it is based on the time I have been playing and on the 3 things that have really ticked me off. As I play longer and those things become less and less important I will come back and add new scores to my review. Stay tuned. This review is a living Review and will see updates.UPDATE 1 of this reviewI am now 5 hours in and I am taking my time. Part of why it has been a day since I played the last 2.5 hours is becuase this is doing my nerves in. I can't play for a long time. I keep needing to take a rest from it and then I will wait and wait some more. It's freaky! And it's cool!More to come!Update 2 of this review.Someone in the forums wanted to know if the game was scarey. I wrote this:To answer the question I ahv e one word ATMOSPHERE. Set the mood before you play. Play at home, at night, with the lights off, With your screen setup correctly (I MEAN WITH A SCREEN ADJUSTMENT DISK FOR BEST WHITE AND BEST DARKS get an .ISO) and set all the sound up just a little. Don't play the most easy game lvl, play the game and the hardest lvl the game lets you. Have no distractions. Turn off your phone. Wear headphones to give yourself the""?Is that noise coming from the game or outside??"" And this game will make your skin crawl!Enjoy."
76561197987100765,Recommended,268050,12496455,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SHITBENDER,"The ""oldschool"" scare did appear for me. First impression is by far good. Although maybe somewhat dumb enemies (?)  Now, gut up and play through the game :P"
,Recommended,268050,12488867,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,theguywhosultra,"It's basically Resident Evil 4 with better graphics and more gore. The gameplay feels almost exactly the same, even with the traps and what-not. The presentation and voice acting is really nice and definitely has a film-feel to it.If you're looking for more psychological horror, I would recommend skipping this one and waiting for Silent Hills. This one is more about gore and jump scares. Even still, it's a really fun experience - even with it's issues.Runs with no issues on an i7/GTX 780m. No performance dips, and it runs well at 30 and 60 frames (depending on the option you choose to go with). For whatever reason, the game isn't registering correctly on Steam and you won't be able to see your achievements in your activity page or profile, but they are unlocking. Screenshots aren't showing up either. (EDIT: This has been corrected)The Evil Within is still a good time and a nice change of pace from a lot of the other games out there right now. Definitely worth playing through if you have the time."
,Recommended,268050,12506488,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"Great return to the genre for Shinji Mikami.Have not had any of the crash issues other people are complaining about, game has run great so far.The games executes suspense very well.The boss fights in the game are some of my favorite in horror games."
,Recommended,268050,12489949,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Kaffegutt,"Even though the fps is capped to 30, and the black bars are there. You'll have a great experience if that doesn't bother you that much. the game is both scary and brutal, and it's what you have to get if you're into those kind of things.(You can change the 30fps cap to 60 and remove the black bars in the console, but you should give the default settings a try given that if you change it it'll probably cause some lagg.)"
76561197996121980,Recommended,268050,12510005,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,VACBanned,"Specs: Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3820 CPU @ 3.60GHz (8 CPUs), ~4.2GHz 16GB RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 690, 4MBI do not have any issues running the game, and so far, I like it.  In fact, I have had ZERO problems.  The black bars are an essential part of the experience, in my opinion.  I think it allows you to feel closer to the character as if you were there with him.In my opinion, the people who are giving this negative reviews because of ""subpar optimization"" are probably running subar hardware.  One guy gave a bad review because it does not play well on his laptop.  Really?  A laptop?Try the game out if you can.  If it is something you like, buy it.  If not, find something else.  That is all anyone can do."
,Recommended,268050,12492765,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,BASED Justice(OUT OF TOWN),"Clunky controls, bla bla, not enough ammo, blabla.Welcome back Survival Horror, we missed you."
,Recommended,268050,12490627,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Entark,"Went into the enemy barn, blew up their pigs with a grenade, and lit all their hay on fire with matches. Now I'm hiding in a cloest waiting for them to starve to death. 11/10"
76561198045119021,Recommended,268050,12486499,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,MaZdA MoN3Y,"I think I'm half way through. So far I'd give it an 8.5/10. The art style and world so far has been reaaaally cool. I just love how it can be so, strange and almost tripppy but have a really dark sinister vibe. Total mind ♥♥♥♥. In addition the mechanics are fairly tight and while it is certainly linear, there is an okay amount of places to search for certain goodies, be it colletibles, journals, or keys that unlock stuff in a rest point in the game.A con is that it feels too much like RE4, or like deadspace; I mean this isn't a bad thing but i wish they was more innovation in terms of gameplay. Maybe its still to come, but I'd like the weapons to disappear more often and have to stealth it which encourages the game to be more frightening since you're vulnerable. Ammo management is crucial but almost all the time I always have ammo for a certain type of weapon, but then again I am an absolute item hoarder and i always explore every last nook and cranny. Lastly, I wish it was just more scary.I'm looking forward to giving it another go, and so far I'd be really happy to see this turn into a franchise.edit: Also another con is the black bars at the top at bottom which is supposed to give it a movie look. I feel thats more of a gimmick. Secondly, its a bit weird how you have to use a command in the console to give it 60fps, but hey, at least its there. People says its unoptimized, but I have the reccomended specs and I get 45-60 fps."
,Recommended,268050,12487361,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mozic,"I started to have a lot more fun with this game when I stopped playing it like Amnesia and started to play it like Resident Evil 5. The game substitutes a horror atmosphere for mechanically intensive gameplay, which just makes me hungry for cooperative play. I personally look forward to playing more of the game, but I don't think that this is the sort of game that I'd recommend to everybody. Honestly, if you found RE:5 to be an enjoyable and potentially even memorable experience, I'm confident that you'll like this too. The inverse is also likely the case."
,Recommended,268050,12497205,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MrLongDonger,"Here is a review of just my honest opinon on the game. So yes the game is locked at 30 fps and the ascept ratio is kinda poopy and the letter box is annoying at times. You can fix this problems. So I seriously dont understand why people are complaining about this problem when you can fix this problem in like 5 minutes. Also they said or shall a say ""rurmored"" it to be 30 fps locked to begin with.So I have only around 30 minutes with the game. I love it. It feels and acts like resident evil 4 and I god damn love it. I also love how this game has chainsaw guys. I love it and hate it. Cause well those were the worst for me in resident evil 4 or any resident evil game.I know there is around 15 chapters so really who knows how long this game is seeing as I have it on the highest diffcutly and well I already died 5 times. So its kinda a stealthy horror surivual game. It being diffcult thu sucks cause it will take away that fear factor in a way.Alot of people are complaing about the enemy ai and I did come across a ai problem I guess? Where I was in the locker and the chainsaw guy just stared right at me then grumbled something and went bat crazy on the wall next to me. To be honest that made me chuckle and shudder in fear.I recommend this game. If you want to spend 60 dollars on a game this is where you should spend it on."
76561197960793532,Recommended,268050,12533313,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Blanka4545,"Cool game lot of fun! So far played it and loving it so far! Resident evil 4 feel with some resident evil one elements good times! :) Thumbs on the cool work of Resident Evil creator Shinji Mikamai! Negative reviewer seriously get a nice comp like mine to run it no problem! I got a I core 5 2500k with a 4gb Nivdia Evga 770 gtx super clocked with 8 gb kingston ram, This satisfies my cpu's hunger for high end cpu requirements. Looking for more games like these! Get this game and have fun! yeah! :)"
,Not Recommended,268050,25488278,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kaldrak,"If you are a veteran survival horror gamer, there are two ways you are likely to take The Evil Within.1. This game reminds me of all my favorite survival horror games and I really enjoy it!2. This game is a soulless rip-off of all my favorite survival horror games and I hate it.I fall into the latter category.Imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery, but it helps if you actually put together something that is good...or at least written well...or voice acted well...or that has a coherent narrative...or consistent gameplay...or a protagonist with an actual personality, or, or something.Something other than this.If you are brand new to the survival horror genre, I have nothing but pity for you if you start with The Evil Within. You have no idea how utterly shallow this game is, and you aren’t likely to realize it until you play something much better.If you are interested in a full length, in depth review, you are welcome to check out my website, where I go into much more detail about how TEW killed my dog and why it ruined everything for me, FOREVER.http://www.opinionatedslant.com/the-evil-withinNo seriously. I’m told it’s one of my better reviews. Check it out!"
,Recommended,268050,12568558,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Dingus',I GOTTA SHOVE BARBED WIRE INTO MY BUNGHOLE AND TWIST IT AROUND. BUY THIS GAME NEED MORE CHAINSAWNS IN MY STERNUM.
,Not Recommended,268050,12525085,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Razor Ramon,"I just finished the game (11 hrs, Survival, 38 deaths) and I'm here to tell my own honest opinion about The Evil Within.PROS:-Atmosphere is decent-Scavenging (This is good since ammo and meds are scarce and there are A LOT of enemies through out the game, you have to save your ammo for tougher enemies/situation especially in the later chapters. And the upgrades as well, be sure to search the area thoroughly for green jars.)-Upgrades (Use your green gel wisely.)-Stealth (Use your surroundings to your advantage.)-One-time events. (The statues.)-Laura (Adrenaline will run through your whole body.)-Ruvik (The mansion chase part. It really adds tension since he can kill you instantly and you NEED to escape him.)CONS:-Bugs (for example, you have to Examine something and it will take a minute or two for the camera to return to its original position. In Chapter 3, when you're inside the barn, you can trigger the Sadist boss fight even though you're at the second floor.)-Graphics (Subpar.)-Boss fights (You'll end up saying, ""That's it? or What the hell just happened?!"". Seriously, boss fights should be challenging.)-Oversensitive traps.-You can already tell what's gonna happen.-Double barrel shotgun is useless.-Game is too dark. (Crank up the brightness, the game loses its scare factor. Lower the brightness, just turn off your pc.)-The crow carrying a statue. (It is designed to waste your bullets, if you can't aim properly.)-There's a new definition for the term headshot.-Checkpoints + Ridiculous deaths (I don't want to repeat what I just did a minute ago because of my unusual death.)-Chapter 15 (Especially the last part. Are you serious?!)-Detective Castellanos can't jump.Overall, this game is okay. You can clearly tell that this is just a port because of the graphics, control, and the cut scenes. I'll give this game a 6/10 since it's a letdown because I'm expecting Evil Within to deliver a RE2/RE3 type of experience but, unfortunately, it didn't."
76561198002176259,Recommended,268050,12687889,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,GregH94,Happy-go-lucky family fun!
,Not Recommended,268050,12588430,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,kopelt07,"First off, I'd like to say that TEW is NOT a terrible game, however, it has more issues and let downs that I like (or even should exist), therefore, I cannot recommend this game. At least right now with my current progress... I am a long-time survival horror fan (horror fan in general) and I love these types of games, movies and everything. It's hard to scare me or disturb me, but I know real horror when I see it. In all honesty TEW, in my opinion, is just a modern recreation of Resident Evil 4 and Silent Hill, with some additional survival elements added to the game and fantastic graphics. It has NOTHING new or innovative at all. I'll list the strengths and weaknesses I see and why I do not currently recommend this game.NOTE: Review is subject to change as I experience any, and/or when I finally beat the game and have completed the experience entirely.WEAKNESSES:1) 30fps lock, forced widescreen, and aimingThe 30fps lock is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... I know they created this game with the intent of making it feel, play, and even look old school, but you can never totally achieve that unless you and the gamers want to take a time machine back to 1990.... The fact of the matter is that you need to be modern at a basic level. That includes not only graphics, but design features of the game as well. fps is included in this. With the quality of graphics this game has, limiting fps to 30 creates issues for a lot of people (though some don't experience any). If you're going to have great graphics, you need a great fps, and that's just a basic fact.Forced widescreen isn't all that bad of an idea, but the fact that it takes up between 30-35% of the ENTIRE screen IS bad! I know they're trying to achieve a movie feel, but it's a game and you're still controlling it. The forced widescreen is such a leap that it is uncomfortable on many levels for most players.  On top of that, the aspect ratio isn't even spot on for the forced wide-screen... They need to really change this... The bars need to be cut by 1/3 (maybe even 1/2 or removed entirely), and the aspect ratio needs to be optimized for TRUE wide-screen if they're going to do it all... Right now, it's just a full screen aspect ratio stretched out between two random♥♥♥♥♥black bars to make it look like it's wide screen when it's actually not... it's awkward as hell... some people may be able to get used to it, but many can't.Aiming.... the zoom for aiming is quite massive... this may be very intentional, but it makes aiming harder than is realistic... Anybody who is trained at using fire arms and knows how to aim would easily be able to cap a zomie in the head while it was only yards away from them... especially with how awkwardly and at times slowly they move. The fact that it's just awkward moving the aiming corsair around because of how far the zoom is makes the player (and Sebastian) shoot about as good as 2 year old. It also moves way too slowly. This may be a subjective downfall, but to me, it's a big enough one to point out.2) Not Scary... At AllFor people who have played their share of horror games and seen their share of horror films, you will be disappointed to find out that the fear factor of this game (at least to me) is next to 0... most of the enemies are just ugly♥♥♥♥♥zomies, then there's one bad guy that is a total rip off of skin-face (chainsaw massacre dude). There also enemies that you can tell were directly influenced from Silent Hill... enemies are predictable... the AI is dumb... everything I've experienced so far is something I have already experienced 50 million times to the T, and is therefore no longer scary or disturbing.The scariest part of the game is the environment... and that's a bad thing. The environment should only ever serve to setup the scares, immerse you into the world, and put you in the mood. Yet the developers seemed to fail entirely at establishing this beyond the strong environment. To me, it's just not scary and a survival horror kinda needs to be scary, not a regurgitation of something that everybody is already used to and no longer scared of... Whenever I play this game, I feel like I'm playing RE4 again, and that is a bad thing.... I shouldn't feel like that, I should feel like I'm playing The Evil Within: a ""new"" game with it's ""own"" identity.Yes there's nothing new under the sun, and it's extremely rare and unlikely for anything truly original. I'm not saying that, I'm saying that it's impossible to play this game without feeling like you're actually playing a Resident Evil or Silent Hill game. That's why this is bad. It's The Evil Within, not Resident Evil or Silent Hill...3) Bad Port.... I really shouldn't have to explain how obvious that is...STRENGHTS1) Graphics are pretty good if you have an up-to-date system. It's a pretty game to play.2) The story is good (though not amazing). It certainly isn't a new idea, but at least it's well written with good voice acting and progression. The only bad part to this is that the chapters are super short.3) The Name is awesome; metal as ♥♥♥♥.4) Game-play is pretty decent, not very clunky or confusing (except for aiming). It's an easy game to play, mechanically.CONCLUSION: TEW isn't a terrible game and it's good enough for me to keep playing it because I spent $60 on it and I don't want to waste my money. It's also good enough to at least play through 1 time. However, it's not good enough to make it my first choice, or make me stoked whenever turning it on. It's just another Resident Evil/Silent Hill game. Literally, that's it. The design flaws can be worked around with console commands or editing the .cfg file, and hopefully more stuff will be fixed with patches, but I just can't recomment this game because it fails to wow me in almost every way. Plus it's a bad port... wait for it to go on sale, but do not spend $60 on this game... You will likely slap or kick yourself for doing so."
76561197961267671,Not Recommended,268050,12586478,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,* LGG * McBain,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!  IT CRASHES RIGHT AT THE START UP SCREEN.  A TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND $60.  SHAME ON YOU BETHESDA!
76561198041234533,Not Recommended,268050,15516763,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,[LTac] n3m0,"Downvoted only due to the following:The practice of paying for mods is antithetical to the nature of the modding community; an optional ""DONATION"" button is not (Just like on the Nexushttp://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/?). Was a fun game, The fact that Valve is doing this and that Bethesda is endorsing it and they both taking the largest share of the modders' work is American Corporate greed at it's finest.Take something artistic and done for the love of the subject matter, monetize it, then allow the accountants to define art as widgets, and then creativity is now run by the mercantile class, the middle men, who are ""America Corporates"".If they had any integrity and decency, any moneys brought in, at the very least, should be 100% donated to charities on behalf off the modding community in conjunction with Valve or Bethesda or whomever. See Gaben, you don't need the cash grab, you can win by getting good press which in the long run would do better for you to show you are not like EA et al."
76561198074450875,Not Recommended,268050,12510207,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,iromashko,I want my money back!
76561198001390076,Not Recommended,268050,16364728,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Daddy Donuts,"the game can be fun if you are looking for a mindless horror game that follows a mystery to simple for even an episode of scooby doo, and clunky controls. i was very excided for this game and bought it the day it was released. i enjoyed every seconded of it untill it became very clear that the only entertaining thing this game has to offer is a spooky atmosphere. worth $10 on sale tops."
,Not Recommended,268050,14700806,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BOOTY SWEET,"I've have not seen a game this bad since bomberman act zero. Easily one of the worst games made in the last 10 years.  The boss fights are some of the most frustrating affairs in recent memory, with the ability to run much faster than you with instant kill attacks. Most boss fights dissolve into a war of attrition and luck, particularly the encounters in Chapter 10. The graphics are terrible with low resolution textures and poor shadows. Id tech 5 does not do any favors for the games that run it, as rage and W:TNO have proven. Traps and enemies can instant kill you, leaving you to repeat the past 30 minuets of gameplay as checkpoints are spread so inconsistently. Some chapters have checkpoints left and right, while others don't.  Those that don't stick out like a sore thumb and have you question the developers intent. Word of advice: DO NOT HAVE INSTANT KILL ENEMIES IF YOU'RE GOING TO BE STINGY WITH CHECKPOINTS!! This is the only game that I've reviewed to where I have not completed the game, as I can no longer bring myself to beat it (and I beat Tomb Raider 2013 to completion). Avoid this game at all costs. Use your money to buy a better game. Like.... Resident Evil 4."
76561198074422396,Not Recommended,268050,20948215,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Yang Xiao Long,I try to play but everytime I'm in the game i just don't want to play this game. Game mechanic is just bad for me.
76561198097730111,Recommended,268050,12505543,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,BL00DBALLAD,Will keep you on the edge of your seat and cursing yourself the whole time. Brilliantly Made!
76561197970341827,Recommended,268050,12507817,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,CTSxViper,"I am absolutely enjoying this game so far on a MSI Gaming Laptop Core i7 with 20 gig of DDR3, and a GTX 880M and it is very smooth and I have AA enabled. I've had no crashes and no glitches so far. Be sure you have the last video drivers updated. I am running this from a 500 gig SSD and so far I love this game. Any issues users are having hopefully will be updated with a patch, or again check your drivers to be sure they are the latest. Hope this help!"
76561198022897265,Recommended,268050,32226508,Posted: 6 June,all,Mesjaf,The Evil Within is a great survival horro game with suprisingly good story.I had tons of fun with it as you can see by the time I spent playing it so it's totaly worth it's price especialy if you like to do all achievments in a game.To help you with that I have created this video guide.Check it out if you want to see some footage from the game before you buy it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=607493540
76561198021225608,Recommended,268050,12497606,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,proto,"Amazing game with smart gamedesign, dark atmosphere, but dated graphics."
,Not Recommended,268050,22968400,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,lime,they spent all of 45 mins on development and its garbagenot scary clunky controls generic enemies and 60$ don't get suckered
76561197970410061,Not Recommended,268050,12976000,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Xerin,"This isn't horror, and it certainly isn't scary. It is more like the movie Hostel in that it is only gore or grisly deaths that other games have done to much better effect. Seriously the only reactings you will get from playing this are sighs. This is tired and boring, save your money and don't bother with this one. Get Alien Isolation instead."
76561197970496490,Not Recommended,268050,18963555,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Villnius,"Before you even consider buying the PC version of this game, be aware that the requirements specs are completely false.First, the game has a horrible memory leak to it.   Unless you're ok with it crashing to desktop every 30 min, you need at least 8GB of system RAM (even then, don't expect to play it more than 1:30 at a time).   The 4GB minimum spec that's listed on the box and on Steam gets thrown out the window as soon as you contact BethSoft's tech support.Second, the video card?  It says 1GB is the minimum.  However, that is apparently the minimum spec for the first little bit of the game.   The first part of the intro is a rail sequence, where you're expected to hold down a key get things to move forward.   It may as well have been a cutscene, because that illusion of control is all the control you've got until just after you get inside.   After that, if your video card has less than 2GB, just mouse looking around will be a stop motion slide show.  BethSoft tech support will tell you outright that 2GB is the real minimum video requirement but you have to contact tech support to find that out.On the plus side, now that I've upped everything to the minimum spec (not the one posted before you buy this piece of crap), I can now very smoothly look around .   That's about all I can do though, because the game no longer registers the keyboard at all.   Awaiting response from Bethsoft, and I fully expect them to tell me about some other deviation from the advertised minimum specs.The game is apparently quite good on PS4 and XBox One though.  Don't waste your money on the PC version at regular price.  The bugs and the inaccurate official system reqs for this game make it only worthwhile if your system has double the memory and double the video card memory that's listed..   The game's a year old now, and Bethesda has not fixed all the bugs and WILL NOT patch it further."
,Not Recommended,268050,33751756,Posted: 23 July,all,Chemical Taint,"I set myself up to be scared. Terrified, even. I turned off all the lights, put on my best headphones, started the game and.... Was bored within minutes.Let's start by listing some things that are not scary: Trial and error; waiting; escort missions; watching conversations; Turning cranks...These elements take up about 80% of the game. Maybe 20% of the game you get to do things you might actually want to do, and may even have some fun. The game is advertised as a ""psycological horror"" from the famous Shinji Mikami but there was little horror to be found and none of it psycological. Is the game is gory? Sure. Bloody? Absolutely. I could play any Gears Of War game and get that. It doesn't mean Gears Of War is a horror game. The only ""psycological"" part about it is that it's set around a mental hospital, and what happens within. I feel like the devs went down a checklist of everything that's already been done in survival horror games of the past and then made this game.Limited guns and ammo - Check; Slow turn with the first 'zombie' intoduction - Check; Beefy chainsaw enemy - Check; Reoccuring enemy with a 3-Dimensional object on it's head - Check; All the townspeople turn into enemies - Check;Even all of that stuff we've seen before I could have probably ignored to some extend but the worst thing about this game is that it does a terrible job of explaining it's mechanics to you and then throws them out the window whenever it wants anyway. ""Ran out of ammo? Not in this cut scene you didn't. We need it to move the plot along! Have very little stamina for running? Well we put in a chase sequence so you can sprint like a marathon runner for the next 30 seconds, regardless. In this part you have to sneak, in this part you have to fight, in this part you have to run..."" Instead of giving us the tools and letting the players make their own choice on how to advance the game makes you play by very specific rules at any given point in the game. This breaks any involvement I would have had and makes me very aware it's ""just a game"" and the fact that I have to keep going back to a ""hub world"" to upgrade and save just adds to that sensation. They could have had something with the whole 'matches' idea and burning things for puzzles, but they dropped the ball on that pretty hard. I was actually a point early in the game where I was thinking - ""You limited the amount of matches I can carry? Unless I upgrade to bigger pockets, oh, of course.... How silly of me."" There are no puzzles, by the way, if you were hoping for thatResident Evilstyle problem solving. Just pick up an item and take it to another room to open a door or something. Gotta figure out the dial combinations to save the girl? Your partner will just shout out the answer to you, so don't worry about it. That's the depth of ""problem solving"" in the game play we're getting. The story is ...fine... not good, but tolerable. I didn't get enough plot development around the main characters to make me care about them at all, even the character I was playing as. The DLC expands on things SLIGHTLY but I shouldn't have to look to DLC for back story and it's already too late by that point. The story is all about the ""experiment"" and trying to explain the antagonist's ideals to justify it's gory themes... and I don't care about the antagonist. He's the enemy. Unless there is some deep involved story about why he's being a jerk, then fine but (without spoiling anything) the story's pretty generic in that sense. As someone who spent way to many hours in this game (mainly due to the ""fluff"" the put everywhere) I really would not recommend it. It you're looking for a 3rd person horror game go play an oldSilent HillorResident Evilgame. If you're looking for something heavier on the ""horror"" scale, then playCondemned- but you can skip The Evil Within, and unless there are serious changes I'll plan to skip it's sequel. Looking back at this review I see that I really didn't like this game... I should probably say something positive.... uh... The graphics are nice."
,Recommended,268050,12505812,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Slayer,"A damn awesome survival horror game with film effects. It has some technical problems and may not have the best graphics. But do not be fooled by those negative reviews, the aspect ratio and frame rate lock adds on to the immersion, i have no problems with it so far. Only compaint is with the input lag with the mouse. I am playing it on max settings with FXAA at 1680x1050 along with a X360 controller for windows. It runs smoothly on my average rig(if anyone wanna reference) :i5 4690k8gb ddr3 ram660gtx 2gb vramXonar dgr sound card"
76561198116815058,Recommended,268050,23144480,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Der Knabe,Challenging survival horror with entertaining lore.
,Recommended,268050,12590486,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Cunning Mr.Lingus,"After seeing the initial reviews for this game I honestly didn't expect much. (Which were mostly complaints about the Black Bars and FPS Lock( both can be disabled))However, to my suprise, I found this to be one of the best zombie games I have ever played. The Story was decent, the combat was beautiful, the graphics were pretty good, the look of the monsters were astonishing and, unlike most zombie shooters, the game actually had challenging elements to it. This game is not that scary, mind you, but it is incredibly fun. Worth the Buy 8/10."
,Recommended,268050,12509573,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Duke of Sam,"Great game that plays and feels like a mash up resident evil 4 and silent hill. The level design is somewhat conservative with an emphasis on exploration, stealth and resource conservation. Whilst not outright terrifying like games such as outlast it does manage to maintain a constant sense of fear and vunrability, something that the slightly clunky controls add to. Overall I would definately recomend it..."
76561198123412837,Not Recommended,268050,12532128,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,python4161 4K,its seemed like a great game with all the hype. But its just too boring. I dont get that sense of fear like i did with aliens isolation. it feels too much like resident evil 6...
,Recommended,268050,12560738,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,-elmatic,"I love this game, simple as that. I know a lot of people are bashing how it's a terrible console port yadda yadda yadda, but it's really more than what people perceive it as. Yes, it's a console port. Yes, the black boxes are annoying. Yes, the FPS lock is stupid. But, one of the many pleasures that we have as PC owners is that we can fix what the developers decided not to implement or did not fix on release. We can fix the black boxes, the 30FPS lock, the FOV, the grainy horror film look, and we can make this into an even better game than it already is.Even though this game is not jump out your pants pee everywhere scary like Amnesia or Pneumbra, it still has a certain chill factor that causes my brain to crap it's theoretical pants and hope a demon doesn't see me hiding under the bed or see me just as i'm opening a closet to hide in it. Weapons aren't as powerful as you'd think, this isn't Dead Space or newer Resident Evils, you don't have an arsenal that's gonna tear your enemies apart. Far from that actually. I mostly find myself resorting to using the Crossbow to setup traps and barely ever using my Pistol or Shotgun unless I really need it, even then they might not even kill the Demon and you'll be wasting your ammo and resorting to running away hoping you can find a hiding spot. If you play in the right atmostsphere you can make this game into a very thrilling and chilling experience.I know the graphics aren't amazing and I'd hate to say it, but they're not even relatively good. But, you usually only notice the graphics within the first hour or so of playing the game, after that you're so in the zone that you don't notice a  texture pop in or bad textures. The grainy horror movie filter does give it a quite spooky feel and does make it feel a lot more tense than if the colors were clearer and more vibrant.I'd give this game an 7.5/10 maybe even an 8/10, it's far from perfect, but it's a lot better than what people are saying about it. Give the game a chance, and if you haven't played it and you're just those people who watches streams and then writes a review then actually play the game before critisizing it."
,Not Recommended,268050,34030722,Posted: 4 August,all,KOOPY SANDWICH,Horribly optimized. Still.
76561198081183868,Not Recommended,268050,20938432,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,charlie4862,"Awful. Not scary, lacking an interesting/original/coherent plot, likeable characters (you are repeatedly asked to save a guy i'd have much prefered just to let die), or fun gameplay. It won't give you that Resi 4 feeling, it'll just leave you disapointed."
,Recommended,268050,12507085,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,DandZNeo,"Well the mind of resident evil 4 did it again! great mind bending story and does a real good job to keep you thinking of ways to kill quick and effecient, in the interest of ammo conservation. looks great and had me with chills through out the game."
,Not Recommended,268050,21294486,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,JackxBlack,"TL;DR - an action horror game that fails to be both action and horror but somehow kept me playing, 5/10.It's a shame. This game is one of those that ""have potential"", however it wastes it all. Let's start with what this game is supposed to be (quote from game's site) ""a game embodying the meaning of pure survival horror."" or even (Wikipedia) ""psychological survival horror"" turns out to be a poor action game with lots of gore in it.The ""psychological"" part, I think, indicates that nothing makes sense (which is sadly often the case). The story is extremely dumb and unclear throughout the whole game it's actually amazing. There was no point where I finally understood what the hell is actually going on. The way it is presented, the way the characters moves from one location to another, the completely redundant and unrelated notes, journals and audio tapes create one big confusing mess. Characters that are in the game are all stright out of ""Most cliche characters in Japanese medias"", without even slight changes made. Their lines are written so poorly (or the localization to the western market was so poor) they made me cringe every 10 minutes. They have no depth, no backstory (main character's past is presented with journals we found at specific rooms, but it it absolutely unrelated from the game and also fits to the cliche model of this character), they do not grow, change, show emotion. Nothing.The other part, ""horror"", should be replaced with just ""gore"". There is nothing really scary in this game, only ugly and brutal monsters. The atmosphere is lacking, the main villan looks like he'd be down from 1 hit, multiple events that could be potentially scary are so grotesque they are instead funny. All this increases as the game goes on and it changes from a reather stealthy one to a full-out action game, that's made poorly. It tried to keep it's ""survival"" part by giving little ammo (Btw I just hate how games call themselves survival just because there's little ammo and there's absolutely no other survival part) which only made it frustrating, when as it goes on the amount of opponents becomes riddiculus.On the technical side it's no better. Even though some of the locations looked good as long as you didn't come too close, and some models were done very well (safe head!) there was a tone of blurry textures and low poly models. Despite that the games runs terribly. On a 980Ti, with framerate ""unlocked"" (which also forces vsync on!) I had 30-40 FPS with CONSTANT stuttering. It looked a bit better with a 30 FPS lock, but it still often dropped to 28, causing small stutters. For a game looking like this this is not acceptable. Additionally, turning black bars and grain postprocess by the fault to make it more ""cinematic"" just shows how ignorant the people behind the PC versions were, or how little money was put into the port. Another, one big technical issue is the camera, constantly jumping, twitching, stuttering, blocking on meshes, getting inside of meshes etc. Also there was a lot of other, smaller bugs, like goats bigger than men, collision-less meshes, LODs cutting off text on signs.. Really sloppy work.However, despite all of that I kept going, hoping it will all make sense in the end. Even though it didn't, and even despite the absurd final boss fight I didn't really feel like I've wasted that 15h. I had a lot of frustration and even more disappointment which is why I do not recommend this game, but still I also had some fun."
,Recommended,268050,19770648,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,BIVI SOBAKIMI,"When i play this gameI feelI envied youI envied youGoing out, I'm justI'm just not in it, at allPeople are still thereI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI envied youI envied youI envied youI envied youI can't take my eyes off youI envied youI envied youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI can't take my eyes off youI envied you, girlI envied you, girlI envied you, girlI envied you, girlI can't take my eyes off youI envied you, girlI envied you, girlI envied you, girlI envied you, girlI can't take my eyes off"
76561198045397399,Not Recommended,268050,24925677,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Colonel Passionfruit,This game fails at Survival Horror and being fun all at the same time.If you're thinking of buying this game just play Resident Evil 4 instead.
76561198149661406,Not Recommended,268050,24760524,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,NimChe,After spending 3 hours sneaking through and killing everyone silently I died from defusing a bomb .. respawned 3 hrs earlier . this game will literally bring out the evil within you along with an extra side of swear words.
,Not Recommended,268050,35103687,Posted: 21 September,all,CreamSoda,"Whilst The Evil Within is certainly visually impressive and atmospheric, the gameplay is just that bit too unrefined to be fun, the characters are uninteresting and the plot is non-sensical."
76561198007189049,Not Recommended,268050,12570425,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Pockmark,Three crashes in the 1st 1 hour ish of playing.Controls not responsive enough.Whats witht he big black borders blocking the views!Cant get control to work.Big no no until its optimised properly for PCIs however a game I wouyld like to continue with as it does have potential just not yet.
,Not Recommended,268050,27911424,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,UCK,"It's like dead space resident evil silent hill but scarier with all the too dark can’t see♥♥♥♥♥♥rooms, fov tinier than donald trump’s hands, headbob with no option to turn off for a third person shooter, invulnerable 1-hit-kill enemy chasing, hidden traps around every corner, and not enough health regen  b/w missions. Consequentially, all the damage you take are kinda permanent , which encourages loading early game save to avoid damage by repetition, while the game itself being already dragged excessively long and insufferable with what little story it delivers. Such “horror”In DLCs thing finally start to turning around. Despite kidman’s lack of personality both literally (less identifiable than Aiden Pierce) and figuratively (bethesda even went through the length to make her shirt semitransparent while wet) due to the mysterious lack of her appearances in main game, her assets were considered great addition to the DLC, also, both literally and figuratively."
76561197962053367,Not Recommended,268050,26341124,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Defonos,"Very well made game. It's a top-tier survival horror with great combat.   It's challenging, and sometimes frustrating, but the combat is fairly well thought out to where there's always a solution.Story and theme is kinda cliche but overall it's well doneThe game runs smoothly now (2-years after release)Now for the negative:About 3/4 of the way in, the quality of the game degrades significantly.  The atmosphere dies and the boss fights rely on very gimmicky mechanics.  They aren't necessarily too difficult just kind of stupid design imo.  Too often it's 'hey lets trap them in a small room and make them kill this boss' kind of thing.   Really kind of ruins the gameplay experience imo."
,Recommended,268050,24729724,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Tschisi,"Ca't really get htis game :/finished it and i feel more brain♥♥♥♥ed then at the beginning.maybe some 1 can explain to me what I played right here and why :D?the game itself was a awsome expirience, 16:9 aspect plus  ultry high end graphs, hard enemys and brain♥♥♥♥ everywhere :Dbut back to the basic:Pros:Great gameplay very balancedGraphs Omg the graphs are very often hand drawn with alot pasion in it.Enemys are very scarryGame overall is something newCons:YOu nend a beasty machiene to play this also i read alot about crashing and llow fps.For me the game ran like a charm so this is basically  a pro point.Story, well I didn't really understand the story I felt like a cowboy put into a fictive world ruled by a freaking kid who is apereantly my own crzy mind and this is all just a dram ?- Wtf was up with the death of that kid?- What happend to Kidman ?- Any idea why we look like best western sheriff?Ohh wow I just read on reddit everything about the story line LOL I am so stupidOk guys buy the game cause evrything is great about it also the story even there are  people like me who didnt understand it at all XD"
76561198080279704,Not Recommended,268050,19986499,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dynamite,"the game is lagging to much, and i have the requeriments to run itnot recommended for pc experience"
,Not Recommended,268050,22179704,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Dual triple Hentacle Special,The evil within is the least scariest game inside the planet.
76561198137904168,Not Recommended,268050,20886628,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,The Kingslayer,"While the game is definitely gruesome and terrifying, it also lacks having any sense of a story and turns boring after a few hours."
76561197998340835,Recommended,268050,23338354,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,AAlvarad,Pretty cool. This game is completely unforgiving. A tiny mistake and your dead.
76561198001922216,Recommended,268050,12541642,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Alpha,I really like this  game
76561198017594425,Not Recommended,268050,13070605,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,KURT,Very lagging gameEvery time it cracks after 5 min gaming
76561197978454468,Not Recommended,268050,14114041,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Imnuktam,"I was really hoping for something that felt like fear when i got this. Was such limited info out there on what the game was i wasnt sure, but it was really hyped as a scare the crap out of you horror game which is what i was looking, or rather, am still looking for. I have yet to actually be scared by this game. Opening part is the closest but after getting chainsawed by that guy a dozen times you will find you are just annoyed more than scared. Its just another in a long LONG line of zombie shooters. I have heard it said that at any given time there are more people in law school than their are practicing lawyers. Same can be said for zombie games, at any given time there are more being made than probably exist and i have really had my fill before i got this one.I wanted to make it farther into game before posting a review but really i just am never motivated to play this. l did learn one thing from this game though, NEVER EVER pre-order anything! Just wait a month and save 40$ when steam puts it on sale like it is now. The second thing is to avoid games made for consoles, THEN ported over to computer. Every game i have ever owned that crashes frequently falls into that category just like this one. I have played 3hrs total and crashed around half a dozen times.Paid 59.99 for this and here it is one month later for 20. Save yourself lots of $ and stop pre-ordering games like i just did today."
,Not Recommended,268050,35511724,Posted: 6 October,all,"Kurt ""Dirty"" Angle ""s""","just frustrating, I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing and I feel like I just need a guide and I'm on chapter 3.. I guess u just die 20 times figuring out the map and then running around the zombies? Got for 6$ CAN, I don't even know if it's worth it. Also, when I hit exit, the pause screen, my mouse will only move either vertically or horizontally, and barely moves or works half the time. My mouse is fine.. this part just extra frustrating lol. idk w.e is the second gonna be sick or what"
76561198046351569,Not Recommended,268050,35509453,Posted: 5 October,all,Skormdeyestalt,"Probably one of the most disappointing games I've ever played.It's like Shinji Mikami himself doesn't know why Resident Evil 4 is the greatest action game ever made. (Or why Resident Evil Remake is considered the best horror game ever made) The Evil Within only has a shallow understanding of the Survival Horror genre.The interplay and good game/level design is nearly non-existant. It plays more like a modern precision shooter with stealth elements.Not to mention disappointing use of the setting. Almost anything was possible, and what they went with is just conceptually confused.Hopefully Evil Within 2's new director John Johanas can show how to direct a game to be:1) Horrifying (TO PLAY)2) Have intelligent game/level design with a story that isn't told solely through cutscenes (and walls of text).3) Not following modern conventions that are killing the game industry."
,Recommended,268050,22851435,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DarkCell,This game is so scary i can't get past the first 40 minutes.
76561198077523203,Recommended,268050,22794928,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,SubFiend,"Pretty much RE4 with a really weird story, highly recommended 9/10"
76561198303803686,Not Recommended,268050,35470218,Posted: 4 October,all,Q1,"You won't know what is going on most of the time and you will quickly reach a point where you won't care what's going on either. This is not ""Survival Horror"" it's ""Surviving Annoyance"". The annoyance of poor cameras that get you hurt or killed constantly. The annoyance of being set up to think stealth kills to conserve suppllies would actually be a thing when it rarely is outside the early chapters. If you are a Survival Horror genre fan, skip this game, it was overhyped and doesn't deliver anything you'll wish you experienced. I got this game on sale after I heard that there would be a second one and all this game has done is convince me never to bother with the next game."
76561197978131107,Recommended,268050,16092367,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Superbeef,"When I was a young child, I imagined that I could take mental snapshots that would last a lifetime. I recall climbing a tree in our parent's front yard and a multicolored parachute in elementary gym class. I remember a wide ruled piece of paper that contained a an elaborate space battle that lived more honestly in the realm of emotion than it did in any actual form of artistic ability. For whatever it was worth, these brief inconsequential moments of time have been permanently etched into neurons eschewing anything of actual importance, like calculus or atomic theory. What if we could tap into this potential of the human brain, teasing out the lucid moments of our deepest dreams and laying them bare before us like some sort of workshop of the mind.So you can imagine my delight when I heard about THE EVIL WITHIN by the spiritual creator of Castlevania. When Sebastian Constampalous, a stoic man of Greek heritage too proud to lean on his church for emotional support, learns that an evil mental hospital has been conducting evil experiments with evil machines that can recreate memories and dreamscapes over wi-fi signals, I felt a certain resonance, as if the developers had somehow tapped into my psyche directly via some proto-manifestation of this terrible engine. It tickled the imagination. If I could go back in time and revise the awkward sexual encounters of my youth, I wondered, refining them and iterating upon them endlessly in some Murray-esque Groundhog Day scenario, what would I become. What would we ALL become.The answer may chill you to the bone."
,Recommended,268050,32229553,Posted: 6 June,all,G1NGER M1TTENS,Fun and interesting for about 5 hours but it soon loses its direction. When the immersiveness of it wares off you'll lose interest
,Recommended,268050,19400361,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,The Black Dave Hanson,Very in depth review! I will analyze this game as much as possible!This game fye
76561197967723333,Not Recommended,268050,21577796,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,eLcH | Clint,"Played for maybe 30 min and deleted it. Reasons are, i died around 15 times in 10 minutes. the camera is F+++++ stupid. cant see this big fella at the beginning who is casing you, because your egos head, body or what so ever is in the way, i always try to sneak, but he has ♥♥♥♥ing eagles eyes.... it should be a little bit easier right at the beginning!....controls are pretty bad too.played a lot of horror games, but this one leaves me icecold...no recommend!"
76561198021448105,Not Recommended,268050,20004420,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,jodan_loan,I bought this thinking it might be a fun res evil type game. This game is mess. I don't know if I am supposed to run hide/ kill or what. I really don't care anymore this game is boring. Yawn
,Recommended,268050,23198405,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MidKill,"A lot of jump scares, its my kind of game. Worth every penny, shall play again with a different difficulties."
,Not Recommended,268050,15476195,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,unclepeyj,The AAA game with the difficulty level of flappy bird!
,Not Recommended,268050,18737107,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,MechThumbs,"MechThumbs (player) thoughtsProsgraphicsbossesgood level designa good level of hard+good imaginationgreat sound designlittle good puzzlesGore is really goodConsgame playno replay valuealmost absolutely no story or there is one but you have read which if you're going to have a game based around voice tapes and no actual detective work then it shouldn't be in the gamethere were buses in the game that had no seats or anything detail in it (small details)no dodge function when it really needed it with some of the bossesCONSOLE PORT A HORRIBLE ONEjust felt like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ resident evilno fear just frustrationFinal thoughtsCould've really been a great game just didn't have the qualities that make a good horror game like good story and fear with a lot of action.4.5/10explain why 4.5/10just felt like a crappy horror game that could've been great plus this game will just♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.My Freind was watching me play this is his thoughtsDyeosta (spectator)evil within prosgraphicsmad designpuzzlesbossesphysicsweaponscrafting/ rewards for defusalmakes you use ammo sparinglyconsno character development (without reading into it.)not a well defined underlying story (without reading into it.)no varying enemies, just gave them guns.all the things that make a good horror game are missing except goreno detail mid to late game (seats on busses) they got lazy or rushedhad potential to be a great game, had a creative story to start with but just fell to piecesi tried to defend it but… just can’t7/10- seems playabe, not a great game but above average if you aren't too picky or a critic.note i didn’t have controller in hand  (spectator)"
76561197965067948,Not Recommended,268050,13978448,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Stabby McStabStab,"For people who'd rather watch what I'm about to say, here's a spot-on review done by Yahtzee.http://www.escapistmagazine.com/videos/view/zero-punctuation/9840-The-Evil-Within-ReviewYep, agreed with almost everything in that clip but here's what I'd like to emphasize:Pros:+The design of the environments is immersive and, for the most part, eerie.+The game starts out scary and intriguing.+The boss battles are original and require you to figure out weaknesses and think quickly.Cons:-The immersiveness of the environments drop away because you keep getting inexplicably teleported between areas.-The game becomes less scary and intriguing when you get a CROSSBOW THAT SHOOTS EXPLOSIVE AND SHOCK BOLTS.  WHAT?!?!?!- In regard to the last point, this game is not survival horror, it's action horror.-The once original boss battles come back again and again and become repetitive.-The goalposts for beating bosses change throughout the game.-The story is left open for interpretation (but in all reality it seems like they just didn't try hard enough).In the end I just wanted to finish it to say I did.  By the time I reached the final boss battle I was happy that it was basically an arcade shooter (complete with big red targets to show you where the boss' weak point is) so I didn't have to exert any more effort on this title.6/10 - I wanted to like it so much but after the first few chapters things start going downhill."
76561198007505559,Not Recommended,268050,33156544,Posted: 2 July,all,Hexus,"I would not recommend this game.TLDR: it's a raw product with unpolished mechanics and clumsy controls; it doesn't cost the price. Maybe if you buy it on a sale... and even then buying this game is still an arguable decision.Long versionBad- The story line is plain and just copies everything we've had in horrors before, nothing new.- Looks like developers have not decided which sub-genre it should be: survival, stealth, logic/puzzle or shooter. Beds and closets for hiding (survival/stealth) disappear after first levels; shoot-them-all approach is switched-off in some scenes (just RUN! -ish style out of sudden); stealth is not possible in some fights and most of the big fights cannot be avoided with an alternative stealth option.- Obvious puzzles appear just to irritate player ('collect three parts of the key' - really? you couldn't imagine anything else but the three key-parts old trick?).- Lack of imagination - unable to create challenging gameplay designers decided to just use the copy-paste method. Too easy to kill a mini-boss? Why bother inventing some interesting and complicated mechanics - let's just repeat the process N times. I really mean it, 5-6 times of the same routine killing.- Bugs - each next chapter becomes more and more raw. Things you can use a match on, but still not burning; enemies able to hit you through solid objects; player not being able to move somewhere it had managed to move before, and so on. Each new level is polished less and less. Developers were in hurry?- Controls are not responsive, main character is slow, clumsy and feels more like a village oaf but not fast and strong sporty detective.- Some game mechanics are questionable, e.g. the skills level-up system is not balanced, I can hardly imagine why people would level some of the skills to be honest; sniper rifle; character not able to shoot while crouching; weapons that are not automatically rechargeable when clip is empty, etc.- Traps complexity/disarm reward/damage ratio is puzzlingGood- Manual save and check points are convenient and don't cause 'auto-saved on a second before death moment' problem- Normal performance (FPS, memory usage)- Hidden statues/rooms sometimes are nicely hidden, it entertains to find them all- The save-rooms music is catchy"
,Recommended,268050,34041736,Posted: 5 August,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then minePLEASE NOTE (2017): Due to recent false accusations of plagarism, I (the reviewer) would like to stress that all these reviews and upcoming reviews are original and are not blatantly copied. Other reviews are used to help stress my point across but are changed in such a way to make the review in my own wordingThe Evil Within is a game developed by Tango Gameworks and published by Bethesda and is created by Shinji Mikami, the same guy behind the Resident Evil games, before it all went to sh*t. Shinji Mikami brings back and focuses on survival horror instead of actionAmmo is scarce and you have to bewatchful because there are traps and things that can kill you around every corner. Controls over the main character are good adding mobility while aiming and stealth mechanics to it, but doesn't hold up against other third person games, although in a way it seems that up to certain point controls were made to feel a bit unresponsive in order to make aiming harderThe Evil Within has a pretty decent story, unfortunately to fully understand it you should play the DLCs too which I don't intend to and which focuses on Sebastian Castellanos, a veteran detective who awakes on a twisted world called STEM where anything bad can happenAlthough The Evil Within is not Shinji Mikami's best game but it is still a very decent survival horror game and the beginning of something big considering there's a sequel on the way. For the price you find this game on sale it's a no brainer!RECOMMENDED :)"
76561197970738574,Not Recommended,268050,15859812,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,kittikun,"The game used to crash when I tried to start it up, and now (maybe after a patch ?) it can play through the first chapter but it crashes when I try to play chapter 2... Wasted my money"
,Recommended,268050,13276079,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,jagat.panchal,Overall good game
76561198084517855,Recommended,268050,13432873,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,名無し,I used to think that all 2014 games are about graphics and no gameplay. This game proves me wrong.
,Recommended,268050,12786426,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,KongS.,The masterpiece of survival-horror game ever made in 2000 - 2014 Outlast ?? It's a good horror game but Outlast is just Horror Game The Evil Within is Survival Horror Game look like Silent Hill Series Resident Evil (just 1 - 4 resident evil 5-6 is go over Survival Horror Game it's look like Action Horror Game more) If your PC didn't have spec equal minimium or recommemed or 30fps ? don't be scare the new patch of this game can be use FPS into 60fpsif u want the masterpiece of survial-horror game in childhood back yet? just buy this game.
,Recommended,268050,13860360,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Dranged,"This game, for sure gets the blood flowing and gets the heart racing.It reminds me a lot of resident evil 4 but with it's own twist. A very fun game, if you enjoyed the Resident Evil series from the classic to RES 4 this game would be worth grabbing. It would have more positive reviews but people are upset about it's initial release and the bugs and problems that came with that. But from here on out those are not a problem.They have fixed several of the problems since it's initial release and I have not had any problems playing it that I couldn't simply figure out quickly. You can now change the aspect ratio's and unlock the frame rates very easily, you just have to change the launch options and open the prompt, look up the console commands. It's that easy to fix the framerate issues or the aspect ratio.Some of the downsides yet is the aspect ratio, when adjusted can bring some minor problems like parts of the screen being cut off or poor field of view.Other problems that are kind of irritating are the controls are a bit awkward, Resident Evil esque, if you will. Some horror games have poor camera angles and awkward controls to try instill that intense feeling but in the end it leaves you a bit aggravated when you have a sudden need to move quickly in a dire situation. However, these are all minor issues and with that said I highly recommend this game.All in all catching the monsters in their own traps, finding unique ways to kill them with stealth and running away quickly to find a hiding spot are a few of the great perks that keep me coming back.The bossfights as well as upgradable weapons and fantastic audio and visuals with the terrifying atmosphere are also wonderful bonuses.10/10.. I'd let that chainsaw weilding lunatic cut my head off again."
76561198030616713,Recommended,268050,12515837,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,=EX=Mr. Quack,Think of it as Resident Evil 4 but more twisted and scarier 10/10
76561198167790688,Not Recommended,268050,13621274,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Prime_Time,"ONE OF THE WORST HORROR GAMES IVE EVER PLAYED!!!!!lets start out with zombies that have pistol, snipers, and hachets. zombie r to overpowered even on the easiest mode in the game and not enough ammo but plenty of matches to burn dead zombies that u wasted all your ammo on or to burn a hay stack in the game with. your guy does not have alot of health and the syringe u use to heal yourself doesnt heal alot of your health and r hard to comebye too. overall this is a terible horror and not worth your money"
76561198020212640,Not Recommended,268050,14410253,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Venza Kid,"I never played this game. Reminds me of Jerry making out with that chick, because it never happened. Just like me playing this game."
76561198066224506,Recommended,268050,12513998,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,DeaD SpacE,"It's hard and will keep you on the edge of your set the whole time.  This game is crazy... 9.5/10, Due to the 30fps cap and doesn't support SLI/Crossfire..."
,Recommended,268050,13555240,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Puck,"This is a wildly fun game. I'm honestly baffled by the 75% score, this game should be at least 90%. It's brutally gory and extremely creepy - but not scary in the jump-filled way Dead Space is - yet it's got plenty of frightful moments.I'm not usually a fan of over-the-shoulder perspective games, but I was very happy with the way it was done in this game. Mechanics are solid, gameplay is fun as hell, and across the entire game I never got bored for a second. The insane bosses and aesthetic/functional variety in even the lesser enemies kept me engaged every minute until endgame - and the story has some considerable length.This game is one of the most fun games I've played in a long time of its type. The upgrade system and player progression is excellent too, in my opinion. Overall, this game for me is a brilliantly strong 9/10, even at full price."
76561198008901724,Not Recommended,268050,14141956,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Soteria,"The save point is horribly frustating. After I spent almost an hour exploring and collecting equipments, items, only to get kill too easily and have to start all over again? Wasted my effort and time. It should save the game automatically when I triggered an event when there will be a real chance of dying fast.  Thinking I'm going to restart the last save, makes me want to exit the game and play something more rewarding."
,Not Recommended,268050,25034382,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Onizuka,"The camera angle takes away from the gameplay and feels annoying at times.  Story is very linear and theres not a lot of puzzles, it's more action oriented with a lot of gimmick 1 hit kills."
76561197998266429,Not Recommended,268050,29121629,Posted: 8 January,all,T_Neumann,"The best thing to say about it is how absolutely gorgeous it is. But generally speaking if that's the best you've got to say about a game, then I think it speaks volumes.So, yes. Aside from the stunning light, shadows and particle effects (truly some of the best if not THE best I have ever seen) I dd not enjoy the game.Story - Extremely convuluted and falling into the trap of taking itself far too seriously, not knowing when to stop flipping things after the umpteenth time gets annoying in the end. The truly great games, never mind horror games, always find a way to keep you engaged narratively by actually keeping itself focused and by definiton, yourself the same. The Assignment and Consequence DLC help to an extent, but all in all it is just not an interesting enough story. Or, rather it is , but the way it was told was far too bloated.Gameplay - Ultimately if a game isn't fun it doesn't succeed. And I can honestly sit here and say the only 'fun' I had was with The Executioner DLC. Perhaps because it kept things simpler and was, again, more focused. 'Safehead' as a character felt right, perfectly paced, well balanced, and every movement felt like it belonged to who you controlled. Compare that with the main game, where it couldn't decide whether it wanted you to be stealthy or all out action, and the 'Kidman' DLC that forces you to be stealthy but actually has nothing new to bring to the table other than making you wish you had a gun sooner - the stealth controls, sneaking and hiding are very badly executed thanks in part to the camera but just an overall 'unnatural' feel. Lots of jarring animations and the like.It just goes to show how in actual fact The Evil Within was never really a survival horror game of sorts - it was always meant to be an action game but with 'somewhat' of an older inventory system and the need to be a bit more careful with ammo. That being said, even on a harder difficulty I could get away with killing nearly everyone I ever met and only once or twice in the entire adventure did I ever have to preserve what I had. Which links in to the truly awful boss fights this game has. Just put a load of bullets in them, very little strategy, and you always have plenty as there are rooms leading up to them that help you out. Feels totally artifical. Should be grateful there were no QTE's I suppose.So I ask myself, having completed the game and all DLC, would I honestly recommend it? Ultmately no. I played it out of respect for Mikami but if I would never have played it I don't think I would have missed out on anything worthwhile."
,Not Recommended,268050,35233623,Posted: 26 September,all,Grim Bunny,"Honestly, it is a bad port for the PC. That is the thumbs down. Watched my brother play on Xbox and it was not bad at all. Since this review is for PC this is a solid no."
76561198070130107,Not Recommended,268050,32907885,Posted: 27 June,all,Anfronie,I don’t write reviews often but this game is terribly optimized. First there is an unsolvable stutter with frames even though it is 100% at 60fps via afterburner. Secondly it crashes past the 3rd chapter at an unbelievable rate. I get people like the ambiance and play but this game is ruined with its crappy port.
,Recommended,268050,20226107,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Big Pep,scary game... good graphics... also a bit of michael bay explosions and a lot of shooting and blowing up things... thats good... all other horror games have like....JUMPSCARESJUMPSCARESJUMPSCARESJUMPSCARESJUMPSCARESJUMPSCARESJUMPSCARES...I DONT LIKE....i like this doe
76561198152544095,Recommended,268050,32289098,Posted: 9 June,all,BlizzardKhaos,"I love this game so much, it's worth the money even at full price. So much better than Resident Evil 4 (personal opinion). If you love survival horror games then you need to add this to your list. Perfect & amazing."
76561198109141821,Recommended,268050,12541846,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sir Knukkle,"I am sorry guys, don't release unfinished games. Don't tell me to type in stupid console commands to fix lazy implementations. This kind of reminds me of big rigs, the game was probably on, but it was released before it was done. The game itself might be OK, but the UI already detracts from what I expected and will experience. I hope there will be a patch, and I do not really want to play it until then. So I cannot really recommend this now (very dissapointing, I have been waiting for this game for many months).Edit: Thank you NVidia! It happens that Geforce experience changes the display from windowed to full screen, which was my main gripe. I am not too concerned about FPS or letterbox issues, so for now I will change my recommendation to positive. I will edit the review once I actually played the game."
76561198075667827,Recommended,268050,12568138,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,<Donald Duck>,The Evil within is such a fantastic true action survival horror it makes you jump out of your skin sometimes but thats how i love it not surprized cause guy that made resident evil 4 helped make this game so i so give this game a 8.9/10
,Recommended,268050,12575301,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,smeagol swartzeniger,Resident evil four style...with more horror kinda and modern horror gameplay. So far so good!
,Not Recommended,268050,19973199,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MySammyCool caserandom.com,"Just not worth full price iv had this game installed but its just not fun to play, im sure if you get more far then i did then its a good game but its just boring and no jump scares :("
,Recommended,268050,24021449,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,katsuragiai,Fantastic atmosphere; good story; junky control.8/10
,Recommended,268050,22885417,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Pavel R,Good strong game
76561198040949861,Not Recommended,268050,14192785,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Wintermute,Gowno pisdets♥♥♥♥♥
76561198112734030,Not Recommended,268050,14767034,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,soullus,"bought the game on sale, games so messed up it wont even play the intro cutscean without crashing, and after that first crash it wont even get to the title screen without crashing, i want my money back"
,Recommended,268050,15541954,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Gamerz-Zone,THE BEST HORROR GAME EVER PLAYED
76561198157684173,Recommended,268050,26345898,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,CHIU Sir,"The best horror game i've ever played.Although there were some defects,it had been fixed now.Just buying it and it won't let you down if you are into horror games."
76561198095101044,Recommended,268050,26338966,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,El Scary,Recomended to play with dlc
,Not Recommended,268050,14456685,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Steve Austin,My unborn 5 year old unborn son wrote a horror plot. Then Shinji Mikami got his hands on it and put it in The Evil Within.The only horror in this game is the evident lack of good story writing. Its like a sandwich with no bread... or meat... or cheese... its like mustard... in your eyes.
76561198177856786,Not Recommended,268050,14767191,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,E_tothe_X,"I threw a wine bottle at a r_t_rded zombie's head, then I used uninstall."
,Not Recommended,268050,13815850,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mesa,"Played only for an hour or two, after which the game made me wanna quit. Here's why I cant take the game seriously:1. You start hanging face down in some sort of butcher room. You swing around, grabbing a hell of a knife (some Rambo style knife) out of a dead body hanging next to yourself. You cut yourself loose, meanwhile the butcher is going about his business. After I fell down, I thought ""Great, the game allowes for melee combat, so ima just sneak up behind the butcher and kill him"". I sneaked up on him, was right behind him and pressed for attack, but nothing would happen, I also had no knife. Then the game displayed a hint I should steal the butcher's keys. I pressed the button for it, the character stood right up (remember I was still behind the butcher), extended his arm in front of the butcher and grabbed the keys in front of his face. Riiiight...2. Animations are crappy, you stand halfway up in the water and bricks and dirtpiles are in your face. Also in the beginning scene of the game where you get out of your police car, I can walk ""inside"" your female buddy. Didnt try the male, but should work too.3. You run from your enemies most of the time. Makes sense, given that a hundred thousand spears and other sharp objects are lying all around."
76561198053452137,Not Recommended,268050,14801303,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,jixodu,Doesn't load. doesn't work. And I payed for it.
76561198060989308,Recommended,268050,14819815,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,chess,its Epic and ScarYYYYYYY
76561198143070563,Not Recommended,268050,16514629,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,aku [OCRSE],it is expensive takes a long download and not scary the point is supposed to be scary it is frustrating and why would they make a game like this and make it horror seems like a shooter to me more focused on a shooter than scary
,Not Recommended,268050,20385421,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Throwing Rocks at the Homeless,"Imagine Resident Evil 4. Remove most of the ammo and make the controls wildely erratic and you've basically got Evil Within. This game is so similar to RE4 at points. It almost likely they altered Leon a little bit and threw in some new set pieces and decided they were done. The only difference is, the hitbox mechanics of this game are so incredibly bad. Bullets will curve around enemies in an effort to remain true to the targeting reticle. Enemies themselves seem to die based on arbitrary damage amounts. And lets not forget the match mechanic. Enemies can be burned with a match. But only if theyre on the ground. And then they go up like gasoline. But if for some reason the enemy is standing, they are made of water. And the match only works if the game decides it wants to work. There are many times you will merrily be attempting to deploy a match on fallen enemis only for your character so stand their mindlessly waiting for an enemy to strike. This on top of the fact that the player character lumbers about the game like he learned to walk yesterday. The only real difficulty in the game comes from the fact that the character is so ungraceful that you end up putting him in harms way just out of sheer frustration. At a certain point, any sort of survival-horror feeling in the game is taken out when its simply not that difficult. Rather than limping along with a meager portion of health left, the game in many ways just lets you replay the scene. Wait for your character to die, redo the scene so you can get it right. The game ends up feeling more like extra gory problem solving rather than a horror game."
76561198143609356,Not Recommended,268050,20477402,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,fraley1991derrick,"I really cant speak for others but my opinion the game is horribleI purchased this game because i figured it looked similar to the resident evil series and i thought i would give it a shotThis review is based off 30min of gameplay before i quickly uninstalled it1. Melee sucks i feel like a drunk guy power swinging and camera system isn't helping either  (u figure a in shape officer would be able to not get his butt kicked so easily )2.too many cut scenes , u will literally walk 10 feet and get a cutscene and pick up something followed by a cutscene3. Graphics and atmosphere deliver a horror experience the audio is fantastic which can be a great experience if gameplay isn't your focus4.stealth is your best option for being so weak , ive bashed a enemy's head in with my foot several times and he still manages to stand up and get swing on me and kill me"
76561198096916072,Not Recommended,268050,22105303,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,zaBIGLEBOWSKI,like playing another rebooted resident evil game. slow paced. basic. boring. glitchy. done it all before. glad i got this game on sale. i would reccomend it only if its a good sales price.
,Recommended,268050,19571847,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,FieryEgon,"Scary, fun and easy game, don't ever touch Akumu mode though, you'll ♥♥♥♥ing ruin it for yourself. controllers will be smashed and keyboards will be thrown."
76561198066969681,Recommended,268050,19666442,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mordred,"I really missed the ""What are you buying, stranger?"" guy."
76561198014597057,Recommended,268050,20140693,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Closet Homo Sapien,Body burning simulator 20149/11 would burn again.Nope simulator 201410.5/9 would nope again.
,Recommended,268050,21806744,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,UnicornDelight,"Watched my roommate play it for me, looks like a fun game."
76561198091096789,Recommended,268050,15915563,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Metalcell,This games is awesome! It starts out as a sneaking game then turns into a RE4 gameplay style.
,Recommended,268050,22021408,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,GODSER1.COM,One of the best horror games ever made. Its a solid game
,Recommended,268050,15863961,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Antagony,"Not the best story, not the best characters, but one of the best horror atmospheres I've seen in a game. It's very challenging and a steep learning curve but definiely fun in the long run. Of course, anyone who's a survival horror fan should get this."
,Recommended,268050,21900660,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Dankesst Plays,its alright
,Recommended,268050,21766262,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Takagaki Kaede,What is the game？  Resident Evil.
,Recommended,268050,15868267,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,omegaradium,"This game brought back that feeling of tension, suspense, fright, and morbid curiosity that hooked me from day 1 in games like the original Resident Evil and Silent Hill. If you're on the fence and loved RE 1,2 or 3, buy this game, you won't regret it.It was truly a mind bending experience and I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,268050,19859899,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,tilted,"Mindf*ck horror game , but i love burning all those zombiess ....."
76561198121267092,Not Recommended,268050,35021363,Posted: 17 September,all,LDes,crap port
76561198090000396,Recommended,268050,20438407,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,giantORC,"A underestimated game.Graphic, content, plot everything in this game is good.The only disadvantage I found is: too linear, sometime it feels like arcade game.(especially boss fight, kind of disappointed.)and side character's build up is a little bit weak.I think why this game has not very good reputation is because it's:1. Too hard.2. Too many twist in the plot, and makes the environment keep changing, it will confuse.3. Pewdiepie doesn't finish it.Really want to see this game become a sequels, and make the story be complete.Recommend to play this game, definitely a AAA game."
76561198105741003,Recommended,268050,33118619,Posted: 2 July,all,angelanddemon,The game is awesome and scary. It can be one of the most scariest horror game I have ever played.
76561198088131469,Recommended,268050,33816365,Posted: 26 July,all,K@rAn_00742,Shivers
76561198316942116,Recommended,268050,33823464,Posted: 26 July,all,UkrainianKid1995,It's the most pure horror game I've ever had in my gaming experience. I recommend every horror game lover to test this game without further hesitation!
76561198111394313,Recommended,268050,34759918,Posted: 5 September,all,VulkaN,"Llevo pocas horas jugando, pero ya me cague de miedo je"
,Recommended,268050,18592812,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Hunk Survivor,"It may be better, but cannot play it  much time, thanks for trying tho, Red eyes Mikami. Someday I'll be able to finish this."
,Recommended,268050,13338709,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"I am re-reveiwing this after spending more time with it and the new patches.This game had a very rough start.  It was buggy and missing some major PC options.  The game has been patched and is now pretty much flawless.  My only complaint is sometimes the controls are a lil tricky in some parts.  The game itself is great but has a slow start.  Once it picks up it becomes much better.  This game is best described as Resident Evil 4 + Silent Hill 1 - it's a perfect mix of both.  Also of note, it's insanely hard sometimes.  The game is absolutely punishing and brutal on survivor difficulty (the only other option is ""casual"").  I've been playing on survivor all the way through so far and some parts of been very very rough.  You will need a bit of luck and a lot of skill to play on survival.  I highly recommend it for any horror fan but you might as well wait for a sale as it's been half price already.8/10 - The best horror game of the year, a bit better than Alien: Isolation."
76561197995332532,Recommended,268050,13421696,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,HeheAZ,By far the best survival horror game i have ever played. Nightmare difficulty is a perfect upgrade from survival. It's like getting 2 games for your money. The only game to scare me so bad i had to shut it off haha.10/10 This game should serve as a foundation for other survival horror games of the future.
76561198080504947,Recommended,268050,13424707,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Placenta Fairy,Look out for the all healing elevatior early in the game.
,Not Recommended,268050,13646608,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,brombie,"This is a very well made game for those who love Resident Evil style horror survival.  It introduced a few new things like the stealth mechanics, burning corpses, and traps.However, it relies way too much on artificial difficulty that will kill you again and again.   With these much fighting, the control has to be better or it's going to become a version of Call of Duty with the worst control ever.   This is exactly what you'd expect from the orignal designer of Resident Evil after playing stealth games and Dark Soul after all these years.The story is also convoluted and not satisfying.  Confusing throughout and just an excuse to transport your character randomly from one scene to another.  Lazy game design, imo.If you're curious about the game, get it if it's on sale for $20 or less.  I would recommend playing a few chapters to get a feel of the game mechanics and some of the new ideas.  Cut bait after that and play other games that are competing for your time."
76561198070691672,Recommended,268050,13871483,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,jeremyj621,"Amazing detail and atmosphere. Challenging, surviving this game will indeed take all the skill you have. The only downside is that the game is very linear. Most game levels have only one path from beginning to end, though a few do have side areas where you can acquire loot."
76561197993288786,Not Recommended,268050,21659193,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Invest,The game itself would be good but those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers didn't care to remove black bars and the FOV is not changeable without crashes so game is unplayable.
,Recommended,268050,23802012,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,odius,"Really buggy on my system. Was worth a try though. If your PC can run it and you enjoy horror games like I do, this game is  amazing. Seems to be more fun with a controller than KB & mouse."
,Recommended,268050,23601811,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,abel,"Мля, Миками, ты как всегда просто окуенен!После того как я запустил Резидента 6.... Уж было подумал, что больше ни когда не смогу играть в игры.Evil Within - это эволюция RE4 + Silent Hill + Manhunt + Fear1. Просто шикарнейший проект. На втором уровне сложности весьма адекватно воспринимается."
,Recommended,268050,24164363,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Legion,"Quite a fun game. Well worth it, when its on sale."
,Recommended,268050,28418418,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,~#PrepareToDine~!,"I don't do the point by point discussion of the game (gameplay, graphics, sound, replayability) but I would say this game is very solid on every front. It's just a pure joy to play and is a bit on the spooky side (almost TOO SPOOKY some might say). It's mechanically very solid, the story is intriguing and I will eventually dive into the DLCs to get more from it, the voice acting is pretty top notch, and all the patch work they've done on the PC version has really made it polished and run very well. Very solid horror/action game in which I would say may be equal to or better than a few of the Resident Evil games. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,268050,12485146,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,AlphaSix,"My initial review was negative and given without much thought or playtime with the game, and for that I am sorry. On a further note, after playing the game for over 25 hours with plans to keep playing for many more hours, my entire review of the game has drastically changed to what it shouldve been originally.I played through the game on survivalist difficulty I believe, and while it didn't offer up that big of a challenge, the game was incredibily enjoyable. It took me around 13 hours to complete the game, having spend a large amount of time exploring the mostly linear map, which provided a lot of background on the games story and a lot of intersting and unique settings that one might miss their first playthrough. I also spent a large amount of time playing around with the game mechanics, seeing how many ways there were to get through each chapter, and although the game is relatively linear, there are a good amount of paths to take. While I never felt like I was low on ammunition, or facing an enemy I couldn't handle, there was a good deal of suspense that most games lack. Overall, playing the game through on the hardest difficulty available at the start is enjoyable but not as challenging as one might expect, at least if they have played a good deal of shooters.The gameplay mechanics themselves are decent, offering a couple of different ways to take out enemies, whether it be stealth, guns, the environment, or the agony bow (Which is by far the most enjoyable weapon to use). The gun play is not bad, one complaint I have is that it seems as though the bullet fires out of the crosshairs, rather than the guns themselves, which causes a loss of accuracy. The stealth is great for a non stealth oriented game, enemies are decently hard to sneak up on (Especially on Akumu which ill get to in a second) and stealth kills are rewarding and fun to do. There are a good deal of environmental objects that the player can use to kill enemies or distance themselve from them, although these can also work against the player. Some of the traps are a bit oddly placed, mainly the explosive traps which often don't make logical sense as to why theyre there in the first place. Leveling up all of the players traits, health, melee, sprint, weapons, how much ammo you can hold, ect. is a great feature to add to the game that really comes into play on further difficulties. Overall the gameplay is fun and relatively new, especially the agony crossbow, which allows the player to strategically handle hoards of enemies while feeling powerful.The game really shines after the initial playthrough. The player will unlock a machine gun, three different game difficulties, and a model viewer (Similiar to the RE4 one, although there is no minigame to unlock them). The difficulties include nightmare, which I have not played, and Akumu, which I am currently halfway through completely, along with a continue+ that lets the player carry over their upgrades and weapons into a new game. Akumu difficulty is one of the most difficult difficulties I have ever played. The player will die from one hit from ANYTHING, which (trust me) will leave you starting over checkpoint after checkpoint. It also takes enemies the player would normally see later on in the game, when they are more equiped to take them on, and puts them in earlier chapters. This drastically changes many portions of the game and increases the difficulty to an insane perspective. The thing with this difficulty is that it actually is enjoyable to play, at least for me. The very first encounter with a large group of enemies took me near an hour to get through, yet I still had fun doing it. All of the gameplay mechanics really shine on this difficulty as well. Players will be forced to survey situations before they go in, think about what weapons to use, know the environment and where traps and other items can be found, and think about who to engage and when to engage them. It is by far one of the most challenging yet fun difficulties I have ever played in a game like this, one that I recommend you play immediately after completing the game.Overall, I would give this game a solid 9/10. I can't wait to play the DLCs they release, and I can see myself playing through the main story multiple times in the future."
76561198151833415,Recommended,268050,12870789,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,strife36 csgoroll.com,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,268050,12977379,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Yokurt,"One of the best stress-build-feeling game I have played since first bio hazard 20 years ago (that time when I was a kid, it was really scary). The monster itself in the game is not scary. The scary thing in the game is the feeling that you will experience when you proceed to the story line. It builds up the stress of the player little by little from the theme, place, sound, and story. It doesn't have much ""surprise"" attack from a monster. (eg, you already saw him, so you know he is there. The thing is, you need to sneak pass behind him without letting him see you). I like all the bosses in this game. They are really well designed.To me, it's really worth my money. One of the best horror survival games."
,Recommended,268050,12978025,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,MW3 20th Prestige,Great game!  A great plot with mind wrenching twists. It's like starring in your own horror movie!
,Recommended,268050,12983440,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,☮ MeditationState™ ☯,Very creepy. However I am currently stuck on this game and haven't had time for it but what I have played at EGX 2014 and when I bought the game it seems like a good game!
76561198091001305,Recommended,268050,13115279,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,coreywindom,"Good game....but i gotta admit, i spent the entire game expecting to find Chris and Jill Valentine runnin around somewhere"
76561198018853314,Recommended,268050,13120183,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,vigilant,Not Bad
,Recommended,268050,13443048,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,DSW 1 9 9 2,Shinji Mikami you really know how to make the the real survival horror game ! hope for a sequel for this tittle
76561198032044817,Recommended,268050,13514661,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,kenaz8521,"Let me start by saying that I am a fan of the survival horror genre. That being I am not going wax sardonic about what once was. Instead I am going to focus on THIS game, seeing as that is what this is a review for. Let me begin by saying that this is a hard game. It teaches harsh lesson about ammo preservation and fight vs. flight decision making. I enjoyed how the game was at heart an omage, of sorts, to the genres roots. But if you are scared this game is just a rehash of other games, rest easy. This is a game that, while not innovative, realizes what it doesn't have to be. It is there to stress you out and force you to pay attention, which is what survival horror games do really well. The gameplay is tight and responsive, and there are a plethora of options as to how you make your way through it. The Evil Within is a promising new franchise that left me waiting, with baited breath, for more."
76561198028318689,Recommended,268050,13539488,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BabyEspada,good game
76561197995330276,Recommended,268050,12521121,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Ichi,"review update now i got the game working, best graphic ive seen up to date. its like a mix of resident evil+splinter cell+ silent hill. but theres somthing missing... i give this a 7/10."
76561198092367634,Recommended,268050,12736674,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,XTMFX,"Nice game for those who like survival horror, but its more action than horror tho."
,Recommended,268050,12737702,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,GOD,"""Potential: The video game."""
,Recommended,268050,12832643,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Iseirious,"the game seems good  but its incredible frustrating to play when the main character takes up so much space on the screen that i struggle to see what im doing. its the field of view that is the problem along with the black bars. There are fixes for these but for some reason it keeps crashing the game no matter what i do. So until these issues have been fixed, i would have to say that its not reccomended to buy this game.Edit:Patched have made the game playable and it does  not seem to be  crashing anymore so for the game itself, i already  said it  seems good, and  it still is,  but I'm not  very far into the  game to say more than that."
,Recommended,268050,13015802,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,NUENG,amazing!!!!!!!!!
76561198064400740,Recommended,268050,13396487,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Alesso,best horror FPS game ive played!
76561198048985096,Recommended,268050,13400287,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,(SF)Jewstain,"very fun game to play all the way through, will say the story it a little hrd to follow, but it it a freaking fun game if you like the horror survival games"
76561197971238382,Recommended,268050,13526677,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ihavenoname,"Essentially a buggy version of Resident Evil 4 with better graphics.Have some questionable design choices. *cough* final chapter*cough*Abit too much instant death traps, but overall still a fun and enjoyable gore fest.Recommanded for Resident Evil fans.Hopefully the dlc can add more to the story."
,Recommended,268050,13573189,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,RoboitoAM,"Game is great, a shame about the technical flaws. Thank Bethesda for that one. If you're a fan of Resident Evil (4 especially), then you'll love The Evil Within. In many ways, it feels like the lost Resident Evil 4 (fog, hook, etc) with more strict ammo.I'd highly recommend downloading Flawless Widescreen, since there's a few tweaks like FOV (the default is disgustingly close) and 21:9 support.I bought the game at $60 and loved it, it seems to go ~$20 average in sales now. Seems like a good time to jump in."
76561198045882372,Recommended,268050,12506220,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,eviljoejr,god moded this game in 3 hours...i am god
,Recommended,268050,12872616,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Shadow,"The Evil within in really more then a tip of the hat to the horror game's of old but after all of its hype build up before it release do it live up to expectation as i write this review I wisht to go down the number's and give this my review i believe it deserves. First the story, the question being weather there is even one to begin with come to mind from time to time as it starts with you being a detective investigating horrible murders only to find your self wraped up in somthing a hole lot worst but as a hold the game finds a hard time sitting in one place when it come to a naritive at on point it a detective game with horror intriege, the next is a survival horror, and then soon after that once you get your hands of a few gun it all goes to the wind and become a full action game with some spooks here and there with the charaters displaying some of the most hilarious and unrealistic acting anyone has ever see its hard to get invested and some of the plot twist though out either catch you buy surpise wile saying ""how does that make any sence"" and other just down right dissapoint because it clear sequil bait. As for the game's design there are a few thing i had problems with, some how switching from controler to keybord drasticly improved acually playing the game as it became mutch sharper, but there are some parts of the combat that raises some questions one of the more important question being what was the point of matches and why werent they explained better. Early on your given matches with the thought that there were ment for piles of dead bodies in fear of them springing up to life latter on but thats hardly the case, no the matches are use as a finishing touch as you dispach you enemy as an attemp to help save ammunition but consept of the matches are so poorly explain you quicky in early part find your self running out of them for all the wrong reasons. And as for the other weapons its funny how a steath blow to the head with a knife can kill a zombie but 3 or more head shot from your pistol and there still moving its not hard to quickly gravitate to the cross bow as it is one of the most relyable weapons in tearm of ammuntion and usefullness and wile ther are you standard shotgun, sniper, granade, and some how another pistol latter one early on they do little to bearly slow down the enemy and upgrading them is not only a chore in micromanagment resulting in plenty of tough disisions involving your own personal skill but that can be look at as a good thing but if i had to complain about one thing when it conserns the upgrade system is why include steath machanic with no way to upgrade on them in any meaningfull way.... just a thought. Gameplay is what you explect with your fair share of jump scares and plenty of build up to pay off real scares it does its best in set peices to inpire a real feeling of dread when traversing most landscapes that feeling only weakens in the mutch latter parts of the game, there were only a hand full of momnet in the gamplay were i was left wondering what to do with no clue or was found some how facing off with a boss  (alpha) with contex or fram of referance to how to fight it since that fight and a few other tend to consistantly change the rules of ingagement along the way. Then there is the Presentation of the game, personally i feel like that wins over all, it truly does it part to inspire a sence of unconfortable and chilling feeling, the film grain style at time fits the moment  and some of the transistion moment wile good and bad in respect make you feel like you have no control of whats going on building up the suspence.  ALL in all the game has its moment that are questionable but i be lying if i didnt say i wasnt having fun when i reach the point were i was pretty mutch rambow with my crossbow in hand but still felt the need to watch my back as i creep around every corner. if nothing els this game is def woth a sales price if your looking for the better part of the resident evil franchise with alittle bit of the bad of that series here as well i will rate this a solid  7 out of 10"
,Recommended,268050,12961460,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Acid1981,if you like Res Evil & Silent hill .... You will enjoy this .. V bloody
76561198070052176,Recommended,268050,13362778,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,oliviercrow,"Just finished the game and I loved it!Storywise, it's a mixture of the Resident evil and Silent Hill series, and there are lots of references to these games. Story is quite complicated though...Many gruesome moments and lot of stress while  fighting bosses in very small areas...I have to say that some parts of the game where highly frustrating, even in normal (survival) mode, with many opportunities of one-shot death.Technically, I cannot really judge, as I don't have a high-end PC, but after optimization of my Nvidia card Geforce GT630 with the Nvidia experience app, it ran smoothly without any bug. I find sad that the game has bad Press due to bugs reported by many users, because the atmosphere is really great!In the end,  I would recommand the game, especially if you liked Resident evil 4 and Silent hill 1 and 2."
76561198067110005,Recommended,268050,13365001,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Pat5800,"The Evil Within is a gore filled intense survival horror game that brings you in and rarley lets you leave. The gameplay is solid the shooting mechanics are perfect for survival horror, there is enough sway to the guns that you plan out every shot to ensure you don't miss and waste a bullet. The Atmoshphere is outstanding you constantly dread what is around the next corner, it makes you anxious over every encounter. The soundtrack is eh it accoomplishes it's goal but I wouldn't listen to it on it's own. The game is very pretty and the water effects are some of the best I have seen. The Boss fights oh the Boss fights, The Evil Within has some of the most memorable enemies that we have seen in awhile and let me just say the final boss fight was probably the best boss fight I have played in awhile, The story is pretty good it keeps you interested and the ending leaves a lot to think about, which is a good thing. One thing I feel needs to be said is that the level design at the start is SO much better than in late game, the first couple of chapters have nice spread out levels with multiple routes to take to accomplish your goals, late game is really linear and drops stealth for a decent amount of time.Overall I would say The Evil Within gets a 9/10 for these reasons:Pros:-Great Gameplay-Atmoshphere-Bosses-Really Pretty-Story is decent enought to keep me interested and wanting to know moreCons:-Soundtrack is average-Game takes a dip in the middle but then comes back-Level Design starts strong but then falls flat"
76561197972608042,Recommended,268050,13506589,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MeCrazy,"The game that dares to combine the worst aspects of resident evil with the movie inception.  And throw in jokers thugs for some reason.At any rate, its an ok game, wait for a half price sale or something like that.  The gameplay when its not trying to kill you with camera angles and puzzle fights is pretty good.  Story is ok, although really weird."
76561198078224485,Recommended,268050,13046549,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Epidural,"Its Not the Game its The Critics....Heres the issue i see... People are too critical to just enjoy a lot of games these days.  Especially survival horror.   Accusing new titles of being unoriginal or copying mechanics from previous titles.  Ok well developers are attemting to give you what you loved most in games that helped make this genre as successful as it was,  things that gamers themselves post about in forums.  the bottom line is that its very very unlikely we will see a new release that is 100% unique.  Its about building on the best parts of previous success and improving or trying to create ways to make it new and interesting.People get so worked up over the media hype of a game, expecting the same shock value they once felt when this was all new and fresh.  Great games of today are on par with novels or movies with the ability to tell a story that is interesting and interactive. The success of RE1 wasnt because of its 60fps or amazing non-chunky playstyle even the acting was sub par.  Its success came from the ability to provide gamers with shock value,  cheap thrills based on a culture that wasnt already numb to the visual horrors it had to offer.  Today there is little out there to offer those same feelings within us, so can we blame the game?  I think not.I truly believe that if a developer allowed all the self proclaimed critics to solely influence a next gen SH game right down to the mechanics,  it would be a disaster.  Its possible that all these harsh reviews from gamers influence the genre in a negative way.  Making developers a little more reserved when attempting something new and radical.  creating the mentality of ""dont fix what isnt broken"".We are the spoiled child ,  who can really never be pleased.  Our own attitudes for the most part prevent us from justsimply enjoying the genre.Thats just my point of view though....(grammer and spelling errors i am aware of.... lol)"
76561198068991351,Recommended,268050,13486399,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,nils_johansson,"The Evil Within is Resident Evil dumped in Silent Hill basically. The meaty, overwrought B-movie action of the former mixed with the unhinged surrealism of the latter. Environments shift and change as you go, the atmosphere is thick enough to give you a black eye and the monster designs are among the more horrifying I've experienced in recent times.Still, The Evil Within is not for everyone. It's adhesion to  old-school sensibilities is sometimes to it's detriment, and the story, while still pleasingly mysterious, sort of peter out towards the end.Having said that, I enjoyed my time with this game, and if you are a fan of classic survival-horror, particularly that of Resident Evil both old and new, you might enjoy it too."
76561198022370609,Recommended,268050,13244161,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Tiny Trees,"Very often I think, ""What a waste of money. £12, I paid on sale"". Why am I still feeling like I think I am loving this game?Somehow I keep coming back to play on. I don't even know why. Maybe it's the story. Maybe it's the satisfaction when the shotgun in one shot blows a head off. Probably a combination of lots of things. There's a lot wrong though.It does remind me of the two RE games I have played, 5 and 6. Not the content, but the way it plays. Just a pain.Chapters 1-6 all the same all boring. Ch 7 different spooky and interesting, and had me thinking it might be getting better. Ch 8, blinked and missed it. Ch 9 boring, maze like, impossible goals and had to look up how to do it. Ch 10, had me use lots of ammo on a mini boss. Ran straight into two more. Sick of the bolts not firing when I need it. Have quit for a rest from the stress. Thinking of un-installing it. Really sick of it, and of it sometimes being an empty experience.Sick of the same few bars of Claire Da Lune over and over again.Sick of the same going through a door mini-cut scene every time I go through to the lockers.Fed up of the bmf bmf bmf noise in the saving menus.Was sick of the rubbish graphics, until I turned off film grain.Sick of having to minimise to use a guide to find keys, and what to do.Was sick of dancing around the locker room, to find a place where I can interact with lockers. Found you have to point crosshair at them.Clumsy with all the third person hassles. Character bounces and turns when you want to set off in a slighty different direction. Will only swim in multiples of 90' direction from current direction. Zooms in when you use even pistol iron sights making close up enemies vanish from view. Just plain slow hard work.Sick of the fact these games are all made in cliquey third person. If I want to watch the back of someone's head I will take a bus ride."
76561198111795488,Recommended,268050,32996649,Posted: 29 June,all,ruarigh (decolas/riggerson),FREAKING AWESOME! JUST FINISHED WAS REALLY LONG BUT AWESOME CANT WAIT FOR NEXT GAME! (keep in mind that this is a port so you should use a controller)
,Recommended,268050,30998627,Posted: 7 April,all,Paste,Doesn't the title of the game sounded like a gay love story?
76561198002561854,Not Recommended,268050,14796068,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Xx_Asian♀With♂Big♥Penis_xX,"If you're a filthy casual who enjoys playing linear game while staring at your loading screen for 90% of the time then this game is for you.Hey look your leg was mangled by freaking chain saw, now prob you will be fully heal after getting into an elevator.Here are some matches to catch the bodies of your enemies on fire because this is the only way to do so even if you have a lantern that can miraculously come on and off without any source of fire."
,Recommended,268050,19817713,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,groomermo,if you are a resedent evil fan you would love this game
76561198097007235,Not Recommended,268050,16230647,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rome,"I'm going to say now that this game has potential in everyway. It has probably anything a horror fan wishes for; It's like a fantasy for us. Of course, TEW is put on multiple consols. Everything is great, except for the PC. If you're like me with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer than this game is barely functional due to so much lag. Hell, I can't even move my mouse without waiting 5 minutes for it to respond.It's not like I hate this game at all; that's the reason I bought it. I hope that somehow the lag for PC will be gone, or reduced."
,Recommended,268050,16330574,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Pancake,"OMG SO MUCH SUSPENSE, CATHARSIS, AND♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,268050,16166398,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Bryan,too cinematic. Not enough real action for me
,Recommended,268050,17380935,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Tw1tch_LegendaryMantis7,"The game was great. Combat and gun play felt solid. The RPG system was odd and didn't feel like it matched the game, unlike Resident Evil 4 where it all blended in with the setting and game.The over all plot makes sense, but its all over the place. There are bits where it makes no sense, but when you piece it all to gether and think about it, it's there and works.Also the final boss was ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous . It had Shinji Mikami written all over it. So as you can expect, poorly designed and just out right outrageous .7/10.Might change if Kidmans DLC actually adds even more to the story and makes things clearer."
76561198028229560,Recommended,268050,26021659,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,AdrianoPNK,Me after 22 hours of Evil Within story explanation on youtube:░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▄▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▄░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀▀█▄█▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░▄████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░▀████░░░░░▄▀▀██▀▄░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░░█░░████░█░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄█░█░░░░█░░▀██▀░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░█░░░░▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░█░░█░░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀░░░░█░█░█░█░█░░▄▀░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄█▄█▄█▀░░▄▀░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░▀▀▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░▀▀░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀█▀▀▄░░█░░░░█░░█▀▀▀▄░░░░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█░▄█░░░░▀▀▀░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░▀▀░░░█░█▀▄░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█▄░░░░░░░░█░█░░▀▀▀▀▀█▄▄▄▄▀░░░░░▀█▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░10/10 Would play again
,Not Recommended,268050,35024392,Posted: 17 September,all,Dexomus,"At the early stages at the moment, mechanics and shooting is extremely clunky so not impressed. I expect my opinion will improve though."
,Not Recommended,268050,35462233,Posted: 3 October,all,StickFeller,"its definately a scary horror game, but the gameplay is a tedious grind, i did not enjoy playing it for a moment :("
,Recommended,268050,27889579,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ftstani,The ability of the Japanese to depict sexy white people and otherworldly nightmares never ceases to amaze me.
,Recommended,268050,22887697,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,hailurez,"It's pretty much Inception, except with a horror twist, and in video game form.Minus, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy, and Ken Watanabe, and Michael Caine and Christopher Nolan.But Anson Mount voices the main character, so that's cool if you know Anson Mount from Hell on Wheels.Fun gameplay, some stealth elements, upgradeable character, story is easier to dissect(♥♥♥♥♥♥ pun) compared to Inception. Characters and lore are fleshed out through collectibles, not so much through dialogue. Death scenes are on Dead Space levels of gruesome, good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198012275256,Recommended,268050,22906518,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Count Gumberton,"It's good, but flawed. The story is trash, and the characters are too. Everything else is really good. Resource management is only really important for about the first two-thirds of the game. The creepy atmosphere is here and so are the jump scares; I'm not sure I would say this game is scary, but unnerving (I got the same feeling from Alan Wake); it's hard to play it for an extended period of time because the whole experience just kinda drains you. Not sure why this game is still $60; I would definitely wait for it to go on sale to pick it up."
,Recommended,268050,14284483,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,If U Seek Amy,Don't worry 'bout it
,Recommended,268050,35496574,Posted: 5 October,all,Nαтαlια Serαғιɴo🌙,I think this is best * - * it is amazing
,Not Recommended,268050,12621455,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,TigermanRei,worse game to play on pc. the view cants be changed and it lags so much it irritates me
,Recommended,268050,12497257,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,uwu uwu,"While the game on the PC is a mess, even with high-end GPUs at maxed out 1920x1080 you still can't supress 30FPS (Running with Gtx 680 and AMD FX 8 core with the FPS lock command ""unlocked""). The game graphics are decent but the atmosphere is really scary and really puts you into the game. Story is a mind♥♥♥♥, scary and horrific. Put aside the terrible aspect ratio, FPS limit and unoptimization, the game is a masterpeice. Another of Shinji Mikami's art. I recommend buying it BUT not on the PC at this momment IF you are a PC elitist that worries Graphics over gameplay and story."
,Recommended,268050,12495138,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Alex,"I'm making this review without completion of the game first, I am about 3 chapters in. However; I do have to say, I am enjoying this game a lot. It's not really scary as it is gory, but I'm still enjoying it a lot nonetheless. I do wish I would have bought this on console, if I'm being honest. And if I could have tried the PC version first before buying it, I would have. Getting the game to start was such a pain, as when I put it in 1920x1080, for some reason the game wanted to stretch between both of my monitors while in fullscreen. So unfortuntely, I've been playing this in windows mode since I couldn't find a way to fix it (tried disabling my second monitor, restarting, ect). I haven't had this issue before so I have no idea how to fix it, so this issue could very well just be me. The black bars that everyone talks about was annoying at first; but I did end up getting used to them about 30 or so minutes into the game, so it isn't that big of an issue for me. I am also playing this at the default 30 FPS.Now aside from what I said, I have been enjoying the gameplay and the game's story, so I am still glad I bought this. Hopefully they do make a much needed patch in the near future to fix the major issues, but until' then I do suggest if you buy this, you buy one of the console versions instead."
76561198065452743,Recommended,268050,12496963,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Action Bastard,If you like horror and you like gore then this is the game for you. Think Dead Space meets silent hill.  Not sure why everyone else is giving this game a bad rap but i personaly am having a blast. Its no 10/10 but i give it a solid 8/10.
,Recommended,268050,12486038,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Albinobob,"All of The Evil Within's ""problems"" are very, very easy to get used to. I started up the game and after I used Bethesda's fps fix with the console, it became natural to play and I instantly lost myself in the dingy, bloody horror goodness. Don't listen to the whiners complain about the little things, this game is worth every cent and definitely worth the wait."
,Not Recommended,268050,12570204,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Tew,"Let me start by saying that I actually really enjoyed this game. I played it up to (what I assume) was near the ending. However I simply cannot recommend it in its current state, the bugs, the crashes, important event objects that don't load and completely break the game simply make this an unplayable mess as it is.The game is extremely atmospheric, the story and characters are interesting and engaging and the actual gameplay is very enjoyable. The one part that completely ruined it for me though is a part of the game in chapter 11. An object that is integral to progression would not load no matter how many times I restarted the chapter/checkpoint. I COULD NOT FINISH THE GAME due to this bug which is disgusting and immensely disappointing to me. Therefore, unless you are absolutely certain you can risk it,Tl:dr I do not recommend buying this game for eighty dollars. If you are going to charge full price for a game, please make certain that the consumer can ACTUALLY play the entire game."
76561198032161380,Not Recommended,268050,12618841,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,froozlewow,"The Graphics are great, the story..well...interesting.I have a hard time getting ""Into"" this game, it's not scary, just a little creepy, not enough to hold my interest.My biggest issue is the ""Janky"" control of this game, and the way it has you pick up items..Ex: Running for your life and having to stop to pick up ammo/health.  And that happens quite often, it's kinda a one hit and you are dead, but the mobs require several hits.It""s 3rd person and the camera is awful, Really bad if you are in sneak mode..I get more frustrated at the lousy control then I do at the Death loops it forces you into.I have yet to have "" Fun"" playing this game it's more like a chore..If this game was First person, it would have been a whole lot better, more intense, and more what the Dev's had in mind  . I Recommend this game only after the price comes down, like in half.."
,Not Recommended,268050,26370132,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TheLordOfLordran,"The Evil Within feels like it strives too hard to be both a survival horror game and still implement the horror aspect. The survival aspects (combat, stamina management, etc) are all fairly clunky, so that aspect isn't too personally enjoyable for me. In terms of horror well.. It began fairly well, but then quickly lost its touch after jumping back in forth between 'reality' and.. whatever the other realm may have been. It REALLY took away from the horror, in my opinion.After the end of each chapter you get an arcade looking screen that really takes away from the immersion even further, making the game feel a whole helluva lot less threatening than I expected when I first purchased it.All in all, this game is very reminiscent of the Resident Evil games series. While I personally LOVE RE, i purchased this game for more of a horror experience than anything, and it failed to deliver."
76561198155070620,Recommended,268050,12492790,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,D A R K G H O S T,somebody help me it doesn't work for me i got ripped off
76561197998141910,Recommended,268050,12491297,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,CertainMystique,"Scariest game since dead space, anyone who says otherwise is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I've jumped at my own shadow a few times already, and even when you get spotted and you know you're going to die, well running makes it better :P ANDD THE UPDATE. I've experienced my first crash after sneaking around for about 30 minutes with no save point between the last save and that time. I did change my hardware settings because I got a notice of excessive cpu usage maybe that is why. All the same irritating dont change any graphic settings in game. I played the first chapter with 60 fps and 1.8 screen ratio which is pretty much full screen. I then re-played it with default and the widescreen blacked out top and bottom really didnt bother me and I could see no difference from 30 to 60 fps. The voice over sounds werent working I had to download an update from microsoft for that. All around a bit of an irritating experience so far but I would still suggest giving it a go."
76561197987816691,Recommended,268050,12668199,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,NoPantsMan,"Quite a good entry by legendary designer Shinji Mikami. Suffers a bit from wanting to not be Resident Evil 4 but struggles to do anything different enough to justify it not. About 12 - 15 hours in a single playthrough, waffles a bit early on but finds its footing as it progresses. Recommend if you're looking for a decent horror themed game otherwise if you're just looking for an action game, probably wait for a special."
,Recommended,268050,12492041,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,quanchu,"Lots of tension and the enemies are actually threatening,   You cant just run up and kick dudes after a headshot like in resident evil 4.  Atmosphere is good.  Runs smoothly on my computer after i unlocked the fps but i have a video card with 4gb of vram."
76561198119644516,Not Recommended,268050,12799040,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Player,"Game starts out strong and looks amazing. But it quickly deteriorates into a monotous search for ammo and TONS of upgrade material but you can't use it unless you have ammo which is always on short supply. So you pick up a little ammo and think good I can play and then comes a boss who requires all of your ammo. Then you are stuck stocking up your small ammo storage, storage can be upgraded but I've yet to max out more than two weapons ammo at once. The crossbow has the most ammo which somehow you can miraculousy make bolts out of an infinite storage of traps parts what are these traps parts and how do they turn into crossbow bolts? So you kill the boss and you get 10000000000000 gel points and what else does he drop? NOTHING! what no health for your burdened health bar? no ammo for your empty shotgun? that's ok you can use melee weapons for more damage, not so fast they disintigrate after one hit kills, genius! I have a knife that'll work, nah you can only use that on sneak kills... of which you can never sneak up on any zombie after the 3rd chapter... Oh an the most powerful weapon is a pistol which just makes me sad considering the zombies pick up assault rifles and are gunning me down... The storyline, oh the storyline even a hey i turned that ♥♥♥♥♥ sister of mine into a 6 armed beast because my mother made me sleep in a cellar with spiders would have been interesting but nah lets hurry up and get to the other scary monster that can one hit kill you with ease. Theres puzzles too! of which you have to shoot levers that aren't lit up that you search forever for, Maybe a simple comment from your hero or a journal could have been helpful... All in all the game looked great it was fun for the demo bought it immediately and now I'm bored. Oh and when you run into a boss monster that can't be killed until the fourth scene from running from her why was it set up so that I could fight her and she just jumps in a portal in the first place? Now I have no ammo... In the end more thought could have been put into this game but now I feel dumb for putting up the money for it."
,Not Recommended,268050,23434482,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Bortch,"I not only don't recommend this game, but I highly don't recommend it! This game alone may be the most overhyped experience in my life.I couldn't wait to play this game, I was constantly moving and bought the game ahead of time so, when I finally settled down, I could put some hours into it. From what I saw of the game (which wasn't too much) I was pumped. It looked like the next evolution in the Resident Evil series with an actual survival aspect to the game. In fact, the first hour of the game was phenominal; save one part where I was running from an enemy in an interactive scripted sequence, did the same thing three times in a row, and still managed to die on my first two attempts while getting away on the third.I really should've paid attention to that sequence though, it was warning me about this game. In fact, the whole game feels like a luck of the draw. Don't believe me? There's a stat you can level up in the game that will increase your chance of instantly killing your enemies with a headshot. That's right! You're skill doesn't matter in this game. You WILL be punished for lining up that perfect shot. Not that that's a bad thing, I like that each enemy feels like an obstacle, in fact, I LOVE that stealth kills are a thing in this game, it requires you to rely on more than just your (very limited) raw firepower to survive. But, when given the opportunity to gain the upperhand, I've restarted the same checkpoint numerous times because of the inconsistency of my weapons. If you get surrounded and you're already low on health, you can't sprint away and your guns do practically nothing to help you clear a path.But I forgave the game for all of that, even for the misleading dialouge: *picks up a chainsaw* ""I'll hold on to this."" *IMMEDIATLEY uses it and throws it away* (some sort of permanent melee weapon that requires resources to use would've been nice as an ACTUAL last resort). And, like I said, the first hour of actual game is great. You really need to take you're time in this game and, as you uncover each new moment in the game, it can really make you feel for some pretty intense moment, whether they're scripted or not.However, I drew the line at the first ""tackle this mission however you want"" village. All the great ideas are there, but you're character is useless at doing anything. Weapons don't hit their mark... A LOT! Melee weapons break at one use and are weak, meaning you will be punching things... A LOT! Stealth is mandatory for proper survival, unless you are spotted by the enemy, which will happen... A LOT! Especially since most of the times I was caught was by a situation I was forced into, which then escalated into me dying quickly, and restarting back at a checkpoint I was at 15 minutes ago. Eventually... I raged and murdered the whole town as quickly and loudly as possible, taking me out of the game by turning my character into a 60's cartoon rendition of a fight cloud full of fists, axes and bullets. And yet, I still died a few times, mostly because I spent at least two of those deaths unloading an entire revolver chamber into two different zombies' heads. WHY ARE LUCKY HEADSHOTS A THING!??!? I need to feel rewarded for what I am doing right, not treated the same as if I were shooting enemies in the foot.But I kept going, telling myself that the game was still worth it and that I was going to have more fun now that I'm out of the village. Then I was forced into a conflict that lead to the death of any hopes and dreams I had for this game. Invisible, fast moving enemies that can choose whether that are hit by your bullets and can take off a third of your health (or more) whenever they feel like it. It also doesn't help that they have radars built into their heads because they always know where you are, no matter how preposterous it is for them to be able to track you; my best record was three rooms with three separate sets of doors that they had to bash open, run ALLLLL the way back to the start, into a dark corner where I was hiding. Mind you, it took me three minutes to run to and hide there, and it took them practically three minutes to get through all three sets of doors, but they still knew where I was and could track me from over a mile away like they were right next to me.For a split second, I thought I was playing a free to play game and almost reached for my wallet so I could jump over the ridiculous pay wall they set before me. Then I realized that this game has no pay wall. Your suffering is its payment. And I was not okay with that.♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,268050,12662974,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Oginam_tv,"Here's my simple breakdown of this game:It's not scary. I didn't enjoy playing it. The AI is actually terrible. The story is...well, there may be one but I stopped caring. The game is very easy with artificial difficulty put on top to cover that up (innacuracy, critical hits on guns for example).It is a pretty game but that is undermined by just about everything else.This isn't Silent Hill or Resident Evil 4: HD or anything like that. It's game that looks good but lacks direction, competent mechanics, interesting gameplay, and any sense of real horror.Don't buy this unless you like to be dissappointed or really need to make a youtube video of yourself screaming (you're going to have to fake it though, just fyi)."
,Not Recommended,268050,19599748,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,DirtyFishy,"The scariest enemy in this game is a 30FPS limit.This is honestly a pretty terrible port, slow FPS, framerate drops, dodgy textures. I can't recommend it."
76561198050077308,Not Recommended,268050,12510464,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,DonCamillo,"one should be able to return a game for a refund!especially if the game itself turns out to be ""the evil within"" your pc in less than one hour!"
76561197999106637,Not Recommended,268050,12823586,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Swerty,"Well, it's an OK game not what I expected when it said that it's the ""back to the roots of survival horror"", it's not scary and it's more like a stealth game with some shoot em up parts, but it's entertaining. I don't recommend the game because all of the massive glitches, performance issues and that the game is crashing all over the place, the game started fine, but after I defeated the first boss it started this glitch and bug fest"
,Recommended,268050,12502396,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,CHKnDaemon,"So far I am loving it. If you are trying to get an idea about what its like then ignore the negative reviews. Trust me. Alot of people are complaining about the black bars thing and saying its due to a bad port so let me clear this up for you. It is not a porting issue, it runs the EXACT same way on console. It is meant to be widescreen to show more of your surrounding like it would in a movie to GIVE it a movie feel. If you see anymore negative reviews about it...squash it. You can also change that on PC unlike on console but I PREFER the way they made it. <Debunked and moving onThe FPS issue: Who cares, game is fun and you can ALSO change it in the debug console to 60 (or more but I recommend it at 60 or even leave at 30). Another option you dont get on console. It has some kinks but the devs have already stated they will provide patches for it but not past 60fps. Understandabale, it was made to run on older consoles too so thats a given. Atleast we PC MASTA RACE get the option. To be honest 30 looks fine to me and on that note, PC for once didnt get a definitive version and so what the game is fun. <Debunked and moving onGraphical wise the game looks good in all its gritty, fuzzy and bloody glory. Its like playing the most F'ed up snuff slasher film youve ever encountered. Again, RUNS THE SAME WAY ON CONSOLE! Game has not lagged on me yet, either. <Debunked and moving onNow for the part youve been waiting for and barely, if at all, mentioned by the morons before me. If youve ever played or heard of The Last of Us then combine that with Resident Evil 4 and you get The Evil Within. Ammo is scarce, health medicine just as scarce, you are a mere mortal amongst twisted hell beast trying to figure out what is going on while simultaneously trying to survive. Game mechanics work very similar to The Last of Us and pays HUGE homage to Resident Evil 4. If you were lucky to play the original RE games then youll quickly notice the easter eggs put in the game as well. You will struggle to survive on a brutal battlefield that can be challenging and nerve racking but is fair and playable and every death whether the enemy or yours is brutal and enjoyable. The odds are against you but if you suck it up and push forward YOU WILL enjoy this game. <Debunked moving onAs you can see from the other reviewers flat out giving it bad reviews the majority are complaining that it isnt super polished so that they cant show off their superiority to console gamers. While they sit and pout Ill be playing this game on Hard difficulty (Survivalist) because Ive been thinking about it all day. And just for the record, Im playing this with an AMD 8350 and with only 3g of vram. <Debunking concludedSo far 8/10"
,Not Recommended,268050,12516084,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,raudrick,DONT BUY its a laggy mess with a low frame rate cap and problems not being addressed and I am not changing my system around for 1 game ....... $66 my♥♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,268050,29415004,Posted: 21 January,all,TheLiriValley,"This game..... this ♥♥♥♥ing game....Honestly?It's just... It's not a horror game. ugh.It's so tough to put into words everything that I disliked about this game. The repetative mechanics, the annoying boss fights, the lame story. I could literally go on and on for a long♥♥♥♥♥time explaining everything I hate about this game.The truth is - this game has already taken up so much of my life, hours I cannot get back, that writing a review that cost me any real time would be just as wasteful.1/10Doors are tough."
,Not Recommended,268050,34354627,Posted: 19 August,all,Cam,"Rating: ⭐I really wanted to like this game, but the constant technical problems really killed it for me. The options with the camera having black bars (which can be turned off) and being zoomed in way to close to the protag (cannot be fixed) were bad enough, but the framerate and physics ticks being different kept causing high frame delay. It seems like they really went overboard with the visual effects, especially film grain, and it's made the game far worse imo. Hopefully the sequel is better."
,Recommended,268050,34493112,Posted: 25 August,all,Patriarch,"I'm guessing negative reviews stem from compatibility issues, as the game is demanding. I haven't had any, but my system is strong. For people with compatibility issues: look at the minimum requirements. That says i7. Minimum. And I'm willing to bet you're using AMD and Radeon. You playing on a Mac too? Git gud.Putting the peasantry in their place aside, I really enjoyed this game. It's basically a mechanically superior version of RE4, with some additions like a really solid stealth system, and a generally superior atmosphere and story. And less escorting a stupid girl around.I'd pay 20 bucks for it."
76561198047350224,Recommended,268050,12504407,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Seymore Chumpkins (Esquire),"Let me start by saying that back when Shinji Mikami was planing to make another game 10 years ago he didnt quite intend it to be resident evil 4. Now he has finaly been able to make the game that he wanted to 10 years ago. In other words resident evil 4 wasnt going to be resident evil 4. The Evil Within is game that Shinji was finaly able to make without being pressured into merging the story with another resident evil game. The thing that makes this game scary is that you cant always expect everything to be the same each throughout the game: unpradictabl. Im 7 hours into the game, and im looking forward to NG+ and on hard mode (or whatever the name of the hardest dificulty is) NG+. If you loved resident evil 4, this game will be total wonderland of nostalgia, because this is the game that Shinji was going to make 10 years ago instead of RE 4."
,Recommended,268050,12603279,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Garenator,"So first off, the thing everyone talks about, the graphics settings.I found this game to work really well on my system (i5 4440, gtx 760). I personally think that while 60fps is preferable to 30 fps, it's only really neccessary for online games, mainly FPS like BF4/Titanfall. I don't think 30 fps for a single player only game should be that big of a deal.Yes, there are cinematic bars at the top and bottom that mess with the display if you remove them, but I don't mind them now that I'm about 3-4 hours into the game. It's part of the experience. When you're in cover stealthing enemies, you don't have crazy peripheral vision, you have to be somewhat careful about checking that you're clear and when you pop out. They put me off at first but I don't mind them now.The graphics themselves are really well done I think, not so much the ""realism"" but more the style. It's nice that it looks different, I think. And the style fits the atmosphere very well.So far the story is interesting, but I'm not expecting an ending like BioShock Infinite. I really enjoy the gameplay, the stealth mechanics are fun, even on easy ammo is scarce enough that you need to make somewhat good use of stealth.So far, it's not very scary, more atmospheric tension. The first chapter did scare the hell out of me (it's the same thing you'll see in the gameplay trailers, so this isn't really a spoiler), the bit when you have a hurt leg and think you got away, only to hear the chainsaw demon guy come crashing down the drainage pipe and you have to hobble away and hide, that scared me even though I had seen it before in the aforementioned trailer. You truly are helpless.That goes away once you get a decent arsenal, and is replaced with the feeling of satisfaction you get when that same enemy that killed you so many times before can now be blown in half with an explosive crossbow bolt.Granted, I still have a ways to go in this game, so maybe (hopefully) there will be more areas like that.The puzzles are also cool, I've just gotten past the ""blurry room"" puzzle, was a cool concept, I can't recall every playing a puzzle like that in another game before.While I do feel like this game got overhyped, it has solid gameplay mechanics with a cool graphic style that both work very well with the atmosphere to create a fun experience. The gore is also great, I remember when I first got the pistol and shot half a zombie's head off, only to realize a second later when it grabbed me that you have to get ALL of the head otherwise they come back.Your in this deaths are also awesome, metal and/or brutal. If you want to see a good one let the 4 armed girl/monster thing kill you."
76561197971158097,Recommended,268050,12603450,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,KEENO,"Im loving this, I would recommend this to anyone. (not kids lol)Even my Wife has sat beside me and watch while I play and ended up gripping the seat and trying to look around corners. And long.. It just keeps on going.. Throughly enjoying it!, However. Google how to get the console working (achevments wont work if you do this) and play around with the aspect ratio and turn of the 30fps cap.I have my aspect set to ""2.2"". Still have the black bars but not as pronounced."
,Not Recommended,268050,33215085,Posted: 3 July,all,Sneake,"Great environment, but the pace is so damn slow. Scary and creepy and fun at times, but I spend so much time creeping around throwing bottles that I am just bored most of the time."
76561198056449354,Not Recommended,268050,29519086,Posted: 27 January,all,Muffinloaf ♥,"The game is fine but it just has too many cheap deaths in it and the checkpoints are too far apart, making the game a chore to play."
,Recommended,268050,23183117,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,xXSnakExX,gooooood
,Recommended,268050,24270707,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,simple_logic_,"The Shortest Review for ""The Evil Within"" you will EVER see:Score: 8.5/10 - Amazing!Worth the Buy? - Yes, Full Price Worthy!There you have it, that is my Review for ""The Evil Within""!k bye"
76561198046325571,Recommended,268050,12869865,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Ashfalor SaltBorneSouls,"Not as good action as RE4. Not as thoroughly creepy and mind-infesting as SH2. This is a short, to the point review.Get it."
76561198039164510,Recommended,268050,12802435,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,DarkMarcus,"I've played many horror,suspense & other games made by Shinji Mikami to which I myself personally find their objective to still blow my mind clear from my seat still. After testing out the demo & my heart like out of my body from seeing much graphic work, artwork & much work made by multiple corporations my recommendation stands high for any true blue stand alone killer stealth or somewhat a gun blazing cowboy, this game should added to your ethic group if you're a killer stealth wise or blazing gun cowboy type."
,Not Recommended,268050,34589809,Posted: 29 August,all,FransisKransis,"The Evil Within has definitely heard of Resident Evil, Outlast, and Silent Hill, but it's not particularly clear as to what any of them are. 'Horror' can function fine as a tone, but not as a theme."
76561198050719674,Recommended,268050,31776003,Posted: 15 May,all,Gam3rX,"Don't Let the name confuse you, this is actually Resident Evil: 7. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,268050,14270568,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Corrosion,"eh...cant recommend this.... too much wrong with it.... ya its fun, but its got too many glitches, there is only one way to do most of the story so its a set path, the enemies feel exactly like resident evil and this is why many people dont like the game because they hate the enemies in RE. they dont really fit into the game and just make it stupid. also JUMP SCARES and more ENEMIES who u cant kill without a stupid sequence of Bull-shoit events. and bugs and crashes.Graphics: 8/10Gameplay: 3/10Story: 8/10Variety: 3/10Immersion: 3/10Suspense: 3/10Engine: 6/10Controls: 2/10Game sucked"
,Recommended,268050,24693228,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,DENHAR,Just finish the game..What a great game!!Worth to buy!!10/10
,Not Recommended,268050,19924161,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Death of Self,"only made it about 10 minutes in, the ultra wide screen makes this very frustrating, why the hell would you do this?!?! Also, you realize mice have more than 2 buttons, right? Why the hell cant I rebind anything to anything else besides button 1 and 2?"
76561197970460539,Not Recommended,268050,22928384,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Spectre,About 20 minutes and not enjoying the experience.  Mouse control is terrible. Mouse scroll doesn't work so I can't read any in-game documents. Wow.
,Not Recommended,268050,19979779,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dalts,"I've played the game for 2 hours and, for me, it's a poorly made copy of Resident Evil 4. I don't like to make comparisons like this, but is the truth. And the game is extremely incoherent! You inject yourself with syringes to recover health and use World War grenades and both things says in their descriptions that their origin are unknown. You fall in a lake with a fire lantern and you still can light the lantern right after you leave the lake. You collect unintroduced ""green gels"" to upgrade yourself sitting on a torture chair (which you access going through the mirror like in Silent Hill). Really? Those things were acceptable 10 years ago, not nowadays."
,Not Recommended,268050,24192946,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,perautomatik,"Frekkin impossible to control your character in this game. How do you other gents and ladies to it? It's so much hard work into just getting the angles right for what you want to do or see. This is probably not a problem for most people, but for me it is. Not a game for me but if you're used to cramp your hands around a controller this probably is the horror-game for you.The little I've seen of it has been very beautiful though.I haven't played through the game."
76561198009842155,Not Recommended,268050,33348279,Posted: 7 July,all,Bishop Of Battle,"Some background on me I loved Dead Space, though not so much Dead Space 2.  In that vein I can see the patterns so far in this game and it's horror cheeze galore, maybe it scares kids, it doesn't scare me.  The same hooded dude poping in and out is cheezy not scary (mr hoodie - ooo im scared - NOT).  This game has plenty of scenes where they make you slowly walk through them and something super cheezy happens that adds nothing to the game or the story (which really annoys me).  I bought it on sale, glad I didn't pay full price it's not worth it.  Dead Space is a much much better game.  I do have to say the mechanics of this game are similar, combat and upgrade and inventory wise which is nice.  So if you cut out the cheezy sequences, it would be more like Dead Space but again just not scary and cheezy.Not a bad game just too much cheese for me.  Cutting out the lame slow sequences where nothing scary happens would have helped.  It's ok, I'd give it a C compared to Dead Space the original.  I'll update this review if my opinion improves.  After 5 hrs in I'm already finding myself reluctant to keep playing it because of the cheeze and playing on tight rails.I would highly recommend 7 days to die if you really want to be scared and like crafting open world type games.  7 days to die has truely made me scream like a little girl on several occasions.  Though it's a different type of game than this.  This game is horror cheese on rails.  7 days gets you when you don't expect it - no rails."
76561198028490161,Recommended,268050,25563040,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Pyro,"A bit of that outlast feeling when you're trying to run away from the fat guy with the chainsaw. Awesome game, intense atmosphere in the beginning of the game. Good way to start the story."
,Not Recommended,268050,33148333,Posted: 2 July,all,Silphen,"Update 7/3/2017 : I found out if you put it on ""Casual"" mode, it actually gives you a more detailed controls tutorial (why this isn't standard, I have no clue).I finally got past the intro on Casual. So yay I guess?Controls: They're alright. Not what I'd have expected from a more modern game, but still ok, I say this, because the character feels slow. His stamina is pretty sad (what kind of detective can only run 5 feet before they're winded?). There's no quick-turn which makes for some VERY bad encounters right after cutscenes or door/mechanism activation.Story: I don't even know. Was their goal to leave the story so poorly written that it encourages people to continue playing wondering ""Maybe they'll explain it a bit further in..."" I'm on like chapter 4, and there's been nothing so far that has given any context to why or what is going on. Maybe this is the part they took from Silent Hill? Hoping it gets better, but based on other reviews, it's never really ""completely"" explained even with the DLC's.Environment:Immediately after the first chapter, you're taken from the city and thrown into some random backwater country side. I just find it odd, as I've lived and traveled among many cities and never seen one transition to a medeival-looking, run-down, village/ruins right outside the city.Just lacks realism. Also, not really scarey still. Just kind of rehashed vibes from Resident Evil 4's villages so far.Realism: First thing that caught my attention was at the intro.Now, this is a video game so this complaint isn't something I'd consider a ""negative to the game"". It's more of a thing I hope (but doubt) the devs will see and improve upon.The main character is hanging, grabs a sword, cuts himself down and just gets up. If he was tied to a point he was hanging, he'd have had to also cut the ropes from around his ankles after cutting the main rope and falling to the ground. The physics were also fairly silly, as an ambulance traveling the speed it was would have toppled over making the turns that it was in the cinematic.Mechanics: So, the ""burning bodies"" mechanic I assumed was supposed to keep enemies from returning. However, I found out this is not the case. The game does not explain this one either. Burning bodies is meant to burn enemies running at you and save ammo, NOT to kill an already dead enemy.Supposedlysome enemies will pretend to be dead, but most players have said this is generally not the case. I wasted many matches because of the games failure to explain mechanics, again.All-in-all, I'm still not impressed. I will continue to progress and pray it gets better. I can definitely confirm that other reviews stating it's a mash-up of other games is fairly accurate though. The issue with that being, I could always play the other games if that's the feeling I wanted. I bought this for a new experience, and this hasn't delivered yet.-----------------------------------------------------------OIRIGINAL: I'd thumbs up it if I could get to the actual game. Death after death in the intro lead me to give up on trying this game. Might come back to it later, but the fact that the intro is overly difficult, doesn't explain controls or mechanics at all, and just kind of says ""Good luck, get f*****d"" were all rather disappointing. After 30 minutes of listening to grunting and chainsaw, I was more frustrated than terrified.If I wanted a game that was overly difficult for no reason, I'd buy Dark Souls.If I wanted a game hiding in lockers, I'd get Outlast.I bought this game under the impression that it was similar to Resident Evil 4. I don't see it at all. The ""instant death"" intro, clunky character controls, and overall horridly slow movement turned me off from this game before I even got to experience the actual game. I bought this because a sequel was announced so I thought to myself ""It got a sequel, it musta been good."" Now I see that it probably wasn't good, but rather too many people bought into the hype it was revitalizing the survival-horror genre.This game isn't scarey, terrifying, and is hardly what I'd call hardly suspensful. It's aggravating without a purpose. All they did, based on other reviews I've read, is mash a bunch of other survival-horror mechanics into a game and called it ""new"". Also, the lack of quick turn? Was this made in the 90's? No wait...even Resident Evil 3 had quick turn...and that came out in '99...Should I EVER get into the actual game, I'll update this review. But I don't know how likely that will be, since it's not the genre it was advertised."
76561197967834031,Not Recommended,268050,28987966,Posted: 3 January,all,Interceptor Special,Resident Evil 4 minus fun.
,Recommended,268050,34497077,Posted: 25 August,all,KangarooMax,Woah!!! game don't crash 10/10
76561198254721557,Recommended,268050,24734961,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Cmd.Qin.W.X,"Gory and brutal. Moreover portraying a psychothic mindset of a man. Hell, even Resident Evil can not be this brutal after the installment of Resident Evil 4.  An intense breathtaking game added with stealth feature for a chilling sensation.9/10 would recommend this game if you a fan of stealth game."
76561198030570438,Not Recommended,268050,13275786,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ringod123,"cant give a review on the game play as the game is nigh unplayable, even on a gtx 980, 16gb DDR 2400, and AMD 9590 @ 5ghz the game suffers from constant FPS stutters, even with all settings turned to minimum and resolution turned down to 1280x720. Needs optimisation badly. And the fact it forces you to choose between locking your framerate at either 30 or 60 is ludicrous! way to nerf G-sync monitors, which would actually help hide your shockingly bad FPS and stutters.Edit: even at 66% off, its still 100% too expensive as it just simply doesnt work..."
76561198022466585,Not Recommended,268050,14174635,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,CaFrEaKgE,"After a few hours of trouble shooting I am unable to get this game to function. All drivers ae up to date and my computer well excedes the recommended specs. I would say just skip it, even if its on sale, its basically just a waste of space and money.And after the first attempt to post this review. OF A NON-WORKING GAME""You need to have used this product for at least 5 minutes before posting a review for it (3 minutes on record)""I was given that BS... After starting the program to have it crash multiple times, I NOW post my review."
,Not Recommended,268050,20143655,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,moomoojubu,"I can't say that I enjoyed mthis game. The story doesn't make any sense. The game makes you run around finding a friends that didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about you. The game itself tries very hard to be Resident Evil 4 but it's not. This game is about dying because you die A LOT. It's kinda frustrating than challenging experience. The graphic is fine but you'll end up in gross or disturbing scenes half of the game. The graphics options on PC version are very limited. Only Anti-aliasing options and resolutions are available.Overall, this game is not a bad game. It's not buggy or anything but due to poor story-telling and and a one-hit-kill from the enemy. I just can't recommend this game to anyone."
76561198030878029,Recommended,268050,33030315,Posted: 30 June,all,Cazabrow,Finding bullets is harder than finding Bin Laden.10/10
76561198002427158,Not Recommended,268050,32944492,Posted: 28 June,all,Dormuth,"Very bad game, controls are horrible. Avoid."
76561198024960953,Recommended,268050,23912684,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Koopa Trappa,"The best thing since Resident Evil 4, but not as good either. Basically what you get crossing RE4 with Silent Hill 2."
,Not Recommended,268050,15909667,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,zork2112,"I'd love to be able to play it, but they still haven't fixed the bugs with the menu."
,Recommended,268050,26378579,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mutant Lives Matter,"Outstanding horror game, chapter 1 was 10/10 (probably because I love leatherface)."
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,268050,29947272,Posted: 15 February,all,Dire,"Edit: Thanks for telling me that hitting an enemy in the head with a bottle allows a sneak kill afterwards. In chapter 15!!!! The final chapter! Stupid ""tips"".Edit 2: Ends on a ♥♥♥♥ing cliff hanger. Of course. Not sure if the DLC changes that.""Pure Survival Horror ReturnsShinji Mikami, the father of survival horror, is back to direct a chilling new game wrapped in haunting narrative. Tension and anxiety heighten dramatically as you explore the game’s tortured world.""""The New Face of HorrorExperience a disturbing reality as you try to break free from warped machinations that could only exist in the most horrifying worlds. Defeat insurmountable terror and experience the ultimate thrill by discovering The Evil Within.""These are quotes from the game's store page...and that's why I have to give the game a ""not recommended"". It's not that The Evil Within is a bad game, it's just not a survival horror game.The gameplay just contradicts these statements in every way. While the levels themselves have a haunting atmosphere, the gameplay is mostly ""kill, kill, kill"". There isn't any ""big bad"" in the game you can't kill (maybe initially). Heck, there are even boss monsters you have to off. To do so, you get pretty much every weapon in the 2nd or 3rd chapter. From hand gun to shot gun, sniper rifle or spear thrower or even melee weapons you can pick up, there's usually enough around to get you through a level. The biggest enemy here is not the enemy AI, but rather the terrible controller aiming (maybe you should play this with mouse and keyboard then), as well as the narrow view the game offers. The protagonist can also sneak around and 1 shot many of the normal enemies in melee if they don't see him. Yes, you feel REALLY powerful, especially since taking a few hits doesn't mean you're dead. You almost never feel powerless in this game. The few times you do are obnoxious boss fights you have to repeat until you realize what to do, then just follow the routine.This is the antithesis of survival horror in my opinion. At no point in the game was I anxious or afraid to move forward. The game is gory and gruesome with good monster design, but those monsters are so ""standard"" to deal with. 1 example: Later on in the game you come into a room with a crank handle. You need to operate this to open a gate. By this time you know this won't work without enemies spawning (because the game does it almost every time and because there was another gate with a handle a few minutes earlier). So, you approach the handle and WOAH there are bodies falling through the ceiling. WHO would have thought. Now at this point that was actually new and I was thinking ""huh, better get the ♥♥♥♥ out and grenade them to♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; (yes, you have grenades in this game -.-). Turns out that was a waste of a perfectly fine grenade since those enemies flop around helplessly like fish on land and can be ""kicked"" to death...*sigh*.Like I said the most difficult aspect about EW is the camera and the aiming. The game's ""artistic vision"" means black bars that take over 1/3 or more of the screen estate, meaning you can't even see your own character properly and will get nauseated at worst. You can only shoot while aiming, which means the game will zoom incredibly far in and since you need head shots to dispose of enemies that could get problematic with a controller. My tip is to google how to get rid of the black bars and do so. I personally use r_forceaspectratio 2 to minimize black bars and still have a good aspect ratio that looks normal.http://kotaku.com/how-to-get-rid-of-the-evil-withins-pesky-black-bars-on-1648854901You should NOT unlock the frame rate. I learned that the hard way when I was stuck running away from a scripted mob. I checked online and all walkthroughs just said ""yeah, just run away to complete the chapter"". Turns out the ♥♥♥♥ing monster was running a lot faster thanks to the unlocked framerate...jesus christ. Reversed the change and completed it without issues.The rest of the game constist of scavenging for ammo and some sort of ""brain gel"" or whatever to UPGRADE your character. Yes, you can get upgrades: more life, faster running, more damage, better accuracy, etc.Another thing that doesn't fit a ""survival horror"" game imho.The story is something I won't touch, since I still need to complete the game anyway, but it's ""disjointed"" to say the least. You better don't take too long to complete the game or you will have forgotten what is even going on. The characters also act completely unbaffled by the fact that they are now in some kind of hellish horror world...for whatever reason. It's a bit annoying that no one really acknowledges this. There is no sense of hopelessness...the protagonist, despite not looking the part, actually has the most positive attitude of all. Maybe he just loves mowing down hordes of mutants, because that is what you are doing in this game. Literally. There are chapters that just have constantly spawning enemies that you can shoot or hit or whatever.If you want survival horror, play another game. EW is not it. If you just want to shoot mutants, you can buy this."
76561198011459238,Not Recommended,268050,17190491,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SR212787,It's just a knock off of all horror games. This gives nothing new.
76561198026090311,Not Recommended,268050,25939812,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sabigbear79,Got it on sale but the PC port in didn't work out for me. If you want the new game+ play through extras you have to get all the regular mission items the first time through.  Only got 3 of them when I played and couldn't unlock the others when I played through the second time.  Other than that a good game but no replay value if they don't fix this glitch.
,Recommended,268050,23471685,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,-Shiro-,One of the best horror game. i rate 5/5
,Recommended,268050,22930535,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Slippery Opossum,"Never before had a ""bag over head"" person made it into their very own horror game. I wonder what he looks like, under the box on his head. Was he rejected by someone he had a crush on? The dude has a story that we never see."
,Recommended,268050,23996058,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,awping on acid,I love it!
,Recommended,268050,24145741,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Professional Walrus,It's like Resident Evil 4 but it feels unpolished as♥♥♥♥♥♥ still better than FNAF and Slender
,Not Recommended,268050,20021168,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fisiacik ♥,There are 10/10 moments but then it's total garbage. It's a goulash of all survival games with horrible technical issues and it doesn't work well at all.It was fun thou ;^)))
76561198079373381,Recommended,268050,19568139,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Groovy Smoothie,"Before playing this, I did not have even a slight phobia of spiders. NOW I have a phobia of Spider Ladies 15/10 would cry and run again."
,Not Recommended,268050,34613910,Posted: 30 August,all,JoshJBird,EZ refund
,Not Recommended,268050,20241078,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,RodeoRain,"For the life of me, i can't figure out why this game was so highly recommended. It's pretty slow, not scary at all, and is pretty damn punishing. I got too bored of this game to play past Chapter 3 of ??who cares??."
76561197976138291,Not Recommended,268050,20703998,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Reiss.^,Bit boring and the story line made no faking sense
76561198061102176,Not Recommended,268050,21337719,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,matcasX,"Don't miss out on our special offer!By buying this game you get2 Simulatorsat the price of one!- Horror Clichè SimulatorAND- Cheap Death Simulator!What are you waiting for? BUY NOW!Oh, and remember to bring up to 5 matches with you, just in case."
76561198039942668,Recommended,268050,28568678,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Gabe,If you like falling through walls with flailing arms this is the game for you!
76561198146487392,Recommended,268050,33782415,Posted: 25 July,all,Heaven,nice game
76561198001096484,Not Recommended,268050,25389063,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Handwipe,"M/KB is broken, you must use a controller for the best experience.It has no resolution scaling so anything other than your native resolution with reduce the screen size to 1/3 of your screenEven though vsync is an option in the menu it simply does not work.Surprise surprise the rest of the gfx options are extremely limited.Amazing port Bethesda, bravo. BRAVO"
76561198036193866,Recommended,268050,15937920,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,PixelFodder,Great game!
76561198053395000,Recommended,268050,13016578,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TWORODS ||,The Evil Within is freacken scary as hell i love games that scare me and are creepy like dead space but i dont know if you can compare them lol but ya this game is very worth it!!!!
,Recommended,268050,19152222,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,[LCpl] Azure Blaze,Floating iv stands and rocket launchers. 10/10 good stori
76561197979300504,Not Recommended,268050,19119279,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,benmat81,I'd sooner play Resident Evil.
,Not Recommended,268050,34558764,Posted: 28 August,all,:),"cant see anything on my main menu no otions nothing its all blank only if i use keys to go doen it tell me where i m and same during gamelay it wont show anything during upgrdes, game works fine but this bug or whatever it isi cant lay the game its unplyable sad i was hopping for so much and got nothing!"
76561198032323815,Recommended,268050,32269361,Posted: 8 June,all,Uncle Rukus,So scary. So good.
76561197966604206,Not Recommended,268050,29102325,Posted: 7 January,all,MajorKiz,"Can't say that I'd recommend it. The opening is atrociously long and the game loves long cut scenes (some unskippable) and ""not quite a cut scene"" sections where the only thing you can do is run in a straight line or get killed. A lot of gore but no real tension or scares. There's also no sense of pacing- the game goes from ""hey, here's the introduction"" to ""look, you're swimming in a literal river of blood!"" with nothing really in between.The ""matches"" mechanic is also implemented poorly- some enemies will get back up if you don't use a single match to instantly burn them up. Of course, you can only carry a maximum of 5 of these apparently enormous and unwieldy matches. Mind you, if you happen to acquire a lit torch, no, that can't be used to set bodies on fire- it takes a match. Unless you wait until they get back up, then you can beat them with the torch at the cost of destroying it.Overall, there were too many points where I went ""Lame!"" to recommend the game. Get it cheap or not at all."
76561198050712972,Recommended,268050,27162329,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Derlo565, The MLG Biochemist",k
,Recommended,268050,12729784,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Nodramajustpizza,Fun and Cinematic. Can change the difficulty if you really want the survival horror challenge.
76561198085560051,Recommended,268050,34744045,Posted: 4 September,all,Sexy Flanders,Took me three days to beat this 10/10 would waste♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of time beating it without life basicly
,Recommended,268050,19706536,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Ischyro Max,"Too scary for children, too scary for parents, and maybe too scary for you to play."
76561198077639756,Recommended,268050,19699523,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Lockheed,"For all horror fans+Graphic+Sounds/Atmosphere+Game length+""RPG"" elements-Optimalization could be better(had no problems)"
76561198092802767,Recommended,268050,28484617,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dr Dave,Quite frustrating but ok if you are patience
76561197982581918,Recommended,268050,30561060,Posted: 16 March,all,Oztington,The game is very cool for a while. Then it gets very cool. Then it get meeh. 7/10
76561198089515414,Not Recommended,268050,12610108,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,DeathDealer,"For the price this game is a lie and a joke, maybe even at half price its still a joke. If you are looking for scares get Alien Isolation...."
76561198095299610,Not Recommended,268050,12494103,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Dill Pickle,"This game has/had the potential to be the next best survival horror game out there. However I find it unplayable due to the fact that my game crashes every 5 minutes along with the completely ridiculous black boxes on the screen.. It's like trying to watch a really old western or something, plus I found it distracting and making the game far less scary."
76561198003264872,Not Recommended,268050,12619128,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ChaosRus,crash crash crash crash crash 30 fps and truely cinematic experience!♥♥♥♥♥this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198075660398,Recommended,268050,12491286,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SKULLZZ098,This game is a peice of art people are just hating on the small things that add to the atmosphere
,Not Recommended,268050,24367979,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,RetriButioN,"Whether you're a Resident Evil veteran or a Silent Hill fan; an Amnesia lover or an Outlast player, it doesn't matter, this game is not for you, do NOT play this game, this game isn't for anyone. Even if you're an absolute die-hard fan of Horror genre, it still doesn't jusify wasting your precious time on the horrible mess that's The Evil Within. Now, I came to this with very low expectations but was still disappointed. Even buying this title on a sale would be a mistake and I will explain why in this review.First off, let me start by the nonsensical story and blunt characters, out of all the characters (and there aren't many to begin with) I couldn't find a single person that I could relate to or even like a little bit. Character design is utterly terrible, you can't feel anything for the characters because they're so undeveloped and plain weak. Story isn't any better, it doesn't many any sense and the ending is one of the worst I've seen in horror movies/games so far. Until the very end of the game, you literally have no idea what the hell is going on and the nonsense tapes and journals wouldn't help much at all. Overall, the story is just so bad that you'd completely lose any interest in the game in the beginning few hours. The nonsense story with its uninteresting characters is coupled with subpar voice acting and bad animations. If you're looking for a thrilling adventure, you won't find that here.So hopefully gameplay would make up for it, right? Wrong. Gameplay is an unpolished broken mess. The mind-blowing difficulty of the game stems only from imbalances and cheap deaths. Half the time you have no idea WTF killed you, the other half it was an enemy you couldn't see because the camera just sucks. There's no adjustment option for FOV (Field of View) and if the default settings (whatever the hell it is) doesn't give you motion sickness, you will get headaches and/or nausea. Controls are extremely difficult and the main character is very sloppy. This game will make you wish you could have the tank controls of Resident Evil 4 back, this is MUCH worse than that. The level design is so poor that even though the game is pretty linear, navigation is difficult because there are traps LITERALLY everywhere. You would blow yourself up by traps or get eaten by invisible enemies A LOT. That's right, completely invisible enemies! As if the frustration mess of traps wasn't enough already...Normal enemies can kill you in very few hits, and if they grab you, you're screwed. Because either the broken camera will disorient you or you get teleported through the ground then gang-banged by all of the enemies at once. Basically, in group fights if you're grabbed you're dead. There are many bugs and glitches and the technical side isn't any better. You randomly slide around in the map, you get stuck in objects, objects (such as barrels) get stuck in each other and become unusable and much more.The only redeeming factor would be the somewhat appealing graphics which would take a high-end gaming rig to even run properly because the optimization is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. NPCs have no hit detection, you can literally move through them. And the game will crash A LOT for no reason.Overall, I wouldn't recommend playing this game even if you get it for free somehow. It's simply not worth your time, it could've been a great game but ended up utterly terrible because of poor development. Technical side is an absolute mess which by itself could make the game completely unplayable. On the other hand we've got imbalanced gameplay and frustrating level design which kills you over and over again just for the sake of extending play time through retries.So let me make myself very clear now, this game isn't just bad it's utterly terrible. It's plain awful and a complete waste of time and 60GB."
,Not Recommended,268050,12692585,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Untamed Caviar,Terrible port of a sub-standard game.Play Resident Evil 4 instead.
,Recommended,268050,12493316,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Dinky Kang,Just 30 mintues in and already on my top three favortie horror games.
,Not Recommended,268050,23464257,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,BaboGum,"Would of given a better review but sadly this game has been giving me issues ever since I bought it...overhyped game imo. Even with a high end computer, I still get black screens and stuck loading screens. The game is fun indeed but sadly not when it doesn't return you the favor of smooth gameplay.My setup Gigabyte GeForce GTX 980Ti 6GB WINDFORCE 3X OC Edition, Intel Core i7-6700k, Gigabyte GA-H170-D3HP Motherboard, DDR4 16GB Ripjaws Series x2, Liquid Cooling along with 6 fans.... I don't understand how this game I can't run but I can run Rise of the Tomb Raider on max settings with no issues."
,Not Recommended,268050,33056985,Posted: 30 June,all,Qualitybeats,"No 180 quick turn, modern horror troupes, janky, pacing is bad, difficulty curve feels RNG, narrative is stupid...Game is a 6.5 at best.  Play RE4 or Dead Space instead, time better spent."
,Not Recommended,268050,34706892,Posted: 3 September,all,Red Son,"Have you ever wanted to play Resident Evil 4, Silent Hill 4 and 15 minutes of Outlast all at the same time, but without charm and clever game design?  Do you enjoy cliched and by-the-numbers 'horror' stories with absolutely no depth or an ounce of subtlety? Did you ever wish you could just find a mediocre RE4 clone shooter with tacked on, clunky stealth mechanic that ran like unoptimized♥♥♥♥♥on a PC? Then boy, oh boy, will you LOVE The Evil Within!And dont you worry about having interesting or colourful characters! This game made sure to only include stock, 1-dimensional cardboards instead of people. You have your stoic 'Detective' protagonist, your 'By the book' sidekick,  your 'Tragic' villain,  and the girl. That's their entire characterizations right there.This game is so heavy on its thick atmosphere and bombastic action setpieces and gore desensitization - it makes Dead Space 2 look like Citizen Kane of horror games.The only aspect this game excels apart from player frustration and multitude of insta-kill situations ( I died 74 times during 17 hour campaign), IS the combat, which is basically RE4, but worse. Stealth is a joke, shouldnt even be here, you can stealth kill certain enemies and you find that out the hard way, because the game doesnt tell you that until you're trying to stick your sword upon a shroom guy's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, until he promtly turns around and insta-kills you, because every other enemy does that and because Shinji Mikami is a ♥♥♥♥ing hackfraud without a single original bone in his game's body.Levels have no sense of progression or structure, the story is nonsensical farce, with a ""anything goes' setting, as an excuse to keep showering the players with 'horror' stuff and bloody viscera that just gets dull after a while. Honestly, the monster design is pretty good, but is wasted on such a unimaginative game that feels like a blend of 5 different games from different genres, without doing ANY of them good. Buy this one only on a heavy steam sale of 75%, IF you wanna play a bad RE4 clone. Even RE5 is better than this. 4/10"
,Recommended,268050,12496361,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Titusbalsac,"THIS GAME ROCKS!!! It feels like a movie!! It's very suspenful, scary and fun. I feel like I am right in the game. The grafix look awsome too. I coudnlt be happier. You should deff. try and don't listen tot he negative comments you have to try for yourself."
76561198010932710,Recommended,268050,12494866,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,over9000,"I'd easily recommend this game. Only about halfway through at the moment, but it looks, sounds and plays wonderfully. The main protagonist is a bit hamfisted, but so was leon. I want a game where I shoot someone in the head and it is just like a Tom Savini special effects special. It's literally like planet terror in terms of the effects. I love it. The sound design is amazing too, the first time you hear the lightning of the 3rd act, well, spot on. and let's not forget the lighting in general. Easily the best looking lighting I've ever seen in a game.The pacing is good, and it's a mixed bag in terms of how some of the levels play. You can really feel the influence of the past legends with this game. The story might be a little crazy, but I like it. It's enough to be there, yet not cast too long a shadow.I especially like the upgrade system too, and the game obviously rewards exploration. Especially early on you have nothing, and smart play really gets rewarded too. I found myself torn between what to upgrade, and honestly any route would have been decent. It's flexible and and choice is a good route to go depending how you play.Regarding rehashing the past, sometimes the game doesn't need to create something completely new, but do something old very well. I think it does just that.Again, can't  stress how beautiful the game is, sounds, and how well it plays. Worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,268050,12500621,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Simbiat,"It has a bit of Allen Wake-ish feel to it, rather than Outcast or whatever like that. Meaning more mysticism than pure ""horror"". This is a good thing, for me. It is very good in terms of graphics, including the gory stuff.  It has style. The style, I actually could use, if my idea of a game takes a hold somewhere. Maybe I will send the idea to Bethsoft...The bad thing is... It's trying to bee too cinematic. For that purpose there are black lines at the bottom and at the top of the screen (supposedly 'cause of that) and camera is very close (gonzo style). Both of that limit the FOV, which makes gameplay... Uncomfortable. It could also use a ""quest guiding system"", like to show you general destination for your current objective, but that's optional. I also noticed that AI is not that smart, in 1st chapter there were no keys for the door on 1st try (saw them after I died and checkpoint got reloaded) and some minor game-design ""issues"", which do not make the game worse by themselves, but do spoil the picture further.Either way, I am dropping it for now. I hope, that there will be some kind of a patch or a mode to zoom out the camera (and better yet - remove the black lines) in near future. Preferably an official patch. And now, console options are not ok for this, because they make it worse.I am not recommending it, but if a patch is released - I'll play it further and update the review. Otherwise, I guess I'll stick with some videos of the walkthrough or something."
,Recommended,268050,12538351,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Gho$T® ☃,"I DONT know what these kids are on about. maybe they are using their mums laptop. So im using a gaming Pc and the settings are optomized to Nvidia settings. I get no lagg even if its fixd at 30fps. The aim is slow, so go into options and turn the sensitivity up, ez pz lemon sqzy its fixed.the 1 and only problem i can see is the qulaity of the graphics. it can be better, but i assume Nvidia or the Developers will put that on a update.Fun game when played on Hardest difficulty, Requires skill not just a run around game.Dont read what the kids type below. If you want this game, go get it, and make sure you customized the graphics setttings via Nvidia."
76561198154754239,Not Recommended,268050,29387457,Posted: 20 January,all,lolmac202,"This game was a huge dissapointment, The control and camera angel's are Horrible, and the Enemy AI is cheaty as hell, they will randomly teleport, to you're location. definetly a let-down type game. I would not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,268050,28665460,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RainbowsNKittens,"Was so excited to try out this game, saw it on sale and bought it instantly without bothering too much about my CPU. Finally downloaded it today, took me the whole morning to download (40 gb), and when he finally finished downloading, I launched it and man was it laggy as hell. It was so hard to even navigate on the menu page, and when I bring down all the settings, the game ran slightly better but still about the same framerate as before, searched everywhere online and came up with nothing.When I started the game, I thought maybe it will be different in-game but oh I was so wrong, it felt smooth but wasn't at the same time (if that made sense), and there is no point playing a survival horror game if your framerate is so terrible, so I decided to give it a refund (hopefully). Anyone who wants to get this game, make sure to have a really lit computer, that has a CPU above i7, because mine is i7 yet still runs at kike 20 FPS or so."
76561198061771802,Not Recommended,268050,12512004,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,I am very qay,"When I first entered the game I was greeted rather unpleasently by mouse lag when trying to ajust the treasure trove of graphics settings (there were very few, actually). When i began the game I didn't notice anything but the black bars on the top and bottom of the screen and low FPS(Capped to 30). And when I began to ignore the major problems I was shook back to reality by crashes when trying to deactivate bombs. In fact, I finally decided to write a review after the game crashed for the 6th time."
,Not Recommended,268050,12506479,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Yaethe,"A poorly written and poorly optimized game with game play that should embarrass the developers.Within the first five minutes before my character had a chance to say more than a few lines, I am literally stabbed, hung by a hook, slashed with a chain saw, and tossed down a blood filled water park into a swimming pool full of gore, all while having only walked down a hall and pressing A a few times.  It wasn't disturbing or scary...  it was BORING.Shortly after this I was shoehorned into a mandatory stealth scene all the while hobbling at the speed of a snail with no means of running or defending myself and being rewarded with an instant death each time i was spotted.  I was given a bottle to throw as a distraction, only the room was so small, the bottle arced and hit the roof right in front of me every time.After having cleared the stealth scene I was hobbling down a hallway with the chainsaw wielding enemy right on my tail.  Fortunately he was kind enough to wait while my character slowly recovered from tripping over a wheelchair in a cut scene before continuing to sprint after him.This then transitioned quite jarringly into a scene where I hopped into an ambulance and rushed through the city as it collapsed.  But just like the gore from earlier in the game, without context or even the slightest reason to care the destruction wasn't intense but BORING.  There wasn't any game play in the whole scene...The game then decided to mock me by congratulating me for having completed chapter one.  Half an hour into the game and probably 3 minutes worth the game play.I want my money back."
76561198114044262,Not Recommended,268050,12503280,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ipich,"I have 7 fps in a title menu and 5 fps in a game.I turned off SSAO and FXAA and it's the same. Even mouse is moving with 5 fps.I play FarCry3 and Battlefield4 on high with 40 fps, so WTF with this game?Don't buy PC version of this game, bethesda has done bad job."
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,268050,17198674,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"A terrible port, with an intro that involves mostly pushing the forward key for 20 minutes.If this is on sale, and you don't own a Resident Evil game, pick that up instead, Rev 1/2."
76561198128089474,Recommended,268050,12495161,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,itamarfernando,"The game is very good , but where is the subtitle in Brazilian Portuguese ?"
,Not Recommended,268050,29204511,Posted: 12 January,all,publicENEMY,Unplayable FOV. Flawless widescreen fix is not enough. Cheat engine FOV fix does not work (crashes the game without even changing the FOV).Regret my purchase.
76561198063618790,Not Recommended,268050,23967369,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kronzo,"It crashes for me a fair amount, but I think that's because I am using an external program to fix the issues of safe boundaries and FOV. There are no options for this! The black borders take up more than a fifth of the screen, each! The FOV is ridiculously zoomed in, I might as well be playing this sat on the dude's ♥♥♥♥ing shoulder! But after I got both of these fixed (sort of), the game still hasn't grasped me in anyway. It's slow, clunky, and not scary. Not even when some big ♥♥♥♥er with a chainsaw is bouldering towards you! It doesn't matter though, because each enemy type I have so far met are cliche maniacs and zombies. I mean, Outlast had very little enemy variation but at least it was scary and tense. The only way I have felt tension is through getting stuck on a goddamned wooden box trying to hobble away from an enemy. That quickly turns into all out frustration though, before the game, yet again freezes and crashes. I am intrigued about what lies ahead though, and because of that, I want to keep playing. If the game itself picks up, I will give a thumps up, even though I do not recommend on PC, but if this is the game in its entirety, DO NOT BUY!UPDATE: Found how to disable the borders. Under letterbox control. Still doesn't excuse FOV..."
76561198091604709,Not Recommended,268050,12826550,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Broba fett,"This game is the definition of false advertisement. The trailer only displays the first 20 minutes of the game, which had me effectivly shiting myself, and then completely change the concept. All atmosphere is gone, and you leave the supposedly haunted hospital before you have time to pick your nose. The game then begins to give an assortment of weapons, healing kits, and shows you an upgrade system that makes no sense.The enemies in this game are so stupid, that you feel more embarressed than afraid when they find you. They are also extremely easy the deal with. This game is a complete ""bait and switch"". I bought because the trailer made it look almost like outlast, and having just finished Alien: Isolation I was in the mood for another heart pounding horror gam; where I felt helpless and had to resort to cunning and improvise a way out of situations. However all I got was a more expensive but some how still a poor-mans version f Resident Evil 4. Do yourselves a favor and play that instead; its cheaper and much more fun than this half-brained mess."
76561197999143523,Not Recommended,268050,12906980,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Necrobutcherer,"This game started out promsing and quickly became frustrating.No Story, awful gameplay, and bad mechanics that cause frustration more than anything.Read my full review here:http://barantosratesitall.blogspot.com/2014/11/the-evil-within-3610.html"
,Recommended,268050,12616840,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ProxyJames,"first of all i would like to say that i do like the game and it was pretty good but enough with the butt kissing thets start to nit pick this ♥♥♥♥♥, first and formost the two bigist flaws as they are with you the entire game: the letterbox (the black bars on the top and bottom of the screens) and the bad camera angles, for whatever reason the developer though that the letter box format would give the game a cenamatic vew but it just chops off HALF YOUR SCREEN and the camera angels follows seb so far back often in tight corners making it very hard to see and work the camera around, the game would have been much better in first persion BUT there is a quick fix for the bars but as it invloves using the console kiss your achevements goodbye as it disables it the second you bring up the console, moving on the game starts out a bit slow and forces you into a sneaking/running away segment, cutting in i have to say some of the running away segemts are really bad as eather you have to do things perfect (or as close to perfect as you can get) or you die and have to start over or the camera is placed facing you so you die at least once cuz you cant see what you running into, but moving on i had a hard time sneaking in the game minus the first part as most common enemys will notice you even if they are facing away and your lamp is off, hell some are just stright up traps! this makes stealth the lesser of the two options, moving to combat it starts off very limited but the game quickly gives you a shotgun and a crossbow witch are very very effect not to mention grenades though they dont deal as much damage as the crossbow or shotgun. as well as maches, when a enemy is down but alive you can finish them by droping a mach and lighting them on fire (this is done so you dont just knee cap everyone and stomp there head in so your finisher moves are lmited) but even then ammo pickups are far and few inbetween (at least on normal mode witch i played it in, easy mode is provides more ammo) but after the first few segments the game pretty much FORCES you into combat stages were the only option is combat and if you dont fight carefully your left with no ammo and your dead and further in the game it pretty much turns into dead space style combat with with less ammo. anyways thats what i observed not think, i still enjoyed the story and the gameplay dispite its flaws quite a bit so if your dont mind the flaws i posted get it if not dont get it and one last thing there are two things that i (personally) didnt like 1. green gel, no one said it was green gel (witch is a stupid name for it) so because you shoot that stuff into your brain and you sometimes gather it from enemys i called it brain juice and i still do cuz thats what it is BRAIN JUICE! 2! and WARNING SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!the last boss fight plays alot like resdient evil 5/6 boss fights, you run away from the big nasty ruvik, then YOU GET INTO A HUMMER WITH A .50 BMG MACHINE GUN (a ma deuce) and shoot him a bunch then the game hands you a ROCKET LUNCHER on a golden platter and you shot him a few times with it then shoot him one last time in slow mo in the head with a handgun, i wanted something more threating, like running around in the real world while ruvik shoots brain waves at you or something and fighting off normal people hes controling to smash his brain! that would have been awesome but nope....kinda disappoint for it to turn into a normal action at the end parts!"
76561198216247652,Not Recommended,268050,29321998,Posted: 17 January,all,Snowman_The_Jimmy,Wow this game runs so bad i just had to waste my time and say so.
76561198042482266,Not Recommended,268050,12870010,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Negative Zero,i dont like it horror is good this is not
,Not Recommended,268050,12883885,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,HalfPeeled,"TLDR: It's terrible, walk away.No really, this game really is just absolutely awful. I am a big survivor/horror buff, so the previews of this game really intrigued me. I should have listened to the reviews naysaying it. The plot is simply just not there. It leaves the player feeling empty and uninspired, mindlessly stumbling through the clumsy mechanics of a pointless game. No plot, shallow characters, no substance whatsoever. Truly a disappointment. PLEASE, JUST LISTEN TO THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS AND SAVE YOURSELF $60!!!! I don't caps lock for just anything..."
,Not Recommended,268050,12855282,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Cr@zy_J@y,Hi Developers of The Evil Within:I just bought your game and is it constantly crashing.  Is there any way I can send you debug logs to figure out why?
,Not Recommended,268050,19299795,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Bloody,"from the little bits of gameplay and the trailers i was expecting something like silent hill or resident evil, but after 20 minutes of trying to stealth my way past some random chain saw wielding giant, im insanely frustrated and disappointed.its another one of those practically on rails hide or die corridor games.youtube bait.is hiding in a cabinet supposed to be exciting? its just boring. and why does it cripple you the entire first level? because other wise it could be beaten in 30 seconds flat. thats why.terible third person camera which always seems to be zoomed in on my own backside to the point that i take up the ENTIRE screen and cant see anything going on around me.how is this game so highly rated? you spend  20 minuets hiding  cupboards and if you die you get to hide  in all the same cupboards in the same order again.... THRILLING :/20 minutes into silent hill or resident evil and youve got weapons, compelling motives,  story,  youve explored half the town, and  youve  killed multiple  baddies.  20 minutes into this and youre still limping around breathing  heavily hiding in cupboards :/ with no idea who or what is going on."
,Not Recommended,268050,34750251,Posted: 4 September,all,Miraculate,not nearly as interesting as I anticipated.
,Not Recommended,268050,12488620,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Necron,"ok just started playing and i must say this game is VERY poorly optimized.  wow the fact that this game is 60$ is amazing to me.  the graphics are pretty sub par but thats not too much of an issue in a horror game, which unfortunatly this really isnt.  the facial animations are pretty poor aswell.  you will chuckle at a lot of the cliches that are in the game like the smoking detective in a trenchcoat and why everyone guy wheres a vest (i guess japanese people really think thats cool i guess?) also the blackbars take up about 30% of the screen.  i notice that a lot of people are comparing this to resident evil 5 which i think is pretty legitimate in its texture qualities and animations.  i cant recommend this game to anyone, OH i almost forgot 30FPS??? wut its 2014 wtf is happening to this industry? just buy resident evil 4 or just save your money."
,Not Recommended,268050,12493218,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tempest_Mist,"14th October 2014 - The game is unplayable - The LAG is awful ,the black bars ruin everything. The slow motion along with the LAG made me so sick. DON'T BUY IT!  Look at the games I have -I don't get LAG with any of them.  30fps bad idea, I changed to 60fps still total RUBBISH!UPDATE 1st November 2014 -I managed to get the game to play by using Razer Cortex and reinstalling the game , even started a walkthrough on You Tube , then the update arrived and LAG again , after restarting my PC and Steam 3 times yes it worked again, the bars were gone but still plays like they are there but you can see,except when in stealth mode in certain areas upon moving the camera you are looking through the neck or sleeve of Sebastian's shirt, not great when fighting. So no bars and staying with 30fps it works as long as Razer Cortex is what I use to turn it on. The story is a good one but sorry I bought it for PC and Steam refused to refund me."
,Recommended,268050,12485220,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,P.N.0.3.,"I love it , enough said . It throws you right into the chase of a guy with a chain saw, thinking you're safe once you sneak away from him and he is right behind you. From Bone Tearing Moments like how Shinji Reuses his old work like Example of Resident Evil 1 , Zombie Eating someone which is incorporated here which made me smile. Game runs well fast smooth no problem what so ever. I love every second of it, the atmosphere is ♥♥♥♥ing creepy what a way to set in not just cause it is October but for anytime of the year day ect ect . I would recommend this game to anyone that is into Horror games just in general doesn't have to be a fan of Silent HIll or RE series. For those who dislike Gore then give this game a couple of thoughts, i don't mind the gore at all am just stating that for those that are not into such things. Review few videos give it a few opinions for your self. Game Play wise, its pretty easy , stealthy type game, mechanics like Manhunt/The Last of Us, Resident Evil 4 game style. Enemies are not mercyful lols they don't give a ***** they just straight up kill you. Anyways Enjoy the game hope people will love this as much as i do, so far so good with the community and i can understand not many like this game thats okay , there are many games out there to enjoy."
76561198114489282,Not Recommended,268050,12684421,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ace124664,it is slow and has ton of lag i was happy when i say it but when i played it it was♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,268050,12491164,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Papi Murdoc,"Same as most people, having problems with the graphics. My computer is way over the recommended stats and yet the game lags and the framerate is impossible to play with. Ive seen some trailers and gameplay, and I was really looking forward to this, as it is actually a really well designed game. But until the gameplay is fixed and the game can be played smoothly, I don't recommend buying it.On that note, does anyone know about any upcoming updates or so that might fix this?"
76561198065782394,Recommended,268050,12604065,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,sL1ck ♨,"Horror,Darkness,Murder,Mystery,and the Supernatural ....I see this when I first played this game,Shinji Mikami who are behind the success of Resident Evil games make this game good, gameplay offered reminiscent of resident evil game,collect items,upgrade skills,weapons,inventory,very nice.problem in this game is,the graphics, they lock the framerate at 30 and a black border on the screen is very disturbing, reduces comfort when playing this game,I found the debug code to unlock framerate locked so that it can reach 60 fps, and can eliminate the boundary line black,so that it can make a full screen view, but after using the debug code I see I can not get the steam achievements for using the debug code,owh come on bathesda ...pros+ Good gameplay+ Good story (horror, mystery, supernatural)cons- Graphic as in the console version for me...- Lock the framerate at 30, a black border which makes it less convenient for me- Debug code to unlock the framerate and eliminate the black border, which can make us not get steam acchievements(7.5 - 10)Recommendationwait while the game is to get a discount, when you want to buy this game..GBU all.."
76561198168862646,Not Recommended,268050,24295426,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,twoodjr,This game is horrible it's passable on easy to medium but is a complete ocd perfectionist piece of crap when played on nightmare mode which it is mean't to be played on due to the game being full of 1 hit kills even on easy mode if you make poor choices on upgrades it doesn't simply make the game harder it becomes unplayable as I learned on chapter 5 all you can do is delete your game. The dlc are all crap and mourge locker loot is random didn't get any xp from them? to bad your game is now over!
76561197976877178,Not Recommended,268050,28878485,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Final Boss,game looked alright until i wanted to change controls and that whole menu is a disaster. poor ergonomics= delete
76561198032798407,Recommended,268050,12786559,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Panjawat,Evil within-นานๆจะได้สัมผัสเกมแนว horror และการเล่นครั้งนี่ก็ไม่ทำให้ผิดหวัง ตัวเกมรู้สึกมีความคล้าย RE4 อยู่มากแต่ยังคงความหลอนที่มากกว่า สภาพแวดล้อม เสียง บรรยากาศ ทำให้คุณรู้สึกเสียวสันหลังทุกครั้งที่เล่น มีความกดดัน การเอาตัวรอด การใช้ไหวพริบ และการประยุกใช้ หน้าไม้ที่มีหลายหัวที่ทำให้มีวิธีฆ่าเหล่าศัตรูที่มากมายได้พริบตา เนื้อเรื่องค่อนข้างสนุกและในตอนจบยังมีการทิ้งท้ายใว้อีกตามเคย ตลอดการเล่นมันจะทำให้คุณถลำลึกลงไปในโลกของเกมที่โหดร้ายมากขึ้นเรื่อย เหล่าบอสที่รู้สึกว่าน้อยไปและง่ายไปนิดทำให้บอสบางตัวที่ดูน่ากลัวกลับกลายเป็นของเล่นไปซะเลย มีการอัพเกรดตัวละครจากการเก็บเจล มีโหมด new game+ มีการปลดล็อคอาวุญลับหากเล่นจบเกม เป็นอีกเกมที่คอสยองขวัญไม่ควรพลาด
,Recommended,268050,13490527,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,killzone12,this game is really great
,Recommended,268050,12617168,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Spoopyj42,I have yet to finish but am very pleased with the horror and combat of the game. I dont think it should have been rated less than euro truck simulator I mean come on people.
,Not Recommended,268050,33290030,Posted: 5 July,all,Burillo,"This feels like the worst parts of Outlast and Silent Hill made a baby with a down syndrom. Combat system is awkward on purpose (you're not supposed to engage in it unless absolutely necessary), but the stealth system sucks (and is further ruined by bad camera angles), so when the game throws enormous amounts of enemies at you, it's entirely frustrating. I'm sorry, but if i can figure out X3: Reunion and easily beat similar games, yet can't figure out this one within an hour, i'm done. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,268050,34567806,Posted: 28 August,all,nichijew,this is the worst chainsaw massacre zombie mashup ive ever seen!
,Not Recommended,268050,27346602,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sal the turbo manlet,"Controls, even with a pad, kind of killed it for me. Sneaking was a fun addition till you realize you can just sprint around a corner and they forget about you. The protagonists voice acting takes you out of the mood sounds like they got a B movie actor who is also a waiter at olive garden to do his voice after a long shift.I liked RE4 a lot but with this game I had to try and convince myself oh hey this is fun. Play the demo and THEN try the game so you get the most before your refund time is up."
,Not Recommended,268050,19275561,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Grim Gravy,"I played this game for 3-4 hours.I did not enjoy it at all.Frusrating. Difficult to control character.and worst of all.. THIRD PERSON VIEW. Eff that noise!I wanted to love this game... but you just can't love something this idiotic.Motionsickness? sort of.Controlling: keyboard and mouse. ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.Bugs: nothing stood out, but then i only played for less than 4 hours.Do I recommend it? Absolutely not."
,Not Recommended,268050,31135417,Posted: 14 April,all,F4c4,"This is a great game for survival horror fans, especially for fans of the Resident Evil series.However, don't buy it on pc, it has serious performance issues (at least with some modern Nvidia graphics cards) which up to now haven't had an update or patch to fix. Enjoy it on a console for less headache."
76561197974729697,Not Recommended,268050,14822046,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,sander538,Game sucks
,Not Recommended,268050,25168636,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[easy]g,Very annoying known bug that prevents scrolling content in game.
76561198319654614,Not Recommended,268050,24444403,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,boggy_boy23,"I bought this Game 4 days ago ..and after installation it shoz me an error ""The Evil Within Has Sttoped Working"" . What can i do?? THANK You for response"
,Not Recommended,268050,23869620,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Elektro Fox,"If you are easily made motion sick, take caution here. There is a camera wobble that can not be turned off, the FOV is stuck now (the fixes are all broken) and the framerate, though possible to set to 60, is still kinda off. I can't talk about the quality of the game, I had to refund because of the sickening camera."
76561198014834130,Not Recommended,268050,19378379,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,anarchaic,Garbage.  They should be sued for breach of contract.
76561198378659122,Recommended,268050,32404704,Posted: 13 June,all,Tamim_Almajed,Done
,Recommended,268050,12628151,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,UG Koolaidria,"This is game brings together horror and survival into one, which other games have also done in the past but this puts a gorey kind of twist on it. One thing I like is that you never know whats going to happen next. I would definetly recommend this game to anybody who enjoys horror games."
,Recommended,268050,12631016,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Emmys,"Never experienced any bugs that other players have complained about. Atmospheric, fun, and even though I'm a hardcore horror fan, it managed to give a couple good creep outs. I'm also sort of a 'story detective' - you know, your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ friend who jokingly figures out the end of 90% of the games/movies/books you're both trying to enjoy? And this one has led me astray quite a few times, which just drives me to find the collectible stuff more.Anyways, 8/10, definitely. I hope there is some decent DLC for this - because I fear between how recently this and The Last Of Us has come out, it may be a fair few more months before I get another game I'll enjoy as much. (Not counting alphas and etc.)Also, if you like Silent Hill, you should give this a try. It borrows a lot from there while twisting it with some good ole' Resident Evil influence + modern horror gameplay that still feels slower than things like Resident Evil 5. It's very important to know where you are and your surrondings in this game, as your melee isn't some all encompassing escape move, and if you're backed into a corner without a solution besides trying to run through, you may be in trouble."
,Recommended,268050,12626869,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,avidlinuxuser,"Performance:Don't be off-put by these terrible system requirements. They are way off as far as the GPU goes. You can play the game at 4K with no performance hit vs 1080 so any performance issues are definitely CPU related (appears to be poor load balancing on cores).  Max VRAM usage is < 3GB even at 4k.You will need a processor with excellent single core performance. As mentioned above, there is poor cpu load balancing. Therefore, a newer core processor, an OC'd core i5, or  a older core i7 with HT is recommended for smooth framerate if you want to play at 60 FPS.Gameplay:There are a few cheap sections of the game. It also doesn't maintain the horror factor throughout the game. However, if you loved RE4, you will love this game. Id suggest locking the framerate if possible (60 FPS recommended if you can do it). The combat feels smooth. The controls (kb + m or controller) function extremely well. Ammo is limited through the first run so it does force you to be a bit more strategic while playing.Story:Imagine some of the more wacky Silent Hill storylines and turn it up a notch. The game does get off the wall crazy in its narrative so don't expect anything grounded. However, it's entertaining. Also, don't expect anything fully conclusive as the season pass obviously hints that this game is not the closing of the franchise (hopefully)."
,Recommended,268050,12627167,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,yesdrama,"Great, don't listen to neg. reviews - complete BS.  Next Gen RE, if you like RE or survival games - you will love it.  IMO a classic, really enjoyed playing."
,Recommended,268050,12634727,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Yiff Meister,"This game is amazing you most certainly get that resident evil/ silent hill feel as you're playing. I'm very hard to please when it comes to survival horrors and the people who did both game series never fail to deliver. This game by Bethesda Softworks another one of my favorites incorporates stealth, wit, and tactics in order to allow you to feel that full immersion of horror and dread. You never know what lurks around the next corner and even if you do you're terrified sheerly by the atmosphere. Even your moments of reprieve have you on edge of what might come next. If you love Horror games and especially that sense of dread from something as simple as opening a door get this game."
,Recommended,268050,12631311,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Greggles,"Pick it up during the sale. Pay no more than £20.The fixes for the terrible port quality is out there (Flawless Widescreen is the best one i've found)I have to give this game a 6/10 though. It starts off strong gameplay wise, but the story and the action lost my interest within 4 hours. Its Resi 6's Leons campain. This game doesn't explain itself very well, there are key ponits that you can pick up on by reading the in-game memos though. If they spent the time to clean up the story and not recycle EVERY enemy you encounter var bosses, this would still only be a 7/10.+ Step in the right direction for Survival Horror+ Good new game+ options (new guns and difficulty)+ Good mechanics overall (Controlls and Gunplay)- HOLY JESUS THE PORT QUALITY- Story is all over the place, only make sense if you read all the pick ups, but even then...- No sense of 'winning' You use the same tools for all ~10 hours gameplay without any real variation.- Forces action ALOT"
76561198056526739,Not Recommended,268050,33775615,Posted: 24 July,all,[IWDS]Darthy|RSA,"Awesome gameconcept. Would rate this game good if it wasnt for this totally stupid, useless FoV and Aspect Ratio. Why would someone ruin a good game with those modifications, the dumbest decision ever. Stopped playing it after a while cause these problems make it an unpleasant and annoying experience."
76561197988139300,Recommended,268050,32241938,Posted: 7 June,all,Morgan Freefarm,Story line is a little “odd” but the gameplay is solid and has re-playability….TOP TIP: Don’t suffer like the console peasants! Use Flawless widescreen to change the FoV!(https://www.flawlesswidescreen.org/)
76561198058156360,Recommended,268050,32244826,Posted: 7 June,all,saudalthani88,Good Video Game
76561198059929035,Recommended,268050,19953261,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Scaramanga,yes
,Not Recommended,268050,13968948,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Bullett00th,"If I had to give this review a title, I'd call it Opportunity Lost.The Evil Within struggles very hard to be a true successor to Resident Evil 4. It builds upon RE4's basis and improves it with an almost Silent Hill-esque insanity setting, a little bit of the new horror era features and everything Mikami wanted to put into RE4 but couldn't for whatever reasons.And I tried really, really hard to appreciate it for what it is or, at the very least, for what it tries to be. However the game ends up blatantly mimmicking other projects and failing to recreate their features in a satisfying way - be they features from fellow horror games,, simple monster shooters or Mikami's own creations. I still don't understand why.The starting chapter introduces you to what looks like a genuinely creepy and thrilling setting, but as a fan of Outlast I couldn't help but notice the fact that I've done it all before. All of it. Imagining the rest of the game would be like Outlast with weapons, I move on only to realize how misinformative the intro sequence is.As the adventure went on, I noticed familiar elements from RE4 in terms of gameplay, Alan Wake in terms of atmosphere (at least in the forest) and The Last of Us in terms of controls, don't ask why.Point is, the game constantly feels like it's trying to be its own thing while being something else, and ends up being much less than the sum of its parts. The chaotic story and the seemingly brain numb protagonist don't help. Sure, RE characters were cheesy as hell, but for some reason you cared about them. Detective Drunken Voice from EW on the other hand - not so much. I almost felt liberated at one point when I got killed, as if giving me a justification to stop playing.Keep in mind that I've only played for 3 hours and there's still a lot to this game, but even throughout these 3 hours I got bored a lot. It's not scary. It may be a good atmospheric adventure with monsters though, if you're into that sort of thing.I wouldn't say it's a blatantly bad game, because on paper it isn't. I'd even go as far as saying you should try it. Just know what to expect from it and be prepared to be bored if you were expecting psychological horror and not a lot of blood and guts.Otherwise I'd recommend you to stay away from it and treat yourself to a nice big Jill Sandwich in the RE1 remake."
76561198145798097,Recommended,268050,23500794,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,scarydream666,scarygame
76561198073908145,Recommended,268050,23493324,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Benzin,I♥♥♥♥♥♥MY PANTS TWICE!
76561198036185295,Not Recommended,268050,12635320,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,draemin85,Lame
76561197986250131,Not Recommended,268050,12489199,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Jelly Rabbit,"Limping and slow controls, awful visuals from somewhere 2005, terrible field of view that makes you feel sick literally, borring and lame gameplay. I recommend to spend your money on something else instead of this wierd, in bad meaning, creation of  Shinji Mikami."
,Recommended,268050,12519848,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Drag0n,"Are you tired of horror games being ""wait in a locker for a guy to pass"" snoozefests? Look no further; The Evil Within takes horror games back to the high standard of RE4, and even improves on it in many ways.The gameplay is pretty standard stuff, but with some great innovations. For starters, enemies have ALOT of health; and will typically required to be burned via a limited number of matches you carry to finish off. This leads to alot of tactics, as you can burn multiple enemies if they are all down by eachother. Another cool twist is the 'crit"" chance, which gives every headshot a chance to proc  'crit"" resulting in a super juicy head explosion. This is INCREDIBLY satisfying not only because of the fantastic audio visual feedback, but having a super tough enemy die from a single, random headshot in a potentially life threatening situation feels like the epitome of survival horror.Another key twist is the bolt crafting. Very early on you will find a ""Agony bow"" that can fire many different types of bolts from standard to rediclous; harpoons, explosive bolts, even ice bolts, which can all be crafted on the fly with parts you accumulate from disarming traps. It adds a whole layer of strategy; do you disarm a bomb to craft an arrow, or leave the trap to shoot when an enemy goes by?Stealth is also a viable option in most cases. Bottles can be thrown for a distraction ,and sneaking up on an enemy will allow you an instant kill headstab. It just really adds a great feeling of survival; A typical scenario being ""ok theres a bunch of guys up ahead, how many can I sneak kill to save ammo?"" getting spotted of course isnt game over, but will surely cost you some ammo. Hiding in lockers and under beds is also an option.. but honestly seems a shoo in to appeal to the more gimmicky horror games of late.The story is a trip, but not one id honestly say is a highlight. Most of it is just mindtrip nonsense (intentionally) and when it does start to make some sort of sense its very late in the game, and by that time its just kind of like ""oh"". All thats really important to know about the story is that Its going to be mindf*ck nonsense which honestly is just an excuse to put you in the scariest places in-humanely possible.The graphics look nice... but dated, and it unfortunetly has a myriad of strange technical issues; Id summarize the graphic performance as ""rough"". The aspect ratio can be adjusted and the framerate cap removed, but I found messing with the aspect ratio bugged some things out (blood on screen effects will stick to default aspect ratio bounds). Besides the blunders it does have some very nice lighting, and the best use of film grain ive ever seen in a game.The overal aestetic however is great, and truly calls to horror game's finest. Plenty of rusty enviorments harkening to Silent Hill, deserted subways and towns, even a bizzare medieval castle/dungeon. Even with how dark most of them are they all stand out and feel distinct.The audio is fantastic; from the screaming of the zombies burning to a toast to the haunting melody of the safehouse, there really isnt anything bad to say about it. (Extra points for the super satisfying sounding headshots!)Overall, Id say the Evil Within is a worthy Shinji Mikami game, and a true marriage of classic survival horror games that ironically ""breaks the mold"" of horror games being made these days. Try to brace the somewhat shoddy visual and technical issues and you will not be dissapointed.Story 6/10Graphics 6/10Audio 9/10Gameplay 8/10Overall 7/10"
76561198056802869,Recommended,268050,12486877,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,TGGamesmaster,"No issues I've encounted so far, the only thing I wish could remove is the letterboxing but you get used to it after a while, the game DOES have 1920 x 1080p setting which some people have claimed they can't access.From what I've played so far it's very enjoyable and tense to play, would reccomend."
76561198017549590,Not Recommended,268050,12692450,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Maskov,"I have a 32 & 40inch LED connected to my PC. Therefore I have primary and secondary display but this game choose to only displayed on my secondary display. Secondly, when I set the game to full screen 1920x1080, the game displayed is much larger than my LED's resolution. So the game stretched to my primary display.I search in the web for solution but nothing. I gave up on this game."
,Recommended,268050,12492352,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,OUCH!,really enjoying it.
76561198040811841,Not Recommended,268050,12494493,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,kungfuu,Typical Resident Evil crap with your character taking up half of the screen.  It could be scary but i cant tell because all i can see is my guys back.  Currently trying to get a refund because it keeps crashing as well.  First review and i have almost 60 games from steam.  Dont waste your money.
,Recommended,268050,12491948,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,AmericanRetro,"This game looks great, here is some game playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzHitREBAiY&list=UUgU4swTtblGNiFHXGYIvhpQ"
,Recommended,268050,12493953,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Milky Lemon,Right now it's ♥♥♥♥ed beyond ♥♥♥♥ing... let's wait.
,Not Recommended,268050,12791922,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Sifumgb,"This game is right up there for game of the year 2007! I mean the design, gameplay and graphics are second to none.  The first thing graphically I found appealing was the way the hair moved around at the same time as the characters turn their heads...amazing! The simulated hairspray with it all being clumpy and shiny is great.The collision detection and animations are clearly a step up from the PS2 era, unfortunately the clunky controls are not. There is no precision as far as  controlling the main character and often it feels like you're playing with a four-way joystick.The level design and layout is reminiscent of many games in the last few years or so (2001-2006!), but don't let that put you off because the AI is also of the same calibur and the same kind of fustrating experience is there to be had!This is one of the highest moments of 2007 for me and I'm really glad I bought this game at FULL PRICE and didn't WAIT FOR A SALE or something...Who knows what we can look forward to in 2014!!! Hang on a minute...EDIT:I have been trying to play this game only because I paid for it and can't get rid of it to get some money back. If I had it on a new console, which I don't own by the way, it would be back on a second hand shelf as soon as I left the house again! If you do own a console look for discs laying around outside where people have thrown them out the window in fustration and get a copy for free!It truly is a terrible, terrible game.It's a dire experience provided by the same methods of a decade ago at attempting to create horror and suspense in a game when that was all the technology could handle at that time.The most evil thing about this game is the fact they ask money for it and a full triple AAA price at that!EDIT 2:10 minutes it took today...trying to do the chainsaw guy again...felt like hurling my pc out in the street. I will be unistalling this asap before I do some damage!"
,Recommended,268050,12485223,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Crying Buddha,"If you aren't upset that the fps is capped, or that it iss in a wierd aspect ratio with black bars. Then the Evil within offers up a very enjoyable, atmospheric, survival horror game. The story so far dosen't make sense, and I don't expect it to. The Evil Within is slightly influenced by the movie jakob's ladder, a movie in which you don't really know what is going on until the end. This game's atmosphere is phenomenal and the gunplay makes it even better. The scares are mild, and bosses are a plenty and I am only 5 hours into the game.If you are upset that the fps is capped or that it is in a wierd aspect ratio,  I understand your plight, but even with those problems I can say that I am thoroughly enjoying The Evil Within despite the ""technical problems"".My PC isGeforece GTX 780AMD phenom II x6 1090T16gb RamWindows 8.1 Pro*It says I have only been playing for 5 or so minutes but I am on Chapter 7 about 5 hours in."
,Recommended,268050,12486029,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Awakeland,love the game but it wont let me upload my screen shots win im done tho plus it frozzed on me so i had to play it sec time then it started working for me an it seemed a lil slow tho but love the game thx u ^_^ $80 well spent
,Not Recommended,268050,12505161,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,cjshreds55,"I have an Alienware 17 with a Geforce 770m graphics card and plenty of unused space on my computer. And yet, i couldnt even get past the first 5 minutes the game was so choppy and the framerate was awful like 10fps not even. Something is very wrong here. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,268050,12694093,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Chev,"For a game that makes stealth such an integral part of the game, the stealth gameplay is unforgivably bad. Play Evil Within if your idea of a fun time is crouching in a corner so you can stab someone in the skull after they've turned away from you on their next lap around a room, and then doing that over and over and over again for hours.The actual horror elements are pretty lackluster. Zombies and barbed wire, over and over again, with very little variation. Occasionally you get an interesting setpiece room but I hope you're prepared to walk around sparsely decorated wooden villages for most of it.Just skip it. Maybe pick it up if you can get it for five to ten dollars."
,Recommended,268050,12495339,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mr.PyroMitch,it's really greatNot as scary as i wanted to to be but still really great ammo is a pain to find as promisseddespite what everybody complains about it being a bad port i thought it was pretty goodcontrols were solid the aspect ratio added a cinmatic feel to ittrue the enemy AI is pretty stupid BUT that's something i can live withGreat game!Would Buy Again!
76561197995222493,Recommended,268050,12493434,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,[AKn] Tenva,"3 hours in and so far I'm really enjoying the game (will update review as appropriate)Really dark and creepy atmosphere, with some pretty gruesome violence. Gameplay mechanics are reminiscent of resident evil 4, with more limited ammunition and an added stealth system reminiscent of games like Amnesia and Outlast. Also love the ability to utilise traps against your enemies, or dismantle them for parts. So far the only thing that feels missing are the puzzles, so I hope there are some later on (I have read that there are).Strongest chapter so far was probably the second, which had a very dark, ominous feel about it and required some stealth and creative trap use due to very limited ammunition!I guess my only disappointment so far is that a little part of me was hoping for an experience akin to the very early Resident Evil games, with non-linear exploration, puzzle solving etc. Possibly this is still to come but I somehow doubt it (maybe one day!) Nevertheless, my experience has been very positive so far.As for the quality of the port, as far as I'm concerned its absolutely fine. As someone who has only recently upgraded to a modern gaming pc, the locked fps is really no big deal, and the black bars on the screen add to the cinematic effect. It looks and plays exactly like the console versions, and I really don't expect or desire anything more."
76561197989919655,Not Recommended,268050,12499885,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,mertalo,"Глупая игра с калейдоскопом безсвязных уровней. Совсем не страшно и очень быстро надоедает. Не самое удобное управление, так себе картинка и кривая камера. Одним словом проходняк."
,Not Recommended,268050,12756473,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Shnackemz,I want my Money back. This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,268050,26396206,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Legion,great game . its like your playing a horror movie
76561198016426909,Not Recommended,268050,29103580,Posted: 7 January,all,RedBull21=VX9=,This game runs like crap. Dont bother!!!!
76561198106374828,Recommended,268050,12639981,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,「DAYS of DASH」,"This game also good Same RE4 . make me feel excited always to play this game .mixer horror,action.and puzzle in game .But.......Badthing : has half screen when you in game is not fullscreeen :( and normal grapfhic.  (if you like horror  game don't forgot this game)"
,Not Recommended,268050,12801060,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TheGeeNee,"Just finished this game. The story is confusing and I didn't get the ending of it. Also, not a horror game!"
,Recommended,268050,12494007,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,NastyBoi,"If there was an inbetween for the recommendation, that's where my vote would be. The game started out great, amazing atmosphere, stressful & panicky enviroments and, even tohugh the game only runs at 30 fps, a overall smooth running game.Then I got past Chapter 1 & this started to go downhill.- The aiming in this game is terrible, although ammo is scared you are bound to miss your shots a LOT because they seem to pass through enemies. I understand that the game ha sjust been released and there ar ebound to be bugs but considering the fact you die afte rbeing hit twice makes the game very frustrating.- There is also an issue with the movement, Sebastian runs out of stamina FAR too quickly, he's basically passing out after 2/3 seconds of sprinting leaving you totally open to attack. The worst part of his movement is the fact he stops on you when the game decides to take control of your movements at certain points in the game to show you something completely pointless which usually ends up getting you killed because it won't let you move in time.- Then the Story... Oh the Story... I'm on Chapter 7 and NOTHING has made an ounce of sense to me yet. You could move onto the next chapter and go on to something that follows up from the previous chapter one minute then the next chapter you will be in a completely different area, doing something completely different which throws you so much to the point where you just dont care and carry on... Maybe it will all make sense at the end but right now I haven't got a clue.- Oh, did I mention that this game is the biggest troll ever? If you decide to get it for yourself, look forward to the point in the game that involves a pair of glasses & I guarantee you will want to tear you're own eyeballs out because of how utterly pointless it is. Thats just one example, there are more... Many more...- The recommendations for PC specs to run this game confuse me considering the graphics aren't all that great, although it's not really an issue to me personally. The Character models look amazing especially the monsters, but the enviroments aren't the best even with the settings maxed out (Kinda like a late 360/PS3 game's textures). A lot of poeple have complained about the massive black bars above & below the screen. I'll admit it's not really an issue to me but it should be an option, you should be able to turn the ""Cinematic"" view off to play in full frame if you so desire.- The final thing I will say about this game, which I think was a BIG mistake, was making this a 30fps game. We all know it, it runs great at the beginning when the game is a nice slow-pace... Then the game goes all Michael Bay and ditches the horror aspect for the later Resident Evil style action & the games fixed fps really takes a hit and looks really janky in some areas. This NEEDS to be fixed.- The only thing so far this game has lived up to prior to it's release is the fact that there is barely any ammo. You'd think this would make the game worse considering the fact this game proves to be EXTREMELY hard even at normal difficulty, which i think would be the case even if the game did throw ammo at you. This is the only reason why this game is getting a reccomendation. Behind all the faults in this game this final aspect seemingly forces you to adopt a new style of play, even during some of the boss battles you aare left with absolutely nothing and you will have to find other ways of defeating them. It'll take some time and like I say you WILL die a lot in this game I guarantee it, it's all trial and error with this game.- The game has it's scary moments, especially with a certain enemy which freaks me out so much that it almost cased me to turn the game off because i couldn't handle it... Until I died about 15 times and all that was left wa frustration and anger. Also the sound in this game is fantastic, some of the best i've heard (You MUST play this game with headphones on and the volume turned up to fully apreciate the sound design).Would I have bought this game knowing all these facts? Probably, i'm a sucker for any type of horror game even if they are terrible (Not saying this one is... Entirely...) Would I recommend it? If you like a challenge, a REAL challenge then yes go for it. If you wanted a slow-paced terrifying horror game like we were promised then no, it's not worth it.Overall I'd give this game a low 6/10, the stragedy needed in this game  becaue of the low ammo aspect is the only thing that brings the score up for me. If not for that it would of gotten a 4 or a 5..."
,Recommended,268050,12495773,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,zuppaclub,"edit:OK I'm already finished it.my opinion is simple: I'm glad that I'm pre-ordered it and playing it. it is superb. I love every boss battle, and after completion we got weapons and stuff and new game+ just like RE series. bazooka, yummy.so I give 9/10can't wait to play as kidman on future DLC, because there is some mistery left.---------------------------------------------my first impression after playing for a while are:1. oh my, there is no texture pop up o_O unlike other games that's using ID tech 5.2. I love the atmosphere3. I hate mouse movement in menu, but I do love mouse movement / camera movement when playing4. it's a shame that this game doesn't support downsampling / DSR feature, I hope the dev make support for this feature in next patch.5. I do love if the dev also fix / remove that blackbar, my monitor is widescreen 16:9, it make the game view so small beacuse of that blackbar6. I'm glad that there is a option to turn off film grain, useless feature I think.7. gameplay wise I think it's epic8. I don't have any technical issue (crash for example) for now9. steady 30 fps max setting 1920 x 1080 pixel, when I unlock 60 fps the camera movement become weird, lol. so I stick with 30 fps10. so far so good. so I choose recommend this game."
76561198070267492,Recommended,268050,12606001,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,8-Bit Sunset,"What an underappreciated gem! Fantasic game from the godfather of horror! Biohazard 4 is my all time favorite game so the bar was set pretty high. Not sure if Psycho Break is at the same level as I am not finished with it yet, but I can a;ready tell this is gonna be one hell of a ride!"
76561198031843303,Not Recommended,268050,12571440,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,RAF,"will not play on my second monitor, game is not full screen, black bars top and bottom, mediocre gameplayall in all a total rip-off, not worth the money"
76561198008962511,Not Recommended,268050,12714843,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,MaadDaawg,"THIS GAME IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY.  The graphics in 30fps don't even measure up to 1995 quality, and at 60fps they remain poor.  Hexen was a lot scarier than this and it was out 15-20 years ago!  Lousy atmospheric graphics and movement is jerky regardless of which fps you choose.  The splash screnes they show to sell the game are 100% better graphic rendering than what they give you in the game.  I rate this ZERO out of 10"
76561198058672268,Not Recommended,268050,24815351,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Your Favorite Porn,Why play this when you could just play Resident Evil 4?
,Recommended,268050,12700180,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,mike 1848,My favorite horry game hands down.
76561198069657430,Not Recommended,268050,14121000,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,dplegend159,What a poor excuse for a game   your character can't run      you have a health bar but since 90% of everything is a one hit kill  there is no point to it    there is almost no ammo  in the entire game   and very unresponsive gameplay   and the story is so confusing at times    and the caharacter is a mystery all the way to the point that ive gotten to   aside from graphics  this game isn't worth the disk it is written on     when you take on the leatherface reject   AGAIN   yes   killing him once is not enough     unloading every  shotgun shell hand gun  harpoon  granade fire barell sniper rifle and  sneak up assassination  and the guy doesn't even notice         this was a waste of money     im severly dissaponted in the developers   the system requiremets listed is a bunch of bs      my processor is not a i7  and i played it maxed out on a GTX570 in 1080p     video games are for everyones entertainment    so stop♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off with this bs
,Not Recommended,268050,34576900,Posted: 29 August,all,PaladinLepa,"First impressions: Horrible at PC-first the game is capped at 30fps, that can luckily be upped to 60-does not support 16:9 screen ratio, black bars-camera is really clunky, while some of it can be forgiven for the sake of horror, not all-game is very dark, even with high brightness you really cant see much, escepially with the broken scaling, i understand that horror relies on darkness, but even under ""bright"" lamps you cant really see your character fully, that becomes a problem.Would definetly not recommed for anyone on PC"
76561197998554720,Not Recommended,268050,15930695,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,TheSen,"Although it has a good feel, very dark and creepy, the story is not that great and the situations and motivations are ludicrous most of the time. On top of everything, the port to PC has been terribly done and it constantly stutters making it impossible to play and replacing tension with frustration. I can play Shadow of Mordor and others full quality with a decent frame rate but not Evil Within even with minimum settings. Not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,268050,33890637,Posted: 29 July,all,[THT]FASCIITIS,"it's  a really good concept  but the execution was beyond awfulthe cutscenes and animations are basically gameplay breaking, unbelivably slow paced and non-intuitiveI've been stuck on chapter seven forever now- no quicksave, of course it relies on a 'checkpoint' systemthe checkpoint system takes ya back waay to the beginning of each 'checkpoint'- and again, the cutscenes are completely non-interruptable. I end up doing the same damn thing twenty times in a row being mostly stuck watching the scene, and objects aren't interactable until the game lets you.example; you'r gonna need a valve handle in like 3 minutes, but you have to run past it every time [it's non-interactable until you turn two more valves in the other room], watch the cutscenes, and then finally go back and grab it. It's almost obscene.instead of drama and horror I got an obnoxious irritance.oh & not only the fact that the cutscenes aren't interruptable, you can't even get a goddamn pause menu while you're watching them. It was so awful I'm impressed I got to chapter seven.I do not reccomend this title to anyone."
,Recommended,268050,12665699,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,FuckFace McGee (CrownedMazer),"I have played this game on the ps4 at a friend's house and I must say its really fun so far!  I cant seem to point my finger on it, but its a whole new level of complexity with the bosses and puzzles you have to solve.The only thing I'm dissappointed in is the pc version's main menus dont show up, and the fps is wonky to where everything is delayed and slow.  I think the companies should have tweaked that out before releasing it to the pc at least.  Understandable to have a few bugs here and there in newly released games, but those are only two of some of the main factors that make a game playable at the very least.EDIT: 2/1/2015: They have fixed the main menu issue, and turns out the delays are on my end, definately need a better graphics card for this game.  So if you've got a good graphics card that meets this game's requirements I highly recommend this game, one of the best I've played so far!"
76561198062610887,Recommended,268050,14728992,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Колючий,хорошая игра НО!!! с оптимизацией вы облажались!
76561198314401255,Not Recommended,268050,34799865,Posted: 7 September,all,Zemsnortscandy,"I made it to chapter 3 and the audio began to mess up and it was killing my ears. Loud static noise and its not my headset becuase i tried different games and checked the cables and everything was fine. waste of money, at least on pc version."
76561198217223472,Not Recommended,268050,28146244,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Im'a Ghost!,You can't walk. They give you an option to change keybindings but it bugs out with the walk option.At 60fps it stutters like its running at 30fps.Just no.
76561198002417449,Not Recommended,268050,27187782,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,some white guy,"You should spend your money on something else. This is not a horror game despite the claims. This, I would say in all fairness, is a ""Resident Evil"" game with a different title. If you are looking for horror and survival, ""Alien: Isolation"" is the only one so far who really, really delivers."
76561198039880734,Recommended,268050,12715434,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hemo Goblin,Do not play without spook warnings
76561198132135433,Recommended,268050,13110423,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Louise Belcher from Bob'sBurgers,"This really shows how much Shinji Mikami cares about his loyal fans, and customers! This is one AAA title that actually WORKS now. Granted, unless you built your PC yourself, you need at least a grand in your rig to run this game. Easy. I love how you can get rid of the, ""letterbox"" feature now, it was a thing to simulate the feeling of, ""widescreen"" back a LONG time ago, before widescreen T.V.s. Personally, I believe he is one developer, Mr. Mikami, that may TURN THE GAMING INDUSTRY AROUND! Look how many triple A titles are DESTROYED on PC, yet this one now runs like an inconceivable god send. This game now works, at least on my rig, and it is reminiscent of the hours I put into Resident Evil 4. If you have a decent rig, by all means purchase this game, is it perfect? HELL NO! But support games like this! Not cod! The story is a little convoluted at times, but it is a nice little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tease until HE COMES BACK WITH SILENT HILLS! I CANNOT wait! Lets just hope this signals the return of the, ""Father of horror"". This game is not perfect, but it is beter than your run of the mill garbage, that they FORCE FEED us now. Look at ubisoft. FarCry 4 would be great, if they actually WORKED OUT THE BUGS! But the PC version, I heard it is SHOT! This is one PC version port, JUST AS GOOD as the console version. I rather enjoyed my half hour thus far, and will SURELY play more. As far as PC and consoles, and which one is better. Play what you love, I have four systems myself. Great game, Far from perfect, but no wasted cash here. 8/10 at least, let's hope the DLC improves this. I think the graphics, textures, and ambiance is why this is a must buy! (Sorry about spelling errors, if I made one, I am busy)"
,Not Recommended,268050,19911555,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Coytotogrenadelulu,"This game is worthless, in terms of controls and story lines.Been playing 120 mins and now i want to uninstall it."
76561198391200199,Recommended,268050,32310068,Posted: 9 June,all,挂机的小白,I like it
76561197998959904,Recommended,268050,12621104,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Couque D' Asses,"The Good:I had fun playing this, after Resident Evil 6...I could use some actual fun playing a survival horror game...Visually it is pretty awesome - the environments are gorey, makes you feel uneasy, and pretty good visual story telling...-I enjoyed parts of the story - how they linked some of the bosses together to be related and have a past-Best part about the boss fights...they are memorable...I have played countless games where afterwards I remember at -least 20% of the same old hallways same old enemies...The environments were distinct-Ammo is a rarity (FINALLY SOMEONE GETS IT) I have found just the right amount of ammo to survive-Good amount of enemy variety-Some parts were actually quite scary and caught me by surprise - but mostly not scaryThe Bad --OMG ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC port...cmon guys wth is it locking the frame rate at 30FPS and worst of all aspect ratio...BLACK BARS!!!-The camera 50% of the time was always in some awkward position - TOO CLOSE-At times awkardly controlled - the main character runs in circles sometimes when I just want him to turn around-A lot of Glitches - in one room there was a trap of spikes through the floor that should have killed me - Instead I got stuck and had to restart-ONE HIT BOSS KILLS...this drove me nuts - especially with the 4 armed chick...I sat there fighting her for a good 20 minutes over and over and over again until I realized you gotta run away...thats bad conveyance...- Crosshair being white makes it hard to see in certain situations- Wouldn't mind if the story wrapped up a bit better like - what was up with his dream at the end? was it real? was it fake? What happened to the Nurse?"
76561197995708429,Recommended,268050,12620530,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,--sordid--,If you like horror  or the early Resident Evils you will enjoy:)
76561198100000384,Not Recommended,268050,12493231,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,LAZYKNIGHT,"Hi i just got this game, I know for i fact I'd like it too if only it didnt play like♥♥♥♥♥♥unplayable on my system which does have the power to run it. its sad a consle would run this better than my highend gaming laptop please fix this so i can play it thanks!"
76561198317826569,Not Recommended,268050,34823041,Posted: 8 September,all,Cpt.Sterben,game is not working
,Not Recommended,268050,22575147,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,PMA,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥within
,Recommended,268050,32230163,Posted: 6 June,all,Cyka McBlyat,I actually reinstalled this game and wrote a review about a week before E32017 where TEW2 was announced.  I had honestly just wanted to replay the game as I hadn't beaten it since it was released on PS4 where I originally played it.
,Not Recommended,268050,25803499,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Yodzilla,"The Evil Within is not a terrible game and there are certainly good parts about it. It's well made, looks fantastic, has great sound, and some genuinely creepy atmosphere. However be warned that this is nowhere near a classic survival horror game. There are levels that invoke this yes but a good 2/3 of the game has you fighting or sneaking through various battle arenas instead of actually exploring environments.Health and resources are indeed scarce but that aspect of the game seems at odds with how action and boss fight heavy the rest of it is. I genuinely enjoyed the weird safe room hub world and the upgrade system but it seems like you can easily screw yourself over investing in the wrong things. Hey cool there's a magnum in this game with its own upgrade path! Oh no I dumped my valuable points into it but there's maybe a dozen rounds of ammunition for it in the entire game. Sorry!By far the worst part of Evil Within are the one-hit kills. They're cheap as hell and absolutely everywhere. I think maybe 40 of my 50 or so deaths were due to getting offed instantly due to a trap, special boss attack, or environmental puzzle. It absolutely sucks and drags the game way, way down.Also if the model viewer is any indication you find maybe a third of the weapons in the game on your first playthrough. Why hide so much behind unlocks and new game plus for game this long and plodding?Lastly I wanted to touch on the story: it's nonsense. Yes I've heard it makes more sense if you play the DLC but I'm sorry, no. There's no sense of place to this game because you're constantly teleported around chapter to chapter. Yes it's on purpose but it doesn't help ground anything that happens. This just happen for the sake of it and I could barely tell you what any of the characters did at the end of the game. Do not play this for plot.If you like the idea of a game controlling like Resident Evil 4 but want something more action heavy then Evil Within is right up your alley. If you're looking for classic survival horror look elsewhere."
76561198032114508,Not Recommended,268050,12493830,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,aftrains,peiceof crap
76561197972288050,Not Recommended,268050,12489091,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,dunkendeklunker,I usually don't write reviews...but in this case I feel like I really have to. The game just runs SO bad and I never experienced a game run like this. I have the following specs:Intel Core i7 4700HQ (2.40GHz)24GB Memory 1TB HDD 256GB SSDNVIDIA GeForce GTX 880M 4GB GDDR5Windows 8.1 64-BitWe should all have our money back. JOKE!
,Not Recommended,268050,12680622,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,[6n]NumbCorns,"The chapter 1 is really bad... The first mission just stopped me from playing this game, I know it's a good game but it's too slow so no from me."
76561198159926172,Recommended,268050,12678624,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,PadyPuffy,This game is f...king awesome
,Not Recommended,268050,12705328,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Brian M. Bosboom,"So Bad That It's Scary________________________________________________________________________________In T.E.W. you will die a lot and this is not because you are a bad player but because the developers did not place enough ammo in the game. You can not use stealth (crouching, pfft) to work through almost any of the game's scenes either. Dying interrupts the video game experience. What's around the next corner? Darn... I died. How will the story develop? Dang, I died again. What creepy area awaits me? Argh, dead again. You get the picture. It's like playing a game on a failing computer that constantly malfunctions and needs to be reset or playing poker with someone who cheats. Quoting a character from ""Aliens"": What are supposed to use? Harsh language?But gameplay is not the only shortcoming of this hype machine. The plot is unoriginal, uninspired, and unsurprising. No narrative is told by the protagnist, who remains mostly silent aside from some dialogue here and there. To learn about him you have to read in-game documents. The ""evil"" you are fighting against is not explained until late in the game, so for a majority of your playthrough you will be wondering 'Why the hell are these guys chasing me? What the hell is happening?', and by the time that is explained you will be so put-off from constantly dying that you won't really care. The characters are cheesy as they come and the only real drive you have to finish the story is to kill the annoying ""rude♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; villain. It is simply insulting that the game's development team claims playing the game on Hard difficulty is the best way to experience it. Arguably, the best way to experience this game is not to experience it at all. Pretend that it's good with your imagination and you may have a good time with T.E.W.The most appalling aspect of this game is the technical power behind it. The id Tech 5 engine is hilariously underutilized. This game would have looked great a year or two ago. Options given for optimizing this title are disgraceful. Worst of all: it simply isn't playable. I have spent hours scouring the internet for answers and all that I have come up with is that for some PCs, for reasons unknown the game just won't run as it should. It worked for me a few months ago using an AMD R9 290X and older AMD drivers, but now that I have upgraded my drivers and use an AMD R9 285 it doesn't work properly. I cannot see either the main menu or any in-game HUD. I suppose playing that way could be thrilling and cinematic, but considering that I died enough WITHOUT a HUD, I cannot imagine playing without one.In marketing this game and hyping it, I would give the developer and publisher a 10/10. As for the game itself, I would have to give it a 6/10. There are some semi-memorable moments during playthrough when you will realize how truly great the game COULD have been. With proper imagination the game's story isn't too bad and the gameplay engine has some solidarity. But the fact that I paid $60 for game that doesn't work is appalling--I was basically robbed by whoever made the thing. As a long-time Resident Evil fan (since RE2) I must say this is a massive let-down from T.E.W.'s creator. I recommend pirating the game and seed-seed-seeding it to avenge people like me who paid $60 for broken software--otherwise just avoid the very thought of this survival-horror crapshoot.________________________________________________________________________________"
,Recommended,268050,12489474,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,iDayat,"finally, i can screaming again"
,Not Recommended,268050,30481440,Posted: 12 March,all,Solid Serpent,Mediocre at best. Play RE4 instead.
,Not Recommended,268050,12718291,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Killerhab,bugs
,Not Recommended,268050,31569314,Posted: 5 May,all,LucasHood,"If you're seeking a horor game for it's ambiance and good looking environnement, graphisms. You're in the right place, but you have to deal with the terribly bad gameplay (wich i will explain down below).If you're here for gameplay, getting achievements, etc... when reaching the 3rd difficulty it's "" go ♥♥♥♥ yourself, ♥♥♥♥♥♥+random controls, random deaths, horrible difficulty going insanely high at some parts of the game wich makes it so much frustrating ( i'm not joking, i tried so hard to get past some parts, even when finishing the game at normal, i knew the strategics to use but it wasn't enought thanks to the ♥♥♥♥ing gameplay. ) I've been playing videogames since i was a kid wich means that i can adapt easily enought at any game but ♥♥♥♥ man, what the hell is this♥♥♥♥♥♥?! . I'l be honest i even watched multiple speedruns and gameplays on this game.In any case i have to say that i couldn't enjoy the game. The first time you play it, you get ♥♥♥♥ed, you just can't enjoy the feeling given by the game except frustration of dying over and over again ( had 62 deaths for normal, around 14 hours of gameplay i think ). The second time you play it at higher difficulty and knowing what to do, you get stupidly ♥♥♥♥ed because of the badly made gameplay. I don't recommend this game, don't waste your money on this."
76561197991736942,Not Recommended,268050,12507992,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Victory Toker..,"well 10 mins in and I can say that this game is total garbage. Giant black bars, 30 Frames per second cap and a charactor that fills the screen. I cannot appreciate the detail and it feels very un immersive. given the hype that this game recieved I expected something at least half decent, the developers have really dropped the ball and I strongly regret buying this and supporting such mediocre game making. I will update this review When the inevitablle patch happens."
76561198065197426,Not Recommended,268050,12488575,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tomato,"Poor optimization, don't buy if you're the 1.5% steam players with 4gb vRAM."
76561198130642489,Not Recommended,268050,32374130,Posted: 12 June,all,Mr.G,"so theres this area with a guy with a chainsaw in the barn and you have to kill him, its in the beginnig and have no meaning so no spoiler, anyways hes surrounded by a lot of zombies which you have to kill. Fair play right? now the problem is it constantly makes a checkpoint after you killed a few zombies, hurray. problem is if you die it doesnt remember the zombies you already killed, but it remembers where you stood and the ammo you used. so now im stuck constantly starting in the middle of a map surrounded and with absolutely no ammo.  really annoying and put off my mood for playing this knowing it would be like this all way throughout the game. dont buy, watch walkthru and buy The evil within 2 if its good."
,Not Recommended,268050,32423458,Posted: 14 June,all,johndavis29209,Pretty bad port. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay. Just couldn't get into it and the technical problems just made things not worth trying.
76561198001971962,Not Recommended,268050,33002513,Posted: 29 June,all,Sero,"filmation wonderful, but gameplay sucks."
,Recommended,268050,12494837,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Darth Sarian,"It shows that I only played about a half hour but I was playing last night when it was released early so that bit wasnt recorded.So far I'm enjoying the game. I think having hardly played the Resident Evil series helped me with that because everything here felt new to me. The controls are clunky as well as the shooting and I feel the game handles much better with a controller. Def. a poor console port. With that said, after unlocking the framerate and removing the black bars from the game, it still didnt handle poorly. I've yet to get a drop in FPS. I'm on an i5-4670k and a GTX 770 Twin Frozr and it runs smoothly on max settings for me, no crashing. Here is the bit that I was able to play last night:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZZ0DOJwyTI&list=UU2RZdMB1z7-PXzA3FGyawNw"
,Recommended,268050,12495256,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,KeviN,"I've been a fan of the original RE series and I've only played this for half an hour and I can already tell this game is going to be an amazing experience. It gives off the atmospheric feeling you get when you play the first Dead Space, but still keeps its own feel. 10/10 (Please notice me kawaii desu IGN-senpai)"
,Recommended,268050,12495831,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Bearsgaming34,people say its bad because it runs 30 fps  but if the got it for any other system besides computer they would have it easy i have it for pc an it runs 60 fps so i dont know how its works on my computer but it works so its fine for me
,Recommended,268050,12495472,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Vanilla Gorilla,"I honestly love this game, but it can be repetative, to those of you who don't enjoy a challange its not for you. I love the game, it reminds me of Skyrim, Resident Evil, and Assasins Creed combined. I did enjoy it alot."
76561197993252190,Not Recommended,268050,12534479,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Silent Assassin,"This is a great game....For the 5 min that it does not crash. I have WAY over the required PC to run this game. I have looked into every option that I have found on Google and Steam to try and fix the problem, but no luck. Dont buy this game."
,Recommended,268050,12486187,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,itspabz,So.It works with i5.Y E S !Amazing game so far. I really recommend this for those who seek a trauma coma...
,Recommended,268050,12485158,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ReOwNeR #Destiny2,"Pros:-Debug Console Commands-can unlock FPS via console command-change aspect ratio to full screen-graphics are pretty good-console command cheats, always fun to use after u beat the game at least onceCons:-When changing aspect ratio to full screen, cuts off the left and right edges of screen (basically zooms in)-when playing default aspect ratio the black borders are really annoying-30 fps lock, have to unlock fps by typing in a console command (i'd rather do it easily as a setting in the menu-game freezes at 2nd intro video (just wait for the program to respond)I'll have to still recommend playing this game although of all the cons i listed. at least just play at 60 or above fps, i recommend leaving the aspect ratio at default.I explain the aspect ratio in this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wShqJr4n1qw"
,Recommended,268050,12681559,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sabo,.
76561197996905471,Not Recommended,268050,12755776,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[Team Burrito] #Hashtag,I want my money back. This game is awful.
76561198062108736,Recommended,268050,32234384,Posted: 7 June,all,Scrappy57,it aight
,Recommended,268050,12486254,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Basto Slice,"I suggest watching it before you buy it!  You can do so here:http://youtu.be/vgNUYyhLE2kI personally love this game so far.  The voice acting is good.  The graphics are amazing.  Probably some of the best out of the box I have seen in a very long time.  The atmosphere is astonishing!  I was scared 5 minutes into gameplay!  I recommend this game to any person looking for some good scares.  If you can look past the 30 fps and black bars, it's amazing.  I don't really worry too much about either of those.  The game is playable regardless.  My ONLY issue, is the mouse sensitivity.  It's way too weird for me.  I will be picking up an actual controller to continue my let's plays of this amazing game.www.youtube.com/bastoslice"
,Not Recommended,268050,21366104,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,The LOVES Series,"It is a pitiful excuse of a game. It's practically just a repacked Resident Evil 4. The story is mediocre at best, characters are random and nonsensical, and the gameplay is super boring."
,Not Recommended,268050,26625128,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Sethorosh,"Truly a terrible game. It looked good. It looked really good. I was excited going into it. After an hour of screwing with it to get it to launch properly, I was finally able to play. Three chapters in I was not having fun and tried to return it. My two hours of actual playtime plus my one hour of trying to get the friggin thing to work = no refund. Thanks steam. Now eleven chapters in I can confidently say it continues to disappoint. Clunky in the worst way possible. As cliche as it could possible get. Uninteresting and sometimes confusing story. Whatever horror this game was supposed to have, it has absolutely none.  Action parts (pretty much the entire game) are not overly fun. Waste of money. Do not get this."
,Not Recommended,268050,18599825,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,The Cooldown,♥♥♥♥♥2/11 ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED
,Not Recommended,268050,32490398,Posted: 16 June,all,Honk Zoinkerboink,"i do not recommend on PC.I love this game and wanted to play it on my pc since its a bad♥♥♥♥♥new custome built pc..well I make it all the way to chapter 8, finish it, save it, start next chapter and boom game crashes and will not load...now i cant finish the game"
76561197972087062,Not Recommended,268050,12520044,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Hariga,"if you're looking for soething scary, this isn't it.  it's Meh on the graphics as well for a 30GB game.  shows how bad the ID5 engine is as well.  it's worth $5 max..Way predictable, s***y AI, no replay value (I bought it knowing that).  a total waste of $$"
76561198139425800,Not Recommended,268050,12506715,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ThomasPsych,"Some one please help me get a refund... I have a great gaming laptop (MSI GE70 Apache Pro) and it'll run every other game just fine. But this one... Nope. Just straight 7 FPS constantly. I've tried lowering and turning off every setting. The only thing that works is to set the display to 640-480 and lets be honest who wants to play on that? I'm pretty sure my brother's 3DS has a better resolution than that. I can be the only one so, I beg you: DONT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,268050,12508893,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Purim,F*** what was that? OMG run
76561198077641540,Not Recommended,268050,12631633,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,r.may96,.
,Not Recommended,268050,32007315,Posted: 27 May,all,the thing is...,I felt like I was playing Resident Evil 4.5. If we need to describe the game in one word would be CLICHE.The things that are;Average;- Story and its presentation- VarietyBelow average;- Gameplay- Characters- Dialogues- Graphics- Atmosphere- Predictability (In a negative sense)If you like Resident Evil and Silent Hill series you should try when it's on sale. Otherwise don't waste your money and time...
76561198034574669,Not Recommended,268050,12533883,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Merku,Don't buy this game.Okay So I preordered this game found out it was gimped to run at 30 FPS. I asked for a Refund prior to both the release and the announcement the game was being released early.Steam waited days until after the release to pull BS to refuse my refund.Played the game at a friend's house on his computer with his permission. His computer is more beast then mine and at max settings.. The game looks like a game cube game. (That is not a compliment.) No seriously how the game plays performs and looks makes it seem like a Resident evil 4 alt version released a month after. It doesn't really stand out more then Resident Evil 4 graphicaly speaking.Gameplay wise. It's alright. Wouldn't call it 60 buck alright. Personally I'd advise waiting until the price drops to around 30 bucks before picking this up.Due to the old gen appearance likely due to the deliberate FPS gimping. And the terrible Steam customer service that insued. I cannot recommend this game.
76561198055966143,Not Recommended,268050,12524536,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Not Kornflake,"I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back.  Game crashes on start up.  I fixed that, now it crashes when interacting w/ items in game.  GG WP♥♥♥♥ you Bethesda,"
76561198067735847,Recommended,268050,12485154,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,fries4hobov2,i really wish i could play this game i installed it way before it was time to play it and then at midnight i launched it only to find out that nvidia kernal driver 340.52 keeps crashing and ive trouble shooted everything so far and all i can do now is uninstall game then reinstall
76561198003083391,Not Recommended,268050,12502167,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Raging_Matrix_,"If your on PC save your money this game is horrible, Graphics  look like crap, the feel of movement is very jerky and clunky.  If you like motion sickness this game is for you. Who ever made this game needs to be out of the game design business wish I had just waited a hour longer and i would still have my $60.00 bucks in my pocket. Wish they had refunds for online games."
,Recommended,268050,12486102,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,"Pretty Good game but overhyped.I am a detective and was abducted by a homicidal maniac with a chainsaw similiar to my profile picture. It was hard to get to the intro. Overhyped  <>7.5/10<> Still Pretty goodYes sir, here is my story:I fell down &  Head was chopped off,I forgot the keys to the door & Torso removed,Woke up at the Hospital,The end.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PITJHfyhwZwOverhyped  <>7.5/10<> Still Pretty good"
,Not Recommended,268050,29492189,Posted: 25 January,all,Revenge,⁢
76561197980565150,Not Recommended,268050,28643023,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr. Mumbles,There's essentially a 'ghost' that  appears out of nowhere and if he touches you then you explode.  I'm supposed to run away 3 times according to a walkthrough. The same ghost touched me in the first cut scene. It could easily appear anywhere/anytime and kill you so why wait till chapter 9 when I can't get a refund?
76561198142477054,Not Recommended,268050,24642747,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Uzi Got Back,"Booooooooring. I'm an hour in and all I've done is sneak and hide. Not very scary, just boring. Frustrating only because walking and hiding in lockers are your only controls... At least the early Resident Evil games let you shoot zombies within the first five minutes..."
76561197960296180,Not Recommended,268050,33085399,Posted: 1 July,all,Nasca....,wont run on my pc no reason it shouldnt but just doesnt
76561198153646114,Recommended,268050,12493536,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,.X.,best horror game since rs evil 4!! been waiting for something like this !
,Recommended,268050,12495010,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Lordaeron,I like it :)
,Not Recommended,268050,25339876,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,KillSwitch,"(Note that I've only played about 30minutes and that's probably all I ever will)I guess if you're not as...finicky as me you might like this game, take this with a grain of salt.It's 'sold' as horror but chapter 1 already ruined that for me with the in your face gore. No, sorry, that's not horror. Not scary, maybe slightly stomach turning if you're trying to eat a steak while playing but that's all.Still, I could deal with that. What I can't deal with is the occasional lag, stuff obstructing my view when my character already passed them, idiotic enemies and plain bad gameplay."
76561198048496863,Not Recommended,268050,28429350,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,codyb_h8s_school,2/10 overallCons:stamina is terribleStory lineaiming is downright ridiculouspuzzles and babysitting other charactersshort gamePros:Graphicsatmospherenot spoon fed tutorials or direction
,Not Recommended,268050,24068115,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Flurdt Vash,"Resident Evil with a sneak mechanic, amazing."
76561198030822403,Not Recommended,268050,13100917,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Meiwow,"The game has performance issues, on top of that, it's not a good game at all. It's not really survival horror, it's just a mediocre action game. Story sucks, characters are not interesting, gameplay is not polished at all, the game just sucks, in short. Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,268050,12489698,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,NightOfTheLivingDave,AMAZING!!!!
,Recommended,268050,12484875,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Solid Snake,I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself 10 times in just the first level. its already more scary than the last 3 resident evil games. The Fear is real. 10/10 would buy again.
76561198013763328,Not Recommended,268050,22821221,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Pavel Hirys,"Absolutely boring and repetitive gameplay. No free save system and a lot of death - because control system is really terrible. Annoying system when you need burn the bodies to completely destroy them.  In addition,  the game has traps, when you enter them, you die immediately. Bravo.Everything you'll do in the game is to move on linear levels and try to kill the enemy moving on the scripted paths.Everything else here is very cheap production plotThis game looks like a ghost from the 90s."
76561198232979232,Not Recommended,268050,30187370,Posted: 25 February,all,Sidetrackx,"I had to refund this garbage on my short playthrough I saw the true horror behind this game, and it's terrifying!I started game with the chase scene I really enjoyed that till i finally got outside, I get hold of a gun with like 3 bullets to take down a monster that doesn't die unless you burn it, this is where it gets better though, they give you 1 match to burn said thing and hope for matches to drop from killing things that you need matches to kill... ammo too that doesn't kill...( I have been informed you can kill with headshots but still lack of ammo issue )We could talk about the torch 1 monster has sure, but if you die from these monster's the torch may just be gone, he wont have a torch and you have 1 match to kill one thing, bullets dont kill so you trapped me at start of game so i have to start over.I redo it and I did better till i had to open the first gate with a crank, now 2 monsters wake up there and i use my ammo to shoot them but i cant kill them no one dropped matches, torch not anywhere so i cant open gate, I cant f*@king enjoy this, one of them woke up and chased me till i ran out of stamina and he stood behind me and just waited on me??I used a fence to seperate us and the fence acts as cover for said monster wtf man!I cant recommend this to you despite alot of people may like it, this could be for you if you like what you see,but i liked what i saw too and i hate this crap."
,Recommended,268050,12485496,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Gwazaa,"I think this has potential, but the problem is there are to many bugs right now, like my game crashes when i try to start chapter 2 (If anyone can help me with that) But right now i give this game a 7.5/10 (PC version only review)"
76561198142087182,Not Recommended,268050,14732856,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,beigels,this is such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t omfg it wont ♥♥♥♥ing launch and also it lags a lot ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,268050,28335668,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dr Meatball,"I like survival horror, but something about this game sucks. Rails galore. Not a fan."
76561198362892900,Not Recommended,268050,34492775,Posted: 25 August,all,XIstewyIX,"Saw this game and had high hopes for it, bought it, spent 30 mins limping around getting chased by a 9ft cannibal with serious anger issues and a serious illness of somesort wheelding and chainsaw after this i spent the next 40 minutes walking through a zombie infested forest [taking into account i thought i was suppose to be playing a horror game not a zombie survival game] trying the creep my way through but when i was spotted my retard of a character who is supposed to be a detective of some type turned into a weak armless person and the zombies turned into the ♥♥♥♥ing terminator and they kill you in one hit. after this the cycle continues until you pass the level then i gave upDONT BUY THIS GAME EVER NOT EVEN AT A DISCOUNT PRICE ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥AND A WASTE OF TIME"
,Not Recommended,268050,23255301,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,FALLENV3GAS,"By far the worst horror game. Why exactly? Im a ♥♥♥♥♥ when it comes to horror and this game was mear jump scared and bad youtube effects. Gameplay is slow yet clunky as a result.FALLENV3GAS Reviews The Evil Within | ""Bloody Nasty""6.3Hours to Complete►TL;DRIn depth...►[Performance]►[Graphics]►[Gameplay]►[Replayability]►[Conclusion]If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow mycuratorgrouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/FALLENV3GAS#curationhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/268050/The_Evil_Within/"
,Not Recommended,268050,34868801,Posted: 10 September,all,キーパー,just bood and gore but no horror.
,Not Recommended,268050,32227093,Posted: 6 June,all,uncolober,"It's a moderately competent, but completely forgettable third-person shooter with stealth segments that I absolutely hated (then again, I haven't enjoyed a stealth section in a game since the original MGS, so other people might like it more). Mikami's my favourite director, but I simply couldn't enjoy TEW. How could the director of Resident Evil, Resident Evil 4, God Hand and freaking Vanquish makethis?"
,Not Recommended,268050,33928537,Posted: 31 July,all,RetroJoe,"Played it for 15 or 20 minutes, hated it!! Stupid, slow moving character sneaking around instakill garbage."
76561198161021332,Not Recommended,268050,24762901,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Swindle,"I have refunded this game because of one reason , The game plays in more of a cinematic view , meaning abpout 30-40% of your screen is just black... it makes the game not fun since you cant really see everything. The games combat style is also more of a point and click rather than free."
,Not Recommended,268050,34519116,Posted: 26 August,all,ddeel24,Looks like it could be a really good game if someone would patch it. It is one of the most poorly optimized games i have ever played. So bad that it makes it unplayable. Sad to see such a bad job done by Bethesda. Gonna try to mod it to make it playable or try it on my Intel Rig. If i didnt only pay $8 for it I would ask for a refund.
76561198004413401,Recommended,268050,16586679,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[HN],"A strange but cool game that whant to look like a Silent Hill but play like a Dead Space 3.In the end a cool experience.Theire is the first 3 chapter as Demo, so check it out.If you plan to take the game, don't miss the first 2 DLC, they worth their price."
,Recommended,268050,13234739,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kuehnau,"I like the horror genre as a whole, love movies, books and video games. But to be perfectly honest, I haven't played a ""scary"" game in... Forever to be honest.My Mom kind of raised me on cheesy 80's B-Horror films, I read a lot of scary books growing up and while I love horror, I love the concept the the mythos behind it, it doesn't actually SCARE me.The last movie that actually scared me was Kugo Cujo, and only because I have a fear of strange dogs and it's a realistic thing that could really happen.I have a issue with a lot of horror games, like Five Nights at Freddies. Games like that rely on a lot of jump scares and more often then not, the game mechanics and story telling is just awful.That's why I didn't like Amnesia, the story was bland, the puzzles were simple and the monster attacks were caculated to the point that you could  guess when they'd happen, even during your first play through.On the other hand, I LIKE The Evil Within, it's from a celebrated director, it looks good, it feels good, it has more then a single game mechanic. I appreciate the fact the game allows me to fight back, even if it is fruitless, because lets face it, in a situation like that, even if you are doomed, you'd still at least try to fight back. The story isn't by any means amazing, but it is still much more creative then some of the other swill I've seen.The Evil Within isn't the most amazing game this year to come out, but it sure as hell does a much better job then so many of the pretenders."
,Not Recommended,268050,28120380,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,"Non-Existing Hi-Res screen support. ( Had to change my whole system back to 1080P to solve the scaling problem)Bugs. ( Now I have a savedata that ran into some strange bug that you cant move after you load it)No, simply no"
76561198033470545,Recommended,268050,12514847,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,C. Viper,I'm finished game for The Evil Within with difficulty: Survival (Normal) started date: October 14th 2014 to ended date: October 16th 2014 (2 days ago) me!Perfect stories and hidden items for The Evil Within is great than The Last of Us!I'm never sad or scary!I'm liked The Evil Within!
,Recommended,268050,12485212,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,I Stigma I Bal,"I cant beleive the great game i had the opprtunity to play, after finish chapter one i can say that ""A masterpiece"", i dont see any trouble in playing a 30 fps the game run just fine, this really a game who canr evive the genre of survival horror. If you guys beleive this game is crap or continue with your ♥♥♥♥♥ing go make your own game studio and your own games, this is beauty and progress.Nice day,"
76561198131567365,Not Recommended,268050,32405125,Posted: 14 June,all,GooseWithDaPhlog,"Gonna refund it. I'm not sure how this got overlooked in the development procces. When I launch the game here's what happens:>steam says it's launches>it launches on my secondary monitor>that monitor suddenly loses connection and turns off>it then waits about ten seconds and I hear the Bethesda logo sound>that sound gets shut off and my primary monitor shuts off and loses its signal>I have to restart my computer to fix itDon't buy it, don't support devs on a product that is so ♥♥♥♥ed up and act like it's all peachy while they take your money with a big grin and you try to justify the purchase.update: the same thing happens with only one monitor"
,Recommended,268050,12484905,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,twenty1aboutdis,Shinji Mikami is back!!
,Not Recommended,268050,25602225,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Liz Lee,"way too difficult. it's also annoying to watch the intros and animated scenes over and over again, when you die and have to try it again. you're more scared of watching these scenes for a hundred times than you're scared of the monsters. the games also lacks of a story, it's more like a big mix up of every horror story ever created, only vampyres are not included...so far"
76561198114126227,Not Recommended,268050,27592124,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jswimtexas,BORING
,Recommended,268050,12485234,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Psychobelle,"This game is an atmospheric masterpiece. The border is easy to get used to and provides an almost cinematic feel. The world is lush and appropriately dark, and gun combat as well as general controls are very tight. So far it is definately a positive experience."
76561198154142600,Not Recommended,268050,34270048,Posted: 15 August,all,VonFicVuzanbar,"dull gameplay, generic NPCs, and the story is lack luster. I really don't see why this is very positive, da zombies/ghost/demons what ever they take forever to kill. 0 replayable after the first clear, graphics and art is 90 or 80ish gothic style which I do like But aren't anything special. over all I bought it for ten bucks when it was on sale, do I regret buying yes, did I like it no for obi reasons, just to summarizeStory/ demons hp and damage are bs/ just nothing special.The game is hard but not fun, a good game is hard to beat but yet fun to play. This game doesn't have either one."
76561198049856614,Not Recommended,268050,12494761,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,tdelcamp,I cannot even play this game. It causes a crash every time i try to play. Many bugs...
,Recommended,268050,14819237,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,Music - 10/10Gameplay- 10/10Everything is ♥♥♥♥ing 10/10Love it.
76561198082652879,Recommended,268050,12484978,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Ra!n3,"First impressions (going to put more to it once i get back from work)It is what you would expect from a horror game, paranoia, jumpscares, crazy people, anxiety all the time!If you have a somewhat disturbed mental health, steer away - if you still feel like continuing i'll be brief. More to come soon..Edit: Continuin my way through chapter 2, so far so good! This is indeed what people have been waiting for, so far it's living up to the expectations of what they showed us earlier the year!Now, people complain about 30 FPS? does it matter? I don't even notice that, it's marvelous!Camera angle being slightly short of options? OH CMON! ever played the original and first resident evil games and silent hill? Did you get to angle your camera for any shots? NO!Also, people complained on the aim and accuracy of the weapons in this game, are you for REAL? have you played the game? you hit what you aim for, and you can UPGRADE your accuracy even for better aiming! Take it from me, i've played all the silent hill games, and all of the resident evil ones (even on consoles); this IS what you have been waiting for, every penny of worth!Scare factor on me so far; i had to change to diapers, running short on pants! Some scenes are just there to make you swallow your heart several times! There are jumpscares, get used to it!Sound; Fitting setting to the game and environment, has a touch of the annoying Silent Hill to it (Those nasty sounds that just appear now and then that would freak even Sly)Controls; So far, it feels a bit like i'm the handicapped person in the game, and you get to build your way up as you walk it of - not clunky at all but something thats expected from a hurt/aged person with that weight (imagine only), realism added to it.Atmosphere; (So far) it's dark, i feel vulnerable, got 2 bullets in my gun and a few matches - hordes of the living dead roaming, looks like a barbeque in them woods! I believe i can even smell the stench of the corpses (or perhaps just those diapers i'm wearing).Graphics; i can tell people are annoyed by the filters/black bars! You do realize you can remove the black bars? Check the forum! The dev's added the option in the console to remove it as you see fit.Now to the filters and optimization, it's not a bad port - stop yapping about it! Have you ever played a bad port? constant stuttering, unplayable? This is playable and enjoyable! This is what you saw on the streams, and this is what they showed! What do you expect? 30 FPS? cmon, i'm running this on 1080 easily, no issues! And it responds well to it!Editing as i keep going!"
,Not Recommended,268050,12485432,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,valav,Suxs m8 dont bey rip $59.99999 ;c
,Recommended,268050,12486125,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Nod,Shinji Mikami+Survival Horror= 10/10
,Not Recommended,268050,12483817,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,creocoder,This game have horrible top and bottom black borders. Its really make playing just incomfortable.
76561198044590290,Not Recommended,268050,31952850,Posted: 25 May,all,TheDog,"Poorly optimized game don't work on PC with an i7 4770 and RX 480 4GB.UPDATE: I fixed it by unlocking the in-game console and turning the frame limiter off, but I still can't recommend a game that requires the user to fix."
,Not Recommended,268050,32330211,Posted: 10 June,all,Zimmco,"I hate giving a game I liked a bad review.But, these are my thoughts.The game starts out scary, but becomes more of a FPS in about 1 - 2 hours in, then the game has little bits of scary scenes here and there. I would reccomend it, but not at full price. I got it for 50% off, and it was just OK for that price.Fighting: 7 / 10Boss Fights: 8 / 10Scary scenes: 6 / 10Stealth: 8 / 10All in all, 7 / 10."
76561198046345535,Not Recommended,268050,28654253,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Someonetook,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥....dont bother....
,Not Recommended,268050,34904093,Posted: 12 September,all,Stingygamer,So bad. So unbelieveably bad. I wish I'd bought it less than 14 days ago so I could refund. Not even fair. You're literally trying to get away from a chainsaw dude while you are limping- and he can magically see through walls and you have no means of self defense. Lame♥♥♥♥♥♥ too hard.
,Not Recommended,268050,28090069,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Spizy Chicken,"Pros. Haven't found any yet.Cons: Poor optimization.Low FPS and studders even with a GTX960 4GB OC and 16GB of Ram and an Intel I-5 running on a SSD.Ugly graphicsNo way to turn off post processing except grain.Funky over the shoulder controls that feel spastic, sloppy and sluggish.I really wanted to like this game, but after almost 7 hours I hate it. Mostly because of the feel and control issues.If you are a fan of how Resident Evil plays, you will probably like this. But I'd skip this one and go with OUTLAST or something else. Good idea, poorly executed."
76561198106674869,Recommended,268050,12484368,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,TotallyW.A.S.D,"great game so far but i have run into a bug thats locked my camera really close,all i see is the main characters shoulder and head :/ i cant play like this plzzz fixalso recommended system req needing 4gb vram isnt true.im using none oc gtx 770 and a i7 4770k, 16gs ram and i can max this game no prob"
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,268050,34522726,Posted: 27 August,all,Conspiracy Theory,"Trash will not allow left-handed players (who re-map keys to NumPad) to re-map properly, as some keys refuse to re-map; such as the Move back key I have used for 20 years (NumPad 5).Typical console-coded rubbish in that regard.Been waiting an update all year after it was pointed out.No Update; no upvote.When I can re-map the keys, it might get a better review.... but until then. It gets a middle-finger in return for middle-fingering such customers."
76561198069468941,Recommended,268050,12486077,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mcjunkie,Horror Is BACK!!
76561198042501923,Recommended,268050,12486737,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,g4m35t3r,"Great Game, Great story so far, but apparently if you have a♥♥♥♥♥♥pc do not buy for a pc it's that simple. Ive yet to have a single problem with this game"
76561198085792193,Not Recommended,268050,31326984,Posted: 23 April,all,numan4634,"It is 2 out of 10.Short review: Just because i dislike a game does not make it bad or otherwise, but this game is murdered by its ridiculous gameplay.Long review:I can barely made it through a bit more than an hour and here is why.Cons:- Lack of a proper story- The second most useless nerve racking controls i have ever seen (First one is tomb raider aniversary)- Ridiculous combat in close quartersI have had enough of games basing the whole thing on movements and surrounding awareness. This is just another way of saying ""hey we do not have any original ideas, so we will go with the hide and seek fashion, discover the enemy pattern, die just because you have stepped one f... step more than necessary, be scared of stupid creatures with supposingly horrifying voices, see some blood and be more scared, struggle though a dark environment and be even more scared..."". So what i see is just an overrated horror game-ish.Pro:- Environment looks niceOutlast is better than this. Alan wake is even better than outlast. Resident evil games make a hell of a horror game. Alone in the dark is the definition of a perfect horror game. I have wasted 80 minutes on this."
,Not Recommended,268050,32412152,Posted: 14 June,all,OldLazyMutt,"This game is a frustrating mess of clunky controls, fuzzy graphics, terrible narrative, and long load screens.  I was excited to play after reading all those good reviews... sadly, all those people must be insane.  Stay away from this turd."
76561198136848883,Not Recommended,268050,12484777,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Sgt.Platypus,I wanted to like this game SO BADLY! Ive been anxiously waiting for this to come out and within minutes was terribly dissapointed. It has basically no graphical settings. And the textures and graphics look more like RE5 on an xbox 360. Why are the textures so poor?!? And the aspect ratio is horrible. I dont want to play a game with borders on the top and bottom. But by far my worst complaint is that there is SEVERE lag for me. Just navigating the menu with my mouse makes me dizzy. I am SO damn dissapointed and sad right now ='[
,Not Recommended,268050,34532947,Posted: 27 August,all,sblsbl,One of the worst games i've played lately.
76561198015062701,Recommended,268050,12484949,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,AscensioN,"Started playing. Mouse support is garbage. Might as well use the controller which is also garbage.Graphics settings is very limited..gameplay compresses you in a widescreen view (black bars). took me all my ammo just to shoot a bad guy (6 bullets) with a controller....once they fix the mouse I'll be switching ASAP.Game is good. It's more confusing than scary. If you wanna feel paranoid more often, i'd tell ya to go play Alien Isolation.7/10"
,Not Recommended,268050,34531754,Posted: 27 August,all,Enactos,Just don't.
76561198370500100,Not Recommended,268050,32268755,Posted: 8 June,all,duda.mack,my game deos not starts
,Not Recommended,268050,34466807,Posted: 24 August,all,WillyDarkStar,"I didnt finsihed even the first mission but wtf is this port men, this is unplayable, not even the mouse is working fine.-10/10New fromsoft"
,Not Recommended,268050,26484667,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ｃ ＢＯＹＡＲＤＥＥ,Japanese product that isn't anime??? Stop wasting my time
,Not Recommended,268050,34537530,Posted: 27 August,all,doublewhiskeycokenoice,Horrible
,Not Recommended,268050,34471886,Posted: 24 August,all,Muffinator,Can't even get past the title screen. Constantly freezes for several seconds after a second or two of running. Really needs a decent patch to be playable. Awful.
76561198094179311,Not Recommended,268050,31642310,Posted: 9 May,all,💕🌷💜💖🍷🐝🐾🐺,Evil within better let it out
,Not Recommended,268050,32238689,Posted: 7 June,all,darktrial,this damn game restarts my stage every time I play. Is it created by a bunch of idiot?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9Grzcyopbo
76561198006406166,Recommended,268050,12485067,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,mistakornbread,The rumors about this game made me get a new graphics card to play it... it better be good... if its not... i will still tell everybody it is good for the sake of my pride11/10 best game ever!
,Not Recommended,268050,30846798,Posted: 30 March,all,Jarvis Frapner,Garbage. I'd pay you to not play this game. Made my chest hurt and my♥♥♥♥♥itch
,Not Recommended,268050,32278082,Posted: 8 June,all,|Clit9| Mike Cawk Sobig,"Thanks game, It's funny how I buy the game and 7 minutes it took me to just uninstall, It's utterly cancer, The resoulution option did not work, so Now I must wait a day or two to get my money back so I can play another game. Complete waste of time and space my money will be spent elsewhere."
,Recommended,268050,25790907,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,dcuk,This isn't minecraft
76561197970083635,Not Recommended,268050,24749338,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SciBoy,"What a rotten PoS. Granted, I've only played 30 minutes, but I'm experienced enough in gaming that I know what to expect. These 30 minutes told me all I needed to know: It's all about grind. The story is going to be really lame, probably about some ""experiment"" with the inmates at the mental hospital gone awry and for some inexplicable reason, I'm the poor sod who has to fix it. Most likely, I won't fix it either, because the game-makers want to be edgy so the end is not going to be happy.The sad part is I bought it with a Season Pass because it was on sale and I want my money back. :-(Edit: I've played the game further, I still don't like it, but my initial impression was that it was going to be a sneak only-game, which it isn't. One may choose to fight or run and use the environment to kill enemies. I like that idea, but the execution isn't very good and as a scary game, it isn't scary at all. Just gory."
,Not Recommended,268050,12483362,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,RichardSledge,"Game locked at 30 fps, not even full resolutiongj besthesda"
,Not Recommended,268050,30884535,Posted: 1 April,all,washed-up,"too broken to enjoy, not worth even on sale"
,Not Recommended,268050,32261778,Posted: 7 June,all,Homuya [GER],"Be prepared to deal witha ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mouse accelerationblack bars you cant remove unless consoleeither 30 or 60 FPS cap you cant remove unless consoleyour guy will take 1/4 of the screen, 2 spooky 4 me, better fix the game cause someone did not knew how to made games..Horrible FOV problem/what I said above and if you try to fix it enjoy having a broken game.If you want to deal with all that first, go for it its not bad but no masterpiece as many claim it. Neither is it spooky or scary at all unless you love going from script into script. I recommend it for the gameplay but anything else + the starting bugs cause it was someones first game literally..yeahThe game is more like a downgraded version of games like Resident Evil 4 or others in its genre basically, gameplay wise it has nice ideas that are implemented well but its certainly not made for anyone wanting a quality game..or anyone wanting to see what they play.The reason I can say more about the ideas and its implementation is by the way because I already have played and finished it actually on a friend a while ago and now thought of buying it on sale but this is one of the worst horror games I have been playing for a while, so incredible scripted and linear. The gameplay and ideas compensate but I wonder why I should not just go and play other games even though they are a little older this one dont shines through graphics anyway."
,Not Recommended,268050,34482148,Posted: 25 August,all,AwkwarD,"Unrealistic game, everytime you teleport from places randomly, no solid story to tell. Boring as hell. I died like 50 times with the sadist in Chapter 3 lol"
,Not Recommended,268050,32077992,Posted: 30 May,all,Mr. Meeseeks,">Buys $20 Steam Card>After searching, buys This Stupid♥♥♥♥♥Game>Waits an hour and a half to download>First Launch : Crashes on Startup>Second Launch : Audio is all ♥♥♥♥ed up so I decide to restart game in hopes it'd un-♥♥♥♥ itself>Third Launch : Starts the same as Second Launch, ALT + F4>Requests Refund>Currently waiting on refund"
76561198157190239,Not Recommended,268050,32319046,Posted: 10 June,all,Solohahn,Stupid ♥♥♥♥ing game~
,Not Recommended,268050,33659700,Posted: 19 July,all,justLOVEpandramuslc,Looks really dumb.
,Not Recommended,268050,28722461,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DubbleChrisP,"Played through the opening of the game and it honestly just seems like a series of ""a horror game should have this"" scenarios."
76561198081998239,Recommended,268050,12483097,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Tobias,Black Border Simulator
,Not Recommended,268050,32231144,Posted: 6 June,all,BylliGoat,Garbage game.  Boring characters.  Boring combat.  Boring plot that seems cobbled together for the sake of making a horror game.  The most irredeemable facet of the game is just how much potential it had.
76561198010732709,Not Recommended,268050,29240465,Posted: 13 January,all,Edmurfman,This game sucks balls. Can't even get past first room because the game sucks so much balls. F this game and the stupid gook that produced it
,Recommended,268050,12483088,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,podge,2spooky
76561198154179595,Recommended,268050,12484412,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,not responding,tyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
76561198020180813,Not Recommended,268050,26281846,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Krauser,Play outlast instead....
,Recommended,268050,30451327,Posted: 11 March,all,Fantastic Mr.Floyd,"I got around to playing this game after all the fixes so.. For me that games was amazing. One of the best modern horror games to this day. I didn't really die much, because I learned quick."
76561198036426414,Recommended,268050,30471164,Posted: 12 March,all,Not Alexander,"Puzzles, cool battles with creepy bosses, blood, fire and death. What's not to like?The game is kinda hard. Ammo is scarce and it's pretty easy to miss shots, but there is a lot of enviromental interaction to let you play around that. It mixes ""horror"" and action, a bit like Resident Evil 4, so if you are not an ""omg this is not scary"" kind of guy and can enjoy a game for what it is and not what you expect it to be, I'd say give it a try.To name a few cons: It bothered me the fact that sometimes, when you die, the games forces you to watch again some of the cutscenes. That and the movement, I found it a bit cluncky, which can result in some deaths when dealing with supposedly easy traps.Even tho it's not the best game from Shinji Mikami, it is still a great game. 10/10 would fight the box guy again."
,Recommended,268050,18736077,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Han,"I went into this game desiring two thing: to be scared, and to be entertained.This game without a doubt scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me and kept me entertained long enough to make me whole-heartedly recommend it for anyone looking for an out-of-the-box survival horror experience.Every single chapter in the game takes you to a completely new setting, with new semi-bosses that will all empty your bowels into your trousers. I have never seen so much variety paired with intriguing story and a desire to keep playing till you find out what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on.Would recommend over and over again."
,Recommended,268050,18798472,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Duskien,"Very similar to Resident Evil 4 in terms of gameplay. Big mix of stealth and action, with lots of Silent Hill type themes/enviroments thrown in. The story and characters aren't anything spectacular, but the enviroments and enemies will keep you interested. Definately worth a play through if you can get it for a decent price, close to 15 hours just beating the main story on normal."
,Recommended,268050,18998504,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,SSD's Not required,Game is spooky as hell. Pick this masterpiece up.
,Recommended,268050,19373031,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ExtraFluffyYo,So Fun. So Scary. So Bloody.
76561198080846448,Recommended,268050,19385784,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Steeby4Life,Nauseatingly violent.I went from wading through a pool of bodies to being choked out by a guy with his intenstines.10/10 Will continue playing.
76561198086834502,Recommended,268050,19382981,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,StarkWhite95,"To start off, I personally think it's wonderful that it mixes videogame genres. It has action, horror, survival and even a little stealth. I personally don't think its really scary at all. If you want a scary game, get Outlast, Amnesia or PT (scary as hell but it's not available anymore I think). The game isn't the scariest, but it's definetely more interesting and bizarre than the games previously mentioned.I usually don't like survival games with incredibly limited ammo and supplies but this game gets it right in my opinion. Each and every shot is incredibly precious and I was just always scraping by but was never out of ammo completely. It hits a sweet spot. The survival aspects weren't what kept me playing though; it was the atmosphere and combat.Each weapon has this meatiness to it. They really pack a punch and it's so fun to kill monsters with them. There are also parts where you can booby trap an area and slowly kill a group of enemies. It's rewarding when you manage to succeed. The graphics are very detailed and immersive and the monsters spooky and deformed. It's a fantiastic mixture. That being said, the game is on the difficult side. It's definetly a japanese type of game. It strangely reminds me of Bloodborne but not nearly as difficult. Its still pretty challenging though but equally rewarding when you overcome the challenge.Overall, I find this game to be special and it will stick with me for a long time to come."
76561198018615977,Recommended,268050,17319422,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Degris Abernathy,Great game cant say much without givin anything away but this is agreat game one of the few games iwould buy for 60 bucks thats a storyline game it really keeps u on the edge of ur seat the whole time one thing i can say it never gets boring for a second cause ur never in the same place cause of the plot ur always somwere new in the blink of an eye neat awasome great scenery i have a 960 2gb vram card and it tells me i need 4 gb of v ram but this game ran fine truly optimized
,Recommended,268050,17103322,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,!TheFlash⚡,Best horror experience :))
76561198077920541,Recommended,268050,17103866,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ZA | LivingDeadLights,"WOW This game really blew me away awesome graphics, Deep storyline and Super Scary!!!!"
,Recommended,268050,17108341,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,FauxGrin ッ,"This game doesn't pull any punches.Almost within 5 minutes of playing, you are greeted with a grisly situation and a sense of vulnerability. There's a lot of spook moments littered through the gameplay that caused me to jump as well. Overall, the graphics are incredible and the psychological horror of the situations did a grand job pulling me into the story. I wish there was more depth to the characters, however. I imagine the DLCs will help add to the content of the storyline and better explain what's going on, because to be honest, I still don't know what the hell is happening with the direction of the plot or the events leading to Seb's situation and I've completed the game.I'm frustrated by the fact that this plot is pretty lacking-- Very frustrated, but the gameplay is smooth and visually engaging. I personally find the replay value to be high.I bought this game when it was on sale and would recommend it for the price I got it (I think it was $29.99), but I wouldn't reccomend it for $59.99..."
76561197979361375,Recommended,268050,17282531,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,PikminWorld,"The game tries too hard to be like Resident Evil, namely the first one and the fourth one, but while Shinji's newest entry may not be his best, it is definitely not a bad game by any stretch. The atmosphere of the game is spot on and gives you a horror movie vibe, as for the black bars and the 30 FPS, it didn't bug me as much as it has bugged others, but there are ways to fix them if you have any issue with either of those. The camera was a bit of a nuisance at times in the game, not giving you a full view of the action and leading to some frustrating deaths where you get hit out of no where or when trying to look behind you leads to an unfortunate attack by an enemy trailing after you. The creature designs are well done, creepy and grotesque, but there isn't a TON of variation, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it does drag on you after a while after killing a Haunted enemy for the 500th time.The story is hard to follow and very vague and mostly feels like a set up for a sequel and in some ways it is nonsensical. Not a terrible story, but with a little tweaking it could have been a lot more satisfying and interesting. The characters you meet are very emotionally dead and have no real personality, but despite this you sort of connect and begin to enjoy their presence despite their characterizations and plain bad AI, as they give you the comfort of companionship. Some chapters feel like they go on too long, but the game offers checkpoints and save points that won't frustrate you as they might in a game like Alien: Isolation. The game also took me a sizable amount of time to complete.The game also feels like it trails from the whole survival horror aspect and begins to feel a bit cheap or more like an action game as hordes can suddenly be thrown at you when you least expect it to surprise you and lead to quick thinking and intense fighting or enemies will automatically know you are around a corner in a scripted fashion. These things aren't bad necessarily, but it gets annoying when you want to go a more conservative approach towards the game and see if through patience and smart planning you can overcome your enemies and obstacles which feels thrown out the door when these encounters occur, and frequently so throughout the game.Overall, The Evil Within is a good game, even great at times, it isn't the scariest game out there, but its atmosphere helps build an overarching suspense as you journey the twisted version of Krimson City. It has shortcomings for sure, but if you are a fan of Shinji or survival horror, you may not be dazzled as you may have been with games like Resident Evil 4 or the original Resident Evil, but you'll still find a thrilling experience that keeps you coming back for more."
,Recommended,268050,17287209,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,♛bidik18♛,"the only think i have to say about this game is ""♥♥♥♥ing A* game"" its one of the best horror game i have ever played, the puzzles are abit like the silent hell homecaming and the shoting and the consept is like Resident evil but the story and the game it self is amazing gamei recommend this game to people that enjoys silent hell games (trust be),-any hellp plz fell free to tell methanks~bidik16"
76561198001522972,Recommended,268050,16591896,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,sufyanpat,Awesome survival horror game. Absolutely loved it!
,Recommended,268050,16735507,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sephiroth313,"A very good reminder of when horror were good, brings you back to the good old resident evil days, just wished the game supported SLI."
,Recommended,268050,16675237,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,lil munt,beauty!
,Recommended,268050,16676757,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Finn3nTV,great game
,Recommended,268050,16711546,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Solarbeam,Fun game.
,Not Recommended,268050,16763429,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Nova,The worst gamedev ever. Tryed to replay half an year after release and 3 dlc. The most annoying bug with no scroll to read documents which are key moment in game still here!  Stickly no recommend this game to anyone.
76561198174222182,Recommended,268050,17436627,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,YingBong_DingDong,it was♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198006269309,Recommended,268050,17440187,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,coean1984,"This game was a challenge beginning to end and definately delivers you a unforgettable experiance true to survival horror and goes the distance with long game play and stays interesting throughout the game, with everything, enemies, story, bosses, ammo conservation, traps, all challenging you to survive the experiance, definately gets you thinking playing the game and long after the games over, a pleasure to play  and highly recommend it to others, to well worth the price, 10/10!"
76561198041741839,Recommended,268050,16943371,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Hammy,Its a good game still has bugs
76561198188456943,Recommended,268050,17424034,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,ChonChon,*-* play Casuali am very easy diedChapter 1 Dead 1Chapter 2 Dead 1Chapter 3 Dead 4Chapter 4 Dead 0...to be continuedXD I can not live alone.
,Not Recommended,268050,17435128,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Pujols.heh,"Great prologue, but very boring afterwards."
76561197989053541,Not Recommended,268050,17361580,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,cheffdonty,"It's a scary game with cool presentation, but it's just not any fun to play."
76561198003066842,Recommended,268050,18906489,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,SuperSpesh,"This game is one more level addictive fun. Its very old school. kinda worth the 20$ I payed for it , I guess.And they have made this game better pc port . they really improved on it from the release date."
,Recommended,268050,18898909,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,UnsolvedMrE,"Pretty good game. If you're looking for something creepy, you may be disappointed. This is more of your typical Resident Evil knock offs with a psychological twist. There is some gore and some nefarious creatures but it's still pretty cliché. Definitely fun, lengthy (if you get the DLC) and entertaining gameplay. Worth the price tag simply because of the amount of time you'll spend playing it but don't expect to be blown away by the story."
,Recommended,268050,18822256,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Applejack,"I wish Sebastian had banged Kidman at the end of the game but hey no game can be perfect along with humans . I mentioned humans cuz Juli could have quite bigger tities . Well at least her butt was amazingly divine in my modest opinion . By the way , the plot was awesome . In brief , it was like playing an interactive film directed by Quentin Tarantino . 69 out of 70 ( - 1 for Juli's breast as you may know :) ."
76561198009489824,Not Recommended,268050,18840904,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,madmantis24,"Let me start by saying that I really wanted to be a fan of this one.  It does a lot right in visual design and had me hooked in trying to figure out what was going on when it began.  That said, the PC port crashed too much for me, so I picked up the PS4 version used to see if it was worth it.  I have been going through a lot of that one, and it is relatively stable, but it feels far from rewarding once the gameplay flaws show through.They say you miss all the shots that you don't take.  Mikami apparently decided we should just miss all the shots.  I am aware of the upgrade system offering the chance to decrease reticle sway, but I have a feeling that my trouble making shots isn't being soothed by the upgrades I've been buying.  The sight seems to line up, and then it just plain doesn't connect when I need it most.  It's especially egregious when I'm desperately shotgunning mobs directly in front of me just to lose precious ammo.  Stealth is presented as an option in the beginning, then quickly jettisonned when so many enounters become swarms of enemies.  Again, this would be forgivable if the effort to get good at shooting was adequately rewarded.I wanted this to succeed, I wanted to have the aesthetics disturb me and leave me shaken.  Instead the only emotion it's been consistently inspiring is rage, rage, rage.  Avoid."
76561198000922107,Recommended,268050,18841971,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Talula Jenkins,Love it!
,Recommended,268050,18850248,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,mercitemptation,"Oh my goodness. I wanted something dark, twisted and creepy, and I got it IN SPADES. This game is glorious, everything I lamented losing when Silent Hills was scrapped was made up for in this masterpiece. I am not far, but I love the gameplay. The controls are my least favorite portion, but I will say they are quite simple and make it very very easy. DO NOT play with headphones on while other people around, the swear words that will come out of your mouth are not pretty and will irritate others around you highly if they are not horror fans themselves."
,Recommended,268050,15709117,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,dnlgjmnz,"This game is in a league of its own. A bit like RE4 I've heard it compared to and its not very far off but it is a different animal for sure. This game is survival horror to the core as well as phychological elements that are a great addition to this already amazing game. I especially enjoyed the upgrading system which made it feel a bit like an RPG. The stealth in this game is hit and miss at times but mostly spot on if you know what to do and what not to do to alert enemies to your presence. Also, two DLC packs came out recently. I will by purchasing those as soon as I finish the game! Highly recommended~"
76561198018896614,Recommended,268050,18479482,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Captain Velcro,"My first couple of playthroughs on survival difficulty were very enjoyable. It's gory and creepy with Shinji Mikami's classic RE4 style combat and a nice helping of stealth mechanics. The boss fights are varied and fun and you're constantly being introduced to new enemies. Also in typical Shinji Mikami fashion, the story devolves into nonsense by the end, although I ended up liking some of the characters more than I expected to.Visually the game is beautiful. I've never played a game where the darkness felt so imposing and dense, without ever being frustrating, but rather tense as you hear the gurgles and growls of enemies emanating from unlit corners and hallways. Speaking of growls, the sound design is also excellent.The game falls apart to me once you play it on AKUMU difficulty. If you look up guides to beat AKUMU they all revolve around breaking the AI and using various exploits. The games mechanics aren't balanced for this difficulty and so you have to beat AKUMU by essentially cheating.I didn't care for the DLC either. ""The Assignment"" and ""The Consequence"" revolve around the slightly awkward stealth mechanic, but without the ability to resort to combat when you're inevitably discovered. ""The Executioner"" is basicly a first person melee combat game which is nowhere as fun to play as the main games combat.I was determined to get all achievements and if you're an achievement hunter prepare to get frustrated. Beyond the issues with AKUMU mentioned above there's an achievement for speedrunning the game. I don't mind speedruns, but this should have been delegated to an online leaderboard, rather than encouraging players to speedrun what is mean to be a slow paced atmospheric horror experience. There's also an achievement for ignoring an entire aspect of the games mechanics: the upgrade system.Green gelis an item Sebastian is rewarded with for exploring and defeating enemies, that he can use to upgrade his skills and weapons. Why make an achievement encouraging players to disregard an entire game mechanic?with all that said I still recommend the game. It's gory RE4 style fun with a couple of good jumpscares, but if you go for all achievements the game will severely outstay it's welcome."
,Recommended,268050,18328900,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,GuiGWR,"Really mentally challenging, if you like horror games you'll like this one!"
76561198169906759,Recommended,268050,18319471,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ty10sk,Resident evil 4.
76561198138671481,Recommended,268050,18153078,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Noveriant,"This is certainly not a perfect game.  The ending could have actually been much improved, if the developers had used it to tie together at least some of the plot's loose ends.And good luck with aiming.  It's a bit awkward.However, I really enjoyed the hodge-podge mess that is this game.  (When you get into it a bit, the reason for the chaos will be revealed.)  The graphics are very pretty, and some of the elements are downright inspired.  (Demented carnival ride, anyone?)  I will definitely play through this one again."
,Recommended,268050,18767347,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Big Boss,probably one of my favourite games that i've played in a long while.
,Recommended,268050,18770500,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Sercan,"Really good visuals, good ambiance, good art direction and good music."
,Recommended,268050,18833292,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,RIM,RESIDENT EVIL 4 2.0 VERSION
,Recommended,268050,18169008,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Nympomancer,"This game is laughable at times but it plays well to not be sweeped underneth the rug.Get it on sale, not full asking price on PC. Its $40 on consoles for some reason."
,Recommended,268050,18172867,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sa5eR Rikudou,"Buckle up, headset on, lights off. Enjoy the unique atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,268050,18268920,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Ryan Dalrymple,Horrible default settings and does not run well on my high-performance PC. Would not recommend on PC.
76561198031582969,Recommended,268050,18053845,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Mr. Cobb,"I just finished the game today. It took my 20 hours and I died 246 times. This is the first horror game i have ever played in my 20 years of gaming so i really have nothing to compare it to. I really enjoyed it. I found the game pretty creepy and scary at times, and this is coming from somebody who doesn't get scared by horror movies. The atmosphere and lighting for most of the game is quite dark so you never know what you are going to come up against. Ammo can be scarce so you have to be resourceful it is a survival game and you can't just go into a situation guns blazing. The game is quite difficult, you will die many times. The boss fights are not impossible but will cause you to think and are quite challenging.  The tension in this game is real especially if you are playing without help.I highly recommend Resident Evil 4 if you enjoyed this game. I doubted that it would be good but it is one of my favorite games of all time. The director produced both games."
76561198000624796,Not Recommended,268050,18096275,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,david,"wont work on my pc , it just wont start shame i wanted to play this game"
76561198097109341,Not Recommended,268050,17850580,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,gfthomas,"Nice little horror, has the streak of resident evil in it.  My problem was the monsters and trying to fight them, It just becomes a pain when hunting for inviside zombies all the time. That stopped me from enjoying it, but for £11 a few months after its release, steal!  but would I recomend it?  Only to gamers who really really like horror games and certainly not for the causal 'shoot em up' guy/gal."
76561198112138744,Recommended,268050,17822592,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,tapirmusic,"The Evil Within is basically the game I've been waiting for since Resident Evil 4.  A hard-boiled lead character who finds himself in WTF-land and runs his way out, shooting behind him."
76561198067308148,Recommended,268050,17231955,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Trauma,This is an absolute must for every survival horror enthusiast out there. This game traps you into a world of fear in which you dread your every next step as to what may lie ahead. The Evil Within will keep you on the edge of your seat all the way throughout the game!
,Not Recommended,268050,17239912,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Kickestar<3,"Really isn't all scary. They do have some fun parts/cool parts. The story is dull, you won't really care for it. It does get a bit aggravteing with the puzzles that are thrown at you ever two seconds while a scary monster is chasing you. Yes, it gets somewhat unplayable sometimes. You have to restart a lot cause you will die a lot. This game isn't for everyone. You have be warn."
,Recommended,268050,17245944,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Inhibitor,"Rediculously atmospheric and tense, brings back memories from RE4 but fresh and intuitive. So scary I can only play for 30 minutes or so at a time..."
,Recommended,268050,17533287,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Taco,"Just finished the main campaign. Definitely some story telling problems, but in the end it works. Great gameplay, spooky, and leaves you thinking. Would recommend"
76561198023881073,Recommended,268050,17651629,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,RSM06,"This is Shinji Mikami's Resident Evil 4 sequel and it literally references RE several times.  The story isn't amazing, but it works in the context of the game machanics.  The atmosphere and challenge are definately what helped carry this game.  It's always nice to be reminded of your fleeting mortality.  Clair de Lune is like a warm blanket.You will die. You will die alot."
76561197970399850,Recommended,268050,17809506,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,MattBOM,After completing the main campaign I can confirm that The Evil Within is an accomplished Survival Horror. The art syle and direction is very reminiscent of the Resident Evil games with some scenes selecting static cameras also.It is thoroughly enjoyable and if you like horror games then you should love this one.8.5/10
76561198002530882,Recommended,268050,17774447,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,[H]ouse,Gameplay is fair...This game can might creep some ppl. out...Good atmosphere in-game...
,Recommended,268050,17795355,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DarkMachi,That is a no-no Jojo!
,Not Recommended,268050,13369801,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"UPDATE: After the last update game became unplayable. Just crashes on me after I'm trying to load a game or any DLC.Win 8.1, Geforce 770, 16 GB RAM, old, but pretty strong i7.All other games are fine.Googled hard, tried different fixes - revalidate, compability mode, redownload - nothing helps.Game is unplayble at my rig for now."
,Recommended,268050,16802809,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Super King,Visuals were great and the story was above average.  Game can be frustrating at times due to difficulty.  Still a great game.
,Recommended,268050,16691118,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kikute,"If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato."
,Not Recommended,268050,16449180,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Niclisten,"I am so conflicted about this game. First - performance. I just had to knock everything as low as it would go. Don't get me wrong the game still looks great - but man - I play most everything on Ultra but this game has serious performance issues. It's not my card or system.Anyway, the atmosphere's are well done. The story while a little all over the place is alright - it's the combat that ruins the game. Even on casual the game is brutal and complicated by a stupid combat system where aiming becomes a lesson in stupidity. The combat is by far the sloppiest I've ever experienced in a game. Aiming means you generally can't see what you're shooting at - the whole system is vague at best.I'm dedicated to finsihing the game, but after that I can't see myself playing it again. The graphics aren't enough to save it."
,Recommended,268050,16660775,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DZimmy,It is ingeniously evil.
76561198057770049,Recommended,268050,17920628,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ape With Funny Face,100/10Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself if all you're gonna do is whine about how hard it is.Suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,268050,16574671,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ArdKing,"Shinji Mikami, father of Horror, your early creations (Resident Evil & Dino Crisis) still the best."
76561197972278693,Not Recommended,268050,16577314,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Stumpy,"I'm glad that I picked this game up on a Steam sale once, because it is not even vaguely worth full price and the cost of DLC.    Let's go point-by-point:Plot:Something about some kind of psychology experiments on mental patients, who are now some kind of monsters.  Mental hospitals with immoral experiments conducted on patients have been a horror plot device for as long as horror has been a genre, so this is totally unoriginal.  You will have an impossible time connecting with the characters, who are pretty much carved out of wood and very hard to get into.  We've got our emotionless hard-boiled badass cop, his comparatively weak and uninteresting straight-arrow sidekick, their hot chick (who runs around in heels, by the way, which seems impractical) damsel in distress, the mental patient with weird insights (again, trope city), and our scary antagonist who seems to be motivated by... well, nothing but being evil really.  As another reviewer mentioned, you will get something approaching character development for about fifteen seconds when the protagonist talks about his drinking problem and his personal life, but then it's gone and you're back to shooting people.  Why are you shooting people?  Why have you ended up where you are?  You'll eventually get your backstory but it's apparently at the end of the game.  I can't even play to the end, it's such an uninspiring story.  I just wiki'd it and saved myself a few hours.Graphics:Not too bad, honestly, once you set the frame rate right and get rid of the black bars.  Not setting the world on fire, but not bad.Audio:Stock audio clips galore!  I kept expecting to hear a Wilhelm somewhere.  The music isn't particularly good for instilling dread and it's not very good at keeping with a theme, which brings us to...Design:I didn't look up anything about the making of this game before buying it.  You'll recognize immediately upon starting to play that this is a Japanese-made game, which means cultural presentation is going to be clumsy as far as how characters interact and their displays of emotion, as well as certain style/theme choices.  Some people enjoy that, I'm not a huge fan.  The overall 'mood' for the game is a complete mishmash.  It's kinda like the TV show Archer where you're not supposed to have any clue what year it is.  Why is there a 1940s mental hospital in the middle of what appears to be a modern city?  Why is the apparently modern city right next to country bumpkin ruralsville?  The clothing for the protagonist and the other male cop looks like it's pulled from some 1980s detective show, while the damsel is wearing heels for no reason except I guess she's supposed to be sexy and worthy of saving.  Some of the monsters are more original-looking than others but none really stand out stylistically in the same way that, say, necromorphs in Dead Space did.  You've got your people in the village with scary farm implements (trope), you've got your mutant dog thing with an extra mouth, you've got your weird thing with some human characteristics but too many limbs (trope), you've got your chainsaw dude (trope), you've got your butcher guy (trope).  Basically, the memorable villains were all recycled.Speaking of recycled things, one of the main guys apparently was a big influence on RE4.  RE4 was a pretty solid game, nothing against it (it's a third of the price, go buy it instead!), but this game borrows too liberally from it.  We get it, cults are scary and insane rural village people with farm implements intended for murder are scary.  I mean even the Spanish influence was similar, given that most of the characters have Spanish last names.  You've already done it, go do something else!As for scariness, I'll admit I'm a wuss, but even the horror elements aren't that scary.  Torture porn and boatloads of gore have been done and aren't that scary, and it feels like the game's go-to element for scaring you is putting more blood and guts on the screen.  The crouching figure in the corner that turns around and they're scary and the game screams at you?  It's been done to death, and this game loves to pull that on you.Gameplay:Here's the ultimate indictment of the game.  It just isn't that much fun.  Gunplay is clumsy at best, camera angles aren't great, the mechanics like shocking yourself with green goo to upgrade yourself and your weapons feel stupid, and it feels like it wanted to be a shooter but just couldn't bring itself to be a decent shooter.  You've got your same basic set of weapons (revolver because nobody knows what year it is, pump shotgun, sniper rifle, and crossbow with KRAZY ELEMENTAL BOLTZ) that are in a ton of games, but none really stand out.  Bosses can pretty much all one-hit-kill you, too, which sucks.Conclusion:4/10 on a good day.  You're playing a middling horror movie that lasts too long.  Treat it like a bad horror movie and watch it on YouTube.  Use the money you save to go buy some tasty food to eat while you watch.  Much more enjoyable."
76561198075572666,Recommended,268050,16507287,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,guillaumeloones,very good game
,Recommended,268050,16517191,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bigmac,While I never felt true fear while playing The Evil Within I did have a good time. It is a fun and mildly creepy game. The first 3 hours were the most scary but after that you know you can defend your self fairly well. It runs modrately well and the gameplay is entertaining.
,Recommended,268050,16519687,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,☂Mawiois,"Ignoring talk about Resident Evil 4, this is an extremely fun game.+Everything about this game is ""just enough"", in a good way. Just enough weapon options, just enough hidden loot, just enough main characters, just enough locale variation. Never too much, never too little.+Game is about 15 hours to play through. So 2-4 longer game sessions, you won't get bored by it, and it's not too short.+It's never frustrating, yet challenging enough.+I really liked Seb as a main character, he's every cop cliché in one guy, has this ""I need a beer"" facial expression for the duration of the game. Also he says some things really weird. Yes this is a positive, because it's entertaining.+Replayed it at a friend's house like right after, still wasn't tired of it.-Some bosses appear multiple times which I'm personally not a fan of.-The game lacks a dodge button, which some faster bosses seem to be needing, leading you to take unnecessary damage from unresponsive controls.-The ""running away from things"" sections."
76561198071697160,Recommended,268050,30511437,Posted: 14 March,all,Deckard,"A decent entry in the action/horror genre, with decent visuals, some genuinely scary looking enemies, and RE4-like combat mechanics. The atmosphere of this game is well set, although through a lot of the game you'll be wishing you could switch out of the tight third-person camera angle to get a better look at everything. I understand why that view is set, but when your looking for collectibles and the ever-easy to miss goddess keys you'll be wishing you could pull the view back a bit. The writing and plot are passible for this type of game, but it does feel like a bit of a missed opportunity from the creator of the original Resident Evil. The end boss and the final plot revelation to kind of take the wind out of this game's proverbial sails. I know it sounds like I'm dumping on this game a bit, but it is still worth a playthrough and if you need that action/horror itch scratched you won't be disappointed, ammo is scarce and enemies are relentless. Still, you may want to buy this when the price drops down."
76561198022437585,Recommended,268050,16465635,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MacBookPro,+1000 :)
76561198005193512,Not Recommended,268050,16453117,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,unbreakable52,To clunky to enjoy.
76561198140306164,Not Recommended,268050,13338512,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,claudiopin,"In defense of The Evil Within I must say I've played many games that were much, much worse. Like Tomb Raider 2013, which I gave up due to the many annoying moments, that spoiled all the pleasure the old games brought. Evil Within looks beautiful, has some great moments for spookyness, originality and weirdness lovers like me, it's original, creey and has many qualities. But then I remembered why I stopped amid the game and decided to write about it, and had to tick ""I don't recommend"".In spite of all great qualities, this game has two big, big, biiiiiiiig flaws. One is the way the camera works when you're using weapons. Well, the camera is flawed in many moments, even out of fights, but when using weapons it's a disaster. If enemies are fairly close to you, you will mostly miss them and spend precious ammo (that is scarce). Missing them also leaves you open to their attacks, and since your character is practically as strong as a 4 year-old girl, you'll loose a lot of health, or simply get killed.The other is the way your character moves. He's so clumsily animated, lacking any minimal agility and moving like a 90 year-old with backpain, that you'll sometimes need to turn around an item on the floor, say a box of ammo, four or five times till the game prompts you to get it. That's also a problem when you're in a place with many enemies, cause you can't even run in the right direction, much less dodge. Combine that with the lousy camera work and it means you're in for a fair amount of rage caused by the sheer unplayability of you character.That is really, really sad, because it could have been a great, unforgettable game, all the elements are there. That said, I wouldn't say ""don't buy it"", because it's still worth your time and it'll still going to give you some fun time. I'd only advise you to wait for a sale, when it's at leas 60% cheaper, so you'll pay what it is currently worth. After kinda four patches, I mean... And still lousy."
76561198060385206,Recommended,268050,15584942,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Weirdo Joker,Mega
76561198180642753,Not Recommended,268050,16126305,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,dgoertz57,"This thing really really P O'ed me. It won't work on my computer. The FPS or something is way off, I get an extremely choppy picture, . So bad it's unplayable. maybe some one can help me?"
,Recommended,268050,16041829,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,VictorMaxx,"After finally completing the main game (sans DLC), I can say that I rather enjoyed The Evil Within. The atmosphere in the game was really well done and each chapter was unique. The puzzles were a bit simple at times and I wasn't particularly scared when I played through the main campaign, but The Evil Within will certainly be a memorable title for me. I think the major thing playing against this game was the timing of its release.If I had to assign a score out of 10 for this title, I would give The Evil Within a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,268050,16532156,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,λΔ,"A game very reminiscent of Resident Evil 4 (Same Director), a horror game with many third-person action shooter elements to it. You'll hardly be scared in many of the boss battles and action sequences but it's the calm methodical walks in-between where you may want to carefully stealth past horrific creatures.The game definitely has a plot that sets itself up to be a franchise with many questions left unanswered and I'm a bit irritated at that, fun game though. Fully worth it after they patched the less popular features caused by the port.There's mouse acceleration on the menus and it feels like the pointer glides on butter."
76561197962895876,Recommended,268050,16546885,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pipi,Got it on special during steam summer sale.  Well worth the money i spent.  A little linear but hey who wants to run back for hours to open that one door.  Dont under estimate the power of a match stick !!
76561198168086560,Recommended,268050,16426130,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,fergieboiiii,this game is so scary
,Recommended,268050,16426843,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Colonel Onyx,"This is a wonderful game, I went in to it expecting an experiance similar to the original Resident Evil or F.E.A.R. and was not disapointed. I would most definatly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the original three resident evils or the original F.E.A.R."
,Recommended,268050,13823583,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ex1,"After finishing the game on survival nightmare and akumu it was easy to see what the game did right and wrong.Despite some gameplay flaws I find myself returning to it again and again to see if I can find another way of surviving an area with a new tactic that may conserve more ammo or make the confrontation a lot easier.There may be some linear moments but more often then not there is a suprising amount of variety in how a given situation can be handled.The Evil Within's gmeplay is very similar to Resident Evil 4 with slightly more freedom in movement. Despite this improvement the game is a lot harder overall with the absence of the ability to quick attack stunned enemies, use a knife at any time from a still position(punches move the player forward), or easily stun enemies with headshots. The hareder difficulty unfortuantley makes issues that existed in RE 4's gameplay become much more apparent in TEW.For instance, monsters that compelety missed a grab or punch will sometimes register as a hit. If an enemies grab animation starts just as a freeze bolt hits the enemy it will not register as a hit on the enemy and they will continue to deal damage on the player.As stated previously these issues did exist in RE 4 but they become more apparent in the harder difficulty of TEWparticularly when playing on Akumu mode where one hit will kill.TEW is a much darker game then the later resident evil entries. It is also less action focused. It still has a lot more action then the earlier resident evil games that focused a lot more on exploration, puzzles and backtracking diffrent areas.The game could have benifited a lot more with areas that allowed more exploration and suspense before moving so quickly in to the action sequences but overall it is a very well balanced game.The PC version initially had a lot of issues but recent patches have done a lot to improve the overall stability and experience for the PC version of the game.Overall I'd give the game a 8.7 out of 10.I personally I enjoyed this game more then other game in past year or so. Mostly due to the lack of games that are like this (and the poor execution of recent RE titles). But it definitely has a lot of room for improvement and considering this is a new IP that means there could be a lot to look forward to in the future DLC and possible sequals."
76561198065429559,Not Recommended,268050,13813330,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,kingslayer86,"now let me preface my review by saying i freaking love this game. And yet, the game itself has some problems with it such that i can not reccomend this game to anyone other than fans of the modern survival horror genre, and are willing to put up with a LOT of cheap deaths.of my 113 deaths in my first playthrough, i can guarentee that at least 80 of them were from failing to disarm explosives, since their was a wierd button lag on my game.either way, if your a fan of the modern 3rd person survival horror genre, pick this up when its on sale. If not, i would reccomend you spend your money on something different.pro's:: great atmosphere and soundtrack. if your not scared, you will feel tense: cool boss battles: some chapters are expetional.: the agony crossbow is freaking awsome: a lot of different things to upgrade: when you have an excess of resources, how you choose to deal with basic enemies can turn into a diabolical experience of torment.: a lot of enemy types are really cool and fun to deal with. I wish the invisible enemies lasted longer than 2 chapterscons:: not scary, but thats most modern survival horror games: mikami rips himself off at various points, and i think its hillarious: final boss is a HUGE letdown: lots of cheap deaths, unlike games such as resident evil 4 or dead space.: controls seem to have a delay to them.: there are some chapters that turn into a frustrating slog. (chapters, 9, 15, 6 are a few off the top of my head.)"
76561198059830371,Not Recommended,268050,13766858,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GL1TCH151 - twitch.tv/gl1tchtek,"good game bad programing. all in all i'd recommend the game but if you were unlucky to pay the full price the tearing issue would really irritate you. apperently this game at this time has no ACTUAL FULL SCREEN MODE, it's windowed boarderless even though it says other wise. the fps locks for 30 and 60 fps with vsync don't work be cause it's not actualy full screen aergo will no work. awesome game other wise, it runs well lots of gore and jumpy which is cool, so this game gets an 8/10. this game SHOULD HAVE HAD ALL TEH BUG IRONED OUT FIRST AGAIN US PC GAMERS GOT SCREWED THANK GOD I PAID SALE PRICE AT $22.00."
76561198051237868,Recommended,268050,13775724,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Genocy,"I actually really liked this game.I play for story and it did not disappoint, granted the plot is hard to follow and it will take some brain power to connect the dots along with a couple play throughs (but if you are an achievment junkie like I am then that won't matter).If you were a fan of RE4 then you will enjoy this game."
76561198021756003,Not Recommended,268050,13816284,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,marine98220,"Only worth the price during the fall/winter sale. The game sounds and looks great but thats where the positives end. Everything starts off interesting but the story quickly becomes forgetable as you are teleported from place to place with little to no indication of what the heck is going on. To further add to the frustration trying to manuver the character itself is like trying to guide a small boat in choppy water. Also, the theme of the game changes from survival stealth to ring around the rosies in tight quarters with enemies that can one shot you almost right away. Not recommended."
76561197971874482,Recommended,268050,13817238,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Toren_S [Also Friendly],"The Evil Within doesn't try to do anything exceptionally new in the genre of Survival Horror, but that's part of why I love it so far.It has solid mechanics, excellent visuals, a storyline that has me interested, and enemies that are a challenge without feeling unfair.  It also has RPG upgrade mechanics to let you tackle things your way instead of just having 'oh the shotgun is better than the handgun'.If you must have your games be super innovative or new, I would not bother with Evil Within.  If classic Resident Evil-like Survival Horror is your comfort zone, jump right in.  It has enough of the more psychological Silent Hill style stuff to keep it enjoyable on that level, but it slants further towards RE4."
76561198053328506,Recommended,268050,13744625,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,khzmk,
76561197970317579,Recommended,268050,13755735,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CaptainOZ,An excellent game.
,Recommended,268050,13739798,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Uchiha,"Good, I like this game"
76561198030389103,Recommended,268050,13988339,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,P@ersona,"The Evil Within is Shinji Mikami's new playground for survival horror, and though it has its stumbles, it is nonetheless a triumphant return to the survival horror genre.First of all, the letterboxes in the game are both distracting and obstructing. They cripple your field of vision and disable you from gathering your surroundings properly. Thankfully Bethesda gave the option to disable the letterboxes. The Evil Within does look great though, the atmosphere throughout the game is always appropriate and helps immerse the player.In terms of gameplay, The Evil Within does an excellent job of building tension by placing you in uncomfortable situations and forcing you to make your best judgment to overcome obstacles. Every resource in the game seems deliberately placed, giving you just enough to survive. The budgeting of resources causes the player to think more about how to overcome obstacles with maximum efficiency and adds alot of choices and depth to the gameplay. During your encounters with the Laura and The Keeper, the game does a poor job of communicating what course of action you should take to survive and I found myself dying alot in trial and error. The game also had too few segments which required stealth, and the game becomes heavily action oriented after chapter 10.I actually found the story in The Evil Within to be fairly interesting despite it's painfully boring characters. It did a good job keeping me invested to the very end, though admittedly the ending could've been executed better. Nonetheless, a horrific world created from the network of psychopathic minds is an intensely interesting idea, and is the perfect playground for Mikami's horrific imagination. The premise of the game is especially interesting when you take the time to identify what memory or mental defect concieved each monster you face in the game.There is plenty of room for improvement in The Evil Within, and I hope Tango Gameworks takes some of the low points into consideration. I think there is great potential in this new title, and I'm looking forward to future installments.8/10"
76561198050275172,Recommended,268050,13988858,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,cheesecakejake,"10/10 great game that relies on psycological horror rather than jump scares. You can really see some classic 90's style game design mixed in with a more modern feeling game. Play it, and you'll know what I mean!"
,Not Recommended,268050,13965511,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Brittypop,"To me, it feels too much like a Resident Evil 4 clone. I don't think I've ever been so disappointed in a game like I have with this one."
,Recommended,268050,14038774,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,homebrewman23,"I wanted to like this game so much. I am a huge fan of mikami, we were promised survival horror, old school style, and we were delivered a clunky action game, that fails to explain itself.The Good: plenty of content, its a huge game, the levels are varied and you travel a huge distance with no backtracking whatsoever. I completed the game in over 20 hours. Excelent graphics, can be scary, mostly in a way to make your skin crawl as a boss can be felt inches away from you that has killed you 20 times in a row already. Rpg elements, with an upgrade system. Plenty of enimies if you count bosses, excelent graphics.The Bad: Story or lack there of, too many bosses, they are too hard. It is possable to waste much ammo on a boss that cant be killed. No explanation of what the green goo is, no explanation of where the agony crossbow came from, Nonexistent stealth, the enimies will see you no matter what which is frustrating, No puzzles whatsoever, well ok there was about 6 of them through the course of 20 hrs.The Rant: They should not have promised survival horror when what the delivered was an action game with not enough ammo and constant boss fights. You never had to search an area for a key or puzzle pieces like silent hill, or RE . The game is inconsistent with itself. An example is seeing two shotgun shells next to the box of ammo yet recieving one shell. What is the green goo? Was it a technical challenge to explain it? Why are the enimies so flamable? Why bother burning them at all, when they dont get back up anyway. If the game could have been more like the first chanisaw guy area, snaking the key off the table and outsmarting him, then battling an injury inflicted by him giving weight to the gravity of the situation. That is what we wanted. Having to oursmart a scary boss, not shooting them over and over. Having to use your brain a little rather than easly running past enimies or being forced to kill them all before the door opens to the next area. After all that scourng for info, and exploring, and I am no closer to knowing what the hell is going on after fininshing the whole game. I reccomend the game because it is alot of content, but I am not happy about being sold false hope. Resident evil remake is TRUE survival horror as I have played through the GameCube version already. Where is the markenting on that masterpiece? That is what we wanted. Priorities are so messed up in AAA games now, you guys should know that the public will call you out on your bs, so call a game what it is. End Rant"
,Recommended,268050,15220984,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Blacklaboratory1,if your a fan of Silent hill and earlier resident evil oh and silent hill this game is for you gory good story & tough
76561198117892026,Not Recommended,268050,15244767,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mega_Dyne,Why can you not remove the headbob effect?  I had the urge to vomit 5 minutes in.  Even though I paid $20 on it I still want it back.Why do anyone think that making the player sick is a good design choice?
76561197999861702,Recommended,268050,14789004,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Jon88,"Starts out slow then gets great! But unfortunately it doesn't last.  Toward the half way mark the game  seems to drop a lot of what it was building on and becomes mostly a game of trial and error and ""gotcha"" death moments that become more of a chore and frustrating then fun or suspenseful."
76561198130179795,Recommended,268050,14877119,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ariana,11/10<3
,Recommended,268050,14844373,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,THE ATF SHOT MY DOG,"Currently one of my favorite games. Played 4 hours today alone. First chapter is a little boring, but it gets faster paced and more fun as the game goes on.Cons:Bad texturesdumb AI""cinematic"" 30 fps lock and barsThis is really the only horror game i've played besides outlast, so take my opinion with a grain of salt."
76561198035324558,Recommended,268050,14894686,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Golphy,I just don't get the bad reviews this game got. This is an excellent survival horror.
76561198029904609,Not Recommended,268050,15271920,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,bear_storm,"What a gigantic middle finger of a game.There's some sparks of genius in here, but they are smothered under crushing tons of the worst of AAA design. Do you like final bosses made entirely of turret sequences? Boy howdy. Bethesda sure does.The controls are clunky garbage, the gameplay can't seem to decide whether it's Silent Hill or CoD and switches back and forth between the two at terrifying random, and the entire run-up to the ending is a greasy downward slope of get-the-game-out-the-door-this-quarter slapdash design and dlc bait.There are some absolutely fantastic segments in Evil Within, but they're buried deep. I'd pick this up for $5, knowing what I do now, and I'd youtube the utterly phoned-in ending rather than play it through."
76561197972535744,Recommended,268050,15260459,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Emberwraith,"First game in years that has made me cringe and dread enemy encounters because of how balanced enemies were to the player. I felt like I was legitly trying to fight for my life if I got caught, boss battles were intense and heart pounding, and that Corpse spider... Oh god, that corpse spider still haunts me."
76561198094013977,Recommended,268050,15255048,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,iwanttehmonkeys,A real inspiration. I killed my whole family :) 10/10
76561197978282294,Recommended,268050,15135894,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,|EoS|Backlashed,"Awesome game!I love dark and gritty and this is the very definition of those meanings. The game doesn't really focus too much on the Horror genre, I would say it's more action than anything. A couple of parts made me jump but that's about it, damn you Laura!The story is decent, not really anything I have seen before and it was well written (took me about 14 hours to get through the survival mode story) There is a lot of collectables and a few puzzles and mazes that really make the game that more challenging.I feel it lacks replayability though, you unlock some stuff at the end of the game but I don't have any incentive to play through it again. However for people that have yet to play it and enjoy gore fest action games I highly recommend this triple A title."
76561198056590645,Not Recommended,268050,15303738,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Sylas,Felt like i was trying to play dark souls and resident evil together.. not my thing.
76561198050731044,Recommended,268050,14193148,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Steven,"so far, im like i think 2 hours in? but I may be only like 1 hour in the story. This game has me clinging to the crouch button and at the same time, checking if my ammo is full/reloaded every two seconds. At first it took me awhile to understand some mechanics that werent explained and it made it that much better. On death respawns the zombies do different walking patterns and dont spend much time turned around (for stealth kills). This game even has me burning almost every corpse i come across.When i first played i was hoping that it wasnt just based in a hospital and i found out it brought ou the real world environment. Amazing!"
,Recommended,268050,14193668,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BULLonPARADE,"I don't understand why this game only has a 73% positive at the time of this writing.  I imagine nearly everyone that bought this was expecting a Resident Evil type of game.  That's exactly what it is.  Play it at midnight with the lights off, good family fun.  Great game.  Sales seem to come by often to don't pay more than 20 bucks."
,Recommended,268050,14229968,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,m15terp1nk,"I see this game getting a lot of negative reviews for weird reasons. So, I figured I weigh in to help balance the scale.Firstly, if you're on the fence about buying this game because the system requirements state you need an i7 or equivalent that's BS. I don't know who wrote that but they probably own stock in Intel. My rig is as follows:Intel Core 2 Quad 66008gb DDR2 RAMGeForce GTX 750 Ti (Gigabyte version; 2gb DDR5vRAM)It runs the game without issue at 1920x1080 resolution, 60FPS, all optional graphical elements enabled. You can check my screenshots if you want to know what that looks like, all screenshots are either gameplay or actively rendered cut scenes. I didn't cap any pre-rendered cut scenes as it is not an accurate portrayal of how the game will look during game play.Ok, technical  out of the way. This is a Shinji Mikami game. That's the creator of the Resident Evil series. I'm talking oldschool Resident Evil, not guns blazing infinite ammo RE6. Resources are extremely limited, if you want to run through levels downing scores of enemies move on, this is not your game. Finding a way to isolate your enemies and take them out without utilizing consumable resources is the goal here. Running and hiding rather than fighting will often be the best course of action, especially early in the game.Lastly, you will die, a lot, accept this. This is not a forgiving game. You are simultaneously rewarded and punished for exploration. If you find a secret area or cache of weapons you better believe it's either booby trapped or swarming with enemies... or both.Is this a game everyone can enjoy? No. Most current generation gamers don't have the patience to play a game at the pace this one requires. If you're a fan of the previous generation games that gave you next to nothing and told you to save the world, this game will oblige."
76561197978479055,Recommended,268050,14214426,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,FrostyTehPwnman,"One of the first games in a long time that I felt like replaying. So many games are boring the second time around but not this one :) To each his own of course, but if you're thinking about getting this game, and are looking at the user reviews to help make your decision, then just go get it and find out for yourself how awesome this game is. Read the sysreq first though, the game does have its hardware demands that might limit your enjoyment of it."
76561198146356540,Recommended,268050,14282993,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,KartoffelKoenig,It is a great third person action adveture thriller not as scary i expected and camera angle was a little wierd but overall it is a good game
,Recommended,268050,14379381,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kilian,"It's been a long time since I liked an AAA game this much, if you love 'survival horror' games spiced with David Cronenberg and H.P. Lovecraft you will love this one!"
76561198031490549,Recommended,268050,14364720,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,polaris,"first time i play a horror game since the first resident evil, and yes its scary, sometimes predictable but sometimes not at all :S, really nice improve with the last patch."
,Recommended,268050,14380309,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Trail of Dead,"Game starts out scary.  Quickly turns into another Resident Evil.  There's a decent variety of enemies but certain ones get tiresome quickly.  Checkpoints are spread out weirdly and after a few annoying deaths, you learn to predict where the monsters will appear.  That turns a great game with an engaging story into repetition...  Still, not bad.  But not worth the full price."
,Recommended,268050,14386808,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[Asna.D] Ace ♠,Dont play this if u have heart disease!!
76561198038661353,Not Recommended,268050,14773233,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ivomajic34,"I dont know what a hell is going on but I can't open this game at all..After I installed it it wont open and I receive ""App Crash""????????????I spend my 60 eur for nothing..What a f.....g waste!!!!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT BY THIS S..T GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198064640951,Recommended,268050,14777921,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Mikoala<3,"It saddens me to see how much hate this game has gotten.I'm not used to posting reviews, so I'll keep this quickPros:+ Intriguing gameplay the whole way through. There was not a point where I felt bored or that the game just repeated itself. Even the last boss was entertaining, which I have had problems with before where I just don't finish a game because of the last boss.+ Good story. I know some people disagree, but I enjoyed the story, and I always wondered why and what was going to happen. This always kept me wanting to progress in the game.+ Much gameplay (30 hours) + replayability. This goes hand in hand with the intriguing gameplay point. I was not once bored in those 30 hours.Cons:- Some crashes. I think my game crased 4 times throughout my playthrough on 30 hours. The check points help, but it is still frustrating. Other than that, it ran smoothly!- Graphics could have been better.It is a fantastic game. If you are a fan of Silent Hill or Resident Evil 4, its definitly something you should try out. I loved every bit of it, and it is a good feeling after getting tierd of so many story based games in the middle of them, because they are repetitive."
76561198151592303,Recommended,268050,14752184,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,TaleOfAsh,"I had a lot of hesitation upon purchasing this game and resolved to play Alien: Isolation instead. However after playing A:I I came back to this when it was on sale and for some unkown reason forked out the cash. Turns out The Evil Within in its current state is a good game and I will tell you why. Firstly immersion...this game has it, granted not always especially when the clunky♥♥♥♥♥Resident Evil-style movement and character world interactions wrench you out of it. But for the most part you will be surrounded by an all encompassing horrorifying assortment of creaking wood, flaking walls and rusted metal, the sound design and enemy design are spot on and feel completely right for the world. Next the pacing of the game is well done enough to feel cohesive. Furthermore while some textures are not up to scratch most are well done, voice acting is not always on par...the protagonist responds to reality bending horror with ""Huh, that was weird""... I am not even exaggerating this, that is a direct quote. Meanwhile the story is well done except the inevitable ♥♥♥♥ing cliffhanger sequel bait ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ending that should be written in barbed wire and shoved up the story writers♥♥♥♥♥(or at least the♥♥♥♥♥of who ever demanded that he put in this endiing). The game switches up its setting and atmosphere everytime you just start to feel like you can relax and things are under your control, resulting in a perfect sense of fear and caution at all times. The 'bosses' are beautiful in a horrorifying gore-splattered way and rival any beastie I enjoying cutting down to size in Dead Space in the intricacy of their design and the feeling of equal terror upon being ambushed by them and sense of achievement and respect when I put them down...or had I???This game is well put together and a blast to play in chunks every evening once it is dark, hell if you can play it all through in one long blast with the curtains drawn and headset on! All in all: characters are a bit flat and pulled out of a stereotyped stage drama from the West End, level-design and atmosphere are brilliant, story is too subjective to person taste for me to really dictate to you on, enemy design is spot, great music and the gameplay is appropriate for the nature of the game. It feels cohesive and a product of love and care not a souless game, worth your time if you can get it just a bit reduced from its full price.Just make sure you turn off the ♥♥♥♥ing windowed mode and ♥♥♥♥ Sebastian's cardio...what is he a ♥♥♥♥ing chain-smoker who had a quadrupal bypass hours before the events of this game along with crippling asthma?"
76561198068453978,Recommended,268050,14755085,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Doughboy,"This game made my night. The story is very well written for a horror game. And even better, the game doesnt rely on jumpscares to scare you. The ambience was enough to scare me, definitley worth the money"
76561198022091684,Recommended,268050,13576717,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sicario,Good storry and gameplay is verry nice !
76561198033561353,Recommended,268050,14785900,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Aidistril,"Very good , very scary , oooh."
76561198095464947,Recommended,268050,14739902,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Spnkypiledriver,"Great experience, great graphics, great game overall. keeps ya on your toes all game. awesome story, you gotta get this game even if its not on sale i cant wait for ne next installments."
,Recommended,268050,14740508,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Zai!,"I likes headshot, stealth kill, booms, killing the zombies, Sebastian's weapons, and much more but, what so I f-ing hates is Laura in spider form and Box!!! They are so f-ing tough to kill. 5 stars for The Evil Within! Yeayyy"
76561198104397974,Recommended,268050,14742945,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,❀Syco,love playing this at night :D
76561198085765221,Not Recommended,268050,14384680,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,MykeyRM,"The Evil Within - 5/10-OverallNot Worth the hype that was made about it.Not worth the $74 they put it up for in the first place.Not too bad but were things that annoyed me.If its cheap, say $20 or under ok, otherwise I wouldnt bother.Not Scary-GraphicsFPS limited - 30fps no vsync or 60fps WITH VSYNC (hate vsync)Bluring effect to distant objects even when not that far away. Great scenery backdrops wasted.Some textures arnt that well done.Grass and shrubs are...well they dont look like they belong, just thrown in. like poping out of concrete.Apart from those not bad as long as you dont look closely at it.Not to demanding-GamePlayPickups are way to obvious, like playing a kids game.Very scripted gameplay, go this way...do this... go that way.Not a fan of the over the shoulder camera, id much rather 1st person.Sprint distance of around 10m...... upgradeable but still far to short to begin withNot exactly a challenging game, which would be ok if the story was great but its not really.Not Scary.... which was kinda its only selling point. I found it tediously slow going, and the atmosphere just wasnt there for me.-performanceI was running this 1360x768 just coz i had it running on a 42inch tele and that was native res.I doubt many people will have any issue running this game."
76561197970629175,Recommended,268050,14745676,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,rpc,"this is the most underated game of the last yearsthe problem is the optimization of the engine  but apart from that do yourself a favour ; download the demo and play the third chapter ......,,,,,,,you will see how a survival game should be made.Sadly you need an high end pc to enjoy it (even with a 295x2 amd gpu i couldnt played at 4k maxed out) but i never had a crash in all the game (it look i played few hours because i recently changed computer)"
,Recommended,268050,14746120,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Horikita♥,love the game :P
,Recommended,268050,14696280,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,RAIZO,"Ahh, The Evil Within, how I love you so...let me count the ways.  You're dark & gritty, bloody, violent, with just a dash of originality that you can call your own (four ways I guess....err.....mostly that many, but seriously, It's got more to offer than just that).I've spent just over 70 hrs with this game and even after all that time I can say that I still love it; that I still love to play it + I can't wait for the DLC too (which finally begins releasing March 10th, or so I've heard).  For those not aware of this, The Evil Within is a Shinji Mikami joint so you know right off the bat that it's got something to offer as far as horror gaming goes, as he is the legendary creator of Resident Evil and 'Survival Horror'.  Yes, the Resident Evil series has greatly suffered over the years, having taken a major detour from the 'survival' aspect of the type of horror game that it was always supposed to be, but it has kinda made a comeback in recent years (*whispers*....kinda...).That aside, The Evil Within, though not a flawless representation of what Shinji can do with a horror game, is still well made, it looks and plays good and even attempts to regain some of the lost suspense/survival aspects of earlier RE games.  Though there are definitely a number of action-oriented moments in this game, it does attempt to utilize elements of stealth by which to offset the action and create a sense of fear/suspense in the player.  It's not exactly a scary game, but it is most definitely trippy and can be creepy at times too, with a look and style + usage of traps and chainsaws vaguely similar to RE4, with subtle undertones of Splatter House to balance it out (the gore factor I mean, but some enemies may remind others of SH as well).You utilize green gel to level up your stats/stock/weapons (you get the gel by defeating enemies and as a pickup throughout the game's various environments) and there are small keys hidden in statues that you use to unlock the morgue room drawers for ammo, green gel, etc. The morgue room is part of the asylum that you travel to by way of mirrors located throughout chapters and also between chapters (this is the 'trippy' aspect of the game that I mentioned earlier - the asylum acts as a sort of HUB world for the game; there are also collectibles to find there too, such as newspaper articles and missing persons posters + map pieces).The enemies/bosses in the game are truly horrific, at least some of them are, and will often take multiple shots to weak points to take down, so be especially adept at aiming on the higher difficulty settings, or try to be anyway (otherwise you can try and level up your firepower to aid you in combat + there are some cool unlockable waepons as well, but I won't spoil any of that).  Don't even get me started on the spider-b*tch (that's what I like to call her; she's actually a representation of Ruvic's sister - Ruvic being the main bad guy in the game) and the Keeper.  Both these enemy/boss types will be encountered multiple times throughout the game (yeah, it's one of those games) but don't let that discourage you from playing it - it's still a great game that deserves to be played (especially considering that it's supposedly Shinji's last directorial effort in gaming).Get it on sale if you can but it's still worth it at full price."
76561197992126273,Recommended,268050,14733988,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,fearstrike,f you like the idea of Resident Evil 4 crossed half-and-half with Silent Hill then The Evil Within is the game for you. Just be prepared to put up with 30 FPS
76561197965769046,Recommended,268050,14840639,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Stealthman80,"This game is very fun but also utterly frustrating. The graphics and gameplay are very good. It ran perfectly buttery smooth on ultra on my 78070xt and fx8350. The bad part is the difficulty in some sections. I had sections where I died 10+ times before I made it through. This game plays like Resident evil 4-6, monsters are  silent hill like and the story and wierdness are like FEAR."
,Recommended,268050,14854081,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Linnet,"If you got a PC that can handle it, once you set it up without letterbox and in 60fps it becomes so much more playable. The game itself is both terrifying and intense while still keeping up an interesting and thought provoking story. I do recommend this game for anyone who likes psychological horror. I encourage you to enter this twisted reality.Plot: 7/10The story kept being interesting all the way through and it always left you confused, and excited to find out what would happen next. Some chapters did however feel unnecessary and many plotpoints were left unanswered (however, there's still a DLC that I haven't played. Hoping that it will answer a few questions).Gameplay: 9/10The first chapter feels clunky. After that, the gameplay is awesome all the way through. The limited amount of recourses makes the game challenging and encourages you to avoid combat instead of engaging. Stealth system is good and combat feels smooth. The upgrading system is a plus. Being able to upgrade your abilities makes for more fun gameplay.Spooookyness: 7/10The game is scary to a certain degree. I would concider this a terror experience rather than a horror one. For exampleAmnesia: The dark descentis a prime example for a horror game. It makes you unable to face your enemies and it has an atmosphere that builds up to make the player more scared, whileThe Evil Withinis straight up disgusting all the time and while this is scary, it does make the player a bit numb sometimes. Especialy since there is combat available in this game. The introduction of new enemies and varying envoriments make up for this lack of suspense somewhat.Aesthetics: 10/10Seriously this game if beautiful. The enemies freked me out, the enviroment felt like right out of a nightmare and at the same time remained beautiful, the graphics are supreme and the sound design is realistic.Final score: 8/10The game feels very standard and just straight up confusing in the first one or two chapters, this is quickly something you forget once you get to the latter chapters. I would recommend buying this if you got the cash, it is a surreal experience that will remind you of your worst nightmares while telling a confusing story."
,Recommended,268050,14913087,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,osirz,this is what is real horror game should be i miss this kind of games that is will make you hard to sleep at night <3
76561198058794368,Recommended,268050,14915539,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Psychosis,"Where to begin? Lets start off with the negatives, if you're looking for an enriching story, this game isn't quite what you're looking for. Although the story is not bad it was just really lack luster and it was really up to you to discover the story based on finding in-game artifacts. The voice acting in this game is really dull as I really don't believe that any of the characters really showed any emotions.  Even though I cautiously played the game trying to find everything in my first playthrough I clocked in around 13-15hours for my first playthrough on normal difficulty. Kind of short for a $60 game.Thats all I have for the negatives,But for the positives it outweighs the negativesIf you're honestly looking for a challenging horror game look no further.The amount of times that I've died in this game is ridiculous. Prepare to rage quit 24/7 as there are many monsters in this game able to one-shot you at full health.  The director Shinji Mikami created such a horrifiying world with refreshing new monsters that will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants in every corner. A lot of the areas in the game are quite dark even though you are carrying a lantern and only able to see 5 feet in front of you.There is a stealth mechanism for this game to conserve ammo, but it is rarely used as I found myself most of the time trying to run away from these creatures.The upgrade mechanics in the use of 'green gel' is a limited resource that can help you improve your character abilities, weapons, and as well as stock.  I found that during the early parts of the game without the upgrades were very underpowered but as my character's abilities grew stronger I felt like I was rambo in some way.Overall The Evil within was a brutal and challenging game, but I found most of it fun. The atmosphere of the world are genuinely freightening. Resources are quite low during the early parts of the game where you find yourself significantly underpowered.This game deserves an 8.5/10Sorry this review is like all over the place, first time ever writing a review."
76561198156291912,Recommended,268050,14897508,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Wyatt Earp,"Have you ever played a game that you've experienced a whole lot of ""NOPE"".... This is that game.Fun, creepy and exciting. I love this game and I would recommend it to anyone."
76561197987226695,Recommended,268050,14948199,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,[fart!]frozetti.ru,"The game is not a hit of course, but still I liked it very much.  Reminds Resident Evil 4, gameplay-wise and several literal citations like first levels in the village.  The story and the whole concept is quite peculiar though unfortunately there's not a lot of attention to it, up until final third of the game. Characters are also not so  lively and graphics is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥, espesially minding system requirements, but nevertheless core gameplay helped me to enjoy the game despite above mentioned disadvantages. To recap: not an awesome game but stil very very good, would definitely recommend to Mikami's and Resident evil 4's fans."
76561197990504175,Recommended,268050,14971798,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Like(A)Boss,"Super fun if you like games that want you dead, But not to hard as to make it feel like you can only go as far as you can then start all over again. coughoutLASTuuughhh.....Yep."
,Recommended,268050,14955514,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Durant,It's alright if you don't pay any attention to the storyline.
76561198162029285,Recommended,268050,15083710,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Koigan,"there is a problem with the game because every time i try playing it says ""a program is stopping this game to work.if the company is reading this can you updated to not do that problem.(PLEASE!)"
,Recommended,268050,15099552,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,mictalem,"I was looking for a game just like this one, I am a fan of Resident Evil kind of games and this is the best of the last couple of years,"
,Recommended,268050,15030663,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lorde Tourettes,"Whenever I try and play this game it starts up fine but when It's loading the logo just continues to spin, and it says ""not responding"" is there any way I can fix this? I've been waiting months to play."
76561198000776624,Recommended,268050,15032487,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,GUTS,"Classic survival horror at its best, good story, very nice visuals. Money well spent"
,Recommended,268050,15014657,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Paps(),A true successor to the resident evil franchise in terms of horror content and gameplay. It feels like a cross between silent hill and resident evil 4.Genuinely creepy enemies and atmosphere give one of the better triple A horror experiences for years.Since my dissapointment of resi 5 this has rekindled my love of horror games.
,Recommended,268050,14915095,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Hawk Zombie,"This is less of a review and more of a recommendation. I don't know if I can justify the game for full price, but if you're a huge fan of horror, it is definitely worth your time. I'm enjoying it immensely.While it doesn't exactly reinvent the wheel of horror games, it does bring back that tension that has been lacking recently. And not just because Ammo is scarce; you need to think your way through most encounters, and even when you think you've been through the worst of it, the game keeps it coming.EDIT: Having beaten the game, my recommendation stands; it's a solid game and very reminiscent of REsident Evil 4. There's some debate if that is a bad or a good thing, so I'll let others decide. For me, however, it was well worth the time, effort, and money I put into it, and I look forward to starting the DLC soon."
,Recommended,268050,14960862,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Time-traveler Saelzen,"I gotta say, it doesn't blow my mind in any way.  Given that, the gameplay is pretty solid, the mechanics are well implemented, and the design is pretty fun.  It's definitely worth a play, but wait til it's down to the 30$ mark as I would not recommend paying more than that.  7.9/10"
,Recommended,268050,14944026,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Natty Pack,"This Games optimization sucks, its two options are 30FPS locked, Or 60FPS with V-Sync. If you do not have a Decent to Best PC i wouldn't recommend this game to you, If you have Troubles with V-Sync dont buy this game. But for the Most part this game is very Intense and Can be Scary at times. It also has a Good story."
76561197976122890,Recommended,268050,15109798,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Peanut Butter,"If you like the Silent HIlls but wanted more weapons, blood, and action this is it. I didn't get attached to any of the characters but didn't really care because of the horror. There is a lot of ways to dispatch enemies besides shooting them and there is many ways you will die."
76561198204055520,Recommended,268050,14247857,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,SnowWalker,"I absolutely loved this game, and I get everything about the game. It's a world created in the mind of an insane, vengeful villain and so the comments about that some it doesn't make sense are wrong. The more it doesn't make sense, the more it does make sense. Of course it isn't over yet and Ruvik isn't dead and so I eagerly await the sequel."
76561198000828144,Recommended,268050,13533262,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,xNIGHTWINGx89,good game so far!
,Recommended,268050,14269104,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Working Joe,"This IS a freakin' MORBID game.NOTE: Sometimes running away is the best strategyMYTH CONFIRMEDSuch a shame, but I have never died so many times in a video game EVER, like in this one (108 deaths in ~20 hours of gameplay).I have started this game about a week ago, with survival (!) difficulty.I never thought it will be challenging like this.I have never seen so many traps, freakin' creatures and so f**cked up (in positive term) atmosphere anywhere before.First, I have to admit, that I'm a big Dead Space fan. So, if you liked that, you'll be in love with this one as well.Why?Because you'll get things like:- In-game collectable items.- Items can be used for skillset upgrade (weapons, abilities & more).- The environments, places are very well designed (underground, hotel, hospital, catacombs, factory, village, etc.)- The whole game is very demanding.- Exciting storyline.- The in game soundtracks are appropriate for the moods based on the actual level.- Mysterious details & almost tactile background & general sounds.I have took this product as a survival horror - action game combo. Indeed it is.Okay, let's face w/ the pros & contras:(+)The developers did a great job on DETAILS.(+)Your life depends on your tactics & composure.(+)You will find yourself sweating on the keyboard.(+)The ambient sounds & the in game soundtracks are just gorgeous.(+)I love the graphics, the style and the in game system as well(+)The level design chew-dropping.(+)More & more challenge.(+)Since the Necromorphs from Dead Space, I haven't seen such greatly designed monsters that this game has.(-)You will die if you're not careful.(-)Sometimes the AI behaves stupidly & glitchy.(-)...And sometimes you'll have that feeling, that the developers just wanted to trolling in the deep (traps).(-)Hard to avoid traps, especially while you're on the run.(-)In some cases, FPS drops occurs.I am absolutely recommend this game. It was a great experience.If you want yourself to have a good fun & a horrified weekend, get this ASAP.Remember:YOU. WILL. SUFFER.Played on my Alienware 17 notebook @1600x900 resolution, with high settings at avg. 35 - 40 fps."
,Recommended,268050,14287527,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Klinbin,"What Resident Evil 4 should've been.I'm in agreeance with a combo of RE 4 n' Silent Hill, which are absolute loves of mine.It's a more survival-based Resident Evil.And I love the letterbox. Forced perspective. Everthing is framed for the letterbox. Super cinematic.you can turn it off tho, ya fools."
,Recommended,268050,19682355,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,DMINATOR,"I have mixed feelings about this game. I could put either recommend or not. Managed to finish this game in about 20 hours, it is not scary at all. Pretty much blood and gore type entertainment.Pros:+ Good graphics+ Excellent map design+ Nice variety of weapons, bosses and gameplay elements+ New Game+ sounds fun, RPG ? Time to pay back to all those zombies I've run away from....Cons:- Story. I've read through most of the notes, but could barely figure out what is going on. And when I did, it still didn't make much sense anyway- Not scary, the game is trying to be scary, but fails most of the time.- Annoying boss fights, pretty much entire game is just boss fights, can't say they are hard by itself, just mostly annoying.Bottom line, If you like gory, boss fights with a difficulty chart that can be pushed all the way to unbeatable, this game is for you."
,Recommended,268050,15325801,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,NAZI,Лучший Хоррор Срвайвэл за последние 5 лет!
,Recommended,268050,15334887,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Cooper,"So here we go. A review.What would I say about this game? Is it good? Yes, its very good, visually pleasing and an interesting story. But I feel the game lacked something, this games biggest flaw is the lack of Survival horror! Coming from the maker of the original Resident Evil I expected far more from this game and playing it left me with a bad taste. Through out the game I couldn't help but compare it to the Resident Evil games, both the early games in the franchise and the latter. This game follows a very basic formula that soon became boring and trying, there would be areas where you had to partake in a puzzle this would then activate monsters, monster come, you kill them, you move on to the next area kill some more monsters another puzzle and then a boss..... I felt that this was the constant life of the game having to do the same things over and over just with a few slight changes, it was this pattern that for me killed the aspect of Survival horror and made it feel much more like a normal third person shooter. It got to the point where I didn't want to keep playing, so I stopped and haven't played it since. This to me is a massive shame, I felt like this game would be a return to form for the Survival horror genre but alas I was wrong.Don't get me wrong there is plenty of things to like about this game! Nice visuals, interesting storyline, a well written bad guy (Although full cheese), pretty good voice acting and a fairly decent PC port (60FPS on high dips to 50FPS now and again. See my profile info for my PC build). The areas in where the action takes place are at times very linear, but every now and again you get a bright light at the end of the linear hallway where the game opens up to the player....this is where the game really shines giving you the chance to explore the beautiful and yet horrific scenes and areas made for the game. But for me these areas were to far apart making the game inbetween these sections feel tedious.I could say a lot more but ill keep it short and wrap it up now....Would I recommend this game? Yes, I would. But from my experience this isn't the Survival horror game I was expecting the game feels like a mix of both Resident Evil 4&5 combining the best from both games making it feel much more like an average third person shooter but with horrible monsters trying to eat your toes."
76561197978306182,Recommended,268050,15405634,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Kane,"If you like Resident Evil 4, then you will probably like this. It's frustrating on occasion, but the action, horror, and atmosphere are great. Again, some very similar themes from Resident Evil. Worth playing for sure."
,Recommended,268050,16371958,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tezslah,"Old school survival horror, me like!"
76561198030200020,Recommended,268050,16375886,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sheik Yerbouti,"Nine years after the release of Resident Evil 4 - the last Resident Evil game which Shinji Mikami, the creative mind behind the early games in the series, directed - The Evil Within was released. The game is in many ways a rehash of RE4, and in some ways brings a new approach to the survival horror genre. While true survival sequences are few - though they're definitely present - TEW felt much more tense to me than RE4, by far its closest comparison, did - probably mostly because of the more significant scarcity of ammo. There's no truly new territory compared to the RE series here, other than the setting, but the characters are a bit more interesting - particularly the villain.I recommend the game for anyone who likes the idea of an action-horror game with a bit of suspense. If you played and enjoyed RE4, this one's worth picking up, since it feels more like a spiritual successor to RE4 than any of the subsequent games in the RE series."
76561198118999316,Recommended,268050,16226016,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Monte_Fisto,"While this game is a tad formulaic, there were certain points within it when I though I may need a change of underwear. Luckily, I wasn’t wearing any and my sofa is wipe clean."
76561198023383968,Recommended,268050,16405305,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,t3hrazor ✯,"♥♥♥♥ing Scary... highly recommended if you want a heartattack, just like outlast in a way"
,Not Recommended,268050,14821922,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,DreamFox_1766,"This game need to be renamed bullet famine 3.0. The games only real challenge is the complete lack of ammo thought the game leading to long and tedious boss. Also I really don't know why they even have a health system most boss or special enemies kill you with one hit so you tend to not even care about health pickups or upgrades. Next you think with ammo so scarce you have a strong melee, Well forget it. It take somewhere between 8 and 9 fully upgraded  melee attacks to kill a standard monster and all bosses will simply eat you if you get that close.Given these mechanic flaws, This game was almost not worth playing.However the story was nice.... but hard to focus on it with the constant click click of an empty clip.I give it a 4/10"
,Recommended,268050,14824026,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Crunchy,"So the assignment dlc, it's interesting to say the least. But it's just too short, during my gameplay it literally only took me 2 hrs to complete it, including the cutscences. Ten dollars is too much for this, and im sure someone can probably complete this in less than 1hr if they skip the cutscenes also its not even that difficult. The price should have been at minimum $5.00 or less cause this dlc doesnt really off much except utilizing the stealth gameplay that the main game barely offered."
,Recommended,268050,14824890,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,PatrickChan,"Not exactly scary, but the overall presentation and flow of the game make it well worth the price of entry. One of the most cohesive looking games I've seen in a while, the game oozes style in its presentation, and takes advantage of some truly fantastic narrative and cinematography techniques. The story seems rather shallow at first glance, and it really kind of is, but there is quite a bit of mystery and speculation to be had if you look close enough. The best comparison I can think of is Inception, although presented much more incompetently. The gameplay works rather well, however the emphasis on combat and lack of any kind of alternative when out of ammo makes some encounters near impossible, and may force you to use exploits or janky strategies to win. Think RE4, with hardly any ammo and no melee finishers/combos. The ammo thing is a real shame, because when you have a load of ammo, the game flows really nicely, but that's hardly ever the case. Really it seems like a misunderstanding of the Survival Horror genre, like low ammo MUST mean Survival Horror, which wouldn't be a bad thing if enemies could be avoided or skipped as in the Classic Resident Evil games.Overall a decent game, and a MUST PLAY for fans of the genre and Film."
76561198034821193,Not Recommended,268050,14845859,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ronnie Pickering,"This isnt a game, its an interactive film which lacks imagination, depth and the most frustrating outdated controls and camera angles circa res evil 1 on ps1, nothing new or original just nice graphics, which would be fine if it were still 1990s but this is 2015 and this aint good enough.If you do buy it, because of the enormous hype from the usual media ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t pr machine, or out of interest like me get it on sale and dont pay more than a tenner.Dont believe the hype from the fanboys and steam reviews. If you leave comments reviewing my review, then ill be forced to review your review on my review, wan*ers......"
,Recommended,268050,14863712,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Frank Bumstead,"(Very Very minor spoilers on mechanics and good bosses (just saying how they are different)I have to say I was really on the fence with this game.  I jump at survival horor, or any game that has something that makes me play it with the lights off and headphones on like a vampire.  The reason I was on the fence was that I had heard performance was an issue.  While the ""cinematic"" bars can be removed, 60 fps is ""allowed"" and other things have been done.... this game is still a discgrace as far as a port.  Its so sad to because holy crap does it have some awsome moments.It really does not matter how good your system is you will have a very hard time running the game at 1080p 60pfs consistantly.  Also if you are an Nvidia user do not use experience to optimzie this game.  It will lower game settings that have practically no impact on your FPS.  Its really the resolution.  I am able to get no lower than 30 and up to 50 in some areas so it will vary.This is what resident evil 5 should have been as one reviewer put it (in a negative way).  To that I say thank god.  While the plot is looking to be absolutely moronic unless something big happens, and the writing is painful at times the gameplay is solid.  It has a very interesting fire mechanic where burning downed enemies saves amunition or luring them to flamable objects can take out entire hoards.  The upgrade system is by the numbers, but the crossbolt system while not something new is a good adition.One thing that this game does well is give you a very odd safe haven that sometimes makes you never feel safe at all.  By far the most interesting character I want to know more about is the enigmatic nurse who helps me but seems almost bored with everything.Boss fights are extremely fun and each is unique in its own way.  You will die alot and one level that borderline reminded me of spencer masion scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.  It was not necessarily a boss fight but in this semingly easy tour like house every now and then you are menaced by a one hit kills teleporting..... ""I want the ♥♥♥♥ out"" best describes me playing that part.  Stuff is also randomized, I opened a door waiting for death to come at me only to see a perfectly normal room and it dawned on me he comes randomly at any point, nowhere is safe.If you can accept that 60fps will most likely not be possible at 1080p but are willing to go with 30 to 50 then I recommend getting it.  I am not sure if the demo which lets you play the first 3 chapters is still available but it is a great way to test your rig before a purchase.  Dont let the very first scene turn you off, its the most demanding in the game I think I went slightly below 30.There is no excuse for that, and it really is a shame that this came to PC in such a horid state.  They have done some things, but not enough.  If nothing in your graphics menu save resolution changes the FPS much then thats a bad thing.  There is no model, environment, or texture detail options.  Just shadow detail and aa and ssao, maybe 2 other things.  I mean WTF?  Also shadows at times look great, while at othertimes look like a bunch of grey and black cubes similar to GTA4.I love this game but hate the fact that put almost no effort into the port."
,Recommended,268050,14062199,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Exylem,"This game is awesome, and, in my opinion, the best game of 2014. Sure, it has some problems, but they are totally compensated by the huge amount of fun this game provides.However, it is quite expensive, considering i finished it in less than 10 hours.I recommend it and i will probably buy the season pass, i just think it should be longer."
,Recommended,268050,25557560,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Hipcola,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJztRnDxdM8
76561198086356848,Recommended,268050,25552081,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,The Jibril,"ini game bisa dikatakan sereeeeem gilaaaa.. bagi lu pencinta horror... wuajib beli..brasa main resident evil versi lawas, tapi dikemas modern, mantap wajib beli. Tapi saran gw mending pas diskon"
,Recommended,268050,25579836,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Slavic Psycho,"scary, grusome, awsome 10/10"
,Recommended,268050,25576953,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dinoraptorsaurus,"Easily my favorite Shunji Mikami game, The Evil Within is great. I would even go as far as to say it's in my top 5 games of all time."
,Recommended,268050,25711085,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kraftakall,Good game :)
,Recommended,268050,25727462,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Savage Salvador,This game is fairly scary and equally fun with a pretty interesting story but had no replay value after beating it for me since it no longer was scary after beating it once. 8.7/10
,Recommended,268050,25364596,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Roderick Rotvocht,"One of the most underrated games ever. The atmosphere is extremely dense; graphics are great; the game runs smooth (even back when I played it on a GTX 660); the AI functions very well (at least on 'Nightmare' difficuly); there are lots of ways to kill enemies (e.g. using weapons or leaving traps/bombs armed so that enemies may step upon them); sneaking is hard and satisfying, for the enemies can turn around at any moment whilst you are creeping up on them; weapons handle very realistically, and the scarcity of ammo in contrast with the often hard-to-kill enemies always forces you to deliberate concerning whether you should fight or flee, which adds a lot to the game's survival aspect. The vague storyline may not be to your liking (not necessarily my cup of tea either), but in my opinion this game is not very much in need of a gripping story, for the atmosphere is gripping enough as it is.9/10."
,Recommended,268050,25621006,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,KTFX,"Fantastic game from Shinji Mikami, you can think of it as the road not taken for Resident Evil.Awesome looking game, gameplay is great and the has plenty of intense moments for those into their horror.A damn solid title and a prime example of one that should have had a sequel by now.Sweeping Declaration: Better than Resident Evil 4.I'm going to hide now."
,Recommended,268050,25469017,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,makusu2,"Pros:Not ""shock horror""; few jumpscares.Terrifying.Good shooter mechanics.A LOT of variety in each level. It's long, but it is NOT repetitive, shooting things aside.They are SO GOOD at toying with you. There are many times when it's ""obvious"" that something's going to jump out, or that something is going to happen in a long corridor, but nothing does. These guys are amazing. If something happens, you won't see it coming.Cons:A lot of unanswered questions (possible DLC or TEW2).The wire traps can be VERY hard to see, and sometimes they activate when you don't touch them.Pretty difficult to keep track of who's who.You never know if you're able to kill bosses or not. I spent a LOT of time trying to figure out what I'm supposed to do in a boss fight, only to realize that it can die, and I just haven't been damaging it enough.The main character's level of intelligence really varies. Sometimes there's a plot point that's been obvious since chapter four, and the guy only realizes it in the last chapter.Overall:A fantastic horror game."
,Recommended,268050,25559749,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,NoahGotStyle,"This game is a lot of fun. You experience a lot♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is challenging, you get trading cards if you're a person like me that likes to level up on steam. And also you can take GREAT pictures on this game.... This is fantastic, breathtaking!"
,Recommended,268050,21266707,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Patxilol,A better Resident Evil than latest Resident Evils
,Recommended,268050,25723165,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MankySpanky,Great game 10/10 would play agian
76561198086747436,Recommended,268050,25966850,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MARINE588,"this game...hum what I can say, well, it's for sure beyond only the surival horror. it's also on psychological level horror and with a lot of jump scare which I hate them msotly. haha"
,Recommended,268050,26006578,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Al Gore,GRRRRRRRRRRRRREAT! - I don't understand why some people dislike this game.
,Recommended,268050,25994015,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Type_3050,"Amazing game with distinct artwork and monster designs. Gameplay rocks, although would be cooler if there were less weapons and more trapping devices. I really had my hopes up for an intuitive crafting system for trapping and killing enemies. That would've been the icing on the cake.9/10 though!"
76561198072397364,Recommended,268050,26586950,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kunakana,"This game is honestly one of the best horror games I've played to date, right next to Dead Space 1 and Resident Evil 4. With the amount of stress I've produced, I can power the entirety of Africa. 10/10 would kill Spider Lady Again"
,Recommended,268050,26617299,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,WazerGamesNow,This game is so much fun and so much scary and so much gross and so much fun! It will test your courage and patience. One of the best AAA horror game from Shinji Mikami. I've yet to finish this game 10/10!See my playthrough!
76561198117487640,Recommended,268050,26628424,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,chaotic monk,This game is one of the best and creepiest I have ever played I got it this year and the graphics still look up to speed even though it came out in 2014. All the way through the game it grips you with an amzing but confusing story line through out the looting aspect is perfect were it makes you think when u should shoot or just run away. If your looking for a new game to play I highly recomend it
,Recommended,268050,28468130,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Skanakys,"Reminded me RE series, but this one have deep story and great style. One negative thing is that controls are hard and gamepad is must have."
76561198026116438,Recommended,268050,28270308,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,virus,Great Game! Stoty is awsome! game is smooth!
,Recommended,268050,24908582,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short The Evil Within review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 15 hours on Survival (Normal) difficultyPlayed multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? Yes, extra weapons unlock upon completion and upgrades carry over to New Game+.Best part – The various traps and their mechanics are unique to The Evil Within and they provide a lot of interesting gameplay options. For example, you may come across a proximity mine rigged up to dynamite and think “Should I disable this now, or sneak by it and lure enemies back towards it, effectively turning their own traps against them?”Worst part – The first couple of hours are very hard going and I found the game as a whole difficult to get into. However, once you start getting some new weapons and some upgrades for your existing weapons, the game becomes a lot more enjoyable."
,Recommended,268050,20927834,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Fextur,"In the overall, it's really good game.It has a great moments and the story was pretty good.With it, the story is feeling a little bit boring to me and the gameplay had some boring parts.The puzzles was pretty good and I really liked them.I loved this game more in the gameplay part then the story part which to me lower the horror in the game.So, in the overall I will reccomend it for its gameplay."
76561197970747802,Recommended,268050,20910658,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Wharfage,"the game is great, but you pay for a season pass and only get a few more maps or content, this is with all games, season pass i think is bull....."
,Recommended,268050,20876748,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Takua343,"Some of the best survival horror goodness in years. The story very much has people split, but as far as I'm concerned that means it did its job. It's hard to say why without spoiling it, but it all comes together quite well in a way that definitely won't appeal to some people. Back to the subject of the gameplay itself, think Resident Evil 4 levels of goodness but with a severe ammo count, which does make it more tense, as now every shot has to count, but I would say this is more holding the game back than anything else. Sure, theres a stealth element to it, but some encounters are straight up not made to be stealthed, and being stuck in those situations with only your fists to protect you is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I'm also not a fan of the upgrade system, since its so obviously tacked on just to be contemporary. However, those complaints are relatively minor, Evil Within is a great game"
76561198108031310,Recommended,268050,20867321,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"I have been a fan of Resident Evil 4 for a long time. This game reminds me of that game alot. It has the same environmental feel, and the combat is very reminicent as well. That being said, as good as this game is in the beginning, it falls short toward the end game. I felt like the end was rushed and very complicated and boring. It is still a solid game though, and should not be missed if youre a fan of horror actin games. 7/10"
,Recommended,268050,16237599,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,GodlyPoop,"This game is pretty cool and creepy in terms of story mode feels like resident evil 4 when you play it. I hate games that use those film grains and annoying black bars but lucky they gave you console commands to switch it. You'll get your money worth out of this game. I turn god mode on and everything and it took Hours to complete and i was kinda rushing through it. If you do cheat, on a ncp your protecting you should take your crossbar and stick him with exsplosive arrows to protect him, it works and you also the glowing arrows you stuck him with in cut scenes too its funny as hell."
76561198243467926,Recommended,268050,20780072,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,RiceShogun,I finally Beat it woohooo!!.it took me 17hrs in total. It is also time to give this game a review from my very own experience playing this.- T.E.W is NOT EASY!- You will Die at least 10times in every chapter until you figure out a way.- it makes you think.-you will be chased by  A LOT of F'ked up look'n creatures-Lots of Bright lights *Warning* (do not Stare at the screen)-its a lot more scarier playing it when your High-Great Characters-Great voice Acting-Creepy Story line-Lots of Blood.....-Headshot Shooting ability is an Asset.Overall id give this game a 7.5/10 and would recommend this game to anyone who likes Horror game.
76561198046431799,Recommended,268050,20768094,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dunfielder,For all the survival horror lovers out there get this game!Great game!  Hard as hell but who doesnt like a challenge.The black bars don't bother me but they may some. Graphics are pretty freaking sweet.Be prepared to pull out half your hair redoing sections as I said even on survival it's pretty tough.I am a survival horror fan and I certainly enjoyed this title always low on ammo and exploring everywhere for more precious bullets or green gel.  Stealth is nessesary in some areas and pointless in others but it works.Never made me poop my pants but was creepy in its own twisted way.overall if you liked resident evil 4 you'll love this one
,Recommended,268050,20887829,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Redpilljunkie,"This is the Resident Evil fans have been waiting for since Resident Evil 4! It has this kinda retro feeling from the late 90's in its game mechanics but still. I think Shinji Mikami is one of the very few japanese game developers that are able to bring a classic to the modern days without making the game feel old, blocky, frustrating and/or boring.The Evil Within is survival horror in its more pure form!"
,Recommended,268050,20955964,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,DiverseDrip,"Although it may not have been very strait forward a lot of the time, I really enjoyed and appreciated the unique story in this game, it was fun to try and connect the pieces and fill in the blanks myself with the little info given here and there. I also loved how every chapter had a different theme and enviroment. Although this game provides maybe a couple jump scares, some creepy places, and a few nerve-racking chases/boss battles, it's more of a horror-themed action kind of game."
,Recommended,268050,30687857,Posted: 23 March,all,Hudaman,"Somewhat linear game.  Good horror atmosphere.  As the game goes on I find myself wanting it to be more linear so I can finish it quicker.  Still haven't had the urge to finish it. I am in Ch. 12 or something like that.  For the price though,  $5, its worth it."
,Recommended,268050,21126995,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,xdemonicbeautyx,"I love this game! I've always loved to play a good horror game, and this game had pretty much everything I want to see in a horror game. It has the gore, survival, and action. It's also heart stopping at time and will have you jumping out of you seat. Which is something I love to see in a horror, but the ending to this game could have been a little bet better. I would have loved to see more of a better boss fight. I honestly felt like the game did more for me at the end then I did for myself. Maybe it's just me, but in Silent Hill games the boss fight are challenging and this didn't feel like that. Overall this game is amazing. It's worth the time and money. I honestly would love to see a second game."
76561198095974015,Recommended,268050,22062381,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Munken fra saturn,"great game, nothing more nothing less. Had all the things a good horror game needs, ecpecially the story, which really got my attention.  the graphics are just on point and the gameplay made me die more then enough times.  but with that said i fully recommend this game to all who loves a good and scary horror game <3 :3"
76561198296923113,Recommended,268050,30734401,Posted: 25 March,all,AzzaPinch,"This game reminds me alot of Silent Hill: Homecoming. There is alot of things that are similar, such as the opening of the doors, the choice of weapons (although there are more in this), the look of the character and the scenary. Despite those features i think this game has good visuals and a interesting but complicated story."
,Recommended,268050,22467208,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Underwhelmed,"This game doesn't seem to know what it is. Is it stealth-action-Lovecraft? Is it Resident Evil 4? Is it Operation Wolf? Silent Hill? Maybe that is the terrible secret that drove half the development team mad (true story)Despite all the ups and downs it is still a good, if at times frustrating game. The stealth or die section at the beginning is particularly aggravating, but persevere and you have a pretty decent Action Stealth Rail-Shooter, Survival Horror thing to keep you up a few nights."
,Recommended,268050,22499840,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,ZyphyrX,"This game is good, but many people complains about it is the poor optimisation. I can play the game smoothly at maxed settings with my GTX 960M laptop graphic card. The game does gave me some chill moment due to creepiness of this game. The environment of this game can be said disturbing. I'm enjoying this game because almost all the games I've played is horor game and a large amount of blood can be seen almost everywhere. So beware for those who doesn't enjoying seeing blood everywhere, just like one of my friend, doesn't like this game at all..."
,Recommended,268050,22463527,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,apophis13,"Total Score:  62, C (Only a little crazy.)Graphics and Art:  9Sound and Music:  8Story and Plot:  5Controls:  5Creativity and Uniqueness:  2Mood and Immersion:  7Length, Content, and Replayability:  9Functionality:  5Character Choice and Customization:  5Challenge:  7They say that repetive action is a sign of insanity.  This game has lots of that.  Repetitive action or insanity, you say?  Yes!  OK, so, this being a very, very obvious console game, I'll cover the elephants in the room up front.  Silly camera tricks?  Only once or twice...not enough to even notice.  Silly save game tricks?  Oh, yes, yes indeed!  They're all about it.  It really detracts from the functionality, in fact.  Other than that, it plays much like a clunky version of Dead Space.  In fact, while I generally, moderately enjoyed this game, nothing in it is original.  It's as though they took every console trope and nailed them together into a giant bloody ball of game organs.  The characters are neither interesting nor sympathetic.  The plot is tired and predictable, and the game is basically on a themepark rail for much of the time.  And, then, there are some genuinely enjoyable parts, such as when you get to decide what fun toys to use to get past enemies or avoid them altogether.  There are parts of this game where you are required to run and parts where you are required to fight.  It would have been much, much better if you could complete each section by doing either.  That would have provided some depth and originality.  Would have.  The combat system has potential too, in it's kind of slow awkwardness, and this would provide a genuinely special experience, but that totally goes downhill as well.  The mood, graphics, and sound are all technically very good while being ultimately uninspired.  But, in the end, it just lacks the creative genius that would really push it over the edge.  It has some cool sequences, but they feel shallow, and the action detracts from the overall feel of the game.  This is, ultimtely, a neither particularly good nor particularly terrible game.  I'm recommending it, but just barely.  There are definitely parts that will make you feel crazy - that's for sure."
76561198096742032,Recommended,268050,22624732,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,senkiasenswe,"The game is fun, it isn't to be taken very seriously and can't be paired with games like the original Silent Hill/RE games that jump started the genre, but this is a step in the right direction. In a market saturated with bang-bang-shoot-'em-up titles, the creators attempted to bridge the gap by forcing combat to be a ""pick your shots"" style. Camera controls suck, plain and simple. The world created is enjoyable though. Although on the surface, it appears they use copious amounts of blood to cover up a lack of originality, it becomes apparent that the overuse is intentional after you are introduced to some of the later levels. My adrenal systems have been tested a few times, and I've marveled at the groteque abominations the gamemakers designed more than once. Great game for 15-25 bucks, aka 1.5-2.5 hours of working to afford."
76561198084984043,Recommended,268050,13767957,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ishiki,"Really Good Horror Game.Story takes a while to get put to gether. But it's excellent and underrated.The game controls fine. It doesn't control like a twitch shooter, and controls similar to the resident evils.The guns that people say are inaccurate can be upgraded. (IE it starts out with 5 degree range of accuracy.9/10"
,Recommended,268050,13501372,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Scott basilisk,"if you love shooting game and little bit easy puzzle, blood splashing.if you never care about No reson story line,common dialog and a lot of huge glith.and more important...if you use Hi-ENd pc.you will happy to play this gameone thing i hate about this game......the woman long black hair will grab you and you die.good luck."
,Recommended,268050,21439070,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Barrel Casket,"While I apreciate the begining sections of the game to add to the creepy factor, most of the horror goes out the window after you hit chapter 2. Of course there are a few things here or there that can add suspense (especially those with hydrophobia), but overall it's more of a 3rd person action game. The Puzzles are not very difficult, and the hardest mode (one hit kill on you and no ammo) is really the way it should be played.If you enjoyed Resident Evil 4, I would suggest The Evil Within as well. It's a decent game, good soundtrack adds to some sections a bit.Also the fact that you can straight up miss weapons always makes me laugh at those who don't explore.I would give the Evil within a 7/10. It's an average game, more atmosphere would have been nicer. Also if the ""twist"" in the game wasn't so obvious almost up front would have been nice too."
76561198089273605,Recommended,268050,25299180,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Mvp023,"This is a great game.  It's extremely creepy and has a sense of dread within it.  It makes you look around every corner before venturing forth.  It makes you dread hearing the noise of an enemy nearby.  It makes you make a decision of how you're going to proceed before you realize you're already creeping forward with caution.  Should you try to sneak kill the enemies around the corner?  Is it worth it to shoot them dead?  After every encounter, you know you have some sort of downtime, and you want to jump for joy, but it still keeps you on edge with its atmospheric music and the noises the environments so brilliantly use.  Some people compare this to Resident Evil 4, but it's nothing like it.  This is a game where you make decisions based on how much ammo you may have (or not have) and want to risk using that precious bullet.  Also, it's gory.  Very gory.  Not for children under the age of 30.  The end."
76561198041365417,Recommended,268050,24558088,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,capueraman,"I mainly play in stereoscopic 3D so this rating is largely based on that aspect:The environment and effects render perfectly and overall game runs/plays very smooth, this alone makes it a must try in my book. I know these factors can vary by PC build, so they have a demo available if you want to test your setup.From a gameplay point of view, I would honestly consider the game more of an action genre than a suspense. For example; I would compare it to a creepier version of resident evil than to something like Silent Hill. I also like the fact that it has simple enough controls, accurate aiming is dam-near-impossible in 3D so the auto-lock feature makes the game actually playable.As for the actual story, it’s not too bad this far in but honestly the 3D immersion adds to a lot of it, I tend to get sucked into the story easier and can play for hours at a time before the wife gets mad.Overall 10-10 for a stereoscopic 3D experience!"
,Recommended,268050,25276092,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Mad Notes,"Awesome game, I don't usually get into horror games cause I don't like being shocked, but this one delivers scares and horror and intensity without having to rely on things jumping out at you everywhere. The gameplay is amazing, like any other Bethesda game, not repetitive, and giving you just the resources you need to survive, forcing you to get a little creative. Story was the a little convoluted, but the gameplay is so intriuging you're worried about everything but the story."
,Recommended,268050,14041613,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Oblivion2500,"Awesome Survival Horror Game! The gameplay is very challenging and fun. A must have for survival horror fans or those looking for a challenge.As far as technical stuff goes, the graphics is pretty decent and gritty. The game has been updated a while ago with a 3.4gb patch that fixes all the fps problems. I get 60fps maxed out settings with no problems on my desktop (gtx 770 2gb). On my laptop with the 750m 2gb, I can run it at low (720p) at 30fps, which is good enough for my cheap gaming laptop."
,Recommended,268050,24772070,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Hjalmar,Good game great pacing fun all the way through
76561198038742356,Recommended,268050,24419055,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Enigma88,"So far, I am enjoying Shinji Makami's latest entry into the Survival Horror genre. A good combination of stealth or 'guns blazing' options in-game, mixed with hiding places and trap switches you can use to mix up your gameplay as well.These are options that his other works were lacking, not to say his other works aren't good, but these other options help to increase replay value.The upgrading system is also legit, whether it be upgrading your actual characters ability, weaponry or capacity options, it's all there to build your ideal experience.Three different campaigns, with the original campaign following Sebastion and (DLC) the 2nd installment following Juli Kidman (The Assignment & Consequence) and the last following the story of The Keeper, offers a great amount of gameplay for the money. Highly Recommend."
76561198031946260,Recommended,268050,24652907,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Ambulance for :,"The Evil Within is a good game , a lot of work on the visuals and a story wich allows the game to have crazy change of scenarios , unexpected and creepy moments, suspense and the chance of chosing to shoot your way through or playing on stealth mode .I find as a negative point and even sometimes VERY frustating the short sprint ... is Absurd the fact that our hero can't run more than 4 seconds and then need to FULLY STOP with not chance of doing anything and start looking at the floor and take some second to recover the lost energy, all this while hordes of various enemies are running behind you to kill you in several creative ways  . Seriously even me when I was in the school I was able to run longer withour such absurd break ( believe me I was really fat at highschool )I have to admit that many times my horror jumps and desperation moment came from running out of stamina...NOTE : you can extend the time of the sprint but not much and still very little in my opinion , considering the game has a lot of moment here you have to run or escape from the enemy .RESUME : if you are patient with not easy controls and the short sprint , The Evil Within is a nice horror experience to try .  I DEFINATELY advice getting the game on sale and also the DLC  because they make story richer ."
76561198311859392,Recommended,268050,24809183,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,verunmalhotra,"This was one game I badly wanted to play since I saw its gameplay trailers on youtube. I am a big fan of resident evil, but don't get me wrong, the sequels of resident evils are just limiting themselves to finding guns and solving puzzles. This game is a bit different. You can hide, sneak up to the monster, distract it or just run past. Also, the player can fatigue out if you run too fast and that is what makes it a bit more challenging than Resident Evil series. I loved Resident Evil 6 inspite of all the news floating around that it is too dark. It is not. You just need to get the darkness settings right. And i love Evil within as well. It keeps you guessing. The graphics are brilliant. What I don't like is the character movement. While walking or running or sneaking past, it is fine. But sometimes, it tends to jogs around. It is not smooth like resident evil series when the player jogs like that. But it does not hassle me enough since the game is brilliant in other departments. Somehow this game reminds me of my all time favorite ""Resident evil 4"". And yes, it is not as scary as outlast or alien isolation but it does gets you moving at times. I will not compare this game to Resident evil 6. That would be unfair to both the games. I love both."
,Recommended,268050,27148495,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chaoticum,"Psychedelic horror game. Amazing monsters, fun gameplay, great story, lots of upgrades and achievements. Mix of action, crazy survival, slow sneaking and planning with traps. One of the best games in genre of 3rd person survival shooter I've played. And I'd love to see more of this, so hopefully The Evil Within 2 will be coming soon."
76561198040646101,Recommended,268050,21348595,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Asdfasd,"Are you ready for a terrifying adventure with the worst monster of them all; Sebastian Castellanos? Take axes to the face and be lit on fire, only to walk it off like the true evil you are. Unless you are playing on the hardest difficulty where looking the wrong way will force you to explode you to pieces. This game is very reminiscent of Resident Evil 4 but with more focus towards action and more refined shooting mechanics. This game follows alot of the classic horror tropes and is plenty of fun to play. The game provides alot of options for dealing with enemies so get creative. The DLC, although doesn't add much, offers some juicy bits to the story and some fresh unique gameplay. The game has the potential to rip you off with cheap deaths but it doesn't detract from the experience. Overall the game is plenty of fun. The horror element is subjective though. I jump pretty easily so I found the game rather scary but I do think that most people will be jumping as well. Beware of input delay on PC too?Pros:- Very fun, scary experience- Unique ways to play levels and deal with enemies- Interesting storyCons:- Cheap deaths at times- Controls well, but some areas are awkard. When next to switches, you may perform the wrong action.- Input delay on PC? (not sure if it is just me, but it seems to be a unanmous problem. 60fps vsync helps)Notes:- Chapter 6 Akumu mode... have fun!"
76561198023783764,Recommended,268050,27017480,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Master Blaster,Spooky game.
,Recommended,268050,27087258,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rose,"This game is great, but the port isnt too great."
76561198117190210,Recommended,268050,27034326,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gunslinger_|_,"Good game, full blood and gore, scary at some points.ofcourse this game deserves a scary award or something."
,Recommended,268050,27046335,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Antimony,I like it.
76561197960947385,Recommended,268050,22315405,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Quick$hot,"I freakin love this game. Bosses scare the crap outta me and makes me feel uneasy. Definitely 10/10. The story is unique, the gameplay is fun, the DLCs are awesome, and if you want some good challenges, play Akumu mode (main) if you hate yourself, and Kurayami mode (Assignment / Consequence) if you want to scare yourself more xD"
,Recommended,268050,19517126,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,JDI,"Imagine a world you thought you knew was safe....until you've played this game. Kept me on edge at all times and just when I thought I had reached a saving point, I was dead wrong. The Evil Within composes of incredible cutscenes and fantastic gruesome environment be it the death scene or some cheeky undead fellow following you around the hallway trying to disfigure you as much as they did to him. With every weapons uncovered along the chapters and interesting weapon upgrades, the game brings about the deep darkness of a person's mind and twist it with love from jealousy and pain.The only thing it's lacking are good character introductions, more enemy varieties, more weapon advancement and longer storyline. The only character known is the main character but the others are just some lackey that follows you around in some chapters and never to be seen again, whether there are MIA or well....... dead. While the enemies you face are plenty and has unique body effects but most of them are quite repetitive. The story could have been longer, by introducing the other side characters more and would probably get better with more weapon upgrades. Since after several play throughs, after maxing out all my weapon upgrades, the enemies still pose a threat no matter the difficulty level and certain weapon ammunition can't be found throughout the game. Although with the chainsaw and the bloody death scenes, The Evil Within still gives a good vinyl music added to the background to at least make it more terrifying.I would recommend to play with headphones since the environmental background music can affect your intensity level. The Evil Within still captivates me with conspiracy, action-pack and awesome upgrades throughout the entire game and deserves to be played a second or third playthrough. Overall, if you love resident evil games or the movie SAW, then this game might just be your cup of tea.Overall: 8.5/10Pros:*Fantastic grahics and good sound effects*Awesome storyline*Good musicCons:*Stories are too short*Need more variety of enemies*Need more weapon upgrades*Updated 25/11/2016- Please make this into VR I would buy the edition of the game"
76561198305596379,Recommended,268050,26712019,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,nicolascurti1989,Great game but doesn't run good low speed and stuff
76561198072225813,Recommended,268050,26330684,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,pcspe,Great horror game... Same feeling as playing Resident Evil for the fist time.
,Recommended,268050,26098810,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Split Soul,This game made me carry matches for a long time. Just in case..
76561198263025050,Recommended,268050,26969722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,acfinkle,Good follow up to resident evil 4.  wish they made more.
76561198139044368,Recommended,268050,27012421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,I'm not here to fuck spiders,Any game where you fight a big ♥♥♥♥♥♥d spider monster that spits larvae at you is good in my book.
76561198052784288,Recommended,268050,28299074,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,rosickness12,You can tell this was made by one of the leads for Resident Evil.  It's been a while since I enjoyed a game like this.  Challenging on hardest difficulty.  Had to take it down a notch.  Good controls.  Good visual and audio effects.  Recommend.
,Recommended,268050,28395978,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Theanine,"The Evil Within feels a lot like a successor to RE4, but it also differs from RE4 in many ways. For starters, TEW feels more like an actual horror game, due to the addition of stealth as a major gameplay element. Although both games have combat, TEW doesn't focus on it as much, and actively punishes you if you rely on it too much yourself.Overall I have to say The Evil Within is definitely a must-play for any horror fan. It's not without its flaws, however. Off the top of my head... There are lots of forced walking moments. The main villain has an anime villain design that is hard to take seriously. The story is presented in a very disjointed manner and makes NO sense unless you play the Kidman DLCs (The Assignment and The Consequence). If story is very important to you don't bother buying this game unless you get those DLCs too. I personally still had fun with the main game regardless of how stupid the story was though.Play this game for the gameplay. It's fun, and it's got some really memorable mind-blowing environments and set pieces. However, if you absolutely can't stand stealth gameplay and having to play hide-and-seek from enemies, stay very, very far away. You will spend a good chunk of time doing that in The Evil Within."
,Recommended,268050,28488361,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KerriGan,"Played 30 hours before finishing the game.Well, there are DLCs but I just want to get rid of the game for now.I nearly couldn't keep going in chapter 9.(Well, I used god mod to get through it.Shame.)It is universally acknowledged that Shinji Mikami is a genius of horror survival game. This one has absolutely prove it.It is excelent in these years that are lacking of a good horror and TPS game, a real horror game,comparing with Resident Evil 6.Take a breath and I'll play the DLCs. Looking forward to The Evil Within 2."
,Recommended,268050,28197654,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,fiifreya,"I loooove this game!! The storyline, Character concept, gameplay, music ,BGM and ndgraphic are awesome!I recommend you to play this game😆😆"
,Recommended,268050,28342718,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Johnny Skullcap,"Just replayed through this game for the second time.  It is an excellent game, though the story might take a second play through until you understand it all.8.dink/10""Would hump a giant brain again."""
76561197978273353,Recommended,268050,27344598,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Marhados,1
,Recommended,268050,27421133,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WolfCain,my hearth can't take it
,Recommended,268050,27719670,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Defago,Pros:- Horror and Gore- Conservative ammo play style- Fun gameplay and combat- Some puzzles- Challenging difficultyCons:- Too many 1 hit KO bosses- The story is just on par- Forgetable characters
,Recommended,268050,27643229,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,David0vić,"The Evil Within is probably one of the weirdest games I have ever played. The story is stupid and makes no sense at all but it creates these opportunities to go crazy with the art and level design. The story is very convoluted and hard to follow and eventually about half way through the game I pretty much gave up on the story because the was no plot progression at all and these characters are all very lifeless and have no personality. If the game had interesting characters I myself might have been interested to get invested in the story and the situation. I was very grateful to be given the option to remove the 30fps cap, the letterbox and the film grain it helped make the game a lot better. I enjoyed the game overall it just drags on at times and some chapter are better than others. The game wasn’t scary at all which is perfectly fine I wasn’t going into the game to be scared I was expecting a Resident Evil 4 kind of experience and that is exactly what I got (a much inferior version of Re4 but still good).7/10 (Good)"
,Recommended,268050,27926462,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chirulito,"Great game 9.5/10 Not the typical jumpscare game, a trully gem!"
,Recommended,268050,28534438,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ChickenMan,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ed up. It's like a modern refined Resident Evil 4 which is unsurprising because Shinji Mikami is the director of The Evil Within. If you like a mix of survival horror and third person shooter, this game is for you."
76561198301475043,Recommended,268050,28034027,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,X.a.cute,this is the best game ever while i am play....
,Recommended,268050,28021561,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SatanicMushroom,The story was orginal! the graphics were great! The envirment was beautifully constructed! Only draw back is your computer needs alot of power!
76561198017512483,Recommended,268050,28020319,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Max,Creepy as hell. Though I wish that the protagonist is more verbal when he sees disgusting things. Love the agony crossbow!
76561197994359141,Recommended,268050,28017061,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,meek_91,A great horror game that took me back to the old Resident Evil days. One of the more unique horror game stories out there. Would hightly recomend.
76561198027417010,Recommended,268050,26993978,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RSG,This game will blow your mind...A very good survival horror game with modern graphics. You will spend some hours playing cause you always want to know what comes next. Totally recommended... 10/10
,Recommended,268050,27021904,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jynx,"I love this game.Pros: Its got a good balance of action, creepiness, and confusion that create the ""visceral"" horror experience the devs were trying to achieve.Cons: Its really pretty poorly optimized for mouse and keyboard."
76561198046990789,Recommended,268050,28125679,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,L_K,"Shinji Mikami, the creator of Resident Evil, the father of survival horror games, returns to give us Resident Evil 4.5 AKA The Evil Within (TEW). The only problem is that it’s 10 years too late and frankly feels outdated.I was hoping for a return of an open central setting like Resident Evil’s mansion or police station, or Silent Hill 1 and 2’s towns. Instead, TEW is chapter based, simply moving from point A to point B for the progression of a vague storyline that could have been told in a much more impactful or engaging way. The story is actually fairly decent once you read up on it, but it’s just so poorly done as you’re playing the game.Survival horror? I guess so, if you consider chase sequences, dark environments, clunky controls, jump scare attempts, random camera switches, and cheap deaths as survival horror.You will also need the DLCs to fill in a ton of plot holes in the already Swiss cheese storyline. In the DLC you play as Juli Kidman, as she does the damsel in distress playthrough of the game. Seriously Juli, did you really wear high heels as you cosplay a detective? With almost no offensive capabilities, Juli’s playthrough is supposed to be “pure” survival horror, but it was just the longest and most annoying 4 chapters of the game.Usually in RE games, there is a way to get unlimited ammo or a mercenary mode (for the ish and giggles), but in TEW there’s none of that. This severely cripples the replay value. Also, why can’t I play the game on Hard without unlocking it? I hate it when games do this. Akumu (1 hit death) mode should be locked, not Hard.Overall, if you enjoy RE4, you’ll most likely tolerate this game as I did. By the way, RE4 is a masterpiece of a game when it came out and is still better than a lot of games out these days. However, TEW just fell a little flat.Personally, the Evil Within bundle with the DLCs is worth maybe $10. I would say $7 would be more accurate, but I don’t think the bundle would be $7 anytime soon. (I paid more than $10)"
76561197974724346,Recommended,268050,28158096,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,neo,"O.M.G.  Demented and sick person made this game.  A person like me.  Thank you.  Long, challenging, fun game that draws you ... into the light ... is this my hand typing?!  I... I ... don't know anymore.  It's him... must get out... must get out...You can tell influence from old RE and Silent Hill.  This game is brutal and unforgiving, 1 wrong move = grotesque death; like lets say even if the small cockroach killed you, they would zoom all the way in and show it's jaws ripping your flesh apart lol; takes some psychological stamina to finish this game.To all of you who abandoned it - you don't have what it takes!  On a friendlier note - sure the learning curve is humongous for this one, but - you can do it!  And then don't blame me for not wanting to stop playing it.  Just don't stop sharpening your axe over it, its not worth it.  Or is it?Use matches.  Knock one down, wait for others to come - ignite downed one at the right moment.  Puff - giant torch... shhh.... stop screaming, you disfigured mongroloidal ... post human thing being type thing - just stop hurting me."
76561198125948314,Recommended,268050,27610978,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,asidman1,"I use to have this game on my PS4 when it first released and hated the choppy frame rate so I sold it and plus the game was getting harder. Now I saw this game for 6 dollars and said to myself lets see if the performance is better on my older PC with an i7 3770k and 8gb of DDR3 and even with a OC GTX 960. Holy crap it can run at 60fps but not all the time unless I install it on my main PC with an 980 ti, 8gb of ddr4 and a i7 6770k. For now this game runs better then my PS4 and I paid the full 60 and felt like I was robbed plus the game first started with the Letterbox for about 3 to 4 months until a patch for fullscreen was finally added. This time only paid 6 bucks and have all the features but it had a 1080p bug which I found a fix for it since that is the resolution I am maintly playing at this moment. I am getting about 60 to 40fps on 2gb GTX 960 so suck on that Console gamers. I got about 20 to 30fps on my PS4."
,Recommended,268050,28063794,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sonhiki,"The most interesting thing in this game is the upgradable abilities which makes you over the time stronger. New Game+ should be like a speedrun. Games like this reminds me on the good old scary games like resident evil. Well the developer is the same like from the resident evil series, so no wonder^^There is only on thing I dont like, I will keep it short so it will not spoiler alot. To rescue over and over again your partners you´re going through the nightmare with.However I can highly recommand ""The Evil Within"".Enjoy this game. I will and still do.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AETnB1iL4ZE&index=1&list=PLlJg48Y17q3Ec04O9kXp-F3wogRIf4-iw"
,Recommended,268050,18778342,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DeadnCryin,the game  is great and looks great too.brings back the old classic horror genre as the first resident evil games.
76561198188799506,Recommended,268050,33219270,Posted: 4 July,all,kevin.c.esposito,"idk what the fuss is all about with this game. pft, not scary or anything... LOL JK spoiler alert... the first chapter of the game got me hooked! a scary guy with a big freaking chainsaw chasing your♥♥♥♥♥ RUN! in this game, be cautious. im not far in the game yet but i think the key thing is caution, sneaking and out smarting the monsters and other enemies. it will spike anxiety lol fun game, and great on a projector with surround sound.  the only thing thats hard to get used to is the controls, unless you've played the resident evil games and are already used to them. 9/10"
,Recommended,268050,33166475,Posted: 2 July,all,Brock Harrison,"Let me start off by saying that by no means is this a bad game, but if it were an option I'd be half tempted to give this a neutral instead of a reccomend.The Evil Within is a game that throws you in the shoes of a detective with his crew as they, (pretty much only him except for 3 or 4 chapters,) uncover exactly what it is they were dragged into when responding to a job call at a mental hospital. During the intial chapter you aren't given a gun in an attempt to make you feel vulnerable and scared, which might work for some but not for me. You later get a pistol and immediately, atleast for me, the game loses the majority of any potential fear it might stir up. Now instead of running from everything you are shooting things a stupid amount of times in an attempt to kill anything, and realizing that the main characters drinking must have really caught up with him over the years because he can only muster enough energy to run for about 2 second before he is completely winded without upgrades. This is when you start to realize that playing this game is going to require an astounding amount of patience at first until you can make you're character not just the random guy in the horror movie who gets killed immediately. I will admit that the third chapter which takes place in an abandond western town did have its moments where I was pretty freaked out, but that was mainly due to the fact that I knew that if I engaged an enemy there was a solid 50% chance I would be killed and I'd have to reset to a point some 10 minutes ago before I collected the small amount of resources I could find throughout the area, and I'd have to gather it all over again. This game is a solid survival game, just not a solid horror one. All in all I can count on one hand the number of times I was actually scared by this game, and the majority, if not all of those, were jumpscares.All in all the game is alright. If survival horror is your thing, and you don't mind shooting an undead a good seven times in the head to kill it at first, then I'd recommend getting this game, especially now, when its half off.If you're on the fence, then maybe watch some gameplay or something and see if it looks like something you'd like. You might see some spoilers or something, but atleast you won't be playing though half the game wondering if the game is for you or not.I give The Evil Within a 7/10"
76561198059582025,Recommended,268050,32657735,Posted: 22 June,all,Bloempje,What should have been the sequel to Resident Evil 4.
,Not Recommended,268050,32676858,Posted: 23 June,all,FamelessFace °_°,"Dumb, full of cheap tricks and worn out game mechanics"
,Recommended,268050,33218688,Posted: 4 July,all,Drew_Phantom,"The spiritual successor to RE4.People rat on it for the tanky controls but they do not realize that is the point. Your character isn't supposed to be a superhuman acrobat, he is just a dude.10/10 would Leslie and be killed by a roomba again."
76561198032340339,Recommended,268050,28896228,Posted: 1 January,all,BaKoFFiCeR,"After reading all the negativity in 2014 and reading alot of bad reviews, i didnt bother with this game. Then at the end of 2016 i saw it on sale and thought i would try it. And im so glad i did! What an amazing game! if you're a Survivial Horror fan this game is a must! if you're a Resident Evil 4 fan it is a must! you will see so many similarities. Hell even the DLC (The Assignment) is closely named to resident evil 4's (Assignment ADA)I personally loved everything about this game..The atmosphere, the music, the sounds, the characters, the creatures (isnt laura a peach, i loved getting chased down by her wanting to smash my face in) the scares and then the complicated story which is actually very good if you pay attention.The DLC was also really good, playing as the Keeper is great fun. Who doesnt like beating stuff up with a huge hammer!Contrary to other users this game ran silky smooth and didnt have a single performance issue. Overall this is most definitely the best game i played this year!!"
,Recommended,268050,28893700,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sassy The Copilot,"silent hill rip off...  love dying over and over and over in the same manner because you cant run more than 5ft without being puffed out but if creeping everwhere is this your game ""silent hill type demons"" and jump scares for days. runs prefects not droping below 100fps with max settings  looks awesome even the darker moments. 7/10"
,Recommended,268050,28880573,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,⟪ Soul Of A Man ⟫,"The story is way longer than what I expected, which is wonderful, in my opinion. This game also has great characters to get attached to. Overall, it's a very nice game."
76561198351617154,Recommended,268050,29162356,Posted: 10 January,all,ChanandlerBong,Came away asking a lot of questions but that could easily pave way for a sequel. Creepy as hell and great boss fights 👍
76561198276412201,Recommended,268050,29153784,Posted: 9 January,all,gamez.mig,Best survival horror game I have played in years.
,Recommended,268050,29237171,Posted: 13 January,all,Dungeon Masterson,"I play a lot of horror games, but few of them scare me as much as The Evil Within. There's a little bit of everything here: Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Silent Hill, zombie horror, Saw, and body/medical horror. Probably more I haven't even discovered yet, because the game keeps surprising me. The essence of horror is dreading what comes next, or fearing that you won't be able to survive it. The Evil Within makes me do both, because it's challenging enough that I'm constantly fearing death, and inventive enough that I'm not sure what I'll encounter and afraid that the rug can be pulled out from under me at any given time. It's a good feeling, when you're looking to get scared.  Although the comparison has been made already, it's very similar to Resident Evil 4, although much scarier. Many elements are there; the traps, the zombies, head parasites, an infection in the main character and his partner, giants, and freakishly mutated dogs. The longer the game goes on, the more its influence becomes clear, although it isn't really a problem. The story does wear as it gets to the final chapters, though. I think that maybe 2 chapters could have been cut to tighten up the game, and that maybe focusing on smaller enemies, chases, and stealth might have kept the tone scarier than when it shifts to House of the Dead-style giant bosses. Still, this game is great and I haven't felt this engaged with a horror game in a long time. I'd highly recommend it to any fan of the genre."
76561198160272882,Recommended,268050,30089555,Posted: 21 February,all,Shantae,"Great game, nice surprise before the release of Breath of the Wild comes in and I don't get out of the basement for weeks on end. However, the story barely made sense in that why the F is Sebastian still getting mind♥♥♥♥ed outside the simulation?"
76561198130170269,Recommended,268050,29542659,Posted: 28 January,all,Try Hard Pudge :D,"This game so good, well because of the horror in this game feels good :D"
,Recommended,268050,26886292,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hahabst1025,"it makes your brain cell life and death,rip your heart and faces,tear the body to pieces,best to learn how to survive and be tough alone yourself."
,Recommended,268050,29414068,Posted: 21 January,all,PureSushi,"Highly underrated game, though it can get get a bit annoying at times I enjoyed it all the way through. If your looking for something to play after RE4 this is the next best thing."
76561198091195438,Recommended,268050,29411601,Posted: 21 January,all,Swagrid,"Dude, my mans can only run 10 ft at a time and the zombies will shoot your a$$, other than that its fun"
,Recommended,268050,29452017,Posted: 23 January,all,Lion's Pride,Whatever is the matter?
76561198061724010,Recommended,268050,29389950,Posted: 20 January,all,dayofdead,Basically a serious version of what Resident Evil 4 was before they scrapped it for the Las Plagas.
,Recommended,268050,29101481,Posted: 7 January,all,Aionis,the game is fun and challenging. chapter 9 and 10 need to be removed from the game In my opinion. not the story but the unkillable fast bosses that just one shot you if they touch you. I did not enjoy chapter 9 and 10 of this game and a friend had to push me through it so that i'd beat the game. while the game leaves a ton of loose ends at the end (have not played DLC yet) I can still recommend the game. even with chapter 9 and 10 in it. just expect two chapters with unkillable bosses that if they touch you they one shot you...
,Recommended,268050,29625263,Posted: 1 February,all,Feinkost,"Pretty enjoyable game, rich storyline, implicit meanings etc with the retrospective gameplay and autistic cutscene-controls"
76561198079062374,Recommended,268050,29350895,Posted: 18 January,all,JoeyRew,scary version of the last of us. 10/10
,Recommended,268050,16826544,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Beggelton,"Broken. Searched for hours to fix a game i've only played 10 minutes of and there is nothing that can stop this♥♥♥♥♥♥from being a mess.Probably a good game. TERRIBLE PORT. AVOID.EDIT: Upgraded my computer a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton and came back to this. Excellent game, extremely tense but hilariously cliche and cheesy. I much prefer the solo chapters compared to the areas where you meet with group members again (they're still fun though, just takes the survival tension out of it a little). A fairly long game too. Can be really difficult (even on medium difficulty which I thought I'd breeze through).Old pc: Athlon ii X4 860k, HD 7850 (unplayable on lowest, disgusting)New: i3 6100, RX 470 (can max the game smoothly at 50-60 fps)"
76561198059835494,Recommended,268050,29376970,Posted: 20 January,all,FeralJumper,The Poster Man and Gift of Psy Horror
76561198063171234,Recommended,268050,29368855,Posted: 19 January,all,GRU50M3,"Did you like Resident Evil 4? Did you like the original Silent Hill games? If your answer to both of these questions is ""yes,"" then you should buy The Evil Within. It is a massively underrated game and deserving of more attention from horror fans.Is it difficult to manage the poor PC port? Yes, maybe a little - but if you can stomache some fiddling with console commands and cfg files to get everything to your liking, then you will be well rewarded. Even though it's an action game with some gunplay, I recommend playing with an Xbox or Playstation controller of some sort; the game just feels better with one, even though the keyboard/mouse combo works just as well."
,Recommended,268050,29308757,Posted: 16 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,YUMMY!!! AND SPOOKY!!! 6/6
76561198050709495,Recommended,268050,29187779,Posted: 11 January,all,Lee,"Great game, Also i recommend getting the seson pass if its on sale!"
,Recommended,268050,29196278,Posted: 11 January,all,SUPREME,"Given the fact that I'm a big time Resident Evil fan, this was Shinji Makami's ""Last horror game"" but I don't believe it. I love it! It actually got me into revolvers. Lol"
76561198090963165,Recommended,268050,29231700,Posted: 13 January,all,jagears,Invisible enemies are dumb. They wouldn't be so dumb if you could actually hit them when they are down.11/10 would die 50 times again waiting on pure luck.I'm not sure why the system requirements say this needs an  i7.  I'm pulling 60fps with an i5 4670k
,Recommended,268050,29330612,Posted: 17 January,all,Echomaker,"Not a bad game. The story is about as thing as the business card of a McDonalds Store Manager, but the atmosphere at least makes it enjoyable. Combat is about as interesting as you'd expect I.E Resident Evil 4 with more gore. There are some problems in the games logic that always bug me, as in any game. How the characters constantly get covered head to toe in blood, occasionally literally swimming in it, and still maintain a nice white shirt. Or the part with a tiny bridge that the wind could probably knock over needing to be defended instead of kicking the thing over and waiting for the door to open. Things like that.Get it on a decent sale and it is totally worth the money."
,Recommended,268050,26643866,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,LValkyrie ☣,Mm hmm boi trust me you get to scream a lot. One day you'll ask yourself whether you scream because of the horror or because there's a hot daddy in high quality right in front of you.
76561198088610063,Recommended,268050,29582783,Posted: 30 January,all,reformed weeaboo,"The artwork, visual effects are extremely well done.Setting and Story were extremely confusing at times but I felt that the ending wrapped up the game well.While many complain that the characters are not interesting or boring, I felt that the characters really fit into this type of game as since there wasn't much character interaction with the player, it definitely created more tension for the playerGameplay and Difficulty might not fit for anyone, personally I had to stop and put down this game a total of 3 times as I found it too gory/difficult leading to it being a bit boring, however I did come back all 3 times and enjoyed finishing this game.While many complain AI to be ""cheap"", I felt that it acted as a element of surprise and the many deaths soon become a learning experience.This was my first gory horror game and while I felt it to be a bit extreme on the gore, I definitely enjoyed it.Ending Note:As many of other reviews have already mentioned, this game is not for everyone. The sheer difficulty that it presents might not be enjoyable for many who give up easily. If you're too skeptical about purchasing the game, give the demo a try"
,Recommended,268050,32227227,Posted: 6 June,all,Andrew County,"The Evil Within is an excellent experience.  There is a ton of content; the story seems like it goes on forever, similar to Resident Evil 4.  The challenge is pretty high at times and the horror elements are great.  The story is bizarre and entertaining to watch unravel.  I really liked some of the environmental transitions, which really add to the insanity of the story.The only minor gripes I have with the game are a few technical issues that I had.  I wish the controls were a little less sluggish, though maybe that's intentional with the survival horror theme.  The character models aren't really up to the standards for when this game was released.  Even when the game is running at 60fps it doesn't feel very fluid on my setup."
76561198004388443,Recommended,268050,12977289,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,rikster,I found The Evil Within to be a great game!
76561197971374471,Recommended,268050,32378711,Posted: 12 June,all,rvazquez2,"Plain and simple, Excellent game with good replay value."
,Recommended,268050,32367630,Posted: 12 June,all,Jackie Chen,"If RE4 was one of your favourite games of that generation then grab this one without hesitation, you will love it! Less about scares and more about an omnipresent sense of dread and tension with some really nice art direction."
,Recommended,268050,32394375,Posted: 13 June,all,abutmze,such a nice game.
76561197972385541,Recommended,268050,32401446,Posted: 13 June,all,PattyMac,An underatted game and the successor of RE4.Hyped for the sequel!
76561198071302453,Recommended,268050,32373052,Posted: 12 June,all,しば いぬ,Spooky and amazing. I enjoyed the game the first time but it gets even better when you run it again and try to collect as much of everything as you can.You can turn on cheats and you can still get achivements
76561198086186623,Recommended,268050,32271899,Posted: 8 June,all,dillyhop,I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants every chapter
,Recommended,268050,32365119,Posted: 12 June,all,Goju Ponu,Played this on console and it was an amazing experience. If you love survival horror and absolutely adore Shinji Mikami's brain child of the Resident Evil series then buy this masterpiece. The sequel has been announced and there is no reason to not buy its predecessor.
,Recommended,268050,32359132,Posted: 11 June,all,CrossTaker,My body is ready for the Sequel. The Evil Within 2 !!!!!!!!
76561198033689223,Recommended,268050,32656569,Posted: 22 June,all,Kunterbund,"Just wow.I played through this game after a long time, and it is still massively facinating.The story is another big work of Bethesda, the grafics are still pretty decent, the Gameplay feels (except some exceptions) quite smooth and the gore and horror parts are just really good implemented.ill give this game a big fat 9/10, and I'm looking forward the second part in october 2k17."
76561198178059809,Recommended,268050,32658151,Posted: 22 June,all,BranMan88,the best horror game ever!!!!
,Recommended,268050,14203395,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Beau,Good fun for the whole family
76561198086907760,Recommended,268050,32757489,Posted: 24 June,all,The Eternal Jamal,The Evil Within was a pretty alright game. Its story lines was great and well thought out. only 1 drawn out boss fight which was not the best but it could have been worse.Over all 8/10
76561198052400125,Recommended,268050,32775642,Posted: 25 June,all,ObcanX,"Immensly creepy, atmospheric and disturbing at times, all the while packing a hefty campaign that asks for a replay. Interesting plotline (albeit the characters, well, could do a lot of work with), great variety in environments, good graphics, and great sound as well. Needless to say, I am very much looking forward to the sequel, so if you want to take my word for it, buy it! For the price(s) its going lately, a sure steal in my books."
,Recommended,268050,32909685,Posted: 27 June,all,Crimson FURY,"Bought this to try since a sequel was coming out soonFocuses just a little more on stealth than your typical resident evil game but still plenty of resource management and good old fashioned survival horror combatThe overall theme and mood is kind of in between silent hill and resident evil. I mean it in a good way.Drawbacks are that it shows its console roots in undesirable ways: clunky movement and interface and sometimes annoying camera angles, but it doesnt take too much away from the gameI'm very happy to have bought it and look forward to completing it"
76561198020700129,Recommended,268050,32964356,Posted: 28 June,all,FunkyPants,Very scary :(
,Recommended,268050,32950989,Posted: 28 June,all,Pyrolex_,I made a mountain of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,268050,33149595,Posted: 2 July,all,dizzzy,"Running into a bug using an external monitor from my Eluktronics laptop. The screen is zoomed in, I have to unplug then replugin the HDMI cable to get it to display properly...sometimes...Remember to use knife stealth attacks otherwise you will hate this game."
,Recommended,268050,33185387,Posted: 3 July,all,Keallire,"This game will warp with your mind, pushing you and pulling you into the depths of your sences of whats real and whats not. clouding your every movment with judgment. Whats going to h appen next? How did I get here?I loved the fact that it was a long game, took me about 20 hours to do my first play through which is something I really like. most games are really short and the ones that are long usually get boring and repetitive. While I was able to predict some outcomes I could not forsee most outcomes so I felt the game did good for its orginality in the story but I'm still kinda lost on certain aspects of the story. Maybe another playtrough or the DLC will help with that matter, but it was a really good game, its like resisdent evil meets silent hill.just buy it already!"
76561198005708172,Recommended,268050,33250062,Posted: 4 July,all,AlexTheProfessional,The Evil Within is a great game I consider it as  a spiritual succesor to Resident evil 4 the last good resident evil once  again Sinji Mikami( Worked on many Resident evil ) surpassed itself here you got a 12 hours game which  let you play  Stealth or action also once you completed the game you will get an Assault Rifle and Rocket launcher in the new game + which is always enjoyable. The Story is great and will ♥♥♥♥ with you  and toy with you and its completely assumed by the game Setting. My only grip with the game is the FOV that is horribly bad  You should use Flawess widescreen  to augment it. When i played the game first on console i had to deal with Letterbox aspect they patched it in a update and its so much better now. They also seem to have learn from the critic in the Coming Sequel which is not letter box and seem to have a way better FOV. I like to think this how Resident evil would have evolved if Sinji would have stayed with Capcom not like Resident evil 7  now a stupid Outlast clone  with slight shooting mechanic.
,Recommended,268050,33258602,Posted: 4 July,all,GameJamms,"This is a fantastic game with an amazing (and incredibly complex) story. If you like surivial horror where you can just run through the world guns blazing killing everything in sight, this game is not for you. The Evil Within requires you to think about what enemies you kill and how. There is always enough ammo supplied in each area but only just enough .... no surplus. The player is greatly rewarded for exploring every inch of the map while going undetected, conserving ammunition until you have no other option, and using your surroundings (Traps and other things) to kill your enemies. It defanetly has its slow parts but if you can push through them you will be greatly rewarded. The only thing that really annoyed me is that to get the extra details of the story (not required to get the full story but it really explains a great deal of what is going on in this universe) through the eyes of one of your partners you have to purchase The Assignment and The Consequence DLC. I think it is worth the extra $10, but at that point just buy the season pass and get The Executioner DLC as well.TLDR: Amazing story, player rewarded for stealth and creativity, not for everyone but you should give an honest chance."
,Recommended,268050,33328094,Posted: 6 July,all,ja,been a long time since i've played a good horror game
,Recommended,268050,33268419,Posted: 5 July,all,Kwtg95,"The Evil Within; A.K.A Psycho Break is a Great game that I Really enjoyed playing through the 12 hour main story. But it seems that that people love to hate this game for some reason. Maybe it was that the game was very unstable on all platforms on launch and they did some stupid design decisions when it came to cropping the game. And the games hardcore difficulty being a little too difficult, and there being no in between difficulty there is casual which is very easy but also a lot of fun. And there is hardcore mode which is quite hard, and in a game that will kill you no problem with its traps. People my get frustrated. This is game where if you do not pay attention to the games environmental cues you will die, and I am sorry at first you may think ♥♥♥♥ you that's gay and unfair. But then you notice that if I was paying attention to the environment I would of not have died. So that is why I say that the traps are fair even the one hit death traps. This games demands that you stay on edge looking for traps to avoid, and opportunities to strike on enemies.Going from place to place. So The Evil with you go from one environment to the next at a very fast pace. Which keeps the game very well paced, and feeling different throughout the 12 hour main story.Minor con of the game is that I don't like the gameplay of the the assignment, and the consequence dlc. It is mostly a forced stealth game, and I just don't like those types of games. But it was good to get kidman's story and her motivations.Game took 12 hours to beat the main story and the 3 dlc took 4 hoursTotal Game Length 16 hours.Verdict 9/10Part One of Shinji Mikami's Wild Ride"
76561198170991583,Recommended,268050,33625130,Posted: 18 July,all,Pulverise,Interesting story line and really nice graphics.
76561198046069617,Recommended,268050,14909108,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,FireJace,"The Evil Within is a fun game, that does not stray too far from Shinji Mikami's previous games."
76561198127474785,Recommended,268050,33980351,Posted: 2 August,all,riveraperezd79,"If you liked Resident Evil 4 and Silent Hill, you will like The Evil Within. It's a mixture of both with survival horror and over the shoulder gun play. It gives you plenty for the price (around 20 hours) in my first playtrough. It has New game + and unlockables."
76561198021053154,Recommended,268050,33984751,Posted: 2 August,all,Erick Swan,"7/10 game here.+ Interesting story and characters that all makes sense if you play through the DLC and find some pickups+ Fun gameplay!  There is enough enemy/encounter/weapon/boss variety to get you through the whole game without you ever wondering when the fun parts coming.+ Good soundtrack/sound effects+ Graphics are pretty good+ A good amount of playtime, and plenty of fun and interesting achievements to warrant a second playthrough on ng+- The story is a bit predictable.  While I still enjoyed it, I had a good amount of the mystery figured out before my characters did.- There are parts in the game where the characters lines don't make sense.  For example, at one point after the story has clearly conveyed a certain message and the character themselves have acknowledged it, they will make a claim as if they didn't.   It breaks immersion just a bit.All in all it was a good game.  While I had a lot of +, none of them were good enough to warrant a 8 or 9 rating.  Just because they were good doesn't mean they were great."
76561198350938715,Recommended,268050,34013106,Posted: 4 August,all,1027515823,非常好玩 你值得拥有
76561198041913671,Recommended,268050,34121876,Posted: 9 August,all,mr chiz,Better than I was led to believe?Probably.
76561198259035320,Recommended,268050,32517524,Posted: 17 June,all,THE LORD OF SIEGE,"The Evil Within is a psychological survival-horror game developed by Tango Gameworks and directed by Shinji Mikami, creator of the Resident Evil series.The Evil Within follows Sebastian Castellanos, a police officer , who is trapped in a nightmarish and horrifying world while he's trying to survive and get out of this weird and creepy world.Positives:+Exciting atmosphere+Excellent horror elements+Nicely detailed graphics and textures+Exceptional enemy design+Intense combat+Great sound system+Well-executed lightingAverage:~A bit frustrating story and boring plot~Not very scary at all~Average stealth system~Sometimes it gets repetitive~Forgettable soundtrackNegatives:-Poorly Optimized-Awful voice-acting and cutscenes-Horrible aiming mechanics-Boring Protagonist and forgettable characters-One-shot deaths-Dumb Artificial Intelligence (AI)Overall: 8/10"
76561198190033058,Not Recommended,268050,23312542,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,zazo093,"This game is a pure dissapointment of an game, I remember watching mark play it once and tought hey this might be a good game.I was so dissapointed in the outcome.The way the main hero moves is really stupid and useless, If I wanted to watch a mans♥♥♥♥♥I´d go to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥This game´s fps is cancer at least on my side.I bought the game on a steam summer sale, because it was SO cheap.this game is not worth a single cent.The audio is screwed and so is the music and loading system."
76561198095504640,Recommended,268050,34285510,Posted: 16 August,all,Theophilius,"This game is basically what Resident Evil should have been, however, I'm very happy this game is on a whole different level comparatively. In my opinion, it is superior in every aspect.Into psychological horror? Enjoying mind-♥♥♥♥s? Enjoy a good fright now and then? Like 3rd person shooters with immersive storylines?Buy it. Now.You will NOT be disappointed. Seriously."
,Not Recommended,268050,23454948,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,bugijugi,+ Mediocre story+ Intersting looking bosses and other creatures+ Some puzzles-You cant turn film grain off you will always have littlebit of it.-Texture popping.-forced vsync on which causes input lagWorst consoleport ever ported!!!
,Recommended,268050,34653371,Posted: 1 September,all,polyglobus,"Ok, so I'm only 8 hours into the main game, and I love it. Resident evil 4 was my favorite game of all time, this game comes pretty close. The one thing I find annoying is that each time I load the game I have to reset my mouse sensitivity to 0 for my steam controller, but it doesn't even bother me that's how much I'm enjoying the game. For me it's genuinely scary, you have to be smart about when to hold them and when to fold them. I like the different enemies and levels, if you go about something the wrong way you're basically ♥♥♥♥ed, sometimes you just gotta go balls to the wall and throw everything you've got at it and it pays off, sometimes you gotta be conservative and it pays off, but vice versa and your ♥♥♥♥ed. Genuinely creepy, can't get enough. I've heard there might be some inconsistencies in the plot, but I haven't noticed and I feel like as long as there's nothing to glaring the whole premis allows for it. My mind's betrayed me before in real life, so as long as the story remains plausible that's all that matters. I hope the next game is as good, I think it comes out on my birthday, I can't wait."
76561198113814715,Recommended,268050,33447946,Posted: 10 July,all,Hotaru Tachibana,Great Atmosphere throughout the game and an immersive gameplay. Good Job SM!!!!
76561197991834906,Recommended,268050,33549572,Posted: 14 July,all,feedthemanmuffinz,"Worth every penny.I loved the gameplay and the story. Some people dislike the story for some valid points, from the DLC to vague plot, but overall this was one of the best horror games I have ever played."
,Recommended,268050,33585813,Posted: 16 July,all,ohiochainsaw34,"Make sure to wear an adult diaper if you scare easy. Can't wait for part 2.Still remember the first time we played the game, and everyone in the room was freaking out.10/10."
,Recommended,268050,33608355,Posted: 17 July,all,BrigGen Smackdown CH,"That's a very good, entertaining videogame. Special effects and story are nice. BUT only playable when you delet the black bars. 8/10"
,Recommended,268050,33647707,Posted: 19 July,all,Cosmic,"Combat is so ♥♥♥♥ing good. The difficulty is pitch perfect. Atmosphere is very claustrophobic, a good Horror game!"
,Recommended,268050,33654562,Posted: 19 July,all,Insane E,Good survival horror game. Pretty difficult at times. Cool atmosphere and pretty good gameplay mechanics.  I will definitely be getting the second one when it comes out.
,Recommended,268050,34452282,Posted: 23 August,all,[CP] Carson ™,"I purchased this game a while after its realease. But I have to say, I was impressed. To start off, the storyline was gripping but it made you focus on what was going on. The survival horror aspect was well implemented and the game really had you freaking out at some moments, pushing many people out of there ""comfort zone"". The interface/HUD in the game is very nice and is displayed properly. The graphics are very nice, and have a dark shade to everything. The graphics give the player a chill and at some points, I would feel so nervous that I wouldnt continue. I do freak out a bit, but the game gave a real sense of horror and more then the Resident Evil series could deliver. The optimisation though, ruined a lot of the experience! I think the developers at Bethesda Studios could of done better with the performance. I have a GTX 940M and it ran well, but on low settings and sometimes I played on 1600x720 resolution. But with ""The Evil Within 2"" coming out, the Developers have promised better optimisation standards then before. The game overall is worth the $60, and I think you should play it to get a sense of what is going to come at you when ""The Evil Within 2"" comes out. Thanks for reading, I hope you purchase this game.Thanks, - Carson:D"
76561198069335528,Recommended,268050,34550146,Posted: 28 August,all,Rurik,"There are multiple issues that plague this game, most of which revolve around the PC port being less than optimal. When it comes to the game itself however, whether it is good or not is entirely dependent on what you enjoy. Nevertheless, I'd say it's worth a try at it's current price, even more so if on sale."
76561197998585436,Recommended,268050,34618290,Posted: 30 August,all,James Cutter,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,268050,34618601,Posted: 30 August,all,Space57,this was ♥♥♥♥in awesome
,Recommended,268050,34621367,Posted: 30 August,all,itsACoppa,"Think of Resident Evil 1 in the style of Resident Evil 4, with modern mechanics. It's decently fun 7.5/10 get it on sale."
,Recommended,268050,34624321,Posted: 30 August,all,Swazaaa,"Just completed the game, so far it's one of my most favorite horror games I've ever played. A truely amazing survival/psychological horror game, it felt like many different horror genres came together as one while still being true to itself. You follow Sebastion Castellanos, a deeply troubled detective, as he tries to free him and his teammates from a world of madness and nightmares."
,Recommended,268050,34633530,Posted: 31 August,all,scott.somerville1982,"Just when you think there ain't a game out there which is on your toes!! this is it, you think you got what it takes??,YOU CAN RUN, HIDE, But nothing will prepare you for THE EVIL WITHIN. How far will you go, who is the mystery man stalking you and the foulest of creatures that stalk you at every turn only you be able to find out......"
,Recommended,268050,34639331,Posted: 31 August,all,E-Roc Holmes,"This is the game that Resident Evil 5 and 6 should have been, and quite honestly I enjoyed this more than Resident Evil 4.  While it does have some action, I feel like the development team found a good mix between horror and action.  The best part is that this is a game that I can go back to 5 years from now and not have to adjust to tank controls or aiming while not being able to move (looking at you RE4)."
76561198048625810,Recommended,268050,34691093,Posted: 2 September,all,janinposti,"Think twice before you start playing because you will find yourself checking ""only one more episode..."". It may be hard to stop playing and you may not get any sleep for a while... Absolute nightmare material! Story is long enough compared to many ""short films"" these days.I am usually not really fan of gore and horror but I loved every minute of this game! Story, graphics and athmosphere is 10++. If I really must say something negative it is little weird controls and some invisible walls, ""would like to check around that corner... aww... cant go there"" or can't jump there and there. But that does not disturb too much and game works well without single crash whole time.Not sure is this best game ever but it is easily in my own top 3. Just get it :)"
,Recommended,268050,34715934,Posted: 3 September,all,Moonscript,Great game it is like a outlast + resident evil 4. I love that it is really hard sometimes the bosses are really hard and some of the monsters are really hard i really like the story line i thought it was really cool i have not beaten it yet but it is still a grear game.
76561198324618769,Recommended,268050,35094470,Posted: 20 September,all,||4LY||,boom
76561198255129518,Recommended,268050,35036637,Posted: 17 September,all,Rizzz,Great game! I think the last time the game was scary was the original Resident Evil. Looking forward to #2!
,Recommended,268050,35050311,Posted: 18 September,all,Gallowloch,A very solid horror game that keeps you on edge for most of its duration. Great level designs and story-telling.
,Recommended,268050,35132123,Posted: 22 September,all,╩╗Fuzzi╔╩❤,Good game it is a bit like resident evil 4. But after a while it is no longer creepy
,Recommended,268050,32564818,Posted: 19 June,all,Aroou,"Cons:*Not much weapon variety*Somewhat bland charactersPros:*Monster designs*Environment variety*Insanely twisted plot and settings*Actually gets difficult sometimesYou really gotta play this game several times if the story is too difficult to follow. The Assignment and Consequence expansions definitely help with understanding what's going on in the game. All in all, the Evil Within is a fantastic entry into the action horror genre (even with some of its funky gameplay mechanics) and I highly reccommend it if you're looking for something crazy."
76561198023895704,Recommended,268050,35373159,Posted: 1 October,all,IgnisDrakos,"I have a few thoughs on the The Evil Within, most of them are positive but there are a few negative things that i feel hold this back from being a really classic.-Combat- I enjoyed it mostly, the guns feel good when you shoot them and what more can you ask for, i enjoy burning the bodies it feels like crimson heads from REmake-Characters- what can i say exept that they are the most stilted and boring cast i have seen in a survival horror game, Sabastian has to be one of the most nothing characters i have ever played as, he has no quirk or character trait and most of the time seems numb or bored by the horrors that surround him yet other times a freaked out animation plays, it makes no sence. the supporting class i feel are suppose to be mysterious but come of annoying and pop in to scene and dissapear just as quickly.-enviorments, for the most part i enjoyed them when i was not frustrated by the bear traps and bombs that litter them.-difficulty. the overabundance of one hit kill enemies and green slimer that you need to pick up to upgrade your character feel polarizing because regardless of how many bullets i carry or amount i can sprint, get hit once and your dead anyway. i really dont think survival horror is the place or skill trees and upgrade systems.overall i enjoyed most of my time, but i would not return to it."
,Recommended,268050,35251572,Posted: 27 September,all,Muj,Good game overall solid gameplay didnt understand the story full mabye it will be explained in the sequal as it is full of plot holes.
76561198152904924,Recommended,268050,35432765,Posted: 2 October,all,Eureka,"good game, but the last boss is suck! soo easy and why its cinematic? it doesnt give me the feeling like i actually did beat it but instead its like i just following a scenario, it doesnt feels like i kill the boss cause my own ability. its suck, but other than that i love it. hope the evil within 2 have a better last boss."
76561197965046644,Recommended,268050,35491967,Posted: 5 October,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"I entered a hospital only to come out messed up...I thought hospitals were suppose to help not drive you into insanity...oh well at least it felt like Resident Evil...sort of.If you like strange story lines with monsters and a Resident evil feel to it, then give this game a shot. I was rather happy with it and can't wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,268050,35436798,Posted: 2 October,all,K.,"Good:Nice graphicsCharacter design is kinda interesting (racial diversity and also good  costume design)The story does have a good mystery sense to it so you want to know what will happen nextThe music suits the action rather wellThe controls are goodThe pacing of the story is just right and the game isn't too long, but not short at all.Because of the nature of the story, unexpected things happen all the time.Bad:I hate the UI elements, they look out of place (but you can disable most of them, which was nice)A boss was recycled a few timesThe music, while OK, is not memorableYou can't invert both axesNot good nor bad:There are no real plot twists. This isn't bad per se, but I thought it was worth mentioning.It feels as if at first the game has one style of storytelling and halfway through it changes dramatically IMO."
76561198032080048,Recommended,268050,35508874,Posted: 5 October,all,timmyd4254,"Such an amazing survival horror experience. Very challenging, but with many different gameplay options. You can succeed with stealth, running, or gunning, but must do all three at times to succeed. Excellent game - highly recommend."
,Recommended,268050,35529747,Posted: 6 October,all,cG|Ka!3aL{JA},"The plot is a strikingly original work for the horror genre. The Evil Within is an investigation of what appears to be a multiple homicide at Beacon Mental Hospital in its fictional Krimson City, before you realize things are not as they seem (an understatement).This wickedly creative, tense, and yes, tough game does not suffer fools gladly.The Evil Within is a brutal, challenging, and remarkably fun game. I give it a 4 out of 5."
