user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197979948240,Recommended,268130,35127047,Posted: 22 September,all,Sunn brO))),"The AI is playing FTL, but you're playing Hotline Miami."
,Recommended,268130,35191736,Posted: 24 September,all,Ben,"I took the hardest mission available to me (""mistake"" level difficulty). I had to capture (alive) somebody aboard a heavily defended ship. I snuck aboard the ship, scouted it out, and realised I stood no chance. I then spotted another large ship flying nearby, which I subsequently hijacked with ease, wielding 2 swords, I killed everyone aboard.I then piloted this ship toward the ship that my target was aboard. I fired countless missiles into it, carving out a path to the dude I was meant to capture. He was then sucked out into the vacuum of space, and was beginning to suffocate.Somewhat luckily my ship had taken a couple of hits, leaving a hole in the wall of the cockpit, which I jumped out of, then remotely piloted a small pod to catch me before I died myself. With seconds to spare, I flew this pod right at my target at max speed, and used a small attraction field to catch him in the nick of time."
76561198108106654,Recommended,268130,35205688,Posted: 25 September,all,MaximumFunGaming,Absolutely amazing game. All it needs is a replay feature to watch your missions back in real-time.
,Recommended,268130,35232524,Posted: 26 September,all,Sammich,"Heat Signature is a game about breaking into spaceships and trying not to die. It's the most thrilling fun I've had in a game all year.~~~~~I'm stuck on a ship facing enemies I can't kill. You see, they all have shields equipped, and I don't have any tech left to take out said shield, so they're impervious to anything I can throw (or shoot) at them.My target is already dead. The captain is also already dead. I'm not at risk of getting captured here, I can just leave. But there's an enigma clause on this contract, and I want the extra coin. After all, I'm fighting to save my friend Mercy, and losing these credits is going to be a setback I don't want to risk. The clause says no living witnesses, and I'm stuck here with seven of them. Seven guards who've seen me, whom I can't even hope to kill.My very last hope on this ship is a lone room with a viewing window. If I can manage to corral all the remaining guards into that room and break the glass, it's game over for them and a perfect contract for me. That's...a big ask. I don't have much to work with here, and it's not as if the guards will kindly and helpfully congregate in front of the window if I ask nicely. No, there are going to be bullets flying everywhere, and if even one witness remains I'm screwed.But - I've got a shotgun.I can pull the guards to me by firing off shots from adjacent rooms. They'll come to investigate the noise, and I can lead them toward the viewing room. If I do it right, I can get them to bunch up. They'll cluster close enough for the vacuum to pull them all out at once, and if I go with them I can just remote pilot my ship and save myself. This could work!I move methodically through the halls, firing shots to grab the attention of the guards. Mercifully, they act as I'd hoped! They investigate the noise, moving as a group, all ten remaining baddies clumped up like some kind of shielded-shooty amoeba pushing itself through a maze of spaceship corrdiors. Finally, we hit the room I want them in, but I have to dodge down a hallway first, lest the leader of the pack shoot prematurely and hit the glass. When they all enter the room and are in range, I push back - but I'm cut off by three guards. They've spotted me, they're close enough to shoot me with no chance of dodging. I've only got one choice...I fire my shotgun.In slow motion, I see myself get hit by one of their bullets and fall unconscious. I see my shotgun spray creep forward, hit the leader's shield, and ricochet toward into the viewing room. I hold my breath, praying for the sound of breaking glass. And CRASH - there it is. The viewing window breaks and all the remaining guards are pulled out into empty space. My body lay there bleeding as I wait for the recovery timer to finish counting down. I see the notification pop up saying SHIP CLEARED as the triumph sets in. I can't believe what I've just pulled off. I can't believe there's no achievement for this!I fulfilled my enigma clause, and got my full pay. A couple missions later, I freed Mercy and regained her as a player character, then retired. I learned one very important lesson from this ordeal: when the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan, it's time to open a window."
76561198065241730,Recommended,268130,35145006,Posted: 22 September,all,AurumWeaver,Started a 1v5 fight in a ship I was boarding.I use the Visiter gadget that teleports me somewhere and yo-yo me back after 2 seconds.I land right into the pack of guards. Freeze time.Knock out a guard with a wrench. Refreeze time. Beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a second guard. Freeze.Throw my wrench in the face of a third. Genius move. Freeze time and dash to punch another guy in the face.Dashed right in front of the wrench. Wrench knocks me out cold. Guards start dragging me to the airlock.I'm regretting every decision that led to that moment.Visiter yo-yo effect kicks-in after 2 seconds of in-game time.Teleported back to safety in an adjacent room.Go back and shoot the two last guards in the face.12/10 would knock myself out again.
,Recommended,268130,35117014,Posted: 21 September,all,MadmanEpic,"This is a game that means no more than it says. When it says ""Capture Captain McCaptainface and don't be seen,"" expects nothing more of you, which is why I did so by hijacking a nearby ship and nuking every part of the target's ride except for the one room he's standing in.Hey, they need eyes to see me, and those were clearly not part of the equation at that point."
,Recommended,268130,35170772,Posted: 23 September,all,Soup Store Manager,This is a game where you can:-Dual wield overpriced rapid fire armour piercing silent super shotguns while in bullet time killing dozens of armoured guards-Go into a room and deck a guy in the face with a hammer sending him all the way across the ship-Blowing up half a ship and then catching yourself and letting your assassination target suffocate-Swap places with a guard right as you were about to be shot in 9 different directions-Stalk behind guards who are too distracted playing video games on terminals-Make guards shoot themselves on accident by swapping places with them-Hijacking a ship and starting a small spacewar by shooting another ship-Be a freedom fighter for a new rebellion while ending a war-Own a majority stake in the entire universe-Get captured by the space police-Rescue yourself-Continue
,Recommended,268130,35229126,Posted: 26 September,all,Taylor Swope,"This game is very good at putting you in situations where you think you're going to lose but then letting you come up with completely bonkers ways to get out of trouble.I once realized I was out of grenades after I already revealed myself to a bunch of guards and I was like ""whelp I'm dead"" but then I used a teleporter to swap with one, placing him near a window, which I shot, and he got sucked into space, then I hit a guy with a wrench, threw the wrench at another guy, and teleported to the next room before the fourth guy knew what was happening.  It was like the opening scene ofX2when Nightcrawler is in the White House just making absolute chumps of all the Secret Service agents.Anyway it's very fun."
,Recommended,268130,35126650,Posted: 22 September,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"It doesn't take long to get the appeal ofHeat Signature.This isHotline Miamiin space withdepthandcomplexity.This is my kind of jam. A space sandbox with several ways to approach missions. Meta-game unlockables. Emergent gameplay and just enough storyline to keep me interested, yet not bog down flow.The only way I'd maybe not recommend this game is if you aretotallynot interested in the twitch-style play ofHotline Miami. Now,Heat Signatureis much less twitchy in my opinion, but it's in that ballpark. You can also play the game very much with stealth strategy in mind, but things tend to get hairy at moments.Pros:+A mashup of awesome mechanics that results in a totally unique space sandbox experience+The emergent gameplay leads to some truly crazy stories and situations+Controls are intuitive and I love the smooth zoom from galaxy level to your character+All around super addicting and tons of gameplay/replay valueCons:-Controller support would have been nice-While I'm interested in the DLC, I think it's not worth it unless you look at it as a donationWorth full price.Fantastic gem of a game."
,Recommended,268130,35166070,Posted: 23 September,all,Clown Bard,"Its like FTL, but you're the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that keep teleporting onto your ship."
,Recommended,268130,35167614,Posted: 23 September,all,Gabeux,"Although I'm still halfway though the game, I must say it:This is a must-buy for anyone who enjoyed Hotline Miami or SuperHot, and also for those who enjoy games that feature boarding enemy ships, or tactical action.Heat Signature is a small gem of a roguelite game in which you fly around in a boarding assault pod, breaching enemy ships and killing them from the inside. You do this to further the rebellion against all the factions in the 'galaxy' (the game's region of space).After ""docking"" uninvited on an enemy ship, you willmurder everythingdisable it byexploding everythingcautiously knocking out the ship's crew - non-lethally,of course.The game allows (and encourages) you to press SPACE for a quick, tactical pause, that allows you to switch gear and do crazy amounts of cool moves. Like hacking a turret, disabling enemies' shields, teleporting/switching places with an enemy, murdering the pilot and blowing up a hole that sucks a squad of unsuspecting crew members out into space in a few seconds.Having randomly generated characters with personal missions is also very neat. If you're a roleplayer (as in, you set rules, morals and/or goals for characters) you can create pretty cool stories.If you're not into that, by losing a character you'll only lose its gear, which is pretty light when compared to roguelites/roguelikes by which you lose all of it's skills, experience and unlockables. Losing is Fun.Mind that if you're not into roguelites, the lack of an overarching story and the expected repetitive nature of the game might get to you.That said, the only thing I'd wish to have more of, is equipment/customization for your pod. Sensors, EMP, hacking capabilities, would make it a much more lively part of the game.In conclusion, Heat Signature is an amazing surprise. I've only heard about it yesterday, saw 3 minutes of video and that's all it took to guarantee my purchase.It is by no means a perfect game - much could be further improved or added. But for its price, even if you're not familiar with the related games, it's worth checking out.Thanks for reading!-Edited September 26, 2017: For clarity, I previously said the game could be further polished. I've edited that out as I bumped into no issues with the game, as what is there is definitely a solid, polished experience. What I intended to say is that I would love to see is more features and diversity through any means (DLC content, content patches, etc). :)"
,Recommended,268130,35110047,Posted: 21 September,all,MrGreenChips,"Edit: ""The Everything Gun is automatically unlocked for everyone who plays the game before Oct 5th, whether or not you steal it.""For people who want to know, The Everything Gun only took about 15 minutes to get from launching the game, I got it on my second try (I got thrown out of the ship but I got the captain first so I just docked back to where I was) with just the starter stuff. If you want to find it just fly around in your pod and look for a ship that is flashing.This game will be a lot of fun! Please keep in mind that the Everything Gun ship will only be flying around for TWO WEEKS. After this if you did not get it by then it will not spawn!If you did unlock it the ship/gun will keep spawning after the two weeks.So if you worry about not being able to get it it is not that difficult, it might take longer for you than me but I was able to get it quite quickly!The steps to obtain the gun:1. Do tutorial/starter mission2: Explore between the trade routs/lines for a flashing ship3: Dock the flashing ship, kill captain (and people on the way)4: Explore ship loot until you find it5: Add it into inventory and then it announces you unlocked it.I hope this helps someone!!"
,Not Recommended,268130,35247184,Posted: 27 September,all,Ksempac,"Heat Signature is such a cool concept...and yet, for now, this game is only a proof-of-concept, and I think most people will be better avoiding it and play something else.A thumb up for interesting mechanicsAt first glance, you will love the game. You're a resistance fighter in space, and you're tasked with infiltrating ships to weaken the powers in place, and your deeds will inspire people to revolt and liberate their station from the oppressive powers of the galaxy.So you rush in your small pod, latch yourself onto a ship, and then infiltrate it. Soon, you will find some cool gadgets or awesome weapons in the randomly generated cargo holds or the bodies of your enemies. Theses items usually have several effects and purposes, which mean you can combine several of those in clever ways to progress towards your goal.Whether you like to be stealthly or just go in all guns blazing, the decent array of items available and their different effects can be combined to suit both your playstyle and the current objective.So why shouldn't I give you the game a thumb up ?A thumb down for lack of contentBecause past that first glance, after the first 2h ingame, you will notice the main problem of the game: it only has 2h of content.After theses first two hours, you will have seen everything the game has to offer to you. Once you've liberated a few stations, the game will have shown you every difficulty modifier or special enemy you can encounter. You will also probably have seen most gadgets (though not all their slightly different variants).But the goal of the game is to liberate 40 stations, not just a few of them......which mean if you wish to see the end of the game, you will have to grind theses liberations one by one, for 15 to 20h, until you reach the ending.Nothing new will happen, it's just completing the same kind of randomly generated missions over and over until you have enough liberation points to liberate another station.Worst of all, most liberated stations will provide you with a new permanently unlocked item in your shop, which mean that you will have more and more tools easily available (rather than randomly looted), to do the same type of missions, So the more you play, the easier the game will become, which will reinforce the impression of grinding and boredom.Not really a game, more like a proof-of-conceptUltimately, that ""2h game stretched over 20"" is not a critical failure. For 12 euros (or whatever your local equivalent), it doesn't feel like the game robs you. However, there is definitely a feeling that this game is just not finished. That it's just a proof-of-concept, with a bunch of features that were mostly not fleshed out.A very simple example of that is the ""Coldfire ship"" that you can unlock by liberating a system. It is the most expensive ship in the game (twice the normal price) because it has the special ability of being invisible to enemy ships sensors...which sounds cool in practice, but as soon as you play the game you will understand is completely useless. You're always asked to breach a ship from its backside, and the small range of sensors are always located on the front and slightly on the sides of the enemy ship, making them totally useless...it will be very rare for you to ever have to worry about them.This and many others examples explain why, despite some cool ideas and a nice style, I can't really recommend this game. If you have time and money to spare on a so-so game, you might want to get Heat Signature and play it for a few hours. But with so many great games out there, if you're limited in either time or money, it's probably safer to focus on other games."
,Recommended,268130,35110277,Posted: 21 September,all,Hudson,"Tom Francis has done it again.Amazing soundtrack, fun and strategic gameplay and very good looking environment."
,Recommended,268130,35109895,Posted: 21 September,all,Señor Dingus,"This game is like if Hotline Miami had the pause mechanic from Transistor and took place on the ships from FTL. I highly recommend it.Note: My playtime is low because I played when it was still in beta. This was the beta from less than a week before launch, so the game is almost entirely the same."
,Recommended,268130,35109396,Posted: 21 September,all,onlineshrekjr,Played the very last closed-beta for 20h. Have been following development for 4 years. It's a great game. Just try it out. Congratulations Tom and Team!
,Recommended,268130,35195976,Posted: 24 September,all,WhiskeyNinja,"This game is great, if you like Hotline Miami-styled chaos simulators. Lots of really neat ways to play, randomly generated maps, and limited use but extremely useful gadgets.I think my favorite part so far is that if you play as a group of randomly generated characters with vendettas/missions (kill the guy that tortured my son, make the big heist and retire) at a bar (one at a time), and if one of them dies, there's a chance the next character's mission will be to rescue the last character. The game constantly dares you to risk everything, and then floods you with options to escape when you get in over your head.The randomness of the galaxy map means that your item unlocks will be uncertain game to game. The item unlocksare based off of space stations you unlock as your individual crew members reps.I highly recommend this game if you like a heavy dash of critical thinking with your action. The launch trailer for this game really describes everything you need to know about it.I heartily recommend this."
76561197972835583,Recommended,268130,35243186,Posted: 27 September,all,Nom,"My first character was Traveler Truth, and his mission in life was to rescue his kidnapped daughter. He was new at this stuff, but he muddled his way through, barely escaping terrible situations, building up a reserve of equipment, and finally saving enough to pay for the intel on where his daughter was.He learned how truly nasty a ship full of shielded enemies is. He got captured one room away from his daughter.When I went back to the character select I was in for a shock: one of them was Traveler Truth's father! Not only that, but he came with the perfect shield clearing weapon, a subverter grenade launcher. Pappy Truth was much more experienced, and by the time he had earned enough to pay for info on where his son was, he was ready to rock. He found where the enemy's pilot was and took him out, leaving the ship dead in the water. Then he left, recharged his gear at a friendly station, and came back to methodically tear the ship apart to save his son.Traveler Truth learned from his own mistakes and his father's triumphs, and less than an hour later, saved his daughter. The Truth family retired with two weapons named after them and six stations freed, leaving an indelible mark on the galaxy of Heat Signature that would not soon be forgotten.Then, a couple hours later, I came across a character who wanted to rescue someone. Imagine my surprise when it turned out that he wanted to rescue a character from my friend's copy of the game! After a few good missions and lucky drops he managed to save Taiwan Whiteblood, and I chose to play as him next. All Taiwan wanted in the world was to kill the Offworld officer who had executed his son. He almost failed when he got knocked out and dragged out an airlock, the timer running out quickly. He went right back in, and at literally the last second he knocked out the pilot, took the controls, and accelerated past the station that the ship was about to dock with. He accomplished his bloody goal just a few minutes later.That gave him enough liberation points to free another Offworld station, which was just enough to open up the stronghold liberation mission for the Offworld stronghold. Taiwan, left with no family and his revenge accomplished, knew what he had to do.He rammed a ship into the stronghold while still at the pilot's seat. That night, everyone at the bar toasted to Taiwan Whiteblood, and they named the stronghold he freed Whiteblood Bastion.Heat Signature isn't just a great emergent gameplay generator, it's an amazing gaming memory generator."
,Recommended,268130,35117776,Posted: 21 September,all,Estew,"The (Short) Life of Cygnus ElvashakCygnus Elvashak was a simple man with a tragic past. His sister had been killed by the Glitchers; specifically, by a man named Gio Estralda. With a heart of fire, Elvashak raced to find the best way to exact revenge. And, as luck would have it, he became the main character... For a short while. With his Longblade and Rechargeable High Capacity Stealth Shield, he was ready!Elvashak amassed a large sum of money through missions of three difficulty types; Easy, Medium, and Hard. With his blade and shield in hand, he managed to gather what almost seemed to be randomized, but useful, loot, such as a Rechargeable Glitch Trap and Quiet Quickfire Gun.With his money, he paid for intel on his sister's killer. He tracked the man down to the exact ship, but when he boarded, Elvashak was blown away. Literally. A turret shot him and he was thrown out of the airlock.His breaching pod managed to catch him, however, and bring him back to safety! Elvashak, now being far more careful, found the ship to be much, much larger than any he had encountered before. Try as he might, Elvashak could not overcome the huge amounts of guards and sentry turrets. Taking out six men, Elvashak felt himself thrown into space yet again. Once again catching himself with his remote controlled pod, he boarded for what he knew was the last time. He would make one last effort and, failing that, retreat and try again at another point in time.Unforeseen by him, however, was the explosion of an engine. The ship was split apart, and he managed to get very, very close to his sister's killer. The ship, on the other hand, was fast approaching its destination. As the countdown ticked away, he decided to retreat. As his pod pulled away, he was blasted by an array of missiles. Barely hitting the proper buttons to keep the pod from breaking the part, he relaxed in his chair.The day was done, and he would come back another day. That is, he would have. If he hadn't been on emergency fuel.Try as he might, he could not get the trajectory correct; and once the fuel was out, life support disengaged. After multiple successful missions, liberating a station, and coming so close to avenging his sister's death, Elvashak was left to die from lack of oxygen, his pod drifting away from the known galaxy.Anyways, that's Heat Signature. Randomized loot, what feels like a personal story each and every time,  and a very intriguing retirement system that I didn't experience with Elvashak. Seems that when your character retires, he goes down as a ""Living Legend"" and can name one of his items. This item can be found by later characters you make and by your Steam friends! Very interested in trying that out.9/10, would highly recommend."
76561198081161043,Recommended,268130,35252293,Posted: 27 September,all,TheEmeraldDE,It's like Dishonored and Hotline Miami had a baby.A badass baby.A baby with spaceships and bullet time and procedural generation.I don't think this analogy works anymore.Just buy it.
76561198035871053,Not Recommended,268130,35359519,Posted: 30 September,all,Zornazak,"Let me start with this; Heat Signature is really fun. You start off feeling that you have a ton to do.But then, you start grinding. And grinding some more.And you realize that, two or three hours into the game, you have seen it all. Sure, there are incrementally better items, but there is nothing really different. You have seen the entire game, and yet you have a ton of stations left to go.So, I don't recomend the game, not because it isn't fun to start, but because the everything after that intial burst of ""Woah, that's cool!"" feels the same."
,Recommended,268130,35204063,Posted: 25 September,all,Moontone,"Hands down the best small game I've played in ages. Incredibly unique in all the ways that count nowadays, simple design with huge potential and a ton of love put into it. Oozes that 'open' spirit missing from developement post big money gaming, keeps the spirit alive. Charming art design, simple sound that delivers and doesn't try too hard. Music is cute and beepy boopy but gets you in that space operator feel. The creativity possible with the game elements at its base is extremely wide open and situational; I don't think there is another game of it's kidn that does everything this does so tactfully without a single hint of ugly DLC moneygrabbing or content choking, my hat is firmly off. The combat mechanics are clean and simple, delivering a very uncluttered experience. The pause menu system is useful and spartan like I feel they should be. No consolization Y-wheel bologna, opens alot of possibilities and creates a puzzle system feel. The space piloting element of the pod feels just like how you think space would be in 2D like those old flash games that turned into infinite space etc- clunky but not for the sake of bad controls.Docking in motion is fun at its base and when♥♥♥♥♥♥gets hectic you invoke the COME ON TARS in yourself and dock with that floating chunk of wreckage holding your rescue target (bless you warzone rescues with tight limits). The pods are all quite different and I gotta say, the Brick is a hoot to just smash♥♥♥♥♥♥with boy howdy. Window diving and catching yourself with your pod always feels just so godamn fun, the vacuum element is sweet. There is so much to discover in such a tightly packaged GAME that I can't say enough good things.Tl;dr this game has invoked a feeling of early 2000s, dreamer game design with big universes done simply- space feels like space. The dev doesn't squeeze your♥♥♥♥♥for every dollar, the game is priced very nicely. It is just, good. Please play this and get the experience, it's one of those gems.Very good."
,Not Recommended,268130,35146501,Posted: 23 September,all,Kicker,"Writing this, does not make me feel good, I quite enjoyed the Gunpoint betas I have played. And for the first 3 or so hours, it is a really fun game and there seems like a lot to do. However, you quickly realize that this game is a grindfest, and all the missions and ships blend together where it feels like you're playing the same mission, over and over and over. Fly to mission, kill kill kill, use tool use tool kill. Instead of expanding on all this, I'm just going to list out things that really bring this game down.Most of all, is this hard-coded kit-counter system. Every enemy, once you get to the hard stages, has a kit, a number of equipment they have. Such as the dreaded shield or armor. These can only be countered by a specific item, of which you may not have. In the harder ships, like the personal missions, you'll have a group of 5 guards standing around, talking, not going on patrols where you can pick them off, you have to use a specific item or you pretty much have to game it. That doesn't feel very fun. Even less fun is you have to grind to find the items, you can't buy them in your shop right away. You have to search crates on other ships until you find it, or open loot crates. Not fun. There's not any sort of fluid way to get past them many times.Samey environments: Procedural generation claims another victim. Or I should say, a generator that can't crank out very different ships. After a while, everything seems the same. The placements of the pilot and the objective change, some ships are squat while others have long spindely arms, but your path tends to be the same, more on this later. It makes for realism I'm sure, but not interesting challenges.Death a Slap on the Wrist: This is probably one of the next worst mistakes, but there is a way to virtually eliminate any consequences for failure, and it makes the game experience terrible, because you're left with chipping away at marble until you finish the mission. Buying the Offworld Angel, a pod you unlock pretty early in the game, and that only costs 20 credits, about one easy mission's payment, allows you to a. only have to get roughly close to your character before you can pick them up in space. B. and this is the big one, if you get shot, and spaced, and get back in your angel pod before death, you no longer have any lasting problems (which are just pretty much always the same, you lose some time to pick yourself up). Big problem, dealing with every near death making getting shot more and more risky makes failure always a risk to lose all your stuff, and having that not happen anymore really takes a lot of the excitement out of missions. But other games have this issue, and can get over it. System Shock 2 for example, does this a lot, and it works out, but in those you lose all your stuff where you died, and have to go back and get it and sometimes that's a challenge in its own. Not here, you basically can respawn adinfinitum at the airlock. The other thing you can do to eliminate failure is rush the pilot, if you rush the pilot, you don't even have to kill him or sometimes even knock him unconscious, if you just get him out of his chair, no more alerts no more timers, you have unlimited time to do the mission. Adds to the feeling of a grindfest.Also present in the game, many bugs, annoying zoom issues, and impossible flying large shipsHopefully you see the issues here. All solvable, but the issue is that this game needs more time in development. I know Tom has been working on this for like 4 years now, but it needs more work before its a good game.I will quickly talk about a mode the game does right. The defector missions, which you unlock as you grind your way through what I guess is a tech tree, are great. Exactly what the game should be. Handcrafted, interesting missions where you're given tools and told to solve the mission. The pilot issue is still there, but not the angel one, since if you fail the mission you have to restart it, instead of just heading home and doing another mission which is likely the exact same. But it, like gunpoint before it, provides and interesting action-stealth game that doesn't feel cheap or grindy because it focuses on planning and executing with what you have, without the need to dig around in boxes for an hour."
,Recommended,268130,35109804,Posted: 21 September,all,TheLoneStryder,(Note: My playtime is low because I played this game in it's beta phase.)Heat signature is a fantastic hotline miami style shoot-em-up game where you hop from ship to ship completing missions. These missions vary from far too easy to unimaginably hard. Gameplay is refined and graphics are pretty and fitting. Most content is randomly generated so you're never short on things to do.While I can see this game becoming stale after large hours of playtime Heat Signature is an addicting indie title well worth your money.
,Recommended,268130,35227405,Posted: 26 September,all,Jono,I accidentally assassinated a rescue target on a No Witnesses mission. I now carry his corpse around in my spacepod as though it were an albatross.
,Recommended,268130,35126253,Posted: 22 September,all,KLAYZEN,"Recipe for Heat Signature:One part Hotline MiamiOne part HitmanOne part Deus ExOne part FTLCombine into bowl, get a game that is better than the sum of its parts.I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198140058439,Recommended,268130,35118861,Posted: 21 September,all,Maks4Bard,"Once I got about an hour into the game I found a pattern forming. Accept mission, board ship, make a mistake, make a panicked plan, plan doesn't work, improvise, and then succeed? It's a ton of fun and I would highly recomment it.10/10 would shoot trash gun again"
76561198280685228,Recommended,268130,35353989,Posted: 30 September,all,404_MissingFurry,"I just went to liberate the stealthy stronghold (cant remember their name). As I docked, I was screwed because of room layout. I spent 1 minute teleporting around that room trying to get a key card. when I finally did, I went to the next room and set off an alarm. I panicked and ran through the ship trying to get to the bridge with 16-22 shielded gaurds following me when I didnt have any more crashers. I used my only swapper to swap with the pilot (which was in a room i couldnt get to because I didnt have the key card). When I got there, the pilot opened the door and fired at me. I dodged, got in the pilot chair, set a course for the stronghold, got out and activated my last emergency shield. As i was flying at high speed towards my demise, i sat there, surrounded by every guard left in the ship, and my shield wore out. I was shot, picked up and carried through the ship. Before they could throw me out, the ship hit the stronghold and exploded, killing everyone as i shouted ""worth!"". Somehow, I ended up in that new stronghold, in the elevator to the pod bay, still unconcious, just lying there. I woke up wto find i had no pod, all my stuff. and 6 secs of life if i were to be thrown out in space again. I bought a replacement pod, and retired my character.11/10would survive by the skin of my teeth again."
76561198080375062,Recommended,268130,35111642,Posted: 21 September,all,Adam,"Great game, combat feels challenging but not stressfull, the game allows for both fast paced playstyle and slow stragetic playstyle, the progression seems fast enough to feel rewarding and there always is a item much better then your current one to explore. 10/10Note : If your computer is sluggish and less then 4gb of ram then you might encounter some crashes when trying to engange largers ships"
76561198068076924,Recommended,268130,35209491,Posted: 25 September,all,Pieman,"Heat Signature is an extremely well executed interstellar stealth game. The random ships are different enough to provide countless enjoyable experiences but also similar enough to allow for the player to create their own strategies that work in many scenarios. Death is punishing, forcing you to start as a new character, but the game makes beginning again an exciting experience, so you never feel like the game is enragingly hard.PROS:-Massive replayability-Lots of items to unlock and collect-Random levels-Player can decide their own way to play (Sneaky or forceful? Kill everyone or only the target?)-Mixes strategy with luck (where will the guard go?) very well-Any mission can be done with starting items, if you are good enoughCONS:-Some may find that the ships are repetitive.BUY IF YOU LIKE: Gunpoint (same devs), Binding of Isaac (random adventures w/ dodging and skill), Hotline Miami (top-down shooter)"
,Recommended,268130,35190841,Posted: 24 September,all,Joren,"My alias?  Pansy Ophiuchus, something my wife started calling me in jest when we got together.  I wasn't a Merc then, just a scientist who fell in love with one.  Why the @#$k am I here then?  Because one piece of $4!% security guard decided to toss her out of an airlock in order to get a better share of pay from the job, while I was watching our baby daughter.  I left my daughter is with my parents, and I ... I left to get justice after no one else would help me.I'm not proud of what I've done to gain the favors and money to find him, but find him I did.  That murderous SOB thought he could in a ship filled with shielded grunts and armoured guards, with he himself in armour.  That idiot, I was going to make my vengeance karmic.  I never did tell you what I worked on, did I?  Teleportation.  I used my personal Swapper variant I've been developing to move through the entire ship, bypassing locks and confusing the heck out of the grunts and guards until I popped in right beside the SOB.  The look of shock on his face I was satisfying, even if I was suddenly surrounded by shielded or armoured personell.  Then I simply dropped a simple Glitch Trap at my feet, and teleported the SOB and an unfortunate grunt into the vacuum of space.Well, I couldn't just leave the poor boy I just spaced to die, so I swapped with him reversing our situations leaving me in space, and him alive.  Fortunately for me, my pod swung by and picked me up leaving me with the perfect view of the SOB asphyxiating while I just sat their and watched.I'm done with this life, and retiring from it as soon as I finish this beer.  I've got a daughter to raise, and I'll need all the time I've got to make sure she will know just how wonderful her mother is.  This monster that I became to get justice?  I'm going to bury it, six feet under where it belongs.Here, maybe you can use my personal project.  I won't need it anymore.  Just call it .... The Pansy's Perspective Swapper.  Heh.  That should fit, in multiple ways."
,Recommended,268130,35254739,Posted: 27 September,all,slizer,"Say you walk past a room that has 4 guards and one of them spots you. “Crap!” You may think, you’re only armed with a knife. Fortunately, you can pause the game and take all the time in the world to figure out what to do next.Step 1:Use knife to stab Guard 1.Step 2:Pick up Guard 1’s gun.Step 3:Fire gun at Guard 2.Step 4:Pick up Guard 2’s wrench.Step 5:Knock out Guard 3 with Guard 2’s wrench.Step 6:Pick up Guard 3’s wrench.But, oh no! Guard 4 is out of range of the wrench’s swing and the rest of the items you grabbed are on cooldown. Once you unpause there will only be a fraction of a second before that guard shouts “INTRUDER!” at the top of his voice, alerting the whole ship.What do?These kinds of situations are whereHeat Signatureshines. The next thing in the chain isStep 7:ThrowGuard 3’s wrench at Guard 4, beaning him and knocking him out cold.The game is filled with moments like this and there is a huge selection of modifiers to change the dynamics of the weapons and items.POSITIVESHuge range of items to suit any play style. Want to go loud and proud? Take an armour piercing shotgun! Want to be nothing more than a ghost? Take a stealth shield and some teleporters! Want to really annoy the guards? Hack their turrets so they turn on their masters!Excellent sense of humour. The game is created by Tom Francis, mastermind behindGunpoint. If you enjoyed the writing of that, you’ll find many similarities here.The gameplay is really not that difficult. When enemies spot you the game goes into slow-motion, giving you more time to react. You can pause the game at any time to assess the situation and mouse-over guards to see what they’re holding and their alert status. Even when you get detected the game gives you a timer within which you can; A) Escape, or B) Knock out the pilot to stop the countdown.Failure is a temporary inconvenience. There’s no penalty if you fail a mission and if you play missions with clauses (e.g. “Bloodless” – don’t kill anyone) and you happen to fail the clause, you’ll still get paid if you complete the main objective. Even getting a character captured by the enemies is a temporary affair, as you can then use another character to go and rescue them.Characters are not persistent but the galaxy is. The more you play with a certain character, the less you will be rewarded. Instead, you are expected to retire that character once you complete their personal mission and move on to someone new, meaning you don’t have to worry about the cool gear they have, as everything you have unlocked can be purchased by the next character.Sharing items and characters between friends. When you retire a character, you have the opportunity to pass on a single item with a customised name. These items then have a chance to be found in crates or bought from stores in both yours and your Steam friends’ galaxies. Likewise, if a character is captured by the enemy one of your friends can save them! (Beware though, if a friend saves them before you can, they get to keep that character and all the items. You lose them.)Different enemy factions(Offworld Security, the Glitchers, Sovereign, and the Foundry)use different items and have different ship layouts, varying the gameplay. Higher difficulty missions also give these enemies extra buffs like shields, teleporters, armour and armourthat explodes[i/]!Excellent sound design and music. Each item has a distinct sound so you know exactly what’s going on. The music transitions between bright and peppy, grand and echoing and dramatic and fast-paced without ever seeming jarring.NEGATIVESLimited level design. The ships all share the same basic concepts: small rooms with barriers, large empty rooms, long twisting corridors, etc. It also becomes easy to infer how the interior of the ship will look based on its exterior shape. If the ship is a long rectangle it will most likely have some long corridors with few rooms. If the ship is a triangle it will have many small rooms with corridors twisting between them.Confusing/frustrating ships. Some ships just have long, winding corridors that are annoying to navigate when under a strict time limit. Other ships, especially those belonging to the Glitchers faction, are a jumbled mess of conflicting colours and objects that make it difficult to understand where enemies are located and what parts of the room you can actually stand in or hide behind.UNDECIDEDMinimal amount of story. For some people, story is the highest priority, others don’t care.Heat Signaturehas just enough narrative to justify its existence and make it interesting, but it’s much more about theexperiencesyou have using all the different items and how you get yourself out of sticky situations.Simplistic nature. The overarching goal is to complete enough missions in order toliberate all the space stations and stop the galactic war.Considering a character can be started and completed in about an hour, less if you are skilled or particularly lucky, and the fact that there are many space stations, you’re going to be grinding for a while if your only goal is to complete the game.CONCLUSIONOverall, I am a big fan ofHeat Signature. I’ve been following its development from the beginning and seeing how it has changed is quite interesting. The game is well worth playing, witty banter between characters, a wide variety of armaments and gadgets with which you can complete your assigned tasks and that classic Tom Francis flair of knocking people out of windows."
,Recommended,268130,35176005,Posted: 24 September,all,miahmiah,"I found myself at the bottom of a glass on a space station, with nine credits left and a friendly tip that the owner could help me find my son. I worked for the mysterious woman earning enough credits for the gear I would need to assault the system security ship that would be transporting my son, the last of my family.With payment in hand and carrying as much high tech weaponry and gadgets as I could, I took the intercept coordinates and headed out. What I didn't want to think about was waiting for me when I got there, a challenge too difficult for me to overcome.The armored guard exploded as I cut through their suit with my short blade, a dead man's trigger I did not expect. I was gravely wounded, the alarm sounded, and within minutes the pilot had us docked at a nearby station, leading to my capture and failure.And now I wait with a sliver of hope that my last friend in the galaxy will somehow find a way to break me out of here so that I can try again."
,Recommended,268130,35234787,Posted: 26 September,all,kome360,"You know how most stealth games have you think outside the box?This is one hell of a box.For instance, have you ever thought to yourself, ""if I jailbreak my personal teleporter so that it swaps me and a guard, I could then use my space hammer to pummel one opponent into another, throw the hammer at the one pointing his gun at me, and then finish up by grabbing the keycard he dropped so I can go back to my starting position and whack the first guard in the back for funsies""... there's an app for that.If you've also thought ""gee whiz, the ship I was stealthily infiltrating to steal a prototype has just collided into a meteor and everyone is on red alert and going to enter an enemy base for repairs in ten seconds, can I use my personal teleporter to mark my current position warp straight to the target in the next room, then use my ship to bash that portion of the ship my marker is in so it breaks apart from the rest of the hull, then grab the target just before I'm teleported back to that now-dislodged room so that my ship can attach to the frayed ends and grab me"".... there's an app for that.And if you've thought ""wow, there are so many armored mooks that I didn't bring enough armor-piercing ammunition, I wonder if I can leave the ship and go back to the base where I can purchase a grenade launcher that can generate grenade-like flashbangs that push a two-ton power-armored target into the walls while also giving them massive brain damage, all without killing them?""... there's an app for that.Heat Signature, the game where you use superior technology to figure out where everyone on a spaceship is and then come up with the most creative way to ruin their lives."
76561198019294055,Recommended,268130,35110093,Posted: 21 September,all,nickofullysicko,"awesome game, escape velocity, mixed with hotline miami with that gunpoint feel. Definitely recommend"
76561198012962011,Recommended,268130,35228240,Posted: 26 September,all,zantetsuken,"An absolute blast. Satisfying puzzle solving, smart procedural generation, strong aesthetic. Is there anything wrong with Heat Signature? Please add a co-op mode :P"
76561198097418723,Recommended,268130,35171804,Posted: 23 September,all,[MKN] Walrus,"Pretty much FTL + HOTLINE MIAMIAnd that is not an bad thing very fun and easy to get lost with. There is an ""just one more mission kind of feeling"" to this game and I like that."
,Recommended,268130,35276190,Posted: 28 September,all,Lost One,"If you played Gunpoint, you will like this game. But I find this game is more difficualt that GP. That is not a bad thing. It is a deeper game, with more ways to get around issues than GP. There is definitely a learning curve.If you like puzzle-solving or creative problem-solving, you will like this game. You can choose to tackle problems head on, through stealth, or through suberterfuge. It seems like a small game at first, but the more you play, the more you find to do in it."
,Recommended,268130,35363838,Posted: 30 September,all,Stone Them - Piers Morgi,"This review follows the story of an early playthrough, which I feel summarises the game astutely.-Thrust into the perilous occupation of breaking into guarded space ships, I find myself with a wrench and a rechargeable swapper. Determined to rescue my captured daughter from the tyrant force named “The Foundry”, I needed to gather a crown jewel’s worth of credit to pay off a rather stingy comrade for intelligence- something in retrospect I could have asked anyone.The first job I sought out was one labelled with the frankly ominous title of “Audacious”. Needless to say, I was peppered with Foundry bullets at a minute’s notice, before being flung out an open airlock, into the endless void of space- accompanied by my alarmingly long stream of blood and loose space waste left by the occasional space diabetic.All was not lost however, as I immediately remote controlled my space pod towards my location. Steering it into a head on collision with me, as if I were a deer in the headlights of a speeding car seemed like a good idea at the time. To my confusion, instead of turning into a loose mixture of human paste and scattered space suit remnants, I was teleported directly inside my pod, my wounds healed and brain wholly conscious.The next mission went a little better- by a little better I mean, I obtained a weapon prototype before accidently destroying it with an albeit, excessive use of its function.Proceeding that mission with another saw a similar result. A Foundry target in need of a large bash to the head and a conversation with allied interrogators saw a fatal end, as I accidently threw a rather large sword into his exposed chest.Still, not the worst thing that could have happened. I could at least mime out a conversation with the withering remains of my wouldbe captive in place of an interrogation, as a display of initiative to my superiors.I knew this trend wasn't exactly a recipe for the successful rescue of my daughter. Which is why, white knuckled throughout, I pulled off a string of successful missions, with more refined and creative approaches.Assassinations, hostage rescues and hijackings alike- toppled over by my growingly large skill set and larger inventory assortment.One time, I dove through a highly equipped space ship full of armoured and shielded enemies. For what I lacked in armour piercing weaponry, I made up for in swappers and crashers; the former of which for swapping places with any living person and the latter for disabling electronic devices such as shields.Through the corridors of the spaceship, where others may have cleaned out with shotgun blasts- I leapt through locked doors and solid walls using the swapper, towards the captain; where I could disable his shield with my crasher and slice him in two with a longsword, before smashing a window with my live target- into the safe confines of my space pod.The whole process felt exhilarating.Before long, I laundered enough money to pay my peer for information concerning the whereabouts of my daughter.The mission was labelled “Mistake” which I felt was rather unfair considering it was for the reunion of me and my daughter, but I nether the less bought all the necessary tools money can buy.And so, I took off towards the Foundry space ship.Armour-piercing gun in hand and an inventory full of gadgets, I stormed the ship. Populated by armoured guards, heat sensors and key card operated doors, the ship was no light matter. My foresaid daughter was detained in a room locked by a level 5 security door, the keys to which are being held by a single patrolling guard. I made steady progress through the ship, reaching level 4 of security, where I killed the captain. To my surprise as well as everyone onboard, the ship was under fire from a conflicting faction, “The Sovereign” as they’re called. They were persistent and evidently had no intention of ceasing fire on a captain-less ship.One after the other, holes were blown through the ship’s hull, the section of which was steadily creeping closer towards me. Now, I was in front of the room my captured daughter was being held captive, behind a level 5 security door. No matter, I thought to myself. I’ll just go and fetch the key holder- before realising he was sucked into the vacuum of space through one of the holes in the ship’s hull. Easy fix, I’d use the swapper to switch positions with my daughter, in time of a shattering window that will blow her off into space, where I scooped her up with my remote-controlled pod. After which, I'd just use the swapper once more, to escape from the room I’ve trapped myse- then I noticed I was out of swapper charges.The cruelest joke.I stood there- trapped inside an inescapable room on a disintegrating space ship, as my daughter solemnly drifted away inside the confines of my space pod.I stood up close, gazing upon the level 5 security door, as I waited for my inevitable demise.Seriously, buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Recommended,268130,35140532,Posted: 22 September,all,RustyPeaches,"Waiting for this game since the original NerdCubed video, and I'm unbelievably happy with the end product. This game is amazing in every way. I can't recommend it enough.The game creates it's own narative and story through your characters and their personal goals. The fighting is meaty and slicing someone with a sword, clunking them with a wrench or gunning them down is fantastic. Also, blowing out a window and watching some goons get spaced is as rewarding as it sounds.For fans of Hotline Miami, Doorkickers, and anything space-oriented. This game is amazing.Also, the station, Salt Station 18, is a fantastic shoutout to the cult classic which can't be named, but if you know, you know. ;)10/10 - Better than I could have hoped and I intend to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game for MANY, MANY (hundreds) of hours."
76561198006141937,Recommended,268130,35195055,Posted: 24 September,all,Black Monday Blues,"This game is insanely awesome.  I just spent 10 hours into it without realizing the time had past.If you loved Hotline Miami, this is everything it was and so much more!I've been fighting through a huge freighter ship, with pretty much the whole crew on my tail, low on supplies and just passing the last gate to get my rescue target.  There I sit, paused, holding my rescue target as I realize I have nothing left, and at least 50 armed guards in the hallway out.  I run back into the room, throw my capture target on the ground and blow out the window sending us all into space.  Little did they know, I had my pod sitting outside waiting for an extraction just like this.10/10, would throw self out of space window again."
,Recommended,268130,35192655,Posted: 24 September,all,Gunrun,"Cristo Fury succeeded in killing the person that killed his brother, but only because he managed to steal a ship that had 4 rocket launchers on it. There was no way he was going to be able to infiltrate a ship full of teleporting shotgun wielding guards who explode violently on death, even with the ability to pause time and an arsenal of teleporters and guns at his disposal.Instead he just parked along side the nerdowells ship and began surgically disassembling it with rockets till one of the bits that fell off had the assassin in it. He docked with that rapidly spinning compartment, found the unconcious assassin, planted an explosive charge, and left.Stories you will create, like this, are why you should play this game."
76561198035916375,Recommended,268130,35251522,Posted: 27 September,all,Mr Threepwood,"Thoroughly well made, space stealth infiltration game....Well the stealth is optional, since there are hundereds of ways of killing enemies, and since you can pause time mid combat, you can plan out attacks and execute them with precision.Scenario: you have about 3/4 longblades.-You enter a room full of guards.-You dash like a ninja and kill the first one, pause time, take aim, execute, switch weapons to avoid cool down, repeat.-No alarms, no gunshots, just cold steel.Now you are playing a space ninja simulator.Very well balanced with weapons and gadgets having their own roles to play, the scope of this game is amazing, runs really smoothly.Difficulty curve is fine because you get to choose which missions you do.I really approve of its versatility:You can play it as a hack 'n' slash, as a sneaky stealth game, as some hybrid between the two.Would love to see a mechanic that allows you to save replays of you taking a ship, so that you can watch back all the action without the pauses, would look incredible!Highly recommended. This game is something special."
,Recommended,268130,35469228,Posted: 4 October,all,Aliandris,"A bloody fantastic game. One of the greatest rogue-lites I've ever played. Makes Mission Impossible look like tea with your nan. If this were a movie, it would be revolutionary in the same way the Matrix was.It makes yelling ""Nobody move, or the window gets it!"" a credible threat.11/10, would teleport, swap, glitch, and sprint my way across a huge ship just to force hammer the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who killed my daughter out the ♥♥♥♥ing window of a spaceship."
,Recommended,268130,35130446,Posted: 22 September,all,DeJeR,"I rarely review games. Heat Sig is worth an exception.This game is amazing. You think you're clever, until you accidentally find an ingenious solution (assassination mission? Just blow up the ship!). Watching anyone else play is equally fun to see other novel ways of completing missions.Heat Sig is a indie game masterpiece, and at an amazing price. Pick it up."
,Recommended,268130,35186839,Posted: 24 September,all,NikaSharkeh,"Hotline Miami plus FTL in one.Quick frantic top-down one-hit-knockout combat with doors shenanigans and throwing stuff, combined with tactical pause, strategy and equipment preparation. Permadeath roguelike, but everything happens in one persistant universe. Captured a station with one character? It stays captured for your faction forever for all future characters. Unlocked a rare upgrade? All future characters can now purchase it in regular shops, etc etc.And remember, if everything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥, shoot out an portside window and throw yourself out of it"
,Recommended,268130,35264006,Posted: 28 September,all,jfk,"This game is incredibly fun. If you like incredible things, or fun, then please do yourself a favour and buy it. And play it. But that part goes without saying, ... right? ANYWAY! JUST PLAY THIS GAME!! I'M USING CAPITOLS NOW I'M SO ENTHUSIASTIC ABOUT GETTING YOU TO PLAY THIS GAME! C'mon, you know you're interested. Just do it. Do it. [whispers] do it- OH, COME ON. JUST PLAY IT ALREADY!"
,Recommended,268130,35227999,Posted: 26 September,all,MisterS42,"This is an amazing game that is very similar to Hotline Miami in terms of the actual gameplay. Where it differentiates itself, however, is in the tactics department. At any moment in Heat Signature you can pause the live gameplay and make an educated decision regarding your next move or action. This take on game tactics is further improved by the vast amount of options at your disposal during that pause in gameplay.For example you could find yourself assaulted by two guards, one of which has just fired a shot at you. You could: 1) Use an item that swaps places with that guard, which will kill him with his own bullet and then dispose of the second guard while he is confused. 2) Teleport behind the shooting guard and knock him out with a wrench then fire a shot at the second guard before he figures out what is happening. 3) Use an item to slow down time then side step the bullet and dispose of each of the guards with your own gun. These are just three options which come to mind, but there are countless other ways to handle this specific situation.The vast amount of variables and options create an amazing science fiction themed toy box for you to play around in for countless hours. I was a participant in a beta for this game and have clocked many hours in addition to my current steam counter.This game has a ton of content for the value and if you're a fan of the gameplay of Hotline Miami, you should not be disappointed."
,Recommended,268130,35319908,Posted: 29 September,all,Interloping Egret,"Sometimes, things just work out, and the ai works with you.Sometimes, things go to straight to hell, and the only solution is coasting away from your target, eating the loss.But then, sometimes? Sometimes, things go completely♥♥♥♥♥♥up, but you manage to squeak it out. That's the least often occurence of the three, but when you make it happen, it's glorious.Plus, rapid fire updates that (so far) haven't broken a save, by a dev that you can tell truly cares about what they're making.---One issue I have is it's difficult to be sure what's cover, and what's set dressing. Not a dealbreaker, but it can get annoying. All in all, a wonderfully frustrating game."
76561198024845522,Recommended,268130,35121864,Posted: 21 September,all,Inviktys,"This game is special, let me tell you why.These were the objectives-Assassinate a shielded target(my weapons couldn't hurt him)-Don't kill the other crew members-Finish before my hotpocket was doneSo here's what I did1) Knocked out the crew2) Dragged them to my pod3) Attracted the target to my location4) Destroyed a reactor that blew a hole in the ship5) Stepped back in time for the airlock door to close6) Watch my target get vented out into space7) still had 20 seconds before my hot pocket was finished.It is a lean, mean, systemic stealth sandbox machine"
,Recommended,268130,35291517,Posted: 29 September,all,beats off Horses.,"- Can hijack space ships.-Can use hijacked space ship to take out other ships.- Go on suicide missions.- Steal space gadgets.- Make peopleASSUME ROOM TEMPERTURE.- Can crash space ships,WITH NO SURVIVORS.10/10 would space terrorist again."
76561198055751007,Recommended,268130,35198420,Posted: 25 September,all,johannespetzold,"It's an underpriced gem. Unique and engaging blend of game concepts (but still focused on clear ideas), with a high level of polish hinting at a lot of developer passion. First ""roguelike"" that really clicked for me - the core mechanics and player freedom are balanced just right to create memorable experiences and unexpected twists without relying on a scripted story. Intense but not stressful, thanks to the ability to pause anytime to plan the next move; almost gives it a turn-based feel. Can be played on easier missions for a while, but for some of the later progress you have to go through at least a few harder missions. I hit a wall early on, but luckily didn't give up until my skill finally improved. There are many items/gadgets that can help, but over time I've also started enjoying playing with minimal items (e.g. whatever comes with a fresh character) for an even more focused experience. It can absolutely be possible to pick the hardest available mission with a completely fresh character with no fancy items, and still beat it because there are so many ways to achieve your goal - immense satisfaction. Even though there's no real story, the game's mini-universe actually feels pretty immersive - there are no transitions between screens, it's all seamlessly mousewheel-zoomable from a close-up of your character all the way to a map of the entire universe. Music is great and adds to immersion as well. The concept is new, but other games came to mind for certain aspects - ""hotline miami in space"" is probably the closest, but it can also be more stealthy/tactical almost like the old ""commandos"" games."
76561198254470777,Not Recommended,268130,35497300,Posted: 5 October,all,crypticc62,"There's a lot to like about Heat Signature: the gameplay is unique and entertaining, the aesthetics are top-notch, and the procedural generation means you'll really never play the same mission twice.The unfortunate truth is that you'll experience everything you like about the game within the first hour. After that, you will  likely start to accumulate a wishlist of ""Why aren't there..."" ideas. Some examples:... alien races with different traits or abilities?... cloaked enemies?... security cameras?... doors with retinal/thumbprint access rather than physical keys?... ""Bloodbath"" or ""Massacre"" contracts that require you to kill all enemies?... ""Protector"" or ""Guardian"" contracts that require you to defend a friendly ship from invaders?... robots?... more distinct patrol/spawning patterns for enemy troops?... decoy beacons?... enemies with peripheral vision?... mind control tools?... stations to be liberated with perks that are actually interesting?... theft missions with an objective that you might want to keep, giving you a real choice between completing the mission or hoarding some unique loot?... obstacles to avoid when flying between locations?Hopefully there will be an expansion or player-made mod in the near future that will breathe some much-needed life into this game. Until then, I'd recommend holding off for now."
76561198002250374,Not Recommended,268130,35248242,Posted: 27 September,all,Zaurask,"So, before I go on and show my cards on why my personal experience with this game hasn't been exactly positive, I first would like to throw out there that I'm generally not a fan of randomly generated elements in games or roguelites as a whole.If you do enjoy those aspects in a game, than by all means, ignore this review and go for it, because it just might be up your alley!As for the parts that really drew this game down for me, here they are.I make a strong comparison between hotline miami and heat signature when it comes to gameplay.This was also one of the bigger reasons I actually bought the game!I am a big fan of the topdown one-hit-and-you're-dead gameplay style which demands a fast response time and some clever thinking of the player on how to best approach a situation.And in it's purest form, you get that in spades!The main meat of the game is you running through a space ship with an objective in mind, taking out guards, disabling security systems and maybe grabbing some loot along the way.So far so good!However, to get to that main juicy meat part, which for me, was most of the fun, you have to travel to your destitation (the spaceship) in a pod after accepting the mission.This consist of you holding the left mouse button for a while, as the ship flies towards the direction you're holding the mouse, and sometimes press the right mouse button (""the break"") in order to allign your pod with the airlock of your target spaceship.That's all.And you will have to do this every single time after accepting a mission before you get to pull out your gun (or wrench of longsword or whatever) and enjoy that big juicy fat greasy main meat part of the game.After a while, this just started to annoy me, like it was some annoying bump between me and my fun.Also, aside from that, I'm not a big fan of the ""time limit equals difficulty"" equasion within games.I am aware that Heat Signature is mostly randomly generated, from characters to the actual interiors of the spaceships, but stamping a time limit on what would otherwise be an easy or a medium difficulty mission and then call it a hard or very hard mission simply seems like lazy game design in my eyes.Again, I'm just stating the problems I personally had with the game and am in no way saying that these are big gamebreaking faults which completely make the game unenjoyable.If you can live with the flying mini-game between each mission and are okay with time limits in missions, then by all means, this game leaks quality on all other fronts and you should definitely pick it up if you can spare the cheddar.But for me personally, the 2 stated problems I have experienced, did make me want to stop playing quite soon after buying, so for the like-me-minded individuals out there, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198012793971,Not Recommended,268130,35194974,Posted: 24 September,all,Momentary,"Often described as ""Hotline Miami in space"", I thought I would really like this game. I did at first, but after playing for awhile I found that the lack of cohesive story line (at least that I could discern) and lack of purposeful level design really set it apart from HM. Which isn't to say that there is no story line, it just seems split up among 100 random characters you play. I didn't play so many of those characters that I could see if they were repetitious or not, but ultimately the mission they send you on to complete your story line is one of the 3 kinds available. Those 4 were assassinate, capture, steal or hijack. There might be different stipulations with those sure, like don't sound the alarm or don't kill anyone, but really you're doing all the same things.  The small amount of weapons, enemies and mission types quickly make the game boring. I enjoyed the simple graphics, they felt right at home with the gameplay. And the gameplay was what really shined in this game. The use of pause, slow mo and teleporting lets you solve scenarios in creative ways. Unfortunately you start to see those same scenarios over and over again very quickly.It isn't that I don't think this game can be fun, it can be! But there really isn't a lot of depth to it, and once you reach the bottom of that very shallow pond you may find yourself feeling disappointed like I did. On the other hand, I really wouldn't blame anyone for loving this game, and if the developer adds some content I feel like it could be a really great game."
,Recommended,268130,35116028,Posted: 21 September,all,Excrubulent,"Ignore the played time, I've already played in the beta, and this game is utterly fantastic.  I was gutted when the beta ended and I had to wait a whole day for it to come out.Heat Signature has experimented in a number of areas and as far as I'm concerned it's gotten them absolutely right.First off the in the action-stealth-tactical-shooter-stabby gameplay, the way you're allowed to pause at any moment to consider your next move, the way time slows down when you aim or when you're spotted, the way you have just a very short window to take out a guard before they sound the alarm, it all works incredibly well, and it feels fantastic.  When you get it right you feel like you ONLY JUST MADE IT, LIKE A BOSS, and when you get it wrong, it's almost always because you rushed in and didn't plan your next move right.  My big mistake early on was not learning to pause often enough, but once I figured out that I needed to execute an action and then pause immediately to set up the next move, everything just clicked.The other big innovation is in the rogue-lite gameplay.  Permadeath can be frustrating, but I feel like this game strikes a balance between paying for your mistakes with the loss of your character, and feeling a sense of real progression in between characters.  The world map keeps progressing, you can switch between characters when one of them reaches an impasse, and you keep unlocking new gear as you go along, with a random chance to find or buy really epic, overpriced gear.  Each character has a personal mission they're working towards, and when they die it does hurt, but if you pay attention you can always bail on a mission and try another one.  You have multiple chances to rescue them.  One of my favourite feelings is bailing on a mission by smashing a window and flying out into space, then remote controlling my pod to pick me up before I run out of oxygen.Also, I don't know if I missed the information somewhere in the game, but it's worth knowing that if you don't succeed at a personal mission the first time, you can always bail and try again.  I didn't realise that and I lost a few characters thinking I had to finish the mission in a single go, so I was 100% committed and I didn't bail when I could have.Anyway, if you liked Hotline Miami, Dishonored, Deus Ex, Frozen Synapse, Commandos, Gunpoint, Nuclear Throne, Caveblazers, Monaco, Mark of the Ninja, basically anything in the rogue-like, action-stealth or tactical genres, then this game is for you.  If you don't know what any of that means, try this game.  If you don't like it I'll eat my wrench."
,Recommended,268130,35118087,Posted: 21 September,all,NOPper,"Fun sandboxy kind of game where you can come up with complex plans and watch them explode in your face. I've blown myself out of airlocks, teleported folks I was trying to rescue into space, and threw fully loaded shotguns at guards packing shields. It's pretty fun, especially at this price."
,Recommended,268130,35120632,Posted: 21 September,all,Starcaptain10,"Large Glitcher ship, heavily armed, full of armored guards. Pod entirely out of gas. Barely made it into the frigate.Stealth fails him, alarm is rung, bullets wiz past.4 seconds left on the timer, he uses his last slipstream to superspeed his way to the cockpit and twist just before the clock ran out, when an explosion from a stray bullet goes off in the room connected to it by a short hallway and Paris Dunkle (Last name escapes me) is sucked out into the vacuum.I pause the game to take inventory, I have 9 shotgun rounds, a wrench, and a few hacker dohickys.""Oh dear,"" I think to myself as I take the shotgun and begin letting shots loose.7 Rounds in the magizine. Closing in on the ship.5 rounds. we might actually pull this stunt off!3. 2. we've caught up with the twirling metal box of doors and openings,1 shot left.I see the door coming,last chance. time my shot appropriately, aim,  and release the mouse, hoping for my one skillful play of the year.Shot rings out, and next thing i know hes back inside the ship of heavily armored soldiers with guns and turrets, and no teleporters, oh my...Paris determines that he's already seen everything and retires via the airlock.We drink to you Paris.note: this was just within the first 3 hours of gameplay, and i think im in love."
76561197989442376,Recommended,268130,35226168,Posted: 26 September,all,Bowser 3000,"I love this game!This game is ""basically"" a Hotline Miami in space with procedurally generated levels (read: spaceships) where you can use a variety of weapons and gadgets with different effects to let you complete your mission by any means necessary.Also, each mission you complete gets you closer to liberating a space station occupied by one of the 4 factions in your procedurally generated galaxy.PS: you can pause at any given time to think about what you can do next, or to take a deep breath when nothing is going according to the plan, and you stare at the 10 guards shooting at you, while thinking ""wow i'm in deep sh*t aren't I"""
,Recommended,268130,35343886,Posted: 30 September,all,CoolRanchDust420,"After seeing this game all over Rock Paper Shotgun I had written it off as ""just another one of *those*"" and assumed that my favorite gaming media site was losing its touch, devoting front page space to dime-a -dozen roguetrash. I've been exposed to all manner of good and bad roguelike/procedurally generated games (probably my favorite genre), more than enough to make me wary when these titles are released. Noticing Heat Signature pop up in many places, I decided to actually WATCH the launch trailer on Steam and found myself completely sold. Purchased on impulse and have been absolutely absorbed ever since. I literally daydream about playing this while I'm at work.Heat Signature is an amazingly creative game. The emergent mechanics it sells itself on are absolutely no joke. You will lose great characters on missions you thought you could absolutely handle because of♥♥♥♥♥♥you really should have paid attention to. Sometimes you'll be backed into a corner and forced to try something RIDICULOUS, then feel like a living sci-fi legend when it all pans out and soon you're puttering home across the nebula with an unconscious capture target drooling in the back of your pod and your pockets laden with all of his nice stuff.The core gameplay loop here is enthralling. Not exactly perfect, though the Dev has indicated willingness to carry on tweaking post-release. Hopefully we see some modding tools or something of the sort - Heat Signature's long-term appeal is proportional to its variety. Variety, in a procedurally generated game, scales exponentially with content and content is something gamers like myself would be thrilled to contribute.I only give this game 9/10 because I don't want to come off as fanatical, but it is really damn good. If you think you might like it, you will like it."
76561198053373372,Recommended,268130,35130832,Posted: 22 September,all,Dodger,"This game has more personality in it's tutorial than most games have in an entire campaign. Tom Francis is a bloody legend, I didn't think it would be possible to top Gunpoint, but this game has blown me away so far. The design, art, writing and music are all incredible. Easy 12/10"
76561198012800978,Recommended,268130,35128589,Posted: 22 September,all,Jawschey,This game is a mechanical masterpiece. God damn is it ever addicting and complex
,Recommended,268130,35199647,Posted: 25 September,all,Maxwell Sinclair,"This game encourages thinking outside the box. Literally. In any other space based game, decompression would be fatal, or incredibly dangerous. In Heat Signature it is merely another tool in your toolbox... did I say toolbox? I should really have said your massive wheeled toolchest. The solutions to problems in this game are plentiful, and many obstacles can be overcome in multiple ways, allowing for a wide range of creativity.The combination between frantic top down action and tactical gameplay is fantastic. The gadgetry is often as hilarious as it is useful, especially when you start bringing about teleporters that all function in different ways, time dilation devices etc. The enemies commit the fatal sin of letting the vacuum of space decide your fate, if they manage to hit you, which means that with a little skill, a death is not necessarily going to be a death, though it will get harder to survive next time.The persistence of characters in the universe is very well done and the game actively encourages changing characters often, sending others to the hall of fame, or letting newer blood continue unlocking gear, until you can return to them, and tool them up with the kit necessary to do their own personal mission.The game will, eventually get a little repetitive, however I've put close to 4 hours in so far and I'm not even close to having explored every possible route. I have however discovered my favorite, which involves wrenches and decking everyone in the face with them."
,Recommended,268130,35211204,Posted: 25 September,all,Otter Flooflord™,"Heat Signature: Because Ice can't sign autographs.Heat Signature is simply a fun game.Can't spend hours on it, like a quarter of a match of Civ5 that makes me go ""Wait, it's 5am already?! I just had lunch a minute ago!"".But for an hour, or two, a quick mission or see how many outposts I can liberate in a row before I forget to retire someone, it's an incredibly fun and adicting game.It has a feel of Hotline Miami, mixed with FTL, mixed with a bit of Dark Souls 2 ""hollow system"" everytime you die. When you get shot, you lose time you can keep alive next time, so your life gets shorter and shorter each time.An advice I can give people, is to take your time, plan, and remember to pause a lot. It'll save your♥♥♥♥♥♥ A lot. An assload of a lot."
,Recommended,268130,35126085,Posted: 22 September,all,Helion,>Infiltrating a big ship>loads of guards everywhere>make my way to my target>i ready myself for the kill>gunshot.mp3>ohshit.jpg>accidentally shot my target instead of knocking him out>alarms blaring>20 seconds to get out>mama aint gon be happy>10 seconds left>why the hell is my ship so far away?>5 seconds left>( ͡☉ ͜ʖ ͡☉)>use the time manipulator>see a window>i book it>0 second left>( ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ)>shot the window out>gets sucked in to space>and the guards too>floating in space slowly suffocating>my ship picks me up>went home and retired>10/10 would attempt suicide again ･ᴗ･
76561198075857284,Recommended,268130,35117076,Posted: 21 September,all,Binary,This game is amazing. I have never been so addicted to death of my own character. It's crazy! MUST BUY
76561197966533238,Recommended,268130,35116738,Posted: 21 September,all,Catpain Slackbladder,Really cool spaceship infiltration sim. Cool abilities and weapons combo to make fun calamity!
,Recommended,268130,35116789,Posted: 21 September,all,Chedda Chease,"If you liked Hotline Miami like me you might be interested in this game, though I do not have many hours logged so far it gave me great memories of Hotline Miami. The game is not exactly like Hotline Miami though, it is a easier game and less punishing when you make a mistake. The music is still uncomparable to Hotline Miami. (I mean that♥♥♥♥♥♥was nice AF) If you have played HM and want to rest your eardrums and play a game similar to the game that broke your headphones this is the choice for you. If you want a more hardcore game I find this a easy relaxing game and this may not be the game for you. (I bought hotline Miami on a different account if you are wondering.) Over all i have had much fun with this game and totaly recommend it."
76561197970344902,Recommended,268130,35117252,Posted: 21 September,all,Blastaz,Fun. Much more kinetic than I thought it would be. A bit of chaotic fun.
76561198071362606,Recommended,268130,35116990,Posted: 21 September,all,MARIBRO,Very fun and very awesome game. I cant get enough. If you enjoy hotline miami you should try this game out. If you like FTL you should try this out. If you like flying around space kicking♥♥♥♥♥you should try this out.
,Recommended,268130,35117053,Posted: 21 September,all,SirusTheMadDJ,"If you're a fan of the Hotline Miami games, this is right up your street. Good in short bursts, and with the harder missions requiring a lot more foward planning and a dose of crazy, Tom's done it again."
76561198037079810,Recommended,268130,35116613,Posted: 21 September,all,Biozak,"It's 3 A.M. played for 4 hours straight, nuff said.But seriously very entertaining game, the choose your own style is very cool plus the challenge missions which essentially force you to try new things really help finding what you enjoy, i did one 100% stealth, just sneak behind people and grab keys, didnt even use any tools.Highly reccomed if you enjoy something along the lines of FTL, both because of the atmosphere (or lack thereof, sorry) and the pause tactics. i havent reached the very hardest missions yet but i defiently find that different missions require completely different tools and tactics so almost definetly some longevity to the game.ran into a couple of bugs but nothing game-breaking, honestly if you expect an open game with 2 people who wrote any of it's code to not have any bugs you are crazy, plus they could get fixed."
,Recommended,268130,35125048,Posted: 22 September,all,Xelias,"""there's a lot of hypse around that game, But I'm not sure if it's this fun.""That was my opinion before I played it. I had a look at the different builds of the game and made my opinion on it, it looked very ""rogue-like""-like and seemed to be a bit short on content and... ""motivation"" to do things.OH BOYThe game is great, the gunpoint devs made something exciting and really interesting that can get your blood pumping.  ""Hotlie miami in space"" is often what people like to call it, but this is a brand new beast with a ton of items to play around with.Great Game so far. Only bemol is the shortage of dialogue, the few in the games are just as good as gunpoint's and are crually missed."
,Recommended,268130,35114524,Posted: 21 September,all,Dong Kong,"So far, seems pretty great. Game opens up almost right away, and the game just feels rather nice to play - the ship physics work well, and the interior gunplay is excellent (think Hotline Miami with some nifty teleportation and a pause button). Art is decent, and all the ship interiors I've encountered so far have generated well. Only fault I can add at this time is the sound - there just isn't very much of it. I mean, I get it's space after all - there isn't any sound IRL, but from a gameplay point of view it just makes everything that should feel pretty heavy (like ships blowing apart whilst you stand inside them) rather weightless (again, space, haha whatever). All in all I'd say it's worth it, especially at £10 - Tom Francis has done it again."
,Recommended,268130,35139550,Posted: 22 September,all,Frosty,"Hotline Miami in Space with persistant inventory, missions, various characters with their own personal missions to accomplish."
76561198044630805,Recommended,268130,35138965,Posted: 22 September,all,Guts,"My dude died last night when he was two rooms away from saving his girlfriend on his personal mission. She would've never even realised that he cared or tried to save her, locked away in her cell. Such a downer. It was more of a become-sad-and-go-to-bed-quit than a ragequit.This is a great game. Tom Francis puts so much love into all his projects. The feeling that he had fun making the game definitely translates over to the gameplay I recommend it wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,268130,35123217,Posted: 22 September,all,WhiskeyShotguns,"I've only played 2 hrs.This developer's previous game, Gunpoint, was one of the most original, creative, and fun indie titles of all time. This game follows suit. I have yet to access the more complicated gameplay situations, since new weapons and items as well as enemies and missions types are unlocked the more the player progresses, but I'm sure I will because this game is compelling as ♥♥♥♥ and I want to keep playing it.It's about situations. You may go into a mission with a plan but that plan will probably not work out. When it doesn't, you are always equipped with a solution even if you do not use that solution. When I die, I always know that I could have done something better, or I would have stayed alive doing something different. The fun comes from situation in which you figure out a solution when your original plan failed.Once I had a hard mission. The guards were armed to the teeth on a giant ship where I needed to infiltrate and assassinate a designated target. I couldn't be seen by an enemy, so I'd either have to kill everything that saw me, or make sure I wasn't seen.I was able to steel keycards through walls to access a hallway that led me beside the target, who had a heat seeking sensor. I shot his room with a grenade launcher, blowing it up, and sucking him into space. I then teleported myself to my pod by switching places with a guard. I hopped in and flew away, finding my target floating through space. I watched him suffocate, and then flew home.I can't wait to play more tomorrow."
,Recommended,268130,35112858,Posted: 21 September,all,Booster Gold,"Bought this game on release because it looked absolutely fantastic, and... I was not wrong! Only just started playing for a few hours, and this may be one of my favorite game. I love this game already and as you can tell I could endlessly gush about this game and how perfect it is for me.I literally just stopped playing to give this review, and I’m probably going to dive right back in when I’m done typing this.Heat Signature is like Hotline Miami + FTL + all the other amazing roguelikes + all the other amazing space games + all the other amazing top down games.This game was made by the fantastic people who made gunpoint (another great game) and it really shows. I could not recommend this more. If you're not convinced already, go watch some Youtube videos on Heat Sig."
76561197968656226,Recommended,268130,35123175,Posted: 22 September,all,WilemShox,"Lost 2 hours to this game after buying on a whim. Great fun. Has that ""just one more go"" thing going and the next thing you know it 2 in the morning."
,Recommended,268130,35118773,Posted: 21 September,all,Castaway,A wonderful game about boarding space ships and flinging people out of airlocks where everything occasionally explodes.
76561197990672230,Recommended,268130,35120391,Posted: 21 September,all,NineByNine,"Goddammit Tom Francis. I had things I wanted to do this evening. Instead I stayed up until five in the morning playing your new game and loving every minute of it!Tom Francis (you may remember him from the excellent Gunpoint) is now two for two on games where the name hardly reflects anything within the game at all but which are otherwise excellent. Sure, it's early days and there's a few niggling issues, like how the game seems to slow to a crawl after a few hours of playing, but if that's the worst thing I have to deal with I am more than happy.The store page is wonderfully honest about the game and really you should go read it fully before dropping cash on the game, but personally I love how easy it is to just jump into a game and have fun. This really is a fantastic gem, with the downstairs being that there is no real overarching story or narrative other than what you make yourself, it's randomly generated, and the core mechanics are very simplistic, but it really is engaging!"
,Recommended,268130,35135065,Posted: 22 September,all,Anihillator,"Idk, it's a good game. I can't really point why, but it's great. Kind of hotline miami but in space and with more tools. Amazing game for spending 10 mins in, just as good for wasting a few hours. It does what is expected based from the description, I'm totally satisfied."
,Recommended,268130,35134454,Posted: 22 September,all,skyrix03,"I've had a lot of fun playing this game. The mechanics are fun and keep things fresh and chaotic. I also like the rogue-like aspect of using multiple characters because id treat different characters with different personalities. My first guy wouldn't use deadly force unless absolutely necessary but one of my later characters played in the style of a bloodthirsty assassin with a taste for old school blade take-downs.I have to keep any eye on this developer from now on because he has a knack for creating simple but brilliant games that are very fun, and it doesn't hurt that he prices his games very fairly."
,Recommended,268130,35120347,Posted: 21 September,all,Alias50,"This game is absolutely fantastic! It's a combination of Hotline Miami's frantic top down gameplay and Uplink's mission management, with a dash of strategic thinking thrown in for good measure. If you fail, the game is fair, giving you a number of chances to try again (with diminishing returns), and even if you lose a character it's extermely fun starting all over again and climbing back up to where you were. All of this makes for a great game on its own, but it's when things go wrong that the game truly shines, forcing you to think on your feet and come up with solutions where it doesn't look like any exist at first glance. Soundtrack and art design are as sublime as the gameplay. The description for the game tells you everything else you need to know (i.e. there's not a very deep overarching plot - the draw here is the chain of insane, impossible events that happen to you and how you react to them.) It's a simple gameplay loop, once you get your bearings, but it's extermely addicting and rewarding.(Low playtime because of the beta. I got in 4 days before release and clocked 10 hours even though I really didn't have time to play it, which should tell you something)"
76561198083570808,Recommended,268130,35133278,Posted: 22 September,all,PinkFlyingZebra,Been following this game for about a year and haven't stopped playing since it came out 1010 would buy again
,Recommended,268130,35135584,Posted: 22 September,all,╞┼,"A game about planning, executing, and then planning again after your first plan fumbled.Heat Signature is developed by a company called Suspicious Decelopments, which is actually just the work of one man; Tom Francis.Now onto the actual review...Heat Signature is a highly skill based game involving infiltrating ships, and completing certain objectives from within. These objectives can range from assassinations, to heists. These missions are randomly generated based on certain parameters.Difficulty is the overall difficulty of the mission, and affects everything from the size of the ship, to the amount and gear of the enemies.Each mission also gives the enemy a different 'kit', which gives them abilities that range from heat sensors, to total immunity to damage. While some are obviously more difficult than others, there's always a way to circumvent, and with the correct gear, can actually make enemies with certain kits easier than without.And finally, the objective. An objective is one of the few concrete things in a mission. And although there aren't too many different objectives, you'll be hard pressed to find the exact same mission twice. The way you can approach the objective is more akin to Dishonored then Hotline Miami. You could go in full Rambo, duel wielding quickfire shotguns to quickly dispose of waves of enemis, dodging bullets using the slow motion. You could use teleportation, and a stealth field to quietly reach your objective, only to swapper teleport into your pod, using the unconcious body you cleverly placed there.The approaches to the different mission makes up for the few different objectives, and makes sure that each mission will feel different.Now in terms of game mechanics, this game has it great. A big, and quite noticable feature, is the ability to slow time down in tough situations. This hammers home the game's emphasis on planning, and allows the player to plan and execute on the fly. And if that's not enough, you can also pause the game, allowing more time to plan. You can even start an action, like aim, or teleport while paused, allowing highly precise actions.And speaking of teleporting, this game has a vast armory of different gadgets, all allowing almost endless veriety in the way you approach missions. This can range from a simple silenced pistol, to a slow motion device, to a gun that shoots everything. And most of these things can come with upgraded versions. Like a teleporter that recharges during the mission, or a keycard copy device that works at a massive distance.Of course, all games must have cons, and in my opinion, this game has a few.The art style is quite nice looking, and I love the look of the ships, but it's sometimes quite difficult to see enemies, or keycards on the ground. Keycards can just be teleported to you, but it can be a bit shocking for an enemy to suddenly appear in the seemingly empty room. This is more a problem with enemies without kits, but the multi colored armor of the Glitchers can be almost the exact same color of the equally multi colored rooms they're in.Sometimes the mission generation can be a bit unfair. There was one instance in which all of my missions had armored enemies, but I didn't have an armor piercing weapon yet. It's almost always possible to complete a mission as such, but sometimes it's better to just abort a mission to get a new list.Finally, the AI is mediocre. When they spot you, they're much better at searching for your location, but when they're idle, they have a nasty tendency to walk to terminals, all by themselves. This makes it possible to simply wait for an enemy to split, kill/knockout the enemy, hide the body, and then simply wait for the next guy to come in. Although it trivializes some stealth missions, the kits eventually made it much more difficult, and actually sometimes encouraged group fighting, in order to make the most of your own gadgets.And finally, something that could be a bad thing to more than a few, and that's the difficulty.The game can, at times, get very difficult. Fighting against enemies with impenetrable shields is one, but fighting shielded, teleporting enemies with shotguns, and turrets on every corner in a huge ship with a pacifist tag is around where this game takes some planning. Of course, by that point the player will have a character with many different gadgets on hand, and could kill with a glance - these missions can still prove troublesome. Luckily, you always can choose a different mission, and you are never forced into a mission that you wouldn't want to do. (Assassination mission with a non-lethal character, anyone?)Overall, this game is great. It can be difficult at times, but the feeling of beating a mission which is even considered impossible in-game makes the feeling so much greater. I've yet to see a game make you feel like someone out of an action movie as well as this game.Recommend this game for anyone who loves thinking on their toes, and enjoyed games like Hotline Miami, or Dishonored."
,Recommended,268130,35141534,Posted: 22 September,all,Munky,"Hotline Miami meets Transistor, in space, and also it's a roguelike.A really well made game with a deceptive amount of depth."
,Recommended,268130,35192971,Posted: 24 September,all,Dr.Vendax,Love it.
,Recommended,268130,35192870,Posted: 24 September,all,squinky,"Wonderful top-down stealth tactical game, with strategy and roguelike elements."
,Recommended,268130,35178708,Posted: 24 September,all,Nuuvii,"Space-line Miamiin the greatest essence, Heat SIgnature is a top down, 1 hit space adventure game, where the player picks a character and completes missions and/or hijacks faction ships and sells the items inside for currency.Its effectively a wierd, less serious roleplaying hotline Miami in space with the option to give EPIC BLUNT FORCE TRAUMA  to anyone if you don't feel like slicing their nuts off with a space katanaIts like gunpoint too. Also you can fly around in space. And its free roam aswell. Who gives a flying ♥♥♥♥ about the story?Grand Theft Astro!But yeah get this game. Its fun and you can rename items and your steam friends will find them!"
76561197972340288,Recommended,268130,35157358,Posted: 23 September,all,Sp4m,"I was deep in foundry space, trying to capture some dunkus. I didn't really read the mission briefing because I'm a badass, and this was just a hard level mission. Nothing I hadn't seen before. I board the ship, knock out my first few guards when suddenly there's an explosion. My target is dead. Why is my target dead? Oh well. I turn to go back to my pod, and there's another explosion. My pod is gone. Why is my pod gone? That's when I realize I'm in a warzone, and this ship is under attack. I have to kill the captain, and fly this thing back to base. I've never had to do that before...Heat Signature is a rogue-like space piracy game that makes itself fun by letting the player take on bizarre and horrible challenges, but giving them tons of bizarre tech to solve their problems with. My favorite part is that it tends to create stories that you want to share."
,Recommended,268130,35164600,Posted: 23 September,all,Sushibot,"So far, This is a pretty fun and satisfying game. As I'm sure you know, this game is about sneaking aboard ships and either assassinating a target, rescuing somebody, hijacking the ship, or capturing somebody.A lot of the game revolves around planning how you will tackle the ship once you are aboard. You will (and are encouraged to) pause the game often to set up a combo such as:-teleport into a group of enemies-pause-slash the closest enemy-pause-shoot the furthest enemy-pause-swap guns while paused to reset shot cooldown-shoot the last enemyThis game also is heavy in mission clauses such as nobody can be killed, no witnesses left alive, etc, etc.You are knocked out from any damage you take, and guards will take you to the nearest airlock and throw you into space, where you will need to remote control your pod to come save you. Don't fret however, as you can fly back and keep at it.---HOWEVER---If you are shot/slashed/blown up too many times, the character will die and you will need to start a new character, or use another one you have been working on in the same galaxy, so the only thing lost is the gear that character had acquired (which is very easy to get the best gear you'll need).The most fun you'll have though is when your plan goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ which it will, and you need to come up with another insane plan to get your♥♥♥♥♥out of trouble, which may include shooting a window and spacing yourself just to get back into your pod and circle around to the ship again.The last and neatest thing in my opinion is that when you eliminate all enemies aboard a ship, you can fly it and use it temporarily to attack other ships. When a ship is undamaged, you can only board at it's one or two airlocks, however you can dock at any  broken piece of ship as well once it is damaged, creating new routes to your target.Solid 8/10 at this point"
,Recommended,268130,35190075,Posted: 24 September,all,fluffybegemot,"I seem to have played 24 hours of Heat Signature without even realising. It's really very, very good, and keeps calling me back.The only feedback I can offer is that late game feels a little empty and at times it risks becoming a grind, without ever quite getting to that point.A- would get blown out of a shapeship again, and I intend to."
,Recommended,268130,35189757,Posted: 24 September,all,espedair,"Earlier I blew a guard out of window into the void, swapped a guard into space and took out the captain with an impact hammer.  This took approx 4 seconds. Bad♥♥♥♥♥ninja antics in space! Recommended 👍"
76561197970651372,Recommended,268130,35189302,Posted: 24 September,all,WraithKnight,Very good game the mechanics are well done.  It's difficulty ramp is really high so expect frustration at times.
,Recommended,268130,35187933,Posted: 24 September,all,dhart19,"If you liked FTL, you'll love this."
,Recommended,268130,35188722,Posted: 24 September,all,Tankor Smash,"Just played it for 45 minutes. Thought it would be fairly boring, since the way it looks is sorta plain. Ended up being pretty neat.It's a roguelite where you gotta do missions in order to make money to get a 'personal mission'. Don't know what those are yet. The game controls really well and its got all kinds of quality of life keybinds to make the bad parts better. You fly to a ship, then inside the ship you kill or knock everyone out. Then you can capture them, their ship, or an item on their ship. If you capture their ship, you get money and a random resource.  Seems like there's random ships flying around you can board too, but make sure that you don't get stuck in their lights because they'll shoot you.You can die but its fairly forgiving the first time you die. Then it makes the respawn process harder to do the second time and by the third time you're basically dead for good. What happens is that they knock you out, put you out into space and make you remote control your own ship to pick up your body. If you don't get picked up in time you die. If you don't return to the boarded ship fast enough, it flies away. If your pod gets damaged and you don't return to motherbase fast enough you die. Every time you run into that scenario the timer is shorter.Pretty cool, I hope it can keep up the variety after a few hours because that's the fun of it."
76561198010521017,Recommended,268130,35189379,Posted: 24 September,all,Codychan,"Pretty badass game. I wasn't sure if I was going to like it, but I've come up with a lot of cool stories from just playing for five hours.You play like an action movie secret agent, getting into tough situations, slowing down time and fighting out of them. Using a variety of means and gadgets to complete your objective for a mission.It's sandbox in a way that you have a galaxy which holds a network of stations that look like a constellation. You are free to choose missions as you choose, then you go to the target ship and either take it over, steal a device, or find a person on board.A major part of the game is controlling your little boarding shuttle. I've completed missions by first boarding the ship through an airlock, fighting my way through to the end of it to grab my objective. Then blow up part of the hull for my shuttle to redock at. Which creates a new escape route rather than going back to the initial airlock.You can even hijack a ship to go ram into the ship your objective is on.Most of the time I have to escape the ship by shooting a window open to space and have the internal atmosphere shoot me out into space and have my shuttle pick me up."
,Recommended,268130,35188569,Posted: 24 September,all,Michael Scott,"This game is absolutely amazing.There's 400 other reviews telling you WHY this game is so amazing, so im going to tell you HOW amazing it is.Alright so imagine hotline miami... pretty amazing game right?Now what if we add high tech♥♥♥♥♥♥and enemies, gadgets that teleport you around and disable the enemies' high tech♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pretty amazing right?Now what if we give you a spaceship and you get to fly around in space?What if we add randomly generated characters with their own stories and legacies?Now imagine how amazing that game would be... That's just scratching the surface of what I've experienced in my 4 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,268130,35140107,Posted: 22 September,all,Sc,"Heat Signature is a fun stealth game without a linear story to follow. The writing in this game isn't as interesting as Gunpoint was, but it's clear that it wasn't the focus of this game.If you enjoy stealth games and virtually infinite replayability, pick this one up. The gameplay is very close to that of Hotline Miami's, with only one hit to kill/knock out your enemies, and vice versa."
,Recommended,268130,35186380,Posted: 24 September,all,DuckOnBike,"Just brilliant. Of all the big releases these days, this is the one I can't put down. Great stuff."
76561198005670194,Recommended,268130,35193116,Posted: 24 September,all,Plasmotroid,Basicly Hotline Miami... but in space.
76561198055665962,Recommended,268130,35160681,Posted: 23 September,all,Barry The Chopper,"One of my favorite games of the year.Pros:- Gameplay is smooth and allows you to pull off some very cool stuff.- Brilliant writing.- Flying aroud in your ship feels great, and is very manuverable.- Enemy subtypes keep the missions interesting, and very challenging.Cons:- Shields- Shields- Shields- SHIELDS- WHY TOM, WHY9.25/10"
,Recommended,268130,35148474,Posted: 23 September,all,JayRob,Really cool little rogue-lite game with Hotline Miami-type gameplay.Only issue I've run into is it kinda hurts my eyes to play.
76561197970956937,Recommended,268130,35310855,Posted: 29 September,all,aoanla,"Like Tom Francis' first game, Gunpoint, ""Heat Signature"" has something of an artifact title - and like that previous game, the opening out of the design and mechanics from that simple initial idea has produced something special.Heat Signature is, basically, a story-generator for space-adventurers, with a bit of Hotline Miami in its lineage, but a lot more capability for planning and speed-chess revision of your plans than that game's twitch-based gameplay allowed. Plus, you get Tom Francis' writing, as well.(If I were to criticise: the enforcement of a maximum lifespan for a given adventurer, based on wounds-taken, seems overly harsh, given the general encouragement of the gameplay to try doing audacious things. But this is a relatively minor issue with the game.)"
76561198088800102,Recommended,268130,35312776,Posted: 29 September,all,DragonSoul47,"This game is fantastic. I've been following it for years, and I have a tendency to get very hyped. This was no exception, and it lived up to it and more."
,Recommended,268130,35314283,Posted: 29 September,all,KawaiiCub,"Absolutely amazing game, can't stop playing it. It's like a beautiful lovechild of FTL and Hotline Miami."
,Recommended,268130,35312554,Posted: 29 September,all,hop,"One of the best games I have played, the simple mechanics can be combined beautifuly to form complex stratagies necessary to crack the larger ships."
76561198051312551,Recommended,268130,35317239,Posted: 29 September,all,Mattitude,"♥♥♥♥ing awesome game, so much fun!Like FTL played in reverse,  you're the one jacking up the ships and slowly taking over the galaxy. At the price it's a steal and well worth the investment. Alot of quick missions too, so it's a good game to play & put down, feelz good to slaughter that last enemy, set the autopilot to home and go make dinner while you relive the awesome moments."
,Recommended,268130,35255092,Posted: 27 September,all,FCC,"Thought this was going to be like a cross between Cowboy Bebop and Hotline Miami.  And that does resonate quite a lot, but there's also a little bit of The Boondock Saints* in The Matrix where everyone casually uses Jumper-esque teleportation**, all while the ship they are in is breaking apart like in Gravity***. Shenanigans will ensue. A hot extract involving explosive depressurization, defenestration, then culminating in a high speed docking maneuver is likely.* (You always play as a lone vigilante character (no partner! or quirky gay FBI agent on your tail!), but I bet that you will likely play that same character as an idiot, a jerk, and definitely not a professional. Many a chaotic blood-soaked trail has started as an intent to play a non-lethal character.)** (Actually, I wonder if anyone reading this is familiar with The Stars My Destination. There's casual teleportation and a similarity to slipstreaming in that piece of sci-fi.)*** (You may think I'm exaggerating, but I've been on a ship, getting attacked by another ship, where it broke in half and separated from the other part connected to the thrusters.  ""Missile surgery"" is also a common enough anecdote amongst the player base.)In all seriousness, I noticed from other comments that you will have a bad time if you assume you will always be killing everyone like in Hotline Miami, or that you can always stick to stealth. Specifically, harder missions will introduce enemies that cannot be dealt with directly (Armor, Shields), and you definitely can't casually save scum if your character gets discovered. Instead, you will need to be creative with your gear, and to come up with clever ways to get your self out of deep trouble (or end up trying to grind low reward missions and having a terrible time at it).But if you like to examine gameplay systems and see how you can exploit the meta-game, Heat Signature will introduce unexpected moments where you will either feel like a hilarious idiot, or a sheer cheating genius."
,Recommended,268130,35246642,Posted: 27 September,all,Gravelore,"The game is essentially if Hotline Miami made tender love to Adios, and was enchanced tenfold with a true open world experience where you must accomplish missions to take over the the system one space station at a time. It would be too much to ask if the game were on par with simulation execution like Space Station 13 and including multiplayer elements. I think this game is meant to be singleplayer indefnitely and still has much more room to grow in terms of potential content updates. Well worth the dollar and then some for some insane deep space hijinx, you could teleport around the ship and screw with the crew however you see fit. Not to mention the difficulty curve, the missions begin very tame but ramp up in difficulty in an instant when dealing with hard missions (surprise) and you must be well equipped to deal with the guards on ships, this may involve blowing part of the ship open to suck a whole squad while risking your ship being severed in the process. You'll be doing a mission that's easy and before you know it, the ship is under fire from a 3rd party. There is much fun and frustration to be had, that is certain."
76561198064054509,Recommended,268130,35307282,Posted: 29 September,all,Scumbumbo,"This is an amazingly fun top-down shooter with a simple premise, select from a seemingly endless supply of randomly generated missions to hijack ships in space, rescue an ally, assassinate an enemy, or just plain steal something of value.  Each character you play has a personal mission they wish to complete, and there is also the overall goal of liberating all the space stations in the galaxy.You can choose to go in guns blazing or take a more cautious approach to your ship assault, but in either case you have the option to pause at any time to plan ahead, switch your gear around, and forge ahead with your plan.  That plan will often go haywire and you'll have to adapt your approach, often relying on one of the many useful and clever pieces of gear that you've swiped from previous missions.None of the missions take that long, indeed some harder missions have time limits of a minute and a half or less, so you can load the game up anytime you have a few moments.  It does get a bit repetitive and grindy if you play for too long in a single sitting, so long term game play may suffer if you don't like to grind.  Still, I expect to get many hours of entertainment from this relatively inexpensive game."
,Recommended,268130,35303287,Posted: 29 September,all,Soggyfidgetspinner3AM,"This is my favourite game on steam right now, it's just so godamn fun. It is like Hotline Miami but spaceships. If you have the money, buy the game."
,Recommended,268130,35304187,Posted: 29 September,all,Buff,Hotline Miami meets FTL. Basically Hotline Miami in space.
,Recommended,268130,35267337,Posted: 28 September,all,BlackHorse23,"I really hope the Devs continue refining this game. Mechanically this game is solid and it was an instant buy from the video. There is an obvious lot of care in shaping and creating the scope of gameplay that you can get out of 11 dollars hits really great marks- BUT I feel since the devs are borrowing from a lot of Hotline Miami and SuperHot they should go a bit further and push those aesthetics a bit harder. There are a few burpy glitches here and there but this game is designed where people die,Anyway- MUST HAVE!"
,Recommended,268130,35351769,Posted: 30 September,all,AdolfHitman,"An insanely fun game I cant recommend this enough, it has aspects of hotline miami and also feel a bit like super hot (slowing down time, and pulling off some badass moves). It seems like this game will also have a good amount of replayability since each mission in randomly generated, and you can always trust in Suspicious Developments to give you an awesome soundtrack to a game B)."
76561197974739210,Recommended,268130,35333086,Posted: 30 September,all,Catastrophy,"Fun. Playful. Worth the buy. No idea why it's called 'Heat Signature' - apparently it was a thing during development.I like to figure out to solve the problems with what I have here.It punishes when you screw up, but in the worst case you're up and going again in no time. That's how it should be done. Overall full of ideas and mechanics that come together really well.Well done game. Nothing more to say."
,Recommended,268130,35358496,Posted: 30 September,all,AnaRCHy,This game gets addicting... That might be a problem. But it is the only one <3
,Recommended,268130,35360340,Posted: 30 September,all,Alex,"Hotline Miami and Faster than Light have a kid, and yet it's completely unlike it's parents.Gameplay is diverse and you have a multitude of options for how you complete a mission.I think it's pretty fun and has some decent replay value. The only thing is the game can be repetative if your not switching up your methods. The game is simple and easy to pick up, but after a few hours of grinding you'll find that you've experienced a majority of the gameplay. For esentially $15 I still think it's worth it."
,Recommended,268130,35355708,Posted: 30 September,all,ctroche411,"Repetitive for some people's liking, but a great game regardless. Every time you sit down and play, you'll have at least one moment that makes you feel like a god."
,Recommended,268130,35178265,Posted: 24 September,all,Kodak White™,I've waited for this more than a year and this has met all of my expectations on release day. More devs need to be like Tom Francis. Kinda repetitive but you'll never see the same ship twice (Well I haven't atlease)
76561198003381569,Recommended,268130,35140018,Posted: 22 September,all,valefor_sdad,"The Intro movie explaining this game was so good.I watched as my hands moved independently of my control purchased and downloaded this game.(hoping it is as good and it looks).EDIT: (just now)Two things, three if you count the great music...One I got the EVERYTHING GUN (and if you get hit trying to get it, which I did as I suck at these kinds of games) it does NOT kill you but tosses you out the airlock and let's you try again.Or in my weaksauce cause (4th try) and I was victorious (elliot be damned). :) THIS IS PURE WIN!!!!!Two, this game is Rogue-like but not cheesy bs rage inducing hard, and for me who is weaksauce on these kinds of game PURE WIN!!!!I CANNOT recommend this game enough....getting the everything gun was ICING...I think it has 12? days left on that  (as of Sep 22, 2017) (BUY IT) it is more fun than I am able to describe."
76561198025238250,Recommended,268130,35163494,Posted: 23 September,all,Mark Gritter,"Heat Signature is easy to get into, but conceals some depth. This stealth/infiltration game challenges you with a variety of randomly-generated spaceships to hijack, a plethora of different challenges, and a rich set of available tools.  (But if you just want to slide by, easy missions are almost always available.)Lying in wait with a longsword, for your target to come down the corridor, is pretty standard fare. Setting up a teleportation trap that sends him into the path of a subverted turret just scratches the surface of the scenarios you can experience.Each mission goes by pretty quickly, so the game's suitable for short burts of play.  But I found myself wanting to try out a new tactic or tool on the next mission..."
,Recommended,268130,35162122,Posted: 23 September,all,dotUser,I am thoroughly entertained.A game that allows you to progress either as violently or peacefully as you want. In space. While changing an entire star cluster.Definitely would gladly recommend this to just about anyone who enjoys tactical space combat games.
76561197990513624,Recommended,268130,35138890,Posted: 22 September,all,Steellwaters,I love this game.  Never heard of it but I loved thier previos game.     This game has much more depth.  I am having so much fun.It is a rougelike in that you will die often but it is kind of soft because your playthrough is not attached to the survival of any one character.You sneak onto ships traveling through space and perform missions. I have seen missions ranging from rescuing to stealing to assassinating.  I am not sure how many goals there are but the variety comes when you throw in weapon types and the ship layouts.you can get through a door by killing the person with the keycard or by swapping places(teleporter) with somebody on the other side.some tips I have picked up in the last 2.5 hours.1. The glowy white things around ships are not where you land....flying into them gets your ship shot and you have to play a game of simon says to keep it from exploding....trust me it's fun.   look for the green arrow.     I lost my first dude this way2.   if the timer for capture starts  then leaving the ship does not reset it. if you return the timer could be at 0 and you are instantly captured...I lost my second dude this way.3.   if you blow up a room you get sucked out into space...this can cause a mission to be unbeatable if the goal and the only airlock are now seperated by the vacuum of space.     this is how I lost my first mission.....you can fly around and just latch onto ships and take thier stuff or follow missions to get paid.   controls are pretty easy and the ability to pause and make decisions makes for some wacky tactics and reminds me of the first Matrix.  There is also a method of capturing new stations which unlocks new equipment and some special challange missions.I am spending all day trying to find the special ship that contains a weapon that I can find in my game forever if I find it before the 5th......DEVS that is an awesome way to introduce a reward.I hope my review is helpful to somebody but i just had to express my love for this game
,Recommended,268130,35152146,Posted: 23 September,all,shootershj,Great game worth the money !
,Recommended,268130,35158583,Posted: 23 September,all,KrunkSplein,"At 11+ hours in, it's a smidge repetitive.  Literally the only negative thing I could say about this game.  It's fun, the controls are tight, it's beautiful in motion, and easily worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,268130,35168567,Posted: 23 September,all,鉄Ｂｒａｖａｄｏ™,"TL;DR If you like rogue-like games, you'll most likely enjoy this.Not far into it so far, I was really on the fence about getting it. I'm glad I did. It's like Hotline Miami with a touch of FTL thrown in, I own both, I enjoy both very much.I understand the negative reviews standpoint, it is repetitive, it really is, but that is the way of rogue-likes, floor to floor the tileset may change, the monsters will too, but it's still moving through a randomised map and snatching up loot.If you have played games like Quest for Dungeons, POWDER, Pixel Dungeon etc you'll probably like this game a lot."
,Recommended,268130,35181738,Posted: 24 September,all,Q Quisher,Tom Francis knocks it out of the park again.
,Recommended,268130,35113866,Posted: 21 September,all,Corvax,Windows in space? 10/10 would space again.
76561198047922162,Recommended,268130,35117742,Posted: 21 September,all,IronCrow,I took on a mission to kill an officer who killed my mother. I boarded his ship and all the guards had heavy shields and I couldn't do anything. I was about to give up and head for home when I spotted a small freighter. I said what the hell and killed the crew and took the ship. I suddenly realised while piloting the freighter I could shoot missiles! After some time shooting missiles at the officers ship his whole section broke off. I blew that section up and flug him into space where he eventually suffocated to death winning me the mission. This game is freaken kickass!!!
76561197998099312,Recommended,268130,35112814,Posted: 21 September,all,inter2fold,"Amazingly, unexpectedly good.  I have been following HeatSig since it was announced and watched it go through so many changes.  With added complexity came greater skepticism on my part.  I am relieved to report the gameplay is addictive, forthright in its simplicity, while the game's presentation is seamlessly smooth and interconnected.  Graphics are colorific, albeit seeing assets clearly requires learning how to effectively utilize the zoom.  Music matches the ambience adroitly, as expected from this developer (after Gunpoint), though I wish there was some way to alter the soundtrack while on a mission.  Zero regret about scooping up this gem on launch day."
,Recommended,268130,35381821,Posted: 1 October,all,hypnotic,"Tom Francis stamps his own unique and hilarious brand of comedy all over this title. From the little descriptions of items and loot to conversations and quest mechanics.I do think he has an unhealthy obsession with launching people out of windows though... :DThe production values for the art, music and general game design is very high.I haven't played long yet, but my interest is piqued and I cannot wait to explore this game further to see how it unfolds."
,Recommended,268130,35353959,Posted: 30 September,all,Dolemout,"I checked the dictionary; it's still defenestration, even if it happens in space.So this is the best space-based defenestration simulator on the market."
76561197979739034,Recommended,268130,35433132,Posted: 2 October,all,Sikmike,Every difficult mission feels like it's own movie climax forcing you to be creative to complete your goal. Amazing game.
,Recommended,268130,35248502,Posted: 27 September,all,Dunehawk,"This is a game where the mechanics work so smoothly and sucinctly that you end up with a puzzle/combat/physics spectacal. While there is no story, you cant help but make your own up as you go along with it's unique implementation of legacy missions and items involving your dearly departed mooks that you inevitably got killed from your own mistakes."
76561198019181290,Recommended,268130,35135983,Posted: 22 September,all,rsmyth1,"Funny game, and wicked fun. Had to assassinate a person. Worked my way through the ship teleporting people into space. Got caught, surrounded by 5 guards and target, blew out a window launching us all into space. Remote control ship to save me. Watch target suffocate.Only downside is after running for a few hours it got a little slow and choppier. Not sure why. Restarted it and ran much smoother. Unclear if will happen again but very minor thing.10/10 would forcibly suffocate entire crew again."
,Recommended,268130,35241711,Posted: 27 September,all,Awpteamoose,"The game is really good at giving you an assortment of tools and having you come up with a plan, which usually goes wrong and you have to come up with a different plan. The tools constantly cycle and it's hard to play favourites since they're given at random so you end up finding a lot of interesting interplay between various gadgets.It's good, no padding or filler, yet it somehow managed to keep me engaged for almost 15 hours."
,Recommended,268130,35228663,Posted: 26 September,all,Silxnl,Good fun
76561197971067205,Recommended,268130,35232476,Posted: 26 September,all,NoSane,"This game gives you the power to experiment and find creative solutions to combat ""puzzles"". Rather than hold you back, the game empowers you and lets you loose. You get unusual gadgets, evolving mission objectives, and challenging situations - all the ingredients for suprising fun :)"
,Recommended,268130,35162063,Posted: 23 September,all,Donald J. Trump,"Its amazing. Its like Gunpoint + FTL + Hotline Miami. 10/10The best part was when I was about to get shot, but I swapped with a guard and watched as his friends killed him, then I got out my hammer and started swatting the guards near me. Good times. Hours of fun because there's just so many different ways to attack, and because you can pause and take your time, you can truly make it your way since there's no right way to take a ship or complete a mission.Please make this for macOS!!!"
76561198086169200,Recommended,268130,35117607,Posted: 21 September,all,Lord Rupert Tricklebank III,Bloody brilliant.
,Recommended,268130,35117882,Posted: 21 September,all,Technicality,"i've only put in 1/2 an hour at the time of writing but i can already tell that this is a game i'm going to be playing for a long, long time"
,Recommended,268130,35117914,Posted: 21 September,all,[UGD] Doctor What,One of the greatest games i have ever played its so uniqe and amazing
,Recommended,268130,35228748,Posted: 26 September,all,expert plungophone player,"i really wasn't expecting to like this; the idea of missions being timed or being put on a timer sounds really frustrating to me, but this game actually does this well.in the majority of missions, there are no timers until a guard triggers the alarm (unless a mission modifer says the ships alarm system is broke), and that's suprisingly uncommon if you play well.my only problems with this game are the annoying enemy types; there's one enemy which is immune to all damage but armour piercing guns and environmental hazards, both of which are unreliable. in my 4 hours of playtime, i have not seen a single armour piercing gun, and when i do find one of those enemies there's no explosives on the ship or windows to smash.another problem is turrets, you cannot disable them (as far as i know) and they knock you down in 1 secondwithout bullet travel delay. would love to see a way to smash/disable these turrets or explain the method to break/disable them in the game.i recommend this game if you are a fan of hotline miami or other top down stealth games"
,Recommended,268130,35118915,Posted: 21 September,all,randy,If you don't buy this game you are not a smart person.
,Recommended,268130,35256372,Posted: 28 September,all,Mirriky,"Fun to learn, even more to master.You will die, you will fail missions.Sooner than you realise, you will be picking up a new character and trowing them at one of the largest ships, setting off alarms, venting rooms, narrowly missing bullets, getting hit and ejected, frantically blowing up all the engins to buy yourself some more time, scavaging items from crates and enemies you had their friends shoot, grabbing your target before throwing your last weapon at the window as 4 armoured guards are rounding the corner and jettisoning all 6 of you into space, quickly trying to snatch the two of you up before either of you run out of air.25 honest hours into this game, aiming to 100% which is high honors from me.The name generator is amazing, and you can even add your own names to the foenames/surnames text files under the games main directory [\Steam\steamapps\common\Heat Signature]I can not recommend this game enough"
,Recommended,268130,35243332,Posted: 27 September,all,NeverFear,Great sandbox
,Recommended,268130,35226126,Posted: 26 September,all,SecretTunnel,Heat Signature is the flying out a spaceship window and landing in another spaceship game you always knew you wanted.
76561198002560836,Recommended,268130,35120662,Posted: 21 September,all,Esty was here,"Wow, was gunna quick look it on my stream and ended up getting caught in it and hours went by, it ended up being a 10 hour stream all said and done. This game is wonderful, great job guys super fun.twitch.tv/esty8nine"
,Recommended,268130,35287280,Posted: 29 September,all,danielxancient,"Game that blown me away...This is something like out of Phillip.K♥♥♥♥♥♥or Stanislaw Lem S/F books.You start on a small asteroid base where you can choose one of 4 characters you want to play. Each of them has a unique life story and plans to fullfill their dreams.Each of them also have a unique equipment and because everything is placed in a distant future your weapons are freaking amazing...well except probably for the Wrench!:).I forgot to mention your are basicly a hit-man with abilities to hijack spaceships, steal and kill and make a good life out of it.So fly your little cheap pod towards space ship you wanna rob, approche it from behind, connect it to it through little secret side door and start your mission. Sometimes during your job while firing your weapon you may break the window and get sucked out of the ship in to space.Limited oxygen in your suit will let you survive for 20-30 seconds and in this short time you will need to remote control your pod to grab you back inside and continue your mission.Sounds really COOL!!!You can teleport yourself, you can swap-teleport which means you can switch places with another guard patroling enemy ship, you can also by using your gadgets clone a key card or remotely steal keys. If this is not enough for you you can also use special invisibility shield which make you...INVISIBLE for a short time.All this sounds good but to be able to use all that magic stuff you will need to LIBERATE new stations.That's right there is a lot of station there in a huge universe corrupted by few different factions and your job as an outlaw is to get them back one by one.The posibilities of fun are limitless.Just use your gadgets right...or worng (it is up to yourself) and keep your imagination evolving.For me this is 10 out of 10.Excellent game!!!"
76561198006506021,Recommended,268130,35244383,Posted: 27 September,all,Curly Brace,"I think the best thing that I can say about Heat Signature is that I found out earlier today that you don't need a weapon to break the window standing between you and the cold, unfeeling vacuum of space. By using a device that speeds up your perception of time and gives you a huge hit of adrenaline, you can run fast enough at it to break it with your face.Heat Signature dumps you square in the middle of a galaxy full of grudges, and lets you use a variety of fantastic tools to settle your scores, and pick up a few new ones on the way.Whether your character starts with a power-assisted hammer, a super shotgun or a lowly wrench, you can get what you need to carve your own path across the stars, and start a good old-fashioned revolution while you're at it."
,Recommended,268130,35426497,Posted: 2 October,all,Justimage,"Heat Signature Review!A game that combines some of the best parts of older gems, and creates something completely refreshing.If you like FTL... Good!If you like Hotline Miami... Good!If you like Spaceships, Guns, Bullet time slow-mo kill everything in the room within a second with a few choice pauses so you can grab that gun with your right hand that the guard you just killed with your short sword in your left hand, and now you can aim to put a bullet in the other guard across the room watching the whole thing before he can alertm, and call for secruity.Enjoy a open-galaxy sandbox where the main focus is taking on missions with one of your randomly shuffeled characters that can of course be found throughout the galaxy at Bars which act as your Home base for all things. Throughout the game you complete missions, which in turn give you the ability to expand your rebellion, and take over new Bars which unlock more characters to join the shuffle of character choices, and unique story quests with set mission where if you complete it you get more items within the marketplace back at your Bars.The action of the game itself involves accepting a range of different missions from Stealth extraction of a certain individual on the ship without being detected to making sure their are no witnesses while you murder everyone you come across on the randomly generated ships. After the acceptance of a mission you will be piloting your little one man ship, and zooming across space to find your target. Once found you simply find a latch point (While ships generally only start with one point to begin with you are able to destory sections of the ship once you learn how to start getting creative with your missions) how you go about getting your way from Point A on the ship to Point B is totally up to you.Overall it's a pretty solid game that feels unique, and I'm glad I can add it to my list of games I need to complete.If that sounds interesting to you. Check it out!"
76561197971008413,Recommended,268130,35422069,Posted: 2 October,all,Byromaniac,"This game mkes me feel cool.I'm mid-forty, fat and balding.10/10."
,Recommended,268130,35425341,Posted: 2 October,all,Tad-Long,"One day FTL and Hotline Miami got into a lovers' quarrel. They started screaming. In the steam library. Kerbal Space Program got involved, and then things got ugly. Apparently FTL had a 'thing' with Gunpoint who told Super Hot, and Super Hot knew that Hotline Miami had the hots for KSP but KSP still had feelings for FTL, but FTL is flighty, like, everybody knows that, and Super Hot stirred the pot like they always do and then it came out that Hotline Miami might be pregnant!!!!!It's good, real good."
76561198118507838,Recommended,268130,35141458,Posted: 22 September,all,Tarsier,"What a game. I whole heartedly recommend this game, and so far I only have 4 hours and feel it was worth the money, which is the mark of a very good game. The moment that solidifies how good the game is, is when you are almost out of items, and your plan is no longer possible, and in fact there is no plan. You're ready to give up on saving your husband and admitting defeat, surrounded by panicked guards. You realize you haven't a particular item yet, in my case the emergency shield. Well, why not, what's the worst that could happen. You buckle up, pick up your husband, and go for it, and there are no words to describe the joy and tension in the next few seconds, where every single move you make counts. There are no words to describe how amazing it is to discover that you can fire a glitch trap with the everything gun and it will work, or the feeling of being chased by an angry guard on your tail with a wrench and throwing away your husband at the last second in order to put your last shield back on, then shooting the window and catching both your husband and yourself and completeing the mission. This game is full of moments you don't expect to happen that will completely make this game for you, and it is completely personalized so don't expect a review to predict those moments for you.One suggestion that will likely never be seen but anywho, closure would go a long way in this game. For example, being able to talk to a rescued family member, in a very limited way maybe, seeing a character who is retired playing space golf in the bar with their new family member, seeing a wake in the bar for a deceased friend. Of course these are probably very complicated to pull of, and it's not a make or break things, but it's just a suggestion that would make a really fun exciting game just that little bit more amazing even after the you've completed a personal mission.In summary, the game is absolutely fantastic and definitely worth the price but the personal missions could be a bit more personal in the long run."
76561198030289327,Recommended,268130,35288545,Posted: 29 September,all,Count_Triple,Buy this game.
,Recommended,268130,35146744,Posted: 23 September,all,Diving Duck,Very entertaining and a good challenge
,Recommended,268130,35169708,Posted: 23 September,all,lovethegames97,Thrown out of an airlock simulator
76561198098430700,Recommended,268130,35460569,Posted: 3 October,all,SacraLux,"It is pretty cool; more content would be great, but it is alright.Pod modification would be a plusshared stash would be a plusship bay and ability to keep or even build a ship would be a plusNeeds better ship controles... breaksThere are a lot of things that could improve the game, but it is not a bad game."
,Recommended,268130,35359107,Posted: 30 September,all,Leoric,11/10
76561198292577274,Recommended,268130,35464339,Posted: 3 October,all,A Fellow,♥♥♥♥ing Amazing
,Recommended,268130,35483956,Posted: 4 October,all,DaMullet,"This is the finest ""kicking men through windows"" simulator fifteen United States Dollars can buy. Each mission is 2-4 minutes long, resulting in a ""bite-sized"" play experience that, much like a bacon-wrapped jalapeno, is easy to tell yourself ""Oh, just one more"" to.The AI is... exploitable, to say the least, typically to the mortal detriment of the guards, but the challenges (whether self- or game-imposed) to be a Proper Master of Stealth and pick pockets instead of chucking grenades give it a long shelf life even when you've grown tired of ""hide around a corner, wait for someone to wander off and become fatally engrossed in a game of football on the monitor on the wall, repeat"".I've played this more in this first week than I've played most games I've bought in the last five years total, and I anticipate that (like its baby brother Gunpoint) I'll be booting it up long after I've exhausted its marathon potential to blow off some steam for 20 minutes before bed."
,Recommended,268130,35466968,Posted: 4 October,all,Lana,"The best game I have played in a while. I think about tactics when i'm not even playing the game and then try them out. I'll write an updated review after a few hundred hours (because I know i'll be playing that much more, get this game if you haven't already)."
,Recommended,268130,35481812,Posted: 4 October,all,porpo,"honestly one of the best games ive every played, its getting constant updates adding/fixing things, and the devs actually know what having fun is like. the missions are amazing, mostly because theyre always different. (precedurally generated ships) the whole gimmick of the game is almost like turn based combat, you have the abaility to freeze time at will to plan out your next action to carry out, and that can be aided by a numerous amount of gadgets that you can either buy from liberating stations, or find on missions. overall its a very fun game and id reccomend it to anyone even if they didnt like the type of gameplay, because honestly anybody could enjoy this. you outdid yourself tom, good job man"
,Recommended,268130,35119576,Posted: 21 September,all,Gypsy Jones,A unique and intresting concept executed perfectly. Controls are great and there's plenty to do. overall a fantastic game
,Recommended,268130,35520631,Posted: 6 October,all,rdominick,"This game is a lot of fun, even though I'm really bad at it. I'm usually not that bad at stealth games but I just keep making bad decisions here. Sometimes I can get out of them and sometimes I end up thrown off the same spaceship five times in quick succession, but it never makes me mad; it just makes me want to get better.For now, though, because I'm terrible and callous, I'm just making characters act like fearless action heroes until they die or get captured, all in order to open up new toys. Personal missions? What are those?Sorry, y'all. Someday I'll put something worthwhile in the treasure pool."
,Not Recommended,268130,35525909,Posted: 6 October,all,Threase,"So much potential for it to be good.There is no new content past two hours, and eventually it just turns into a grind once you find the best strategy."
,Recommended,268130,35529777,Posted: 6 October,all,I am not cool with furfaggotry,"Think Hotline Miami turned into an RPG and slowed the ♥♥♥♥ down.And i mean, completely remove any fast-paced gameplay by default.It didn't turn out to be something i liked but if it strikes your fancy, it's something you should try."
76561198071267763,Recommended,268130,35532027,Posted: 6 October,all,LOBSTER,One of my characters killed over 200 people and layed waste to an entire faction alone. Let's just say he earned a retirement.
,Recommended,268130,35116295,Posted: 21 September,all,rh27un,Hotline Miami in space
,Recommended,268130,35168154,Posted: 23 September,all,labtob,Top down-Super-Hotline Miami-'em up.
,Recommended,268130,35111414,Posted: 21 September,all,NaCl,"I've been following the development of this game ever since Tom Francis announced it and started posting dev vlogs on his youtube channel, and my, how far this game has come since then. This game is a top-down breaking-and-entering simulator in space, with a wide variety of tools, gadgets, and of course, weapons, to complete your objectives. From my brief play time so far, I've enjoyed what the game has to offer immensely, and I can definitely see myself playing this in the near future. For those wanting a comparison, think Hotline Miami meets Gunpoint in space."
,Recommended,268130,35234672,Posted: 26 September,all,Deku-nut-kid,"Ok, let's cut to the chase, do I recommend this game? Yes, yes, oh for the love of god, yes. This is a game where you can stab through an entire group of guys 10 while quad wielding swords in less than 2 in-game seconds. Want to swap places with someone when you're about to be shot, making the person you swapped with get shot instead? You can. Want to make a conga line of corpses with shortswords? You can. This game has nearly endless possibilities of how to murder a group of people; The only limiting factor being your sick, murderous creativity.TL;DR = BUY THIS F***ING GAME RIGHT F***ING NOW!"
,Recommended,268130,35137623,Posted: 22 September,all,DaveKap,"If you liked Hotline Miami and Gunpoint, you'l love this! If you didn't like one of those, you might not like this! If you haven't played either, go play those first!"
,Recommended,268130,35228295,Posted: 26 September,all,Hero Time,"This game is smart and original, give it a chance. It respects your time, rewards creative problem solving, and is so clever you will laugh out loud. I can't say what the best feature is, between it's emergent storytelling, it's interacting gameplay elements, and it's amusing writing, I'm just impressed it can deliver so much while simultaneously being so simple."
76561197989531210,Recommended,268130,35126215,Posted: 22 September,all,randalthor1812,"Loving this game , so many ways to succeed in a mission and even more ways to mess it up.Attempt a rescue bounce off ship get destroyed by a missile...Kill guard rushing towards me and die in explosion because I didn't see the fuel barrel the guard hit when i dodged his shot.Get caught by my assassination target , get pushed out of airlock ,get my remote controlled capsule to catch me and get back on board before said target can get back near his guards ...and slice him in back with my sword ...loving it."
,Recommended,268130,35128824,Posted: 22 September,all,The entire fucking Soviet army,Rouge-Lite Hotline Miami on crack.
,Recommended,268130,35136473,Posted: 22 September,all,srglamboo,"Heat signature is great fun, the mechenics all work together and combine into this great game. You're constantly thinking of ways to do the missions, in whatever way you can, shooting enemys into space and watching them struggle, it's just all out good fun."
,Recommended,268130,35192172,Posted: 24 September,all,WiseClock,"Surfing the Galaxy, found the Everything Gun.Okay, get back to work, now.11/10"
,Recommended,268130,35111746,Posted: 21 September,all,MisterGee,"You will probably hate this game for the first 10-60 minutes (depending on how quick you learn).Docking seems impossible, you die for no reason.... or it seems that way.Stick with it, the ship physics make sense once you realise the right-click brake slows you relative to the object you are close to (hold it down until you are both going at the same speed). Also remember to keep pressing space - think about what to do, and what you haveOnce you get the hang of it, this is one amazing game, and way deeper than you first realise.The first time you manage to sneak onboard a space ship, steal the contents and vanish into the stars is when you first realise what the game is all about.Then when you leave a ship full of corpses  floating in space you realise it doesn't have to be about stealth.Finally when you freeze time, teleport a guard out into space, then use the swapper tool to switch places - all to make good your escape and pick your self up with your remote pod you realise this game is adictive geniusIf you like games, puzzles and using your own brilliance to become a gaming legend then heat signature is for you.Amazing game, amazing fun - so worth your time"
,Recommended,268130,35121991,Posted: 22 September,all,Cathan,First mission.Take out three guys.Last guy is the one I need to capture.Run up to him and throw my wrench.Bounces off his face and knocks us both out cold.Woke up and carried him off the ship laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off.10/10.
,Recommended,268130,35460338,Posted: 3 October,all,Cypher,"Hotline Miami in space. What's not to like?Great gameplay, great music, good progression and gear build up, with a good amount of randomization thrown in.You die in one hit, but ""death"" is EXTREMELY FORGIVING so it's not like being shot in the face is a big deal, and if you board non-lethal ships, there's effectively no lasting, permenent consequence provided you quickly rescue your spaced body in time."
,Recommended,268130,35262766,Posted: 28 September,all,Devilncarnate,Dont refund this game like i did when it was cheaper than it will be when you get your money back because you thought you needed another game then wanted this one back and nowww your ♥♥♥♥ed. Its a good game. buy it
,Recommended,268130,35333614,Posted: 30 September,all,D43M0N,"I shooted a shotgun into a group of dudes and got them to Wile-E-Coyote themselves into a teleportation trap that threw them into space. By doing so, I locked myself in a room and then had to throw one of my four longswords into a window so I could evacuate myself into the cold, uncaring void of space before ramming back into the ship, Kool-Aid-Man style, to rescue my idiot wife."
,Not Recommended,268130,35520331,Posted: 6 October,all,Phoenix Person,Played for about 90 minutes and experienced all the game has to offer. Needs more content.
,Not Recommended,268130,35359470,Posted: 30 September,all,Fiddle Diddler,"Wait for a sale, this game gets stale after only  a few hours and it's very repetitive in a grindy boring kind of way. Would be more interesting if there was coop or multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,268130,35435631,Posted: 2 October,all,Disorganic,"Its fun for about 3 hours. By that time you're basically just treading water, waiting to see if new content opens up. Maybe If I liberate that station? No. ok. The only enemies that make you pause are permabubbled, and even then, you just bunch them up by drawing them in with a noise, and then Subvert/crashgun. If they're not bubbled? 2x wrenches/longblades/APlongblades get almost every single job done.I really, really liked gunpoint. There's a lot here to enjoy too! just not... yet? I hope they do something more with this, because currently, it aint worth it AND its disappointing."
76561198034983799,Not Recommended,268130,35319070,Posted: 29 September,all,Habz,"The gameplay is incredibly fun, and the game ends up being quite challenging (in a fun way).  ANd fortunately, there are a wide variety of different tools and weapons that keep the missions from getting stale.The only reason I cannot recommend is due to how the devs handle perma-death of characters.  Once you've invested quite a bit of time/money in a character, and they (inevitably) die, you don't just lose all their items, you lose all the cash you made with that character as well.  So you start over with nothing... literally.  And you have to grind your way back up to getting decent items/weapons again.  I don't mind the perma-death, but at least let me keep my cash or have a stash that I can share items with.  I couldn't stand the grind of super-easy missions after every death, so I ultimately returned the game for a refund.Otherwise, this game has a ton of promise!"
76561198117551789,Not Recommended,268130,35213369,Posted: 25 September,all,KRUSTY DAD SAUCE,"very good game, though after playing for a while it seems to lack original content. all ships are very simular and there are only a couple different type of missions throughout the game, though the ""clauses"" try to spice them up, it simply feels as though its missing something. maybe being able to actually capture stations instead of seeing this pathetic little ship ""liberate"" them, which pretty much just flys into them."
,Recommended,268130,35137255,Posted: 22 September,all,128K,"Han Solo SimulatorIt's so simple and utterly brilliant.  You hang out on a station and get given missions by what you imagine are the biggest misfits in the galaxy...rich misfits with the credits to grab your attention and help you on your personal mission.Only problem is the missions you get given are the type that probably got turned down by everyone else in the outfit and you are the only patsy stupid enough to take on such daring feats.Plenty of bad feelings will be had, but among the panic comes the moments you look like the most awesome action hero,  and afterwards you'll convince yourself that it had nothing to do with luck.All in a day's work for this space pirate."
,Recommended,268130,35193302,Posted: 24 September,all,PrUdO,dis good dood
,Recommended,268130,35215909,Posted: 25 September,all,Rubik,"Pirated the game, but then bought it after less than an hour of play. It's fantastic fun and worth every penny!"
76561197994311164,Recommended,268130,35208376,Posted: 25 September,all,Battleseed,"One more mission. O-sheet, it's 4am. So fun and addictive."
76561198073283573,Recommended,268130,35159380,Posted: 23 September,all,DeusMacha,"The correct way to play heat signature:Step 1: Once you start the game locate where you must liberate to acquire breach grenades and rush to unlock it.Step 2: Fill your inventory with breach launchers (preferably remote detonated).Step 3: Laugh maniacally as you tear enemies ships apart, leaving them to either be sucked into the vacuum of space to slowly asphyxiate or be marooned on one of the few squares that remains..."
,Recommended,268130,35186957,Posted: 24 September,all,FLYING OBJECTS?,Cunning Plan Simulator 2017. Very good
76561198115043953,Recommended,268130,35112382,Posted: 21 September,all,Knife Dad's Gay Daughter,">unlock everything gun>enter ship>start killing people>don't look where you're shooting>shotgun 20 swords across the room, killing 4 people and knocking yourself out10/10 would sword shotgun again"
76561198115259449,Recommended,268130,35114611,Posted: 21 September,all,turbinea,"everything that was promised and more. seriously, you can go inside the spaceships :)"
76561198053637246,Recommended,268130,35114736,Posted: 21 September,all,JoStriker,Plan A - Great idea this will totally work!Plan B - Well crap plan A did not work thats why we have backup plans!Plan C - O god everything is going wrong I am boned.Plan DO NOT USE - We blowin this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ up.
,Recommended,268130,35162081,Posted: 23 September,all,Romanov,"Such an awesome game, I love it."
,Recommended,268130,35189455,Posted: 24 September,all,hotmatrixx,https://youtu.be/fENJUPWNiiE
,Recommended,268130,35129445,Posted: 22 September,all,Ronin Tetsuro,"Full Disclosure: I have the game paused to write this review. Just can't seem to stop playing it.It's Hotline Miami in space.Pick your merc, accept a mission and get out there in the deep blue. Docking is a nice touch, you have to do it manually for the most part. The harder missions need more than pipewrench swinging, and you. will. die.Can't get enough. Surprising amount of depth too. One of the most fun ""one more mission"" roguelites I've played. And I've played em all.EDIT: If you're still not convinced, I started a mission right after this review where a station wanted to defect, so they sent their hardest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ into space with a shotgun and a pistol, no ship. I had to use his shotgun to propel myself into the enemy ship's airlock and then kill everyone on board while they were on high alert. This game is for gamers who love gameplay."
76561197970440834,Recommended,268130,35122611,Posted: 22 September,all,hermanJnr.,"ORCELL FAIRPLAY was drunk. This was nothing new. What was new was the lack of cash in his pockets.""You owe me, Orcell Fairplay."" Rasped the bartender. ""If that REALLY is your name?! It's ridiculous. And you're not getting another drop until you pay up.""""Now w-wait a minute Benny, I rescued your wife from...from that spaceship, remember? Drinks were...f-f-free for me?""""EX-wife. She's suing me for half of this Goddamn bar, so you'd better pay up soon or you can get your dopey butt off of this asteroid!""Orcell slicked back his bright purple hair and groaned, heaving himself off the stool and over to the weapon shops. Breaching was excellent money, and one more death-defying ship hijacking would be all he'd need to keep Benny knee-deep in credits for the next 2 months.The weapons dealer eyed him suspiciously.""Yo, you drunk? Whatever, I got what you need bro. Glitch Traps, Sidewinders, Swappers, Quietguns, Longblades, Prankspasms-""""None of that. Pass me that Whackactivated Ridged Energy Neutralising Cranial Hammer system.""""What?""""The wrench. Pass me the freakin' wrench. I'll give you five bucks for it.""""Errrr....deal. I guess?""Moments later Orcell was chatting to a shady figure on a vid screen, idly patting his free hand with the big spanner reassuringly. Or menacingly, depending on your point of view.""Orcell. We need you to assassinate a guy named August. He's a tactical genius and he's doing crazy damage to us in the war effort. It's got to be quick, it's got to be clean, it's got to be EFFICIENT. You down?""""What's...what's the pay?""""Good God I can smell the liquor through this vidscreen. I'm not sure I want you for this mis-""""No, fine, I'll do it, whatever!""Burping as he entered the airlock, Orcell heaved himself into his little ship. Drunkenly pawing the controls of his pod, Orcell raced at relativistic speeds towards his prey...a large whale of a Foundry vessel. With an awful screech, the pod thundered down the hull of the ship and pounded into the little docking nook.""They won't have heard that."" He thought. ""Total stealth.""The first guard he encountered was a young woman, with neat bunned hair and the cool blue uniform of all Foundry employees. She was quite a beauty, though her nose looked squashed, crooked. Perhaps a relic from a beating from a Breacher long past? Orcell couldn't help but think that if he'd found her in the bar he'd probably be making futile attempts to convince her to snog her face right now.""Hm, she looks like a decent lass. No need for unnecessary violence here, I can just tiptoe-""CREAK. His big drunken clodhopper had dislodged a nearby grating. Up ahead, the guard drew a mean-looking blaster and began to walk towards him at a brisk pace.Orcell fell quickly into a little cubby, trying to will himself not to drop into a liquor fuelled snooze. She was close now. He could read the name on her badge: ""SARAH, HAPPY TO HELP."" It was unfortunate, but there was only one course of action. It was that or be shot.WHAMCRUNCH. The guard recoiled as the huge wrench landed a vicious overhead blow. There was the faint tinkle of teeth on metal and she slammed so hard into the wall that she left a slight imprint.""He...help me...? Whyyyyy...?"" She croaked, passing into merciful unconsciousness as Orcell lifted her dropped gun.""Bloodless."" Thought Orcell, smugly. ""There won't be a single innocent casualty on this mission, 'cos I'm a PROFESSIONAL.""He stepped over Sarah's limp body and gently tucked a card for Intergalactic Plastic Surgery Inc. into her tunic. Guards got good pay, she'd be fine. Probably.A short walk away and he came to the Captain, plugged into the vessel's computers and steering it towards it's destination. Or playing Sweetie Block Crush in VR...it never was 100% clear what he was doing, exactly. The WRENCH device once again sang it's holy song.A few more corridors and he spotted a wiry, clever looking man directing two lieutenants. This must be his target. Within moments he would be ending this poor fella's life. Orcell didn't like killing, and he felt a twinge of guilt. But the money was the important thing. ""Tactical genius. Better be careful. BURRRP.""He crept further towards the room and then noticed, with horror, that they'd already spotted him. The corridor was too far away...August had his blaster out and Orcell was dead in the crosshairs. This was it. Game over. He was going to die, and he was going to die drunk.""FAIRCELL HORSEPLAY! I HAVE BEEN EXPECTING YOU!""""PEW."" August's blaster rang out clear as day, firing at the interloper once. Orcell closed his eyes and waited for death. And waited. And waited. Then...an awful splintering-fiery crash. The bullet had struck a fuel tank, and August screamed incoherently as he was sucked into a yawning hull breach of his own making.""That's hardly fairplay."" Orcell quipped, facepalming at himself afterwards.""Target eliminated."" His headset informed him, the ship settling into silence. ""Bloodless."" Orcel thought once again, exceedingly smugly.He passed back over the slumbering Sarah, catching sight of her unhinged jaw. She was unemployed now, and the Foundry probably wouldn't be best pleased with her. He paused for a long moment, staring at the ceiling...and then gingerly scooped her up, carrying her gently towards the Pod.Back at the asteroid he saluted his employer, and grabbed his cash. A few hours later he was at the bar, showcasing a big goofy smile to Benny.""That's only half the money."" Benny muttered. ""The job gave you three times what was needed, I checked. Where's the rest Orcell? You holding out on me?""""This lovely lady is Sarah. We just got back from a fruitful trip to Intergalactic Plastic Surgery Inc. Pour two whiskies and we'll have a toast. Actually scratch that, I'll have a water.""Benny scoffed incredulously as he got the drinks.""To new noses, and new beginnings. Never thought I'd be drinking with a Breacher."" Sarah said, flashing Orcell an awkward grin.""To new beginnings."" Orcell echoed. ""And one more mission..."" He thought, catching Benny's money-hungry glare.""One more mission."""
,Recommended,268130,35127663,Posted: 22 September,all,chendawg,Hotline Miami gameplay crossed into an immersive sim in space? This game is a steal at $15.
,Recommended,268130,35221459,Posted: 26 September,all,Mr.0rc,"Have you ever wanted to hijack a spaceship like a badass?Finally there is a game that allows you to do just that.Bludgeon, slice, and shoot your way to victory. Get creative, improvise, and do the impossible.Failure is death, and death brings a new life where you risk it all.Absolutely fantastic game.If it gets a replay function, it'd be perfect. I would love to watch it all unfold in real-time after the fact."
76561198000697779,Recommended,268130,35217410,Posted: 26 September,all,theresabeaninthere,"OMFG I love it... It's one of those games when I saw the gameplay videos I started thinking ""this is something I could love""...That itch you get for a particular game but nothing quite fits the bill? This is what hit that spot for me.It's almost like a version of lander, mixed with strong influences from Hotline Miami, and a hugeness that should keep it interesting for ages.I can imagine one day getting bored with the repetitive gameplay but... that day is a longggg long way off.I have only 8 hours but I've been sick and unable to play. I'm going to be on this one a lot.WOO"
,Recommended,268130,35125785,Posted: 22 September,all,f4stjack,"I have no words for this game. It leaves you speechless. But let's start from the basics:What is Heat Signature (HS)HS is a top down shooter game like hotline miami. But instead of fast twitchy reflexes all you need is a general outline of what to do. Which is briefly stated in the briefing you usually get.In a way this game reminds me of the Shadowrun games we played in the university on pen and paper. Minutes of planning which goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥due to unforeseen circumstances and you have to lethally improvise new plan in seconds. But thanks to freeze&play and time slowing this is done in a very controllable manner. Weirdly, even though the action is in slo mo, it leaves a fast&furious experience afterwards. You see a guard, blast him down with a shottie, then the other guard shoots, you switch places to make him eat his own bullet and drop a grenade to a room with glasses which the target resides, it explodes taking the target to vacuum in which he aphixiates.The basic gameplay mechanics are super fun, the rest is icing on the cake. The equipments, rarity and speciality of equipments, missions, how you approach... everything is randomized or left to you. I haven't done an approach like this yet but I've heard people capturing other ships to attack to the target's ship. I see no reason this can't be done.All in all this is a very replayable, long and fun game. Heartily recommended!"
,Recommended,268130,35219325,Posted: 26 September,all,Crysikrend,"I got a boner from this.It is is as good as it looks, and I actually really enjoy starting a new character unlike most roguelikes. ThIS iS pErFEcTiOn"
76561198054739532,Recommended,268130,35242604,Posted: 27 September,all,JUDE,"Very fun game. I'd call it a mix of Hotline Miami and Ronin. Hotline Miami where instead of always fast action you can pause and can do a bit more planning. Can be a bit of a grind. Rogue like with permenant death, though it has permenant upgrades too."
,Recommended,268130,35361623,Posted: 30 September,all,Guardsman111,">Made Genji because i can, with 2 swords and a pistol just incase>Boards enemy ship with 30 second timer>Plans trap for enemy group of 4>Switches with only shield guy, group s***s itself>Kill other 3 enemies with 2 swings and 1 bullet>Storm Pilot's chamber and eliminate him silently (with 4 seconds left on timer)>Slowly stalk around ship killing remaining enemies one by one>Flies ship filled with bodies back to station and presents it as a gift for 87 credit reward11/10 would be a sadistic Genji hunting humans again."
,Recommended,268130,35154609,Posted: 23 September,all,Yoda's Lovechild,"I am 4 & a bit hours into a quick 15 minute look at this game :)I have barely begun to scratch the surface of the mechanics of this game, there are so many ways to use the multitude of items available. I am also loving that I am constantly being pushed out of my comfort zone with new challenges & variety of missions. These missions range from straightforward small ship assassinations to larger ships with guards & turrets sporting a wide range of gadgets to make your life more interesting than you may want :).The combination of (dare I say it) ""Rogue-Like"" elements with the ongoing story/map progression across characters is quite a nice touch. Adding the feature of being able to retire a character & send a named weapon into both yours & your friends' random pool was an excellent idea.I can seriously see myself spending quite a bit of time heisting ships across the universe & if you like well made, thought out & executed semi roguelikes that have tense & funny moments of self-generating stories, this might just be for you too."
,Recommended,268130,35157071,Posted: 23 September,all,SFYard,"Heat Signuature shows you the ropes. Then, it rips you out of the ring and tosses you to the lions in the arena. Each mission forces you to come up with a strategy, then adjust on the fly as things go from bad to worse. Success is never guaranteed but always feels great."
,Recommended,268130,35140384,Posted: 22 September,all,Beliandrax,By far the best game I've ever played. Bought it the day it came out and have played it every moment possible.Hotline Miami with real time stratagy in space.10/10                 better than hotline miami
,Recommended,268130,35208852,Posted: 25 September,all,Bodiddley,"I teleported inbetween 2 guards w/shotguns with no weapon. Only to be pulled back (also known as visiting) seconds later, just in time for the to fire simultaneously killing each other. I have two shotguns now."
,Recommended,268130,35371263,Posted: 1 October,all,Chicken McNuggets,I SMACKED THE PILOT OUT OF HIS SEAT WITH A SLEDGEHAMMER AND HE WENT FLYING INTO THE OTHER ROOM AND OUT THE WINDOW INTO SPACE NEVER TO RETURN IM ♥♥♥♥ING OUT OF BREATH SEND HELPOk I have returned to write a proper review.The biggest flaw of this game I see is there is not enough spice in designs of ships. Is quite easy to formulate a plan for each mission when you played the game for a while and start a mission and see a ver familiar design. Though its not bad as the repetition isn't that noticeable once you get into it. Its not like just cause 3 where you go somewhere and have to blow up a near-identicle base. As the ships will have diffrent crews with diffrent abilites of sorts. Plus the options avaliable to you to formulate a play style are vast.
,Recommended,268130,35132133,Posted: 22 September,all,Ravaged Wing,"A top down, open-world, Gunpoint. Really great, play this and Gunpoint"
,Not Recommended,268130,35375608,Posted: 1 October,all,Pangorma,"Adequate variety of weapons/tools/gear.Adequate variety of mission difficulties.Not enough sound effects. The lack of sound effects is making this slightly boring to play.I want to hear: my footsteps, enemies' footsteps, people talking, people shouting (""intruder!"", ""get them!"", ""there they are!"", ""where'd they go?!"", etc.), computers whirring/beeping, engines stuttering/boosting, weapons recharging/reloading, enemies typing on computer terminals, air ventilation, lights buzzing, communication transmissions from the pilot's seat on enemy ships, people chatting in friendly stations).EDIT: after 2 hours 41 minutes of play time, I think I've seen all the possible themes of ships' interior designs. The appearance of ships is getting stale.There's always pointless empty rooms in enemy ships. The ship interiors need context; why do those rooms exist? Are they just empty storage rooms? If they're storage rooms, why do so many ships have empty storage rooms? There are no canteens or bedrooms. Adding context would bring life to the enemies and they would seem less like lifeless NPCs doing the same primitive patrols around the ship.5/10."
,Recommended,268130,35122687,Posted: 22 September,all,DR.DOGMAN,gud gam
,Recommended,268130,35202765,Posted: 25 September,all,Yuri (The first Cosmonaut),"Rogue-like genre is one of my favorite genres, and seeing a game like Heat Signature that innovates in the rogue-like genre is so heartwarming and exciting for me.'Suspicious Developments' Did a great job here. Kudos to them."
,Recommended,268130,35233086,Posted: 26 September,all,SkyWolve,Space
,Not Recommended,268130,35180191,Posted: 24 September,all,Magician,"The game is often compared to the likes of Hotline Miami, but this is strictly untrue. Hotline Miami was incredibly hard, especially if you didn't take things slowly and carefully or if you weren't just good at the game. This game takes a small while to get used to, but once you DO get used to it and your characters get geared up, well, it becomes mind-numbingly easy. The slow-motion mechanics make dodging bullets a breeze unless they come from a turret or shotgun, and even then the game is very generous with loot it throws at you, giving you teleporters and items that let you dodge these things anyway.It feels very rinse and repeat even with the game's style. You pick a mission, you check the guards' gear (there are a lot of variations, but not much in terms of quantity. There are five things guards can have: heat sensors, emergency shielding, actual shielding, armor and a teleport that makes them rush towards you. This really isn't very much, all things considered, and there often isn't enough variety.Moving on, once you're prepared, you go to your pod, then fly towards the ship. After bumping into it a few times, you get to the dock and you land. You walk through, you rush towards the pilot and you kill or knock him out. Then you kill everyone inside via the easymode slow motion, you do your job, you go back to your pod. If you get KO'd or shot? Doesn't matter, you can just go right back in because the pilot's dead and apparently nobody onboard knows how to copilot.So far, I have liberated three out of four strongholds of the four factions in missions that are supposed to be difficult as hell. It was a legitimate breeze. All I had to do was use my Visitor (a personal teleporter that teleports you to one place for two seconds before returning you to the original position), find and takedown the pilot of the ship then just breeze my way through. Shot? No problem, my Angel pod negates all consequences of that. Knocked unconcious? Again, Angel pod (or I could just catch myself, which really isn't hard, either).Everything is just repetitive. Everything is boring. It was fun for the first two hours, and I mildly reget not refunding it. Oh well! I can't wait for the dev to release a 'BOILING HOT' edition or 'EXTREME' edition that will make the game more difficult for the low, low price of $12.Pros:Runs extremely well even on a garbage tier PC. Seriously, the optimisation is perfect. Did get a bit of slowdown but nothing major.Was fun for an hour or two.Difficult (at the start)Looks very nice.Pokes fun at microtransactions with the Overpriced Loot Crate.Cons:Not difficult (once you get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together, which takes no time at all)A certain faction's ships are an eyesore. I get that it was probably intentional and all, but still, a little bit of variety wouldn't hurt.Unfun after a few hours.Very few, if any, consequences to dying or getting KO'd.Extremely repetitive.Random generator doesn't do 'random' well enough.Very easy to game the system.No variety in ship types- why is every ship armed with missile weapons? Why are there no cargo ships? Trader ships? Why can't I raid a space station?'Liberating' a space station is just pressing a button and watching a pod fly over. No other interaction.The Stealth Shield is literally just an arrow pointing towards the direction you're facing, blocking line of sight by enemies. That's just incredibly lazy.Dumb AI.Devs need to try harder."
,Recommended,268130,35155344,Posted: 23 September,all,EbolafromMenola,Emergent gameplay done right.You had a nice plan to get a mysterious technology back nice and safe. You just got in the crosshairs of the wrong guy and the entire ship is now out to get you AND is on course for a hostile space station. You have 75 seconds to find an escape or you are captured - until you can be rescued by your next character.Surrounded by guards you throw a wrench at the window and blast everyone including you into space. Remote control your pod to pick you up and get back to the airlock just in time to rush to the captain and knock him out. Climbing into the captains chair you guide the ship away from your certain doom.Clutching the strange card you were sent to find you escape the way you came in and fly back to a friendly space station to drop the chip off and continue on your quest to find out who |̴̧|҉̢҉̧̛|͠|̡̛̀͝|̛҉̛|̨̀͘ your |͠҉̀͜|̛̕͠͡|̶̡̀͜͠|̸̨͞|̛̛͜͟͞|̕͢͠.
,Recommended,268130,35115359,Posted: 21 September,all,TheFrostyBrit,"5 hour play session, 10/10, Game of the Year"
,Recommended,268130,35140016,Posted: 22 September,all,A sack of kittens XS,"Only two hours in and I love who this game looks and where it is headed. So far , 5/5."
,Recommended,268130,35110693,Posted: 21 September,all,NeGiTiVe,I just spent the last 2 hours playing this absolouting amazing
,Recommended,268130,35111059,Posted: 21 September,all,Crokoking,Great game. Played the final beta for a while and bought it immediately on release. Even allowed me to continue from the beta saves
76561198124551026,Recommended,268130,35202033,Posted: 25 September,all,Hayden,PLEASE BRING THIS TO THE NINTENDO SWITCH! Absolutely loving this game! Wasn't a big fan of top down games like these but this one is A LOT of fun. First time in a while I have worried about my characters deaths! Haha
76561198108060886,Recommended,268130,35331201,Posted: 30 September,all,keepo,I swapped places with assasination target I just fired a bullet at. Killed myself. 10/10 would misclick again.
,Recommended,268130,35110966,Posted: 21 September,all,Elite,LOVE THE GAME SO MUCH MY STORY:Get a mission to assasinate an enemy faction leader.. i was like ok easy peasy BUT i was dumb and didnt see that is said WARNING THIS MISSION IS INSIDE A WARZONE oooh and the fun i had when i arrived i landed inside their ship started kiling them sudenly.. BOOOOM LIKE 20 ROCKETS HIT THE SHIP IT WAS TORN APART ALL ENEMYS FLEW OUT OF THE BREACH IT WAS SO EPIC I BARELY SURVIVED I HAD TO REMOTE CONTROL MY SPACE SHIP TO PICK ME UP THEN I WENT TO THE ENEMY SHIP THAT WAS SHOOTING AND KILLED EVERYONE AND USED ITS ROCKETS TO KILL MY TARGET. basicly what im saying is this game is amaizing awesoem cool you can aproach missions anyway you want 10/10
,Recommended,268130,35283985,Posted: 28 September,all,Napalm,"The AI is playing FTL, but you're playing Hotline Miami."
76561198014289925,Recommended,268130,35282177,Posted: 28 September,all,patfeerick,I love it!
,Recommended,268130,35136494,Posted: 22 September,all,aku,"Very good game, well worth the price."
,Recommended,268130,35137007,Posted: 22 September,all,ExplodingWaffle,"I had a mission where I couldnt harm anyone, and the object I had to steal was locked behind a level 3 door, the keys of which I couldnt obtain without harming anybody.The solution: Place a glitch trap which teleports a guard inside the room, wait til he opens the door to get out, sneak in, grab the thing, get out.My escape was locked behind a door I had teleported (swapped with another guard who took bloody ages to wonder into the range of my teleporter) through. Easy enough: shoot out the window, and rescue yourself with my pod.10/10 holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game can be hard at times, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t solutions you figure out make you so smug its worth it (get mindgamed stupid ♥♥♥♥in guards haha)"
,Recommended,268130,35136277,Posted: 22 September,all,Waffle,"Blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up, Slow time and dodge bullets, Ram into ships hull to create an entrance, Run around like an anarchist blowing random people up and killing everyone in sight for the revolution, Sneak past difficult enemies (If your a puspus), Throw people out of airlocks.This is all I wanted.11/10 would rebel again."
76561198004617133,Recommended,268130,35134065,Posted: 22 September,all,[HONK] THESOVIETRUSSIAN,Very good game. shooter game with a lot of stratergy involved.
,Recommended,268130,35142354,Posted: 22 September,all,Dnomirraf,Great game
,Recommended,268130,35142924,Posted: 22 September,all,Zeekner,"It would take forever to describe why this game is so great, just buy it instead."
,Recommended,268130,35143182,Posted: 22 September,all,Trinitrotoluene,Great game. Fun game.
,Recommended,268130,35112820,Posted: 21 September,all,Bichael Molton,"It's really fun, buy it!If you liked gunpoint or any game like it, you'll love this. Helps to be a fan of Sci-fi too."
,Recommended,268130,35188495,Posted: 24 September,all,"""new ***** name""",great game dude great time killer waht can  isay dude great game lol lol well dude gota blast hold up one more thing great game lol! peace out guys! lol!!!!!!!!!!!! hope you nejoyed my review lol well dude not even going to proof read my review loglsda well guys peace out hope u enjoyed my teefiview lol got a big sapnish test on teusday gotta get back to it theis is my way of procrastinating well dude peace out oops almost forgot lol pranked seeya guys talk later in future rteviews keepo a look out for me lol peace out boys oh no grandma is on fire gotta og guys peace
,Not Recommended,268130,35181319,Posted: 24 September,all,Sleepy Head,"Dont use my opinion as the be all for this game, if you enjoy it that's great.I initially thought this game would be right in my wheelhouse but after spending just over an hour on it I was simply bored. The gameplay is pretty repetetive and it has a few mechanics that just feel really annoying like recovering your body while it's in space.On top of this there was this one specific situation where I had to assassinate someone so I threw their body near a window and then shot the window. What happened was only I got sucked out and his unconcious body stayed on the ground(?) and I failed the mission. Not really sure why that is."
76561198071860659,Recommended,268130,35192309,Posted: 24 September,all,Master_Slater_Guy,Very addicting
,Recommended,268130,35192280,Posted: 24 September,all,L U K E,Like Hotline Miami mixed with FTL  and even better than that
,Recommended,268130,35359374,Posted: 30 September,all,Solid,its ♥♥♥♥ing good
,Recommended,268130,35368215,Posted: 1 October,all,Kvass,"""When your 13 year-old non-marrital partner racks up a six figure debt, so you have to violate United Mc iAndroid's NAP by staging a flase-flag attack on them using a recently hijacked Anonymous recreational fission torpedo corvette to steal a prototype iPDA 10000 for the purposes of free market auction.""8/10 pretty good"
76561198051824958,Recommended,268130,35219375,Posted: 26 September,all,b_random9,"My mission was to infiltrate a ship to capture my target. Problem was he had a shield. I tried to infiltrate and shoot out the windows to pull him through the airlock but I ended up getting shot out myself. Solution? Hijack another ship, ram it into my target ship, scoop my target out of space before he dies. GOTY!"
,Recommended,268130,35121789,Posted: 21 September,all,fr33k,Yes
,Recommended,268130,35122454,Posted: 22 September,all,Durandle,"I've only played a bit, but so far it's awesome."
,Recommended,268130,35122492,Posted: 22 September,all,EPiQ,"Absolutely wonderful little game that sucked me in and didn't let go. FTL meets Hotline Miami of sorts...add in a somtimes stealth and always puzzling element, and you have a really fun title.The only thing I find myself wishing I could do is build larger ships myself and become a mobile station."
,Recommended,268130,35122094,Posted: 22 September,all,Unnecessary Dairy Overlap,"it's all good fun, just keep in mind that the difficulty's all over the place. a lot of missions are just about a cake walk if you got your tactical pausing down, but then occasionally you come accross a mission thats almost impossible. in the end, this game is like a more tactical hotline miami, but in space, and with some stealth"
,Recommended,268130,35125991,Posted: 22 September,all,Yoshidawk,"After 7 hours I finally have the perfect story to tell.The name's Mali Boden; I took a job on a foundry ship a few weeks into my career and the contract told me not to kill anyone but by the time I got on the ship I had a turret staring me dead in the face, so I subverted it, turned it on my side and accidentally killed three people. Guess I'm going loud. The only other problem I had in that room (other than the fact that I was equipped with a wrench in lieu of my usual longsword that I named Eddie) was a shielded guard to my left, I subverted his shield and made him shoot him self in the face.That's how Boden loads 'em.After that I still had about 700 feet of ship and 20 to maybe 100 guards standing in my way to hijack the son'gun. I got through the first few rooms pretty easy, stayed out of sight of the other shielded guards to save my last subverter charge while knocking out the weaker ones on my way to the pilot. By the time I got to the pilot though I ran into a problem, one of the son'benches saw me and I had to act quick, I knocked out the pilot and ran away from the shielded guard who yelled out to the rest of his crew that there was a badarse on board, dam near got shot by one of the maybe 50 to 100 turrets on board during my escape.After finding a nice corner to catch my breath in, I stole some keys with my key cloner and went into one of the stash rooms on board since I knew I'd be safe there. Let me give you a bit of Boden history while I got you here, I am the luckiest son'gun you will ever see, my momma told me a leprechuan with a necklace of horse shoes delivered me unto the world, well my momma always liked her moonshine but I believe her, my guns are silent quick and powerful, my tools are unmatched, I have a rechargeable stealth shield, subverter, long range key cloner, and swapper, and that was just on me at the time, but when I tell you I am the LUCKIEST son'gun you will ever see I'm not talking fairytales.In that stash room I found nothing else but the fabled, rechargeable slipstream, now I can not properly describe how paramount this was to my eventual completion of this mission. The room outside these doors was covered in guards, like rats in a brothel, but with my final subverter charge a well timed stealth shield and the 10 seconds the slipstream gave me of superhuman speed, I subverted a turret nearby, went back to the stash room and watched the bodies fly.But there was one problem with my plan, I was out of subverter charges and there were still maybe 3 to 1000 shielded guards on the ship, there was no way I could hijack the son'gun with them around, so I knew what I had to do, the first guy my new turret killed threw him into a nearby window and broke it, I threw myself out of it (badarse) called my ship nd went back to home base to recharge, luckily since the pilot was out their ship was just drifting out in space while I did this, and boy oh boy was it lucky, I grabbed Eddie and my gun and went back for revenge, long story short those shield boys were a bit suicidal if you catch my drift heheh.10/10 would tell shielded guard ""Why ya hittin' yourself"" again."
76561198035658801,Recommended,268130,35128406,Posted: 22 September,all,Snow Squirrel,Super addictive.
,Recommended,268130,35122332,Posted: 22 September,all,[CALC] Kartleggingsprøve,fantastic
,Recommended,268130,35127347,Posted: 22 September,all,Crawlspace,Fun!
76561198261066527,Recommended,268130,35127629,Posted: 22 September,all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),excellent game addictive i like the fact items have rare value or exceptional or intresting i recently found a super rare item amazing game gets repetitive but what game doesent
76561198007020521,Recommended,268130,35128221,Posted: 22 September,all,Steviefaux,I liked watching Tom's series on making a game without any experience in Game Maker and I then witness him have the idea for Heat Signature. First it was the graple came then it turned into Heat Signature. I wasn't that interested but because of how he's started his dev career I kept watching.Can't believe it's been 3 years but during that time I still wasn't that interested. Not enough to get on the BETA (I think there was one). But then saw the trailer on release. Purchased straight away and have played for over 2 hours already.It's really good.
76561197968532770,Recommended,268130,35128525,Posted: 22 September,all,Loctar,Fun game :)
,Recommended,268130,35219690,Posted: 26 September,all,Ziks,"Absolutely love it at the moment, it's fantastic at generating moments where you think you're ♥♥♥♥ed, but manage to find a solution anyway. Art is great, music is great, equipment variety is great, can see myself enjoying it for many hours more.A couple of criticisms though. I would love to have a replay feature, where I can watch what I did in real-time (so without pauses), and ideally share those replays easily.Also the guard AI is mostly okay, but in some cases it is a bit too easy to cheese (like when one guard at a time goes off on an errand so you can easily take them out one-by-one), and in other cases the behaviour seems too basic (like when a group goes to investigate a sound, when they get there they all seem to rotate randomly for a few seconds, then walk a few steps, then repeat).Apart from that, really enjoying this game!"
76561197991570135,Recommended,268130,35233825,Posted: 26 September,all,LeNorms,"Supports 21:9, is fun, is cheap.Go get it"
,Recommended,268130,35234205,Posted: 26 September,all,Rykof,Freaking awesome!
76561198116307613,Not Recommended,268130,35438687,Posted: 3 October,all,mironricardo,"Fun, but after a while (like 3 maybe 4 hours) it gets really repetitive and kinda boring. Also, the fact you have to fly station to station to browse different items is really annoying.I am playing just to see if anything special will happen after liberating a whole faction,"
76561198078369043,Recommended,268130,35428011,Posted: 2 October,all,Adultish Sadbino,>assasination>pacifist>♥♥♥♥inghippies.mp3>get to ship>guy is behind locked doors>too lazy to steal keys>only one guy next to target>theswitchup.mp4>assasinate>doors locked>ohshit.jpeg>see window>see shotgun>escape
76561198101443468,Recommended,268130,35405221,Posted: 1 October,all,somemeanside,"Like space hotline, but better. The hits are so hard and the death is so real. 10/10"
76561198271111208,Recommended,268130,35279348,Posted: 28 September,all,Clobberer,Feels fast and kinetic at the time as feeling thoughtful and tactical. Good for fans of FTL.
,Recommended,268130,35401525,Posted: 1 October,all,Angry__Bull,Really fun!!
76561198052402802,Recommended,268130,35207961,Posted: 25 September,all,zallo03,"I've been playing through the game and am very happy with the purchase. It sets out to allow fluidic gameplay with versetile use of tools and very much accomplishes that. You can approach the game from so many different angles and using your own creativity and enginuity to do so. One of my personal favorites when dealing with the Foundry is to commandeer a ship and blow off the enemy's engines. Easy pickings.However I feel this game could have more to offer. The tool selection is good. I couldn't ask for a whole lot more there. The weapon choices are decent. But I feel more could be done with ships and systems. For example a power core. hit it too many times and the majority of the ship goes up in flames. Or sever a part of the ship from the core and it looses power. Requiring a space suit if you want to traverse the section. an artificial-gravitational generator (arti-grav-gen for short) which if disabled/destroyed slows movement of any characters without magnetic boots. And of course life support, disable it and the air starts running out.I'd also like to see breach charges you can use to escape a ship post haste.IDK. But I feel as though there is a gap to be filled."
,Recommended,268130,35156441,Posted: 23 September,all,SuperAstronaut,"If you go into this game like Hotline Miami your going to get obliterated. This is game is much more gadget based than Hotline Miami. You'll use gadgets like a variety of teleporters, hacking beams, shields, and grenades to get through tons of enemies. You have a lot of inventory space so you are heavily encouraged to find interesting combos between your gadgets. This is a game in which guns can are used to both do damage from a long distance but also lure them into your fury of wrenches, longblades and shotguns. It is a blast! Just make sure you keep on taking more difficult missions, because if you don't make the game a little more difficult for yourself each mission it will get repetitive."
,Recommended,268130,35454873,Posted: 3 October,all,Baljet,"This game is ridiculously fun. It's all about those ""Oh Fsxk"" moments and then getting out of them by throwing a wrench through a window to get yourself sucked into the vacuum of space to avoid that consussion grenade and your subsequent capture."
76561197970586586,Recommended,268130,35154608,Posted: 23 September,all,paul,"Been awaiting this one since it was first announced and for the most part it doesn't disappoint. You soon realise that preparation is key for most of the missions and that pays off most of the time. The procedural nature of missions and ship configurations  does mean that at times your presented with a room with so many enemies your not going to win unless you can blow them up or eject them into space. Personally I find the timed missions and capture times to be infuriating, sometimes a timed mission barely allows enough time to reach the ship let alone complete the objective, but again I think this is more a product of the procedural generation than of design.That said it is a very enjoyable game and finding unconventional means of completing objectives can be really fun. It appears to be well tested and so far the only bug I found it that my pod can get stuck in a square space when trying to dock, but I gave managed to work it free once or twice."
,Recommended,268130,35125259,Posted: 22 September,all,DocDelicious,Quite possibly the best game ever.
,Recommended,268130,35112249,Posted: 21 September,all,MacCoy,yes.
76561198044324415,Recommended,268130,35110666,Posted: 21 September,all,SpaceCorgi,Looks great.Runs great.Feels great.Sounds great.Is great.Buy it.
,Recommended,268130,35137407,Posted: 22 September,all,Solaire,amazing.
76561198068311496,Recommended,268130,35220744,Posted: 26 September,all,SirAngel,Fun and Runs on ever computer
76561198283692750,Recommended,268130,35186086,Posted: 24 September,all,A Prairedog's best friend,10/10 would steal a ship just to blow it up again!
,Recommended,268130,35198954,Posted: 25 September,all,Bert,I'm a dummy and get launched into space out of broken windows frequently.10/10
76561197994731473,Not Recommended,268130,35358033,Posted: 30 September,all,MonkeyCivilWar,"I loved Gunpoint and Hotline Miami.  I wanted to love this game.  It does have a lot of great things going for it (see the much better reviews to get into this).However, I cannot recommend this game.  The game gains replay with RNG missions, but sacrifices level desgin which is what made Hotline Miami and Gunpoint great games.  This combined with the a hard time really buying into any of the endless cycle of characters made it so that I could not invest myself in the game, no matter how much I wanted to.If you are still curious, buy it, but be prepared to return it if you are not having fun in the first 2 hours."
,Recommended,268130,35222287,Posted: 26 September,all,[EcG] Keltair,"Great roguelike where you play a one-man spacepirate trying to take over ships, lots of fun when you try to push the limits."
,Recommended,268130,35197989,Posted: 25 September,all,The Grand Canyon,"Fantastic little game, gameplay is a lot of fun and rewards all kinds of different play stylesI would definitley reccomend.Played the beta, so I have more hours than listed"
76561198119224575,Recommended,268130,35207080,Posted: 25 September,all,lucasowich,pretty dahm gret
,Recommended,268130,35249364,Posted: 27 September,all,Kross,Yessssss
76561198012071265,Recommended,268130,35155421,Posted: 23 September,all,WoodenDOOM,"Breathtakingly awesome game. A must play for all humans.I was on the fence at first b/c I wasn't impressed by Gunpoint, the developers other game(which doesn't suck but just not for me), but this... my God, this...Just get it.1000/10"
,Recommended,268130,35136782,Posted: 22 September,all,Jordan!,"Will be putting more time into this, but right off the bat this game has really blown my mind.It's not to far from what made Hitman great but in a 2d setting with so, so many more weapons and options.Will update post final review:Quick Look for now --https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meHj8NVVPj8"
,Recommended,268130,35109745,Posted: 21 September,all,Boris for President,"good game, me like lot"
,Recommended,268130,35110203,Posted: 21 September,all,Ernst kushsteiger,it is fun
,Recommended,268130,35111450,Posted: 21 September,all,Alchemist,1. Enter ship2. Walk in front of guard with shield3. Try to hit guard with wrench and fail because he has a shield4. Get knocked out and thrown out the airlock5. ???6. Profit!
,Recommended,268130,35126064,Posted: 22 September,all,Happy little tree,#gamemaker #tomfrancis
,Recommended,268130,35115863,Posted: 21 September,all,ChoGGi,"I'll miss you Cherry (and your self-recharging high capacity slipstream).Edit: OK I got cherry back, geez 0/3 found this helpful, for shame me.Here a save game editor, is this helpful?http://steamcommunity.com/app/268130/discussions/0/1496741765136007251/"
,Not Recommended,268130,35290572,Posted: 29 September,all,TomⒶrky,"if you hate time limits, you might not enjoy this."
76561198095383171,Recommended,268130,35109691,Posted: 21 September,all,AFrog,funny
,Not Recommended,268130,35203591,Posted: 25 September,all,RyanMakesGames,"The game is an interesting roguelike kind of game, and it's quite good when you get into the swing of things, but it's lacking a noticable layer of polish.The pause and slowdown effects activate and deactivate inconsistently, aiming is annoyingly precise (even though the enmy bullets are clearly bigger than they look), and the game is lacking in variety of missions and equipment. Once you've played it through once, you've seen basically everything.I've played it a lot, and I've had a lot of fun, but I've also had a lot of frustration.It's unique, but I can't honestly recommend a game this unfinished at this price. Maybe if you find a sale?"
,Not Recommended,268130,35247353,Posted: 27 September,all,Sentura,"I was a fan of Gunpoint and thought, ""sweet, this will be like Gunpoint mixed with Hotline Miami... IN SPACE!""It would be nice if that was the case, but instead the gameplay focuses on basically not playing the game.You spend most of your time pausing the game. No item is really out of your reach because you can just teleport it to your position. These two things combined make the gameplay dull and uninteresting. It's a real shame because it seems there's been a lot of thought put into how you could plan and execute each mission using whatever tools available. I understand that later on the game spikes the difficulty by adding alarm timers, bigger areas and generally more complexity, but all of this difficulty gets more or less negated because you can always pause the game, so you never feel the urgency get to you.I usually enjoy puzzle and stealth games, but I couldn't bring myself to enjoy this when it feels like there's a focus on the wrong parts of the game. The idea feels like it could have been better executed with turn-based combat and otherwise a freedom to run around instead of forcing players to pause every time something new happens.The controls also feel like they would have been better suited towards a gamepad than just keyboard and mouse, which just makes movement feel strange and unintuitive.I can't recommend the game personally, because I am not a fan of games that force you to pause, but at the same time it's my own fault for not reading the labels and descriptions."
,Not Recommended,268130,35308036,Posted: 29 September,all,VolticSurge,Fatal Error: The Game.
76561198085713487,Not Recommended,268130,35187206,Posted: 24 September,all,Calamari,"why must every ship consists of dozens of rooms of 4+ people standing in a circle? if you dont have the gdagets to deal with this one scenario, which every ship has about 6 times over, then you might as well jump out the ship yourself. There is no other challenge in this game besides this one scenario"
76561198055647976,Not Recommended,268130,35241862,Posted: 27 September,all,ColonelCluckers,"Seems fun, up until about an hour later you realise you've pretty much done everything, i.e invade a ship do obj, go back.That's it. That's all you do over and over again. I have no idea why this is ♥♥♥♥ing overwhelmingly positive. It's got all the depth of a ♥♥♥♥ing flash game but yet it costs £11. Thank ♥♥♥♥ for Steam refunds."
,Not Recommended,268130,35157939,Posted: 23 September,all,Stavros,"Great premise, great game.Graphics are so cluttered I can't tell the difference between a guard and a bush until one shoots me."
,Not Recommended,268130,35194691,Posted: 24 September,all,S1nn3r,Eh. It's just repetitive and it gets boring really quick.
76561198054725871,Not Recommended,268130,35323852,Posted: 29 September,all,jeromocles,"The only ""heat signature"" is the stink emanating from this steaming pile of ...(space)ship.  A veritable... captain's log.  A space adventure that will leave you down in the ...dumps.  (just kidding, it's not that bad)I really tried to like this game.  Unfortunately, I just wasn't having fun.The early-game stages are a particuarly tedious grind, and the unforgiving permadeath mechanic promotes a very slow, deliberate playstyle to maiximize success.  During my last campaign, which lasted over an hour, I took a gamble on a challenging mission, and in the heat of battle, a ""zoom out"" bug occurred, I misclicked, and my journey ended.  Oops.  Back to square one.I know it's to be expected in rogue-likes, but whereas death in other games leave me with an impulse to immediately restart a new campaign (FTL, Binding of Isaac, Gungeoun), Heat Signature left no such desire.It's not a terrible game by any means, it just didn't have enough variety or action to sustain my focus.  Toward the end, I found myself playing simply to justify the purchase.Maybe with a little more polish or time, I'll come back and give it another chance."
,Not Recommended,268130,35162319,Posted: 23 September,all,2nd Chance,"Found this game became quickly repetitive and found the weapons really didnt have much depth. However, this is from extremely limited play time and judging by the 'Very Postive' reviews its most likely just my opinion and maybe you should still give it a go."
,Not Recommended,268130,35138891,Posted: 22 September,all,Klwd (Cloud),"Now, while I think this is a great concept there needs to be more. I think the missions are great and especially the personal missions and the whole space and boarding concept but there is not much else to this game besides that and the hotline miami type shooter which I know are not the same but are still similar, I just wish there was more to it"
,Not Recommended,268130,35157389,Posted: 23 September,all,jessetheduck,"Game is okay, but after 2 hours you've seen pretty much every weapon/mission. Would be more fun with a bit more variety, but especially challenge, which it lacks right now. Maybe introducing a few roguelike mechanics/perma death would be interesting.Also, when you kill enemies they die, when they kill you with the same weapon you get knocked and thrown out of the air lock where you can simply just recollect yourself?..."
,Not Recommended,268130,35277944,Posted: 28 September,all,The Indie Critic,"Watch the video version athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHyizW-PaZgI’m about to show you guys the quickest way to get mass hate on a Review of a video game. I dislike Heat Signature. Yes yes I know what you’re all thinkingBUT WHY!?! IT HAS A 94% APPROVAL RATING ON STEAM!\Well that’s why I’m here, welcome to this episode of Indie Reviews.Heat signature is a game where you invade spaceships and either kill everyone on board, or not kill everyone on board. That’s basically it. There are about 4 different mission types in the game, assassinate, Capture/Rescue, Steal, and Commandeer, each mission can have a different modifier to it, like “Don’t let anyone die”, “Kill Everyone”, or “set off no alarms” There are a couple more but you get the point. You don’t have to listen to the modifier but you’ll lose the Bonus you’ll receive if you actually beat the mission the proper way.Heat Signature suffers from one major issue, the tutorial level is no different than a mission labeled with the “Mistake” difficulty. A pretty bold statement I know, but as soon as you unlock the Concussion Hammer the game is already over. All you need to do is buy two of these, have one as your right click and have the other as your left click. You literally kill people so quick with this combo that the game is completely unplayable after that, just watch.After getting this combo all you do is blitz people, it takes all the strategy out of the game. Well what little strategy was in it to begin with.Yes I understand, there are “Cool” ways you can try and kill someone. But why would I waste my time doing that when I can also just get a silenced shotgun and kill everyone in a room with one shot.This is why the missions start to feel repetitive, lets say for example you have the kill everyone modifier. Ok so get your Concussion Hammer and clear the ship in 30 seconds, stack everyone at a window and shoot it.Lets say you have the don’t kill anyone modifier, alright then just get your Concussion Hammer combo and then clear the mission in 30 seconds.What about a mission that is already on the way to a station? Alright just get your Concussion Hammer combo and kill everyone on the ship in 30 seconds then win.How about a mission where you have to not set off any alarms? Alright just get your Concussion Hammer combo and kill everyone in 30 seconds. Even if the guards spot you, you kill them quick enough that they can’t set the alarm off anyways.You see what I’m talking about? The game has no depth because it doesn’t force you do play any mission with just shield guys, or just armoured guys. If you start seeing those mission, just don’t play them. The only thing you’re missing out on are some credits, but by the time you clear out one shield mission, I’ve already cleared 6 missions without shield guys in it making me more credits.Before you go saying I’m robbing myself from experiencing the game, I’m going to have to counter and say if I can come across an OP combo in a game and can beat the entire game with it without any effort that is the fault of the developers and the layout of the game, not the person playing the game. It’s like I got a Raygun with unlimited ammo in World At War, would I just put it back on the ground? ♥♥♥♥ no, and neither would you!Lets talk about the ships, they’re all Procedural generated, which some would claim as increasing replay ability but I don’t see them that way at all. They’re all laid out almost exactly the same. Sure some are short, some are long but that’s really it. The pilot location will change and the objective will move but that’s really it. There are only a couple tile sets as well which doesn’t help in turning the game into one endless smear of un-inspired content.Honestly I don’t understand how all these people enjoy this game! There are 612 reviews on steam, and 30 of them are negative.This one guy says “If you loved hotline Miami, this is everything it was and so much more!” and I’m going to disagree with him 100% This is not even close to the quality of Hotline Miami. Hotline Miami had tight controls, had prebuilt levels with increasingly difficult layouts, and it had an amazing soundtrackHeat Signature had un-responsive controls (Play the clip)It’s levels are a Procedural mess which look and feel exactly the same. I can’t really critique the Music much in the game because it was unmemorable. The only one that I even remember, and I stopped playing twenty minutes ago was the soundtrack in the stations, because that’s the place you’ll be spending most of your time.What am I not seeing that these people are. Lets dive further into the problems of the game.I’ve some people saying the game is like The Binding Of Isaac…. This game is nothing like Isaac. There are a tiny amount of weapons, a fraction the enemies and nothing to keep your attention for multiple play sessions. I’ve 100% The Original Isaac, and have Platinum God in the new Isaac, so I feel fully confident in saying Heat Signature is nothing like Isaac, and has no where near the content.Finally lets talk about RNG. Enemy ships can sometimes spawn behind the ship you’ve boarded and shoot the ship. If you’re unlucky your room will be the first one shot, you’ll instantly die, and be warped into space. I’ve lost two characters like this because I was killed before and didn’t have enough time to get my ship to my character. It feels cheap and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when this happens.And sometimes you’ll just glitch and shoot out of the shipSo is there even anything that I enjoyed about this game? Well, I can admit that the first thirty minutes I was hooked. I enjoyed my self quite a bit, and then the hour mark hit, and I started noticing the game wasn’t changing. Then the two hour mark hit, and I started getting upset  because the game wasn’t changing. Then the Three hour mark hit, and I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because the game didn’t change.And I guess I can say the General Concept of the game is at least interesting, but can I recommend this game? Absolutely not. This is the lowest I think I’ve rated a game on this show, I’m giving this game a 3/10.I don’t even know if I can recommend to buy this game on sale, it’s just left such a sour taste."
,Not Recommended,268130,35192612,Posted: 24 September,all,Jaal,Meh at best.
,Recommended,268130,35112552,Posted: 21 September,all,Sir Brodacious,Imagine No Man's Sky but with♥♥♥♥♥♥you can actually do. This game is just plain fun.
,Not Recommended,268130,35242663,Posted: 27 September,all,TheScopedFanatic,"Its a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥in my opinion.3 Hours in.If you are a strategy mastermind, this is a game for you. If you are a casual player, this game is a waste of time.Looks harmless at first, but the moment you progress a little, the game gets progressively harder and not by a little. The game forces you to play a specific play style.Do you want to play the silent, no alarms kind of guy, but you dont want to play the hardest levels? Well screw you, because in this game, they will put those kind of play styles on the hardest levels.You can however play these on the easy levels, but the rewards are garbage.Did i mention that if you die, its game over? That's right! If you die, everything is lost. You do however, still keep the game progress but all of the items, and all that cash goes away.Worst thing is that after you die, missions stay as hard as before you died. So have fun starting again, but having to play the hardest levels there is.So, if ur a hardcore gamer, go for it. But if you are someone who wants to relax in a game, this is not for you."
76561198042537457,Not Recommended,268130,35383127,Posted: 1 October,all,Omnipotent Entity,"When i read reviews talking about how its similar to FTL i hoped i could take enemy ships apart by maybe setting fires , destroying the oxygen supply , the power generator or maybe atleast some lighting? None of that , all there is are randomly placed bunches of dynamite in the ships for whatever reason."
76561198030857658,Not Recommended,268130,35147111,Posted: 23 September,all,dannypockets,"I hate this game. I really wanted to like it, but it's just incredibly frustrating, and boring. I seriously regret not refunding before the 2hr mark, and now I'm stuck with it. My advice to you is, if you're not feeling it at the two-hour mark, then just refund your money and walk away.You'll probably be doing them a favour anyway, because then you won't leave a mean, nasty review on their store page, like I did.The game comprises two main parts: A mini-game where you clumsily and awkwardly navigate your ship towards your mission. I realise the point of this bit is to be a little ""tricky"" and ""fiddly,"" but I just find it incredibly frustrating and not fun at all. If you found the controls in Long Journey Home depressingly and frustratingly annoying, then you'll know how this feels.This section of the game adds nothing to the overall gameplay and leaves me completely frustrated and annoyed before even starting a mission proper. It is a tedious chore every single time. It's like the game wants me to start every mission upset.And it feels like an insult, because then after that whole struggle, the missions themselves (at least in the first 3 hours I've played) are so mind-numbingly simple and boring that I can't believe the game made me do all that works for this.The missions themselves could be described as a blend of Hotline Miami and Superhot, except that this would make it sound really exciting and compelling, and I don't want to mislead you. Regardless, if you've seen the trailer you understand how the gameplay proceeds in the main missions.My frustration with how these levels play out is mainly two-fold. Firstly, although the graphic design is quite aesthetically pleasing, actually having to play through is not pleasing at all. Unless I'm zoomed right in, I find it quite hard to distinguish between my character, NPCS and the level. Everything is unnecessarily cluttered, and a nice clean design like FTL would have served the actual gameplay far better. Usually if I die its because I'm confused about what direction either I or an NPC is facing, etc. It's just not great design. (NB: I am playing at 1440p, so I can't say if these issues are improved at lower resolutions).So, why not just play zoomed in the whole time? For one thing, it feels extremely claustrophic: It just feels bad. And also the game can't be played at that level of zoom, because the whole point is for you to be watching how the NPCs are moving about from room to room, so you need to be zoomed out. But then everything is just cluttered and confusing again.A feature that might have saved this is being able to move the camera independantly, i.e. so that I can scroll around by moving the mouse to the edge of the screen. Nope! I don't know why, but this is my biggest gripe about the game. I hate it more than anything. It's the final straw that makes me rage quit every time. I don't know what it is, but it just makes the game... wrong. It's feels like one of those pointless restrictions you find in games from time to time, where you wonder ""what were they thinking? Why on earth was such a simple feature as 'scrolling-with-the-mouse' not implemented?""So there you are. I'm not sure why this game has made me so mad. I've never written a Steam review before. I loved Gunpoint. And I don't feel great about leaving such a harsh review for a two-man studio's sophomore game.But my jimmies are rustled, and they cannot be ignored."
76561198042755066,Not Recommended,268130,35194520,Posted: 24 September,all,CrazyFuck,"this game needs some severe mechanic updates.time limit from ONCE recieving mission. take away 20 seconds from the mission. some of these missions have ships flying through territory where it blows parts of the ship away and you get sent to space, then you have to retrieve your body with your personal ship. then once its been hit the time limit goes down even further bc the ship is docking BECAUSE it is getting attacked. i mean what the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ not fun. i want to be able to strategize my kills and have fun with them.  i played too much to get a refund but i won't be returning until mechanics are changed."
,Not Recommended,268130,35150200,Posted: 23 September,all,Deo Favente,Painfully repetative and the AI is easily tricked.
,Not Recommended,268130,35252592,Posted: 27 September,all,TheMacaroniFactor,"Ew, it's just the same level with a different layout every time. Became boring in the first 30 mintues. This is the kind of game that I expect to see on the app store for $0.99."
,Not Recommended,268130,35122174,Posted: 22 September,all,Dougomite,"Close to being something really great.I think the advertising doesn't hit the experience exactly. It sounds more strategic and deep than it actually is. It's more of a rougelike than a linear well designed experience. Random characters, boarding random ships, for random loot, for a random end goal.All those cool gadgets can take hours to farm, and most times you'll just end up cheesing the AI to avoid situations. Once you've farmed enough cool guns or interesting upgrades to your pod then you can just exploit the game design to brute force through missions. Overall, instead of interesting decision making and planning you are often left to just figure out the best way to exploit the simple AI...and that's fun for a while, it's just not the experience I wanted.The game idea is amazing. and I'll probably give it another go eventually, until a new game pops up to pass the time at lunch. I was really interested in the idea of following a characers story but it's not much of 'story', it's more of just a backstory/character motivation. As far as I can tell, when you die that story is lost forever and you start a new character with a new motivation, so don't get too invested. I'm guessing the backstories are also randomly generated so expect to see them usually boil down to kill/rescue/recover someone or something.The game in general is a good idea but anyone looking for an experience with depth will be disappointed or frustrated. It definitely tried to go beyond the depth of Gunfire but doesn't get too much deeper with the mechanics or the story telling."
,Not Recommended,268130,35135666,Posted: 22 September,all,Sokolov,Poor controls ruin this game. Repeatedly pick up and drop capture target instead of getting in pod and flying away resulting in capture.
,Not Recommended,268130,35160231,Posted: 23 September,all,daenerys booty,Already bored with it. Should have got three cartons of eggs instead.
76561198001233869,Not Recommended,268130,35133851,Posted: 22 September,all,ropo,"Boring and repetitive, no has no depth. You just pause -> shoot, repeat 1000x times."
,Not Recommended,268130,35110623,Posted: 21 September,all,I AKU!,"As someone who loved Gunpoint it sucks I have to do this but I can't recommend this game right now. I usually despise roguelikes but because I enjoyed Gunpoint I gave it a shot and for  the beginning I was enjoying it due to its Hotline Miami IN SPACE gameplay style.  Even though characters have permadeath you can choose missions that are easier or harder which seemed like a solid enough compromise. (Easier missions pay less, but not to a degree that's punishing you for playing them)  Problem is that your pod controls like a ten year old hopped up on sugar, you ricochet around with very little control which is a serious problem when enemy ships see you, shoot you, and force you to retreat to your base with barely any fuel. My character essentially died right near the base because of this and it felt completely cheap because I couldn't control my ship well. Maybe I'll rebuy this game if its patched, but right now it was just infuriating so I'm passing on this game for now."
,Recommended,268130,35112194,Posted: 21 September,all,A Replicant,"Hotline Miami have a baby with SUPERHOT? what more could you ask for? A STORY? GO PLAY SOMETHING ELSE.there, i summary what you can expect in 1 paragraph.9.85/10"
76561197978412138,Recommended,268130,35112224,Posted: 21 September,all,wstephenson,"40 minutes in: Looks good. Tactical realtime plus pause spaceship ultraviolence. The soundtrack is lush ambient spacey stuff. The milieu is sassy technical space cyberpunk. Going back in for more now, will update as I progress."
,Recommended,268130,35112160,Posted: 21 September,all,EnvyDragon,"Played an assload during the beta. It never got old (though it admittedly started to feel a bit easy).I've been advertising it to friends as ""Hotline Miami, but it's a sci-fi roguelike."" One hit kills (or knocks out) all targets, one hit takes you down the same way, they throw your body out the airlock, and you have a limited time to remote-control your pod to recover your own body before you suffocate or bleed out or both (harder than it sounds).It's you against an entire ship, often with 50+ heavily-armed opponents, and you had better abuse every little trick you've got. Throw a knife at someone and teleport it back to your inventory to throw it again. Toss a breach grenade at your feet and swap places with your assassination target on the other side of a wall, then run like hell before you get sucked into space. Or just go full Hotline Miami, dual AP shotguns, and blast your way through the entire crew.(Or you could, like, sneak around and get the Ghost bonus. But that's haaaard, so...)Fingers crossed for some modding capability - if there's one complaint I can level against the game, it's that item variety eventually feels a little low, because even though loot is randomly generated, they're all variations of the same 15-20 items. Likewise, even though the enemy ships are randomly generated, there are a pretty limited number of room types. The game's systems feel mirror-polished, but there's a LOT more room for breadth here. Let's hope there's some post-launch support!"
,Recommended,268130,35112170,Posted: 21 September,all,Emmbea,"Nerd Cubed brought you here, didn't he? No? Well then look him up. I've been intrigued by this game for a while and now that I can actually play it, I love it. Yes, I know I've only played 15 minutes shuddup. Next violence plz."
,Recommended,268130,35112177,Posted: 21 September,all,J_Waller,Have only played about an hour and a half - but already think it's great. It's only a tenner! It obviously has far more layers than i've got to grips with - but the core principle is FUN. My advice is just buy it already.
76561198095208014,Recommended,268130,35112094,Posted: 21 September,all,The1000Suns,"At this moment I've spent about an hour playing the game. Having watched Dan (Nerdcubed)'s gameplay of it a long while ago when it was in alpha, I was anticipating this for a short while, but then forgot about it for a year. As is very common with my flawless memory. Anyway, fast forward to yesterday when I finally and randomly remembered this exists, and saw that it was releasing in only a day, it's safe to say I was very excited. I impulse bought it as soon as it was available this morning and so far think it was worth every penny and all the (admittedly short timed) anticipation. Great fitting soundtrack, very tight controls and ever so satisfying gameplay and gadgetplay (more than just guns to clock people in the face with) with many thoughtful mechanics, not to mention a super fun premise for the game itself to boot. At the point I'm at, at least, you're basically space pirate-ing your way 'round the galaxy, boarding ships and leaving wakes of destruction in your star-bound path. Assuming everything went to plan and you DIDN'T get tossed out an airlock as usual, of course. Would recommend 100%, especially for the price it's at."
,Recommended,268130,35112111,Posted: 21 September,all,Taren,At first glance it looks like Hotline Miami in space but it is actually closer to invisible inc and ftl. Super tense even though you can pause at any time which allows you to construct an intricate plan. That plan goes inevitably to♥♥♥♥♥♥leaving you scrambling for alternatives or at least an exit strategy.
76561198209162003,Recommended,268130,35112117,Posted: 21 September,all,Tirigad,"After a total of 17 hours in the game, I must say that this is honestly one of my favorite games I've played in a long time. There's something very fresh and unique about it that seems to never get old. I've encountered so many ships, none of them quite the same. I've cheated death, and been forcedto embrace it. I've slowed time, and I've shouted because my slipstream ran out of charges and I really, really, needed to use it again. This game is stupid good, watch some gameplay if you're on the fence, it speaks for itself."
,Recommended,268130,35111881,Posted: 21 September,all,< V >,"Played the beta, it was amazing, played the actual full-priced game, it was phenomenal,Suspicious Developmentsmade another great game, firstly Gunpoint, then Morthblade & finally Heat Signature. Following the game on Twitter since May 2016.This is worth £10, the game is huge, you could play it for hundreds of hours and never get bored of it, expect me having 200hrs next year ;).""Ulp. This is it, 3.5 years of work ride on the next tweet."" - Tom FrancisWould wait a long period of time for a game."
,Recommended,268130,35111808,Posted: 21 September,all,Zak T Duck,"Gunpoint, Hotline Miami and FTL walk into a bar..."
76561198060106364,Recommended,268130,35111701,Posted: 21 September,all,Shortstuff,"Stellar, simply stellar (pun most certainly intended)!I've been looking forward to this game for a while now, and it truly has exceeded every hope i had for it. The combat can be punishing, but is very fair and well balanced; the difficulty can be brutal but easy and medium missions are very much doable; the music is great as well, the list goes on and on.A great top down shooter! I would heartily reccomend it!"
,Recommended,268130,35111266,Posted: 21 September,all,Jnjbaggott1,If you want a 2d immersive sim where you can snatch victory from the jaws of defeat by trying something really stupid this is the game for you.
,Recommended,268130,35114913,Posted: 21 September,all,jakenv_,Need to play more for final verdict but for now It's awesome
,Recommended,268130,35115038,Posted: 21 September,all,Bitty,"Bought and installed the game today. I just looked up, and four hours had passed. Just one more mission... just one more mission...These guys knocked this one out of the park. Smooth gameplay, nothing feels clunky or sluggish. The mechanics are very easy to pick up, but tricky to master, and it's as easy or difficult as you want it to be. It's a hell of a lot of fun, and well worth the price even when it's not on sale."
76561198096698818,Recommended,268130,35114200,Posted: 21 September,all,Zourtix,"This is my first time writing a review, but I'll try to be quick.Heat signature is a lot of fun - it's been out for about 4 hours and I've played it non-stop, though it does get somewhat repetitve and the mechanicals and gameplay feel simplistic, it's part of the appeal. Although after 3 hours I feel like I have completed most gameplay mechanics (completed 2 characters personal missions, completed all the available 'challenges' the game offers, there is still more I could do such as gaining all of the space stations, I still feel this game is well worth the money.Overall I would recommend the game, it has a variety of playstyles, and provide entertaining yet simplistic gameplay - I thoroughly enjoyed it."
76561198171885739,Recommended,268130,35114225,Posted: 21 September,all,UNrawSteak,"Tom Francis is my favorite game dev since gunpoint and hes done it again, This is my new favorite game"
,Recommended,268130,35114446,Posted: 21 September,all,Pip,I tried to do a mission labeled mistake and it ended up being a mistake.
,Recommended,268130,35114470,Posted: 21 September,all,🤔,"Im not a fan of making reviews but i have to say thank you Tom Francis for being a Game Creator. Watching the opening gave me chills and i played for 2 hours straight right after the release and ive loved every single design decision you have made. Ive watched almost all of the Dev videos before release and i knew it was gonna be a hit but honestly its even better than i imagined. For anyone wondering if they should get it, it is definitely worth the full price of 14.99$. This is the first game ive bought in a long time that ive had no regrets about"
76561198081871729,Recommended,268130,35116016,Posted: 21 September,all,SUPER.,this game is amazing its been on my wish list since i heard about it gamplay is amazing really recomend
,Recommended,268130,35116241,Posted: 21 September,all,Mythnull,I've played it for about 2 hours now and I plan on playing it alot more. It's very fun so far.
,Recommended,268130,35113300,Posted: 21 September,all,WyattNelsonGames,its really good
76561198069613665,Recommended,268130,35113306,Posted: 21 September,all,PatriotCreeper,"It's a mix between FTL and Hotline Miami. In other words, amazing."
,Recommended,268130,35113574,Posted: 21 September,all,Cyberholn,"(I participated in the final pre-release beta, during that time I played for 10 hours)You know that game, you know the one.The one where you wait what feels like years and years?The one where you worry it won't be as good as it seems, but then find out it's exactly what you hoped for and more?In my eyes, this is that game.If you want the long story (Possible spoilers ahead) it's a fast paced top-down space shooter, where you play as what I can only describe as a mercenary working for the ""Independent"". You play as multiple characters throughout the game, these characters being randomly generated with random starting equipment and a backstory/goal which they aim to see the end of, will they always succeed? Not always. During your time as one of the characters, you can capture outposts by doing several missions involving boarding a spaceship and doing whatever you are ordered to do, this slowly increases a ""Liberation"" bar, when full you can choose to capture a place. Some places offer gear others offer only mini-missions, think of it as a progress system, you use it to unlock new gear and expand outward.Short Story: Hotline Miami-esque combat in space, liberating stations and spaceships, with a slight chance of being bombed to death by another random space ship."
,Recommended,268130,35113165,Posted: 21 September,all,GigglesLtd,"Really fun game, attempted to finish a mission with 2 seconds to capture..failed. Selected a new character who is the brother of my first character with the personal mission of rescuing them. Played through a number of missiones getting better and better and finally find where my character is and start the rescue mission. The ship is GIGANTIC and all enemies have sheilds when alerted. I grind through the enemies hiding in cover and taking them out when shields drop and finally make my way to pick up the character. Manage to bring him back to my pod by some miracle of bullet dodging and get home safe. Get to base and have the option to play as origional character again. Good times. Select character and discover inventory filled with guns because I didn't know what the hell I was doing. A+ 10/10 experience. Would save useless character again."
76561198041223426,Recommended,268130,35112892,Posted: 21 September,all,NotKeltic,"Well worth the wait. It feels like Hotline Miami in space for Dishonored fans, and the attention to detail is great. Launching unsuspecting men into space never looked so good."
,Recommended,268130,35113109,Posted: 21 September,all,AndyTheBomb,A great deal of fun!Each ship is a new puzzle.The ability to pause at any time is great it alows for dealing with situations that would otherwise be imposible.Due to the procedual nature of the game i can see geting a lot of hours in before geting boored.Playes wonderfully in short bursts with missions only taking 5ish minutes to compleate if you are efficient.
,Recommended,268130,35115178,Posted: 21 September,all,Boomer Sheep,"Just an extremely good game. Fairly priced, looks beautiful, feels incredibly satisfying to play, wonderful music. Couldn't recommend it any more highly. Easy to play in either short 10/15 minute bursts or long sessions. Excellent."
,Recommended,268130,35114792,Posted: 21 September,all,Smudger818,So addictive so many awesome features you really feel vulnerable as you attempt to infiltrate a spaceship other than that it is just too awesome to describe
,Recommended,268130,35115213,Posted: 21 September,all,That Dude and 7 Piglets,Is good.
,Recommended,268130,35115224,Posted: 21 September,all,Nugget,just startedamazinghave never recommended a game morehave to get back to playing
,Recommended,268130,35115295,Posted: 21 September,all,JPott99,"As I had played a bit of the beta, I decided to vary up my playstyle and play a bit more aggresively. During a personal mission, I had to knock out a guard and take them back to the pod. The problem is that I had teleported past all the guards on the way in, and now I had used all my other gagdets, while the guards had inpentrable shields. I dropped the prisoner and ran into a nearby room, and fired the shotgun, knowing some guards had permanent shielding, and had there own teleports. Those guards all teleported into the room, and the rest walked over to investigate. However, I had left the prisoner in the room where all the guards were now. I quickly realised the original guard room had a window, so I fired the shotgun at the wall, gathering about 20 guards into the room, and then I shot the window and teleported away. That might just have been my favourite moment ever in a videogame!"
,Recommended,268130,35115501,Posted: 21 September,all,Strongest Baka⑨,"Exactly like the trailer and basically Gunpoint but in space.Therefore, enjoyable."
,Recommended,268130,35115502,Posted: 21 September,all,Steve,"Amazing space game. I have a few hours as a beta tester and the full release is even better. What more could you want than sneaking onto a high security ship in the middle of a warzone while teleporting behind enemies to stab them, then using a device to turn turrets against them, while trying to capture an enemy crew member, then securing the ship by bashing the survivors's heads in with a wrench, then hijacking the ship and taking it to a friendly station for a few pints leading up to the liberation of an entire star system?"
,Recommended,268130,35115272,Posted: 21 September,all,PiedotTaste,Awesome game :)
76561198101768056,Recommended,268130,35115006,Posted: 21 September,all,Ernie015,"Invaded a large ship to assasinate a guy, get shot, readout tells me I now have 0 seconds of survivability, get ejected out of an airlock, die.10/10 would die/buy again.The only permadeath game I play but the universe is continual so death doesnt totally kill your progress.Nice little easter eggs too."
,Recommended,268130,35114313,Posted: 21 September,all,TheAviatorPenguin,"The love child of Hotline Miami and Door Kickers, with a bit of Astroids thrown in.  What's not to love?"
,Recommended,268130,35117938,Posted: 21 September,all,Dinoworld112,Better then expected fun game to burn the hours pick it up
,Recommended,268130,35118023,Posted: 21 September,all,Samuentaga the Socialist Doggo,"It's pretty fun so far, good difficulty curve, I can tell the game will get a lot harder as I go along. The mechanics are Hotline Miami lite, but that's good. The game is more forgiving than HM, but if you lose a character, they're gone for good as far as I know.Right now the main issue is framerate. I can't really run the game at a steady 60fps, with frame drops occuring pretty randomly at times. And since the game speed seems to be tied to framerate, when the framerate dips, everything slows down, and not in the way it's meant to.Overall I still recommend it. Once the framerate issue is fixed, I can imagine this game giving hundreds of play hours."
,Recommended,268130,35119723,Posted: 21 September,all,Link232,"Heat Signature is a top-down stealth-not-really shooter sort of hybrid.  Gameplay's a bit like Hotline Miami, but with the ability to pause during combat to plan out your moves, aim shots, and whatnot.  It's also a rogue-light-lite, in a sense.  Characters hardly last one hour, whether it's due to you retiring them (once a character does their fair share of missions, their ability to contribute to the main cause depletes), or them dying in some fashion.  It's also rogue-light-lite in the sense that outright 'failure' is hard to accomplish.  Usually getting caught means you're shot out the airlock and start to bleed out to death, and have to catch yourself with your escape/breach pod before you fully die.  You have 30 seconds bleed-out time, period, so the more you get vented, the less time you'll have to live.  Missions are also tend to be hard to fail.  Things won't go to plan, but chances are you probably won't outright fail the mission.Allow me to provide an example: Enter Babu Polk, on her personal mission for revenge.  To capture the captain that had killed her mother.  Now, personal missions for characters tend to be some of the hardest in the game, and this ship was definitely no slouch.  The guards were armed with personal teleporters that allowed them to investigate suspicious activity instantly, the captains armored with emergency shields and armor plating, and the ships was armed head to toe with sentry guns.  Our hero is equipped with an array of personal teleporters, key-copiers, a self-charging teleporter trap (great for sending guards to space!) and a really heavy hammer.  A heavy armament, well-planned, a simple mission.The first squad Babu encountered had a captain.  The captain had armor.  The hammer doesn't pierce armor.  I had forgotten this.The capture target is also armored.  I had also forgotten this.What follows is a ridiculous chase around the ship in an attempt to knock out the pilot of the vessel before a two minute alarm expired.  Hammers were swung, tossed, teleported back into hand and swung again.  Locked doors were teleported past to knock out the guard that had the keycard and steal it for myself.  Armored guards were lured into traps to jettison them out into space.  Babu herself got shot and vented out the airlock twice in all the commotion.  After tossing or knocking out about 80% of the ship's crew, the caper finally ended when our heroine took to the helm of the ship, flew it to an allied station, entered, sold off everything she had, and bought up a non-lethal, armor-piercing assault rifle to capture the target.This is the main allure of Heat Signature.  Getting a plan, grabbing tools, and then screwing it up hilariously.  The thing is, screwing things up tends to never be the end of the world.  The game is rather generous with the various gadgets and gizmos it gives you, and all neccessary information is given upfront from mission select: map size, guard/captain modifiers, time limits and alerts.  So while your plan to wait out the guards to access terminals and knock them out one by one may have failed, you probably do have the tools to rewire the sentry guns, a teleporter to jump into the room with the mission-loot, and a gun to shoot the window and launch yourself into space, remote-piloting the pod to pick you up before you run out of breath.As they say in Dwarf Fortress, losing is fun.  And while you may not lose, per say, things will not go to plan.And man, is it fun when they don't."
,Recommended,268130,35119141,Posted: 21 September,all,Mr. Tofu,"Fantastic game! :DLots of fast paced, random action.Aswell as Beautiful art."
,Recommended,268130,35120116,Posted: 21 September,all,cyberJEB,"It's quite good. Really clever procedural generation means you get lots of narrative from very little, lots of tools and pausing means you get to do cool stuff."
,Recommended,268130,35117311,Posted: 21 September,all,CrazyMonkey,"Been expecting this game for a long time, I'm glad it's out."
76561198031817061,Recommended,268130,35117355,Posted: 21 September,all,fainomail,Fun!
,Recommended,268130,35120181,Posted: 21 September,all,Peanut the Great,Absolutely beautiful and brilliant. It honestly shines
,Recommended,268130,35119419,Posted: 21 September,all,Crab Nickelson™®,"Great game, only spent about 2.3 hours on it but I am already loving this game. Good mechanics, fantastic visuals and soundtrack. Good game overall, looking to spend more time on it."
76561198044128486,Recommended,268130,35119053,Posted: 21 September,all,namleets,"What this game does, it does extremely well.  You accept missions based on your judgement of the risk and reward.  You use your wits and a whatever gadgets you've managed to pick up/buy to navigate and capture procedurally generated ships full of enemies and hazards.  The ability to pause the action is essential - you take your time and think through a complex sequence of events... sometimes you'll pull it off and it will be amazing, and often things will go wrong and you will have to think outside the box to save yourself.  And it will still be amazing.  You will laugh out loud at the things that happen as a result of Heat Signature's systems interacting.What you will NOT be doing:- watching cutscenes- customizing your character- building ships/bases- paying for loot crates- doing what you're told- other common things"
76561197994217089,Recommended,268130,35118697,Posted: 21 September,all,B4 SleepyMatt ^-^,"When the excrement hits the rotating cooler, that's just the start of the fun! With enough variation in gadgets and weapons for you to be finding new amusing ways to complete missions for a long time to come."
,Recommended,268130,35118371,Posted: 21 September,all,Spartanly,"I first saw this game in it's early development, and ever since I've been waiting for it to release. IT'S FINALLY HERE! Out of the almost 2 hours I've played of this, I had a good time. I can see myself spending a ton of time more in this! The graphical style is simplistic, yet it works and it's all the game really needs. The missions can get challenging, but it's fun to find your own way through the chaos you've created. From what I've seen, the leveling system as you get more and more missions completed, is pretty solid. I'm overall realy happy with this game, and looking forward to play it some more!"
76561198121632304,Recommended,268130,35118382,Posted: 21 September,all,JaxterSmith,"I played in the las BETA wave, and after waiting 4 years for this I was ecstatic when I got that key!After spending a good chunk of time playing then I couldnt help but to buy it as soon as it was released and Im loving it!The game does have an unmentioned roguelike element to it, but It actually feels quite good to retire a character after writing their story with your own gameplay style, like a character dedicated to killing everyone with a shortblade or one dedicated to using dual wrenches to mash every face in a ship.If you love to find your way out of a bad situation then this game is great. If you love rouge likes a bit but hate the constant starting from nothing then this game lets every character be progress. And if you love to Fire Hack at your enemies than this is the game for you."
,Recommended,268130,35118244,Posted: 21 September,all,Wizywig,The best 15 bucks you'll spend all year.This game is incredibly fun. Very unique in the action it provides and the ways you need to use everything you can to your advantage.
76561198089041824,Recommended,268130,35119461,Posted: 21 September,all,smug me amadeus,me likey
,Recommended,268130,35228889,Posted: 26 September,all,shotgun_master,"I cant recommend this game enough! A lot of fun and very conducive to time-killing, as you can come and go as you please with no real save time or long checkpoints to reach."
,Recommended,268130,35228681,Posted: 26 September,all,Wolf,"I've been waiting for this game to come out for a couple years now, not hyped just a general curiosity and hope. This game delivered exactly what i expected from it. It is a sarcastic top down ship invading free-form do whatever you want game. The consequences of your actions can rule your every move or you can run around through the game without a care in the world (or galaxy in this case)You can be a ghost, a silent assassin, a speed demon, a run-and-gunner, basically anything you want.you can enter a ship through the airlock with your pod, connect your pod to a destroyed module, fly yourself into the airlock/open window/destroyed module without your pod.you can shoot people, whack people, hack their shields and make them shoot themselves, teleport them out of their ship, suck them out of a hole im a wall, make them shoot eachother, and so much moreyou can run around, use stealth stuff, teleport around, slow down time, and complete every ship without being seen.you can bring an assassination target back alive.you can exit a ship by teleporting out, flying out a hole, killing everyone and flying it back to your station, leaving through your docked pod.there are so many factors that come into play and it all works exceptionally simply.each character has the backbone of a story for you to design yourself. they could fight for personal reasons or maybe they want to make this larger independent faction.this is a game where you can truly play however you want.and dying doesnt matter. there are no checkpoints because you are not a character, everyone is meant to retire and when they do there's another to go into their place.tl;dr im a big fan of the freedom you get, the humor is nicethere isnt really a bigger story.it's like gunpoint but sandbox."
,Recommended,268130,35228708,Posted: 26 September,all,Totallygeeky,"Heat Signature is amazing.Let's just make sure my feelings are clear.It's a brilliant blend of action and stealth capabilities, as you try to board ships to murder, knock out, or steal. Random generation of ship layouts and guard loadouts means that you will never have the same experience.Tons of tools to get around and beat people with. Nice sense of progression as the game moves along. The retirement mechanic for characters is a good way to memorialize the actions of your heroic few that don't get lost in space.It's very satisfying and allows you to pause at any time and plan what you are going to do. Every play session something unexpected and fun happens with all of the systems coming together.Heat Signature is amazing."
,Recommended,268130,35229827,Posted: 26 September,all,Shane,"Really fun even though it's quite repetitive. Any time I've thought of something to try, I'm usually surprised that the game let me get away with the insanity that just unfolded."
,Recommended,268130,35230222,Posted: 26 September,all,Commissar Wheasal,"Play with a shotgun in each hand killing every man you come across, running madly across a ship in a hail of gunfire as alarms sound, and sections of the ship blow up from stray bullets.Play with a sword and silent pistol, and sweep through the ship like a grim phantom eleminating everyone silently.Play with 8 wrenches, and unleash an endless stream of wrench fu, knocking people out, throwing wrenches at people too far away to hit.Play with teleports, stealth shields, and hacking tools, vanish into the shadows and complete your objectives without anyone noticing you were even there.Ignore this review telling you how to play and play however you please. And then play a different way 5 minutes later."
,Recommended,268130,35247651,Posted: 27 September,all,MetallicDragon,"The core gameplay is very fun and unique. Clever play is fun and rewarding, and mistakes hurt but are forgiving. Interesting stories of daring rescues or brutal slaughters rise out of the game's simple but deep mechanics."
76561198036551142,Recommended,268130,35247366,Posted: 27 September,all,Rfent,I cannot recomend this game enough. Funny. Whitty. Charming. and most importantly a Hell of a lot of fun.
76561197971328339,Recommended,268130,35247168,Posted: 27 September,all,Imperial Arm,"It's a fun and simple game, but there is skill, planning and luck involved.  I thought I’d play it for maybe 20 minutes but no I keep coming back to it, between other games I jump in do a few mission and pop back out.  I like the fact that if you make a mistake there will be another character there to start all over with again, it makes the loss of a character less server and you will find yourself taking bigger risks because of that."
,Recommended,268130,35244880,Posted: 27 September,all,Captain Turner,"You have made a truly fantastic game, and it is the most unbridled joy that have experienced since 2012. I find myself laughing when things go wrong instead of being upset, because absolutely nothing ever goes wrong in the way I expect. I shot myself by jumping out of an air lock because there was a gun on the floor. This game is a masterpiece."
76561198044466227,Recommended,268130,35246582,Posted: 27 September,all,Bunglefever,very good
,Recommended,268130,35246635,Posted: 27 September,all,Aaron PDX,"PRO: If you enjoy stealth games, you'll approve of this one, especially if you liked games such as Dishonored, which give you flexibility to go in guns-blazing or be silent and sneaky. The roguelike element is clever: you can even play characters who have a personal mission of rescuing a previous character you'd played who got caught (and then you can play as the rescued character again).CON: It doesn't feel totally polished: items on the floor can be hard to distinguish from the background; ship interior design is a bit samey and repetitive; I've had some bugs, like where I warp out of the ship to my pod suddenly if the alarm sounds which is very disorienting; some of the mechanics could be explained better (it took me a second to notice the mission drop/chute thing in the homebase and it's not in the tutorial).OVERALL: The flaws can be addressed in patches soon (I hope). The core gameplay loop is addicting, and the price is great."
,Recommended,268130,35244317,Posted: 27 September,all,sqtl,"""This game is pretty fun. Guess I'll do a couple more missions and then- oh...I've played for 7 hours straight."""
,Recommended,268130,35246282,Posted: 27 September,all,Echoes,"This game is amazing fun! It was great to see it develop, and the end result has surpassed all expectations. Every mission results in some crazy thing happening that you'll want to share and laugh about. You will remember your favourite characters and their escapades (and how it inevitably got them killed). 10/10"
,Recommended,268130,35245159,Posted: 27 September,all,IwishIcanFLighT,"This is space. There are spaceships with bad guys. They are all playing FTL while you are playing Hotline Miami.Also, you pause frequently to survive to the mistake you just made.It's awesome."
76561198000274008,Recommended,268130,35242854,Posted: 27 September,all,43vq7y3,is good
76561197981103765,Recommended,268130,35239463,Posted: 27 September,all,Ranzer,"The action-movie-like feeling you get in Heat Signature when the stuff has just hit the fan is so much more satisfying than in a scripted sequence because you know it was your mistake that just wrecked your plan and now you are going to have to think of a way out of the mess you just got yourself into. And when you do, whether by cleverness, skill, or dumb luck (usually a combination thereof) it feels totally awesome."
,Recommended,268130,35239437,Posted: 27 September,all,Coenmcj,"Cleared the majority of a large ship, one room left with 5 shielded baddies, my gear?a shortsword, sidewinder teleporter and a single subverter grenade, enough to cover them all, but they're too far from the door to throw, so what do I do?I teleport in the middle of them all and drop it at my feet, the guards share a moment of ""wtf how did he get here"" all while slowly raising their guns to shoot.The grenade goes off.They fire...and all drop dead from their own bullets.Mission complete"
76561197987818315,Recommended,268130,35240901,Posted: 27 September,all,UnforgivenSpatula,If you enjoy blasting unsuspecting people through windows and out into space but you haven't heard back from your buddy with PCP then $14.99 for this game will do in a pinch.Loads of fun.
,Recommended,268130,35241250,Posted: 27 September,all,The Admiral,"Really solid diverse gameplay, procedural generation keeps things fresh"
,Recommended,268130,35245598,Posted: 27 September,all,Tel of Cath,"An amazing space-themed rogue-like. You're a rogue / thief in space who steals, hijacks, murders and kidnaps his way to fame, glory and fortune, only to end up retiring in peace or burning out. And then you get another character, and do it all over again.There's no skills or levels, only different kind of equipment  - and there's enough of those that you'll probably not play the same kind of character twice, since it's hard to get the exact same kit.There's an overarching story about four different factions vying for control of a nebula (and the rebel group of operators trying to end this war), but it's not that important to the game - though the tidbits of lore you come across are cool and interesting takes on scifi tropes.Overall, a great game, and an absolute steal at 13€ - if you're getting it on a sale, snatch it."
,Recommended,268130,35135352,Posted: 22 September,all,hansjoerg,"My job was to assassinate Avita Venatici and kill no one else. Before I even reached the ship Avita was on, I saw another ship running straight into it, automatically failing my bonus clause for me. I was still going to get half the pay if I finished the job, so I boarded the target vessel.I knew Avita was going to be well armored, so I packed a few grenades before I left. However, my initial plan didn't involve killing guards, who also turned out to be very well armored and very hard to get past without resorting to murder. Once I ran out of explosives trying to deal with the guards, I knew I had to think outside the box. So, I found another ship, boarded it, massacred the crew, stole the ship and fired its weapons in a frenzy at the target vessel. After well over half of the ship was destroyed, I finally managed to hit Avita and finish the contract.Original projected body count: 1.Final body count: 12, including the innocent crew of a completely unrelated ship that was passing by.I am the worst assassin in the galaxy, and I recommend this game."
,Recommended,268130,35139200,Posted: 22 September,all,ArcticK9,Very interesting gameplay and enough randomly generated content to keep you busy for a long time.
,Recommended,268130,35139040,Posted: 22 September,all,☭☭_YoloMcSwagMuffins_☭☭,Best purchase I've ever made and I bought Hunie Pop ffs
,Recommended,268130,35139047,Posted: 22 September,all,Yapoz,I love the gameplay of this game. It's clear that a lot of work was put into it.What I would really like to see is a linux build of this. That would be wonderful because then I could play on my laptop.
76561198071874028,Recommended,268130,35138140,Posted: 22 September,all,Zartaz,♥♥♥♥ing great
,Recommended,268130,35138317,Posted: 22 September,all,Hunhow,"Played the beta and the release for about 16 hours in total. A simple game to understand initially the difficulty means you have to get creative. For example to rescue a person from a ship fully of nigh on immortal soldiers I found a smaller, weaker ship, took it over and then used its missiles to blow up the room next to the person. Then I docked on the room, grabbed the guy and ran the ♥♥♥♥ away. Pretty fun."
76561198041306023,Recommended,268130,35135730,Posted: 22 September,all,bobbyyug,Good game just got it and so far have been addicted to raiding ships and the awesome stealth aspect
,Recommended,268130,35135740,Posted: 22 September,all,Purpsmokee,wild
,Recommended,268130,35138870,Posted: 22 September,all,ⅆ𝕛﹏﹏𝕛𝖌,"A lot like Hotline Miami, but with a lot of extra bells and whistles. This is a good thing: Where Hotline Miami gets very stale after a while because of limited weapon, enemy and environment variety, HS manages to get around this with a variety of different weapons, enemies with different abilities and a different layout for every ship.It also allows for a variety of gameplay options: Where Hotline Miami is rather straightforward, HS gives you a toolbox of options to use to attain your goals.Have to assassinate a target but didn't pay enough attention to the fine print on the contract, leaving you facing an army of guards and automated turrets you don't want to chance fighting your way through? Just remember the location of your target in the ship, undock your pod and go hijack a random other ship with weaker defenses. Then return to your target with your newly acquired ship and pummel the region of the other vessel containing your target with missiles. With a bit of luck, he'll get ejected into deep space out of one of the newly created holes, or get blown to pieces by your anti-ship missiles. But watch out for his ship returning fire or it might just be you who ends up getting shot into the void.TL;DRHotline Miami with tactics instead of reflexes, more depth and more space battles.10/10 would try to breathe vacuum again."
76561198057097242,Recommended,268130,35138556,Posted: 22 September,all,Lucas,A fun and unforgiving game. Well worth the 10£. Although there is a lot of room for improvement.
76561197985556582,Recommended,268130,35138637,Posted: 22 September,all,-D2K-Orephen,Truely fun awesome game :)
,Recommended,268130,35140741,Posted: 22 September,all,TrumpSteaks,"Tom Francis does it again! I loved Gunpoint and ever since finishing it I have been following this game. Was super excited to see it was finally released. Overall this is a great little game. Fun weapons and combat. I love being able to run in, take down a bunch of enemies, and then move on to the next set. I will say it is a bit repetitive but it isn't a big deal to me. My one problem is that when you lose a player, for the most part, they are gone forever and you can never finish their story. It would be nice to be able to retry when you die like in Gunpoint but I do see how adding this would make the game too easy. There is a chance that a new character has a personal quest to rescue a captured character though which is nice. The gameplay is fun and keeps me entertained so far. I highly reccomend this game because it is well made and created by a developer with talent and passion. This is probably his best game so far."
,Recommended,268130,35141967,Posted: 22 September,all,Kommander Kason,"So far this game is a cross between FTL and Hotline Miami. I can heavily recommend those two, and this game now as well. I plan on putting alot of hours into it, for 3 main reasons. The game took all of 6 minutes to master the basic concepts and UI. The soundtrack is great and I turn it up to 100%. And you share a universe with your steam friends! So when my character was captured by a faction, my steam friend who plays this rescued him and got access to his inventory!"
,Recommended,268130,35145030,Posted: 22 September,all,Came2Win,I have watched almost every devlog on his youtube channel and followed Francis since before Heat Signature was beginning development and it has culminated into an amazing game. Not only is it an achievement in perserverance but an excellent lesson in game design.You are a space vigilante. Build your loadout and plan for missions. Plan to do crazy stuff with the tools you are provided. Prepare to feel like a genius. Pause...a lot. Have fun.Buy Heat Signature.
76561198012571677,Recommended,268130,35143930,Posted: 22 September,all,Death_Hound95,"Even when this game makes me angry I can't fault it.  Despite all the times I died from my wrench clipping a wall, or a door opening at the wrong time this game keeps dragging me back in.Between managing to completely capture a ship of 30 crew using only two wrenches, and accidently blowing up the engine when theres only two crew and spacing myself, this game keeps on delivering."
,Recommended,268130,35142958,Posted: 22 September,all,scainburger,"Massive replayability with hugely varied loadouts, missions, ships and enemies, and extremely satisfying to complete a mission when everything goes exactly to plan... but even more so when it doesn't. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,268130,35144228,Posted: 22 September,all,Johnny,"Ive been waiting for ever for this game to come out!Hotline Miami and SuperHot had a baby, and its rather awesome!"
76561198087738610,Recommended,268130,35144236,Posted: 22 September,all,Luthaeis,This game is amazing i have played like 9 hours in 2 days have lost multiple charachters usually through ♥♥♥♥ing around but when you find a difficult mission you can really tell and as you play more you get really good and you can take the loss of a charachter alot better and its just a beautiful game
,Recommended,268130,35157391,Posted: 23 September,all,corenting,"The gameplay is very good with a lot of different items, strategies... to play.However there are some performances problems and the game requires a decent amount of RAM, but nothing too serious.For this price go for it !"
76561197990603725,Recommended,268130,35153988,Posted: 23 September,all,Squinky,its nice to have fun in space
76561198044298623,Recommended,268130,35179035,Posted: 24 September,all,Ysen,"Break into spaceships, realise you have made a terrible mistake, then escape by doing the most ridiculous nonsense."
76561198199103190,Recommended,268130,35190925,Posted: 24 September,all,Oswald Mosley,Very good. 10/10
,Recommended,268130,35190652,Posted: 24 September,all,The Godfish,cant not like it
76561198042052246,Recommended,268130,35190668,Posted: 24 September,all,Fat Yoshi,"Very fun game, love the gameplay and how to board ship is fun and challaging."
76561197972501619,Recommended,268130,35190903,Posted: 24 September,all,"""Sir""","Two guards shot at me, i teleported next to one of them, set down a grenade then teleported away (accidentally) using a teleporter that brings you back two seconds later. On the bright side, i completed by assassination. On the downside, Mercy Gurdo will be missed.10/10 would accidentally commit suicide again."
76561198229307820,Recommended,268130,35192958,Posted: 24 September,all,SuperMacFlour,"If you enjoy playing FTL and Hotline miami then you will enjoy losing hours of your days to this game, and not feel guilty..."
,Recommended,268130,35195655,Posted: 24 September,all,DerangedOctopus,"Entertaining and replayable time killer.My one gripe is that every gadget the guards wear have a counter, which sort of limits thinking and turns the game into a sort of rock-paper-scissors at times.Of course, you can always blow up a window and suck them out into vacuum. (the best solution)7/10"
,Recommended,268130,35194158,Posted: 24 September,all,The Dark Lord,"A game made by the same guys who made Gunpoint but, instead of flinging yourself out of windows and dying, you throw wrenches at yourself and... die...In all seriousness, this is a spectacular game that has everything I wanted in a space stealh-action game. Great mechanics, highly replayable, and a ""legend"" system that places your characters on a pedestal. I have some gripes with the procedural generation of the ships, as well as some AI issues, but they're very minor, and I have no problem living with them."
,Recommended,268130,35194134,Posted: 24 September,all,CubedGamer22,"I... I just don't know what to say. It's is so amazingly fun that I had a hard time doing work instead of playing this game. The art style is just fantastic, the pause to plan your moves style is reminiscent of Superhot, and the controls are smooth, but satisfying to use. 10/10 would play 50+ hrs a week if remotely possible."
,Recommended,268130,35194565,Posted: 24 September,all,Robsel,"If you're not sure if you'd like this game and have read through the whole description don't bother. If you do buy it don't complain that shields are op or that it's too hard, the game's just not for you.There are too many ways to complete missions to list, but it usually boils down to:-destroy the ship with another one (actually finished personal quest like that)-swap and sidewind around the place until you reach the one thing you need to steal/kill/kidnap/rescue and throw yourself out a window-kill everything with a wrench"
76561198065842779,Recommended,268130,35130482,Posted: 22 September,all,d000t,"Heat Signature is like Monaco in space. Some really fun and interesting mechanics, the plethora of items and ship generation makes every situation different. It is really rewarding when your crazy plan to get out of a sticky situation actually works. The game also looks and sounds really good.The game has some minor bugs but nothing game breaking, it takes a little while to get the hang of but not overly complicated. Personally I think the game is a bit too free, and I would like to see missions lead to one another or have more goals for the player to complete. It would be cool if there were missions with item rewards or if there was just generally more to motivate the player to take on the really hard missions other than just currency. My last criticism is that i want to be able to move my camera around in the pause screen because zooming all the way out is annoying.Im enjoying the game so far and hopefully it continues to grow in the future"
,Recommended,268130,35195840,Posted: 24 September,all,JC,One of my favorite games to play for hours or a few minutes. I love that I can pause the game and assess the situation before making a decision. Also the music is pretty dope I would love for a track to be continuously playing even when you get close to ships to help with immersion.
,Recommended,268130,35195612,Posted: 24 September,all,Norric,"(TL;DR- Great and Fun Game. Only issue is that it sets you up to fail as you progress with a Character)This game is amazing. Its basically a mix between FTL and HotLine Miami. It's super fun and being able to get a little creative with accomplishing missions is also great (Like, in an assassination mission, boarding the ship, killing everyone, then killing off everyone except for the target. Get in a duel with Target, but shoot out a window and then reboard the ship and bring it back to a station to sell its loot.)The only gripe that I have is that once you get attached to a character, there is an insane difficulty spike. What I mean is, when trying to select a new mission, every mission will be either labeled as Hard or higher. In my experience, it doesn't even matter which station you go to, because no mission will be easier than Hard. When you get to this point, you are basically being set up to fail, and the character you enjoyed playing as will either get captured or die.Personally, I prefer to play through Medium level missions, because I like to play at my own pace.There isn't a reason to do this to the players, since each difficulty yields payment that scales with the difficulty. Someone farming easy or medium missions won't make as much as they would on higher difficulties, and even if they are making more, that cash could be used to get better equipment for harder missions.If the devs would implement the choice for players to play the difficulty level they want to play, this game will be one of my favorite games here on Steam by far. Please consider implementing this, Suspicious Developments.Thanks."
76561198256516192,Recommended,268130,35195187,Posted: 24 September,all,abmerchant77,it very fun but you some time mess up
76561198072015291,Recommended,268130,35195536,Posted: 24 September,all,sidwo,"I personally love the game though find is to be a bit empty content wise. I only takes about 7-10 hours before you are going to mostly familiar with all the game has to offer.  However I think there is a lot of room to add additional content and I would be suprised if the devs were not planning of patching the game in the future.Overall, maybe wait if you want to get massive time value out of your games."
76561198326599081,Recommended,268130,35191519,Posted: 24 September,all,JossKen,"Get this game, it is really fun amd entertaining and im loving it so far. Heat Signature is amazing!"
,Recommended,268130,35184730,Posted: 24 September,all,copy paper,"PROS:○ Systems based game that begs you to try and break it○ Unexpected events force you to get creative○ Unforgiving rogue-alikeCONS:○ Some performance issues○ If you're not willing to engage with its systems it will get repetitive○ Unforgiving rogue-alikeOverall, I am having a blast with this game.Heat Signature is a top down 2D direct control game about breaking into ships in space. For the two second summary, I would describe it as what would happen if you took the controls and combat from Hotline Miami, and the systems and tools from Dishonored, and combined them into one game.At first I was concerned with the repetitive game structure. For the most part, you just take and do missions, over and over. But, as I hit harder and harder missions, I found that I was forced to do more and more insane and creative things to get through missions.In one mission, my capture target had armor that was impenetrable to every weapon I had. But, my mission was to extract him without killing him. So, I shot out a nearby window, sucking everything in the room into space. Much to my surpise, he had moved just out of reach of the room, and didn't get sucked out. So, I turned on a temporary invincible shield, took out a concussive hammer, and hit him over and over towards the window until we both got sucked out into space. Then, I remote piloted my pod and snatched us both from space before we ran out of oxygen. Mission complete!In another, there was no timer or alarm timer, but I accidently blew up a room with a guard with a key I needed, completely locking me out from later parts of the mission. No problem! I found another smaller ship, hijacked it, flew it over to the ship I needed to infiltrate, shot a missile at the side of the ship I wanted to enter. This blasted a small hole right where I needed in. Then, I ditched my temporary ship, docked with the hole, and continued on my merry way.If you're the kind of person who tends to take the path of least resistance through systems based games, Heat Signature probably isn't for you. The path of least resistance is a repetitive slog, ending in a difficulty spike that will keep you from progressing. But if you're willing to get creative-- if you like using all the crazy toys and traps and systems in these sorts of games-- buy this game."
,Recommended,268130,35194012,Posted: 24 September,all,TheLoneAmigo,"Heat Signature is a clever game which sticks to a golden rule: failure should mean a setback, not an end. Every spaceship heist will have its moments when you think your burglar-astronaut is utterly screwed. The guards catch a glimpse of you sneaking into a saferoom, or you accidentally blow up an engine core, or a stray bullet from a guard smashes a window and sends you hurtling into the void. The genius of Heat Signature is that none of these moments will end your heist, if you're quick and clever.There are other nice features - roguelike loot, hilarious physics disasters, procedural mission generation - but nothing compares to the moment when you manage to rescue Cristo Elm despite oncoming space marines by throwing him out an airlock and manuevering to save him with a few seconds left of oxygen."
,Recommended,268130,35193923,Posted: 24 September,all,Robmmmmwwmmmmm,"An amazingly fun game, coming across as a mix between Hotline Miami and FTL. In addition to the main game, the puzzle levels are also great, and help you learn and abuse all the different gadgets in the game."
,Recommended,268130,35194049,Posted: 24 September,all,Mourning Wood,"I bought this game yesterday and have like 15 hours in it so far. Needs more attention, it's a masterpiece. My only gripe is that you don't get anything for stealing ships. I feel like pirating big ships and selling them should be an option."
,Recommended,268130,35303560,Posted: 29 September,all,CmdrLinguini,THE BEST GAME EVER! This game was on my wishlist for over 6 months and it doesn't disappoint!
,Recommended,268130,35302654,Posted: 29 September,all,Nomad59,"Fantastically fun.  Essentially you're given a number of tools to take over different ships.  Very much worth the offering price of $15.  The game doesn't hold your hand in explaining the mechanics, which is refreshing in this day and age.  Oh, and the music is awesome too."
,Recommended,268130,35299232,Posted: 29 September,all,AlmightyTaz,"My first review of a game because... this is pure rogue-like gold.The design is just so clever.The randomised missions utterly engrossing.The progression system feels like you'll be constantly discovering new things.An example of a game destined for greatness because of clever design, mechanics, and understanding what gamers want, rather than because of a big budget and slick marketing.Buy it. Rave about it. Encourage more develops of this quality to satiate our thirst for great games."
76561198071660164,Recommended,268130,35147581,Posted: 23 September,all,shaidr733,Awesome.Edit:I hope you continue working on this game. Keep updating and hopefully DLCs in the future.
,Recommended,268130,35307347,Posted: 29 September,all,mark-henry,this is a good game dudeprobably the most Rogue-like roguelike I've ever played
76561198088081042,Recommended,268130,35310298,Posted: 29 September,all,qwake10,"To me, this is a kind of puzzle game. You have a problem, and ypu must fond a sollution to said problem. More offten than not, you don't have enough tools, time, or skill to pull off your plan. So now you have a new problem, and a new plan. And when plans A through Y fail, plan Z is to launch yourself into the Vacuum of Space and start again.I would, have, and will continue to recommend this game."
,Recommended,268130,35315500,Posted: 29 September,all,TheNotSoBlackMan,"This game is fantastic, the gameplay is very addicting."
76561198048826447,Recommended,268130,35319286,Posted: 29 September,all,karljuhlke,"This is a fantastic game. Though you lose characters throughout the game, your overall progress is saved as you play as another character immediately after losing the last. It makes it even better when you need to go on a rescue mission to save a previous character. I see myself playing this for a long time to come."
,Recommended,268130,35318275,Posted: 29 September,all,kafjack,"I'm sure to log a lot more hours on this game. Just stole a space ship, blew apart my assassin mission ship, crashed my ship through their severely damaged vessel and got to watch my target suffocate in space. Very nice, no risk, great reward! Need a key? Don't teleport the terd into space... kinda hard to get back when you're on a time limit :PToo much enemies? Throw down a trap that teleports them to space and let them knock you out on purpose, pretty hard to collect your body when they are all being sucked into space :DEntertaining game, reasonable price, no serious issues or bugs (a couple that I ignored to no ill effect,and I think were just fixed in the most recent patch)."
,Recommended,268130,35316428,Posted: 29 September,all,ataboo,"Hotline Miami meets rogue-like and gritty sci-fi.  Plenty of cool mechanics and seamless scaling.Mistakes hurt so the stakes stay high, but over-arching tech-tree/map progress helps you get over it when the game punishes you for screwing up."
76561197998622318,Recommended,268130,35314777,Posted: 29 September,all,Emperor Pigmetheus Porklyn,"Nice game, but ultimately too repetitive and becomes far too easy very quickly.Started a new galaxy at one point to better get my bearings.Kept playing mostly because I can deal with a bit of repetitive gameplay.After only a few hours I've seen most or all of what the game has to offer, and I haven't even liberated one of the main faction stations yet.I'll probably keep playing until I do that but honestly I'm ready to move on.It was fun while it lasted.Really needs more variety.Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,268130,35316884,Posted: 29 September,all,sinneD,"It became evident, from the very first footage I saw of Heat Signature back in 2014, that this was going to be my kind of game. Now obviously I am fairly biased, having followed this game's developement for such a long time. If this game was released in its very early beta stages I would probably still have been all over it.Now, with that out of the way:Heat Signature is a top-down, Hotline Miami-style stealth game in which you use your small infiltrator ship to dock with bigger space ships full of guards and carry out different kinds of missions.While I find Hotline Miami to be the closest comparison there are two major additions to the gameplay. First off: the game is set in a randomly generated galaxy that you can roam freely and gradually take over. Secondly, pausing the game not only let's you catch your breath and take in your surroundings, but also lets you line up shots and instantly swap items, making the challenge of sneaking through the various ships more based on figuring out a good tactic rather than twitchy, fast-paced action.The game has a heavy focus on gameplay. ""Well of course it does! It's a game innit?"", well yes, but I'd actually go as far as to say this game has a bigger focus on player input than any other game I've ever played. While playing this game I feel like I'm making important decisions literally every second. Upon starting the game, you are not met by a loading screen, or a bunch of logos, or even a title screen. You are taken directly into the game.""But this is a stealth game, right? Stealth games usually involve a lot of waiting.""Yes. Sometimes, like in most stealth games, you might want to wait for that one guard to take this particular patrol route before you continue making your way through the ship. This is where another one of my favourite features of this game comes to play; the fast forward-button. At any point in the game, you can press the F-key to speed up time. This will make even the longest travels through space last only a couple of seconds and also means that waiting for that guard becomes almost a non-factor.This is what I love about this game. Everything is built from the ground up to make sure that the you are never bored and you never feel like you're just ""along for the ride"". It is what I feel every game should strive for. This is an interactive media and I would like if more games embraced that as much as Heat Sig.Now I could go on, gushing about all the different features and mechanics of this game, but since you're reading this review you've probably already seen the lauch trailer so it feels a bit redundant. This game is super cool. It has teleporters and space ships and hacking and swords and really, really, really good writing.Buy it. Play it. Then buy it again. Give this man your money so I can get more games like this."
,Recommended,268130,35318447,Posted: 29 September,all,Brian O'Conner,10/10
,Recommended,268130,35316231,Posted: 29 September,all,TheDoctorGD,"If you like strategy games, bullet hells and thought FTL was okay. If so this is the game for you."
76561198110474689,Recommended,268130,35315345,Posted: 29 September,all,DeepeningSilence,"Basically, Heat Signature is a game where you chronically overestimate yourself, get yourself five minutes into a massive ship with no nearby windows, set off an alarm that gives you twenty seconds to get off the ship or permanently lose that character, then go absolutely Neo/James Bond/Jason Borne/Jesus/God-Mode and save the day with zero seconds remaining. Then, while whispering, ""I am such a ♥♥♥♥ing god,"" to yourself on the next mission, you get shot in the face, jettisoned into space, and either bleed out or asphyxiate, whichever comes first. Then you start over with a new character because that's just the name of the game. This game satisfies all of your loot-craving greed from your time spent playing RPGs, but also creates an endlessly replayable environment that doesn't easily get stale. Plus it really does make you feel like a badass, like, 90% of the time. It's awesome, folks. Buy it."
76561198034573453,Recommended,268130,35346551,Posted: 30 September,all,Kal,It's a combination of FTL and Hotline Maimi.I love it.
,Recommended,268130,35349227,Posted: 30 September,all,Mythical☪,"What is this game?Heat Signature is a rogue-like, top-down, shooter where you play as a contractor(s) and set out on missions to infiltrate spaces ships and complete your tasks. There are a multiple elements that give each randomly generated missions a different flavour, like hijack, capture, and assassinate. There are different conditions to missions like bloodless (kill no one) and enigma (no witnesses). The overarching goal is to complete these missions in order to influence nearby space stations to liberate.What this game does wellThere are a lot of great games out in the ether, that tend to flop because they don't know how to tie all the elements together; when the gameplay just becomes a mess. This game however sets out to do exactly what it intended on doing, and keeps things simple for the player. There is no long tutorial, no need to explain everything, they just tell you how to do the basics, and the rest is an open sandbox to your imagination.Although the game has typical indie graphics, they play with the colour scheme and art design well to keep it visually appealing. The art direction here is well done, giving you a true feeling that you are out in space, and keeping the action looking interesting. One thing I would criticize, however, is the icon for who is carrying a key is currently white and often gets lost in the flooring. There have been a few times where I have spent 5-10 minutes wondering if a key holder got sucked out into space when it was actually on the floor somewhere.Where this game really shines is in it's gameplay. As I said earlier, it is simplistic, and only becomes complex with your imagination. The core of the mechanics are easy to use and feel natural. The game provides you with tools to complete missions and you use these tools to completely missions where the odds should crush you. When you first start out playing, you tend to stick around the easy and medium missions, maybe if you are feeling ballsy you may try an hard mission. As you continue playing, you figure out different ways to use the tools they provide... whether it be a subverter, a sidewinder or a glitch trap... You end up being able to take on ""Mistake"" missions, and really enjoy the challenge. It is during this time that the game feels more exhilarating... when you clear a room of enemies, teleport across the map, dodge a few bullets, kill a guard then take out the pilot with 1 second to spare, it is delicious.- Simple- Pretty- Fun gameplay- Skilled gameplay- Intense moments- Creative problem solving- The missions varietyWhat this game does badThe biggest problem with this game currently by far is it's lack of variety in content. If my count is correct there is currently only 4 types of ships to board. (I haven't tried a liberation missions yet, I will add my thoughts on that here). There are really only 3 types of weapons, with 3 types of ammuniction. There are 7 gadgets in the game currently as well and 6 enemy variations. You can really see all there is to see within about an hour of gameplay. Now, I am not say that the lack of variety has made it not fun... but I feel like I am just waiting for the game to become repeatative, like it is an inevitable final destination. The developers really need to come up with more contents, and really more things to do in the game. Currently there are 3 things you can do, missions, defector missions and just flying around hijacking ships at will. The problem is none of these feels any different, it is the exact same gameplay. The game really feels like it is missing something.I think the developers really need to add more depth and more options to boarding ships. Currently, all you do is fly to the ship, go to the one opening and dock, that is it. It would be interesting if they could incorporate some amount of gameplay into actually boarding the ship. Maybe defense drones you have to avoid, more ways to breach the ship, more things to actually do in space! Also, flying the your pod is pretty awful... which I kind of like, but don't at the same time. It makes pick up your guy in space challenging which is enjoyable... but smacking into the side of the ship repeatedly trying to dock is not.As I sort of mentioned above, the game seems like it will get repetitive, and I am dreading that moment. I am currently quite enjoying this, but I can totally see this issue waiting on the horizon... I don't want this game to feel repetitive, I want to keep enjoying it because it is a good game.This game desperately needs more stuff to buy. There is really nothing I ever want to spend money on. The only thing I buy is my upgraded pod, a silenced gun and then just dump into mystery crates. Let my by a damn ship already. Let me buy upgrades for it to attack/breach ships.I like how the AI functions, but currently they are way too basic and predictable. It would be nice to have some variety of AI on the ship, maybe assign roles randomly. Give the AI tasks to do around the ship, instead of standing facing each other. It would be neat to see actual designated rooms in the ship that change how the AI acts. For instance, a mess hall, barracks or nav room. Currently there is just an engine room and the cockpit. I want to see AI doing meaningful tasks, and have some AI that patrol the whole ship on hard difficulties, or AI that walk around in pairs... so, on. Maybe some defense drones that require more than 1 bullet to kill.- Content variety- Ship boarding/flying- Repetitiveness- Nothing to spend money on- AI issuesSummaryHeat Signature is a ton of fun, and really allows the player to problem solve. It has some great visuals and makes you feel like you are getting better at the game. The intense moments really make you feel powerful when you beat the odds, and the challenge is incredibly fun. The game falls a little short when it comes to variety and has the potential to feel repetitive. Currently, I would recommend the game for its current price, but it may be best to wait and see if the developers plan on adding more content in the future. Although they are selling the game a finished indie game, it does feel like it is in early access. I am excited to see what the devs do with this game!"
,Recommended,268130,35348965,Posted: 30 September,all,Brilliant Whistler,"I've been tracking the development of the game since the early pre-alpha videos Tom uploaded on his youtube channel and it was certainly a treat to see the experience to shape up into a finished product. Now that this is out of the way, we can begin commenting on the actual story.The game begins in a manner reminiscent of Gunpoint - with someone getting thrown out the window, as the player assumes control and hijacks an interstellar vessel, only to fly it back to a space station build inside a floating meteor. After that we take control of a handful of proceedurally generated characters and begin our adventure as a cosmic mercenary out to liberate their nebula from the tyranny of the four majour factions by breaking into ships and acomplishing objectives for fortune or revenge. The gameplay systems will be familiar to anyone that played the hotline miami series, with a few major differences such as the abulity to slow down/stop time to aim one's shots and the addition of the abulity to remote control one's space pod while one resides in the ship's corridors.The mechanical engagement peaks within the first few hours, as the player realizes all the possible strategies that one is able to acomplish within the given framework. For example, remember that I told you that it's possible to remote control one's space pod? Early on, one of the unlockable pods give one the abulity to ram it into the hull of a ship, damaging it and opening a new entryway for potential breaching in the process. As a result, it's possible to try to avoid being cought and take the standart path or engage in guerilla tactics as the flying brick flies through the observation window and into the deck of the vessel. Part of the fun is discovering the most unconventional solutions to common missions, such as hijacking a seperate vessel and ramming it into one in where your assassination target resides, etc.I'll admit, picking a warsone mission for the first time, trying to rescue a young woman while fighting off guards in narrow corridors, as the ship depressurises from a torpedo, sending you and your target flying into the vacuum, as the ship scoops the both of you up was one of the best gaming experiences I had in a while. Nevertheless, the toy box dries up in about 4 hours as progress slows to a crawl.On a seperate note, one of the more interesting features is the procedural storytelling system. When picking your character, they recieve a one-sentence pitch of their personal goal (saving their sister, avenging their father, etc). After completing a certain number of difficult tasks, the process by one liberates space stations slows done, as your character becomes a celebraty and you are incentivised to retire and pick the next rookie that lacks all of the shiny gear that you have accumulated. As they retire, they are allowed to name one of their items after themselves, increasing the chance of it dropping and being seen to other players. Add to that, should one of your characters be taken captive by an enemy faction, their relatives might step in to set them free, after which they end up becoming playable again. Over the course of the session, that ends up manifesting itself as a sort of accumulated mythology of your world with its own set of heroes and martyrs with geographic locations and precious artifacts holding onto their names.Anyway, after about 10-17 hours of playing, you may be ready to take the stronghold of the last major faction and give political independence to the cosmic bowl of space gas. The stronghold missions usually involve breaking onto a large ship and changing its tragectory to collide into the enemy base, causing traumatic memories for any New Yorkers in the process.After escaping the structure with the skin of one's teeth or comitting an act of martyrdom, you return to one of your bases to hear a somewhat lax conversation about being manipulated by an even larger faction, upon which the game ends with a brief cutscene. Considering how top notch most of the lore and flufftext were, it was dissapointing to see such a rushed conclusion to a 15 hour experience. Plus, it doesn't help but to cause a bit of ludo-narrative dissonance, since it's hard to believe that a band of cutthroats that spend the last week being blasted into the void in order to save their familly and loved ones would just sit by and watch as their home is conquered by a force as they drink scotch in some rundown asteroid bar.Overall, it's a solid game and is well worth the asking price, yet I can't help but urge others to try to wait for a few months before a few major updates arrive and the major bugs get patched out. Frankly, I hope that the developer adds a few more content updates, since there clearly isn't enough variables for an experience that has way overstretched its boundries. I hope that Tom keeps polishing an already excellent game into something special throughout the year.Maybe space station missions, new factions and techniques of storytelling? Who knows, I'll be sitting in a bar drinking vodka while some other slub in a tracksuit takes my place."
,Recommended,268130,35340102,Posted: 30 September,all,mcj,"Very different from Gunpoint, but just as funny.  Excellent game."
,Recommended,268130,35211764,Posted: 25 September,all,Reaper8U,"This game I feel is somewhat lacking in some departments, but overall it's a fun game. It can be challenging at times, but that makes it more fun. I recommend getting the Offworld Angel as quickly as possible for a better experience.I also recommend them changing the ""One careful owner"" achievement as I have tried it so many times, but I can't make it in time any time. Winning gold in the olympics start sounding easier than this achievement. I mean, most of the time it's the attacking ship manages to damage the ship I am trying to hijack in like 1 barrage bad enough that I can't hijack it anymore. So I have to kill everyone in the entire ship I am trying to grab and take the ship before the attacking ship shows up in a few sec."
,Recommended,268130,35120330,Posted: 21 September,all,Vrah,"Very Fun game. One of the few games I've purchased on launch day. Kinda easy, but not easy enough to be boring."
76561198038469378,Recommended,268130,35120305,Posted: 21 September,all,suppa,Heat Signature is awesome. A fresh action game with emergent behavior! I love it!
,Recommended,268130,35121760,Posted: 21 September,all,Sorrien,"I can't believe how well designed this game is. Every part of the gamplay is contributing to the same core mechanics in a way that makes sense, and is extremely fun. The roguelike portion of the game isn't too punishing, and the revival mechanic is a lot of fun. This game makes you feel like the badass scifi action hero you always wanted to be."
,Recommended,268130,35121770,Posted: 21 September,all,exoplasm,If you enjoyed Gunpoint you are likely to also enjoy Heat Signature. Pretty good pacing with a quirky fill-in-the-blanks-yourself story. It even has a bit of a - dare I say it? - rogue-lite feel to the whole thing with the multiple characters situation.You can even use physics to your (dis)advantage which is quite fun!This game is definitely gonna be my new addiction for a while.
,Recommended,268130,35121481,Posted: 21 September,all,Hipster Walrus,"I dock my breach-pod, enter through the airlock.  I rush in, kill 3 guards and steal some experimental item, I don't know.  A quest told me to get it, f*ck off.Anyways, I grabbed that, and tried running.  Eventually I was cornered with no way out.  Desperate, I used the experimental item on an enemy and swapped places with him and ran.  The guards eventually lost me but that wasn't the case for long.  I remembered that I could remote control my pod, so I flew it around the ship and kept it sitting beside a window.  The guards found me again.  I rush to the window, dodging bullets left and right.I then launched three (3) grenades at the guards, killing each one.  One of them had shot just before the last grenade blew up, hitting the window behind me.  I then got sucked into the vacuum of space and slammed into my pod at the speed of sound, making the greatest escape in Heat Signature history.11/10 would be Somali space pirate again."
,Recommended,268130,35121520,Posted: 21 September,all,liq3,Great game. Definately recommend.
76561198065987751,Recommended,268130,35121396,Posted: 21 September,all,Iron_Lemon,Stays true to the spirit of Gunpoint while being an entirely new and incredibly fun game.
,Recommended,268130,35121289,Posted: 21 September,all,Crazyboris,Suprisingly tense. Pretty cerebral. Super fun.
,Recommended,268130,35139130,Posted: 22 September,all,zuluhero,"Space... The final frontier...These are the voyages of the starsh.. oh no wait, i've been captured...Next character!It's five year mission to expl...  nope now i've been killed... FIVE years?! Five minutes more like!Next character!Strange new worlds and new civilisations... now i've died after being thrown out of an airlock by said civilisation!Let's drop the preamble shall we, it was getting rather tenious anyway...This game is really great in so many ways; design, art, sound, gameplay, missions and intriguing story drop fed through a handful of characters and the conflicted politics of space factions.  It's also really fun too, with some really funny cause-and-effect reactions from a whole host of weapons and gadgets that can make even the most carefully planned mission go horribly wrong!In space no-one can hear you scream, but they will probably hear you laughing!Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,268130,35139972,Posted: 22 September,all,[RIP] Jesper,"A fun game with some confusing and unexplained HUD elements.You roam around the galaxy taking missions or finding random ships in space. You loot said ships after having dealt with the guards in one of a million different creative ways. Hack a turret? Check. Steal a smaller ship close by and blast a section of the other ship to hell, to create a new entry point? Check. Shotgun to the face? Check.If you do screw up and get captured, you have an (afaik) endelss supply of other characters. If you want, you can rescue your caputred character with the new one.Getting a character geared up and finished with it's so called ""personal quest"" enables it to add one of its items to the random loot table rolled on in chests found on the ships.I'd say this game is solid fun for 10-20 hours. If you really like it there is replayability for maybe 20 more, adding to 40 in total.The tutorial only gives you the basic gameplay loop and some controlls. There are several icons unexplained, and the retirement system is a bit confusing, Hints and tips are hidden in the corners of your screen and can be easy to miss.Bottom line, a great game and one that is hard to explain and easier to try."
,Recommended,268130,35139810,Posted: 22 September,all,Brim Of Obscurity,"You'll see it compared to other games, but this is its own beast. The minimal presentation belies an emergent depth of play that keeps me coming back for ""just one more mission."""
76561198040675179,Recommended,268130,35137866,Posted: 22 September,all,Dr.TwistyFisty,"I had a rocky first 30 minutes, with some screwy tutorial bugs. Then I had some meh early missions where I trucked some hapless guards. Then about an hour in, it got under my skin. Wayyyy under the skin.The systems are just bonkers fun to toy around with. The combat can be paused, but feels fluid and lethal like hotline miami. I feel ultra poweful but ultra vulnerable. I get attached to my little pixel men. It's just really damn good.  I haven't been this happy to discover a new game in I don't know how long.This is the type of game I will never stop playing around with, even in short sessions. Brilliant job devs."
,Recommended,268130,35145570,Posted: 22 September,all,MrPhish21,"This is one of those games where you sit down to play a misson or two, and its 3 hours later.I had been following this game ever since i saw the NerdCubed video on it (saw the Dan Hardcastle cameo btw) so when I noticed not only was it finally available, but on sale right away? Immediate purchase.A lot of people are saying this is like if Hotline Miami were set in space, and to an extent, theyre right. You come into a level where you can see the enemies and the layout of the map, but the enemies cant see you, you go through and kill all the enemies, all dying in one shot. However, Heat Signature takes it a step above that. For starters, you don't die right away. One hit knocks you out, but then you get shot into space and are forced to catch yourself with your own spaceship flying at hundreds of miles an hour with the time ticking down and youre just a tiny little speck and oh dear god the panic. Secondly, you are at a slight advantage. You know the types of enemies you will fight, and you are allowed to bring whatever gear you think you will need into the fight. This being said, you are at a huge numbers disadvantage. There are 15 guards, 7 of them have shields, and you only have 3 charges on your shield dispelling gun. what now?This scenario is where the game shines though. That ""what now"" moment is constant, and terrifying. You can try to get away, and just say screw it, ill come back when i have better gear. You can try to just stealth your way through, get your target and run. You can try to get a lucky drop in one of the ships cargo containers. Those are just the first few thoughts that go through your head.As far as Ive seen, the combinations of weapons and gadgets in this game are what will make it the most replayable. One character I played as a pure brute shooter. When that eventually failed, I played as her father, a time altering ninja who went on a daring quest to get his daughter back (this was not a headcannon, this was the actual personal story i got with this character). Then when he eventually met his icy death, i played as a teleporting renegade, looking to avenge his sisters death. I would place down a glitch mine, that teleports your enemies to whereever you select, then I would swap my position with the enemy, shooting them directly into space, and me through the door. This was all within the 3 hours ive played just today.In summary: this game gives you a character with a history and a personal quest, and tells you to do whatever missions you want to do in order to reach your goal. Its fast paced, you feel like a badass, and i can already tell, there is a lot of potential for ""holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ that actually worked???"" moments. People might be saying that i can get repetitive, but I disagree. The amount of variation in the enemies alone make the game feel new each time you accept a contract. Add in the huge amount of ship layouts, loadouts, playstyles, and weapon variation, and i can easily see myself playing this game for days."
,Recommended,268130,35147049,Posted: 23 September,all,Chipmayo,"Honstely one of the most unique, challenging, great game of this year by far9/10"
,Recommended,268130,35146293,Posted: 23 September,all,Warior4356,"I saw it in the feed of a few youtubers so I gave it a go. Its great, esspically for the price."
,Recommended,268130,35146601,Posted: 23 September,all,BRING GUNS,"About to knock out the last guy on a no-kill mission. I fire my concussive shotgun into him as he rounds the corner at a T in the hallway. The blast knocks him backwards into the room behind him, breaking a window and sucking him out into space. RIP.10/10"
76561198085137659,Recommended,268130,35146634,Posted: 23 September,all,McWarlords™,Hotline Miami Meets Elite Dangerous
76561198074553624,Recommended,268130,35146839,Posted: 23 September,all,[DGS] Janniktock,good game
76561198120696949,Recommended,268130,35146435,Posted: 23 September,all,Slug,Great game. Challenging but fun gameplay.
76561198091055296,Recommended,268130,35146142,Posted: 23 September,all,"Ho Ho Ho, Your Mums A Hoe",I have only played 2 hours but I must say this. If you have a potato computer (like me) skip the Tutorial as it goes at about 2 frames per second. Besides that the game is well made with no glitches (that I have found). However more weapons and upgrades is despratly needed aswell as not having a few designes and only changing the rooms in the ship.
,Recommended,268130,35138810,Posted: 22 September,all,Sunder,This game is pretty simple in its design and yet effective and enjoyable whenever you feel like doing a quick hotline maiami shenanigans in space in a proceduraly generated missions.An easy grab for those short work breaks
76561197968238071,Recommended,268130,35165882,Posted: 23 September,all,PoorbandTony,Very good - well worth the wait! :)
76561198034307925,Recommended,268130,35164388,Posted: 23 September,all,Milocat,"Like Gunpoint but open world and also it's Hotline Miami now. Went on a mission to rescue my daughter, then got captured so sent my next character to rescue him, but then accidently blew up both of them. 10/10 would have all my characters die trying to rescue each other again."
,Recommended,268130,35165937,Posted: 23 September,all,UzanisArmy,"Carries over the humour from Gunpoint and adds it to a game that takes the frenetic action from Hotline Miami, adds a pause button and a wide variety of tools and options.Fantastic game, highly recommended"
76561197999277627,Recommended,268130,35168190,Posted: 23 September,all,TrophyBuck,"Really fun and really hard at times - feels like a mix of Hotline Miami gameplay with the added ability to pause, and a roguelike turnover of characters (seriously, you die a lot).  Seems like the sort of game you could enjoy for a few hours or pour time into mastering the mechanics."
,Recommended,268130,35168822,Posted: 23 September,all,Thermobyte,"You can't look at this game and expect it to be like gunpoint just because Tom Francis made it. Which is in my mind a sign that he isn't a one-trick pony, but I digress. If you came here looking for gunpoint 2.0, you'll probably be disappointed. However, if you are looking for a game that is silly, exhilarating, and unique. Or a game that's like FTL and Hotline Miami had a child (and that child was the weird one in the family). Or a game made by one of the coolest indie devs currently out there. Or a game that, even though is doesn't punish death that severely, has made me rage quit on several occasions because I lost a character that I got attached to, Than I think you'll love it."
76561198311957120,Recommended,268130,35164042,Posted: 23 September,all,Magicbat,Love it
76561198069882304,Recommended,268130,35170043,Posted: 23 September,all,jonshs,"Got this game today and thaught it could be a hit or miss sort of game THIS GAME IS FREAKING FUN. its a challenge once you start to get the gameplay down but a good challange like when i start a seemingly easy mission and 15 secs into it the ship Im attacking starts getting attacked by a bigger ship, witch makes me think OHH breached airlocks i can use those and then have my whole plan go to crap again.Im not the best reviwer if you want to play FTL mixed with Hotline Miami, with a little extra stratagy.now back to wasting my night playing this game"
,Recommended,268130,35169637,Posted: 23 September,all,Lexington2520,An absolutely excellent game that you should definitely play if you like games like hotline miami. And don't let the slightly slow middle game deter you.
,Recommended,268130,35171625,Posted: 23 September,all,Awkward Bunion,"Great game. It's as fun as you are creative, so if you are boring maybe not the game for you then. short missions so you can play even if you only have a few mins."
,Recommended,268130,35161664,Posted: 23 September,all,Alex Utopia,"I expected this game to be a lot of fun to beginn with, judging from videos I have seen. Turned out it is even more fun to play it for yourself, partially because it is all about creating your own story. If you need a comparison I would say this feels like a combination of FTL, Hotline Miami and Superhot. A perfect mixture of action-oriented and fast-paced combat, combined with the strategy, planning and tactics necessary to actually come back from your daring heists in one piece.During the game you will play many diffrent charackters, all of them motivated by a personal goal, some of them linked to other charackters. I will never forget how my favorite guy was caught by the authorities because of a monumental mistake on my part. At this point his sister walked into the bar, resolved to get him back. After a few noteworthy adventures on her own she finally got the intel, money and equipment to get her brother back. She makes her way through the enemy ship, one of the harder missions I have played so far and yet she almost made it to his prison cell, if it were not for an uncooperative prison guard who decides to sound the alarm at which point all hell breaks loose. Only 30 seconds to grab my brother and get back to my ship or I will loose them both forever...This sort of thing is priceless to me and it is this part of the game that I didn't quite expect grabing me like it did. Sure the scenario and the mechanics looked interesting to me at first, but not every game manages to motivate you like this one does. A refreshing title, reminding me a lot of FTL in the sense that both are able to conjure up meaningful stories and complexe gameplay out of seemingly simple mechanics and graphics. Definitly recommended for everyone who likes this sort of thing."
,Recommended,268130,35165526,Posted: 23 September,all,Y U N G M E M E,♥♥♥♥ dudegoodbuyplease
,Recommended,268130,35159877,Posted: 23 September,all,Sir BuzBit,"I am only 2 hours in but I am already so happy with this game I want to leave me stamp in the reviews. I will come back at a later date to be more clear but simply put, what a great game! absolutely love it. So easy to sit back and just enjoy mission after mission with some just tickling the action spot you need and others really making you think about decision. So pleased !"
,Recommended,268130,35159648,Posted: 23 September,all,420 praise it,"The game keeps running in slo-mo half the time, until I zoom in all the way on my character, which means I can't see anything. The environments are too cluttered , making it so the guards blend in until you walk by them half the time."
,Recommended,268130,35164410,Posted: 23 September,all,Koreanzerg ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"Kill people, teleport people, hit them with wrenches.Save the galaxy, rescue your son/daughter/father, or just die.Fly a spaceship. Become a legend.Its pretty fun"
,Recommended,268130,35164483,Posted: 23 September,all,JustWusky,Gud
,Recommended,268130,35177827,Posted: 24 September,all,d3kr,"I am a pretty picky gamer. Yes, I have over 500 games on my account, I do love TRYING new games, though I almost never get hooked... but there's something about this game and the way it's designed, it just feels... really fair. I loved Hotline Miami, and there's definitely some of that top-down-slaughter-em-up flavor here, but it's propped up by a pause-and-plan mechanic that is arguably the antithesis of Hotline's RUN IN THE ROOM AND BLAST EVERYBODY QUICK! Sometimes I just need to hit pause and ask myself, wait, how was I going to do this again? It says it right there in the description that this is a game where you ""make terrible mistakes, and think of clever ways out of them."" Instead of instadying and instarespawning and building muscle-memory a la Super Meat Boy, there's a lot more panic pauses to the tune of ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I totally forgot to grab my armor piercing gun... and that guard I just tried to bonk with a hammer is definitely about to shoot me.. what the hell am I gonna do?"" and it's the solving that stupid, simple problem that makes this game fun, but fair. If you couldn't pause, you would die a lot more than you do. And you already die a lot in this game."
,Recommended,268130,35177715,Posted: 24 September,all,vetulus,"got this launch day after following it for most of the 3 years of development, already completed my first galaxy after spending pretty much two whole days on it, and the 5 times I closed it to do something else I ended up opening it again 5 minutes later...love it"
76561198042722752,Recommended,268130,35177250,Posted: 24 September,all,Knubbler,"Just an amazing and fun game, the liberation really fixes a lot of things I don't like about roguelikes. This one is a perfect game, looks good but runs on older maschines, humorous, excellent learning curve, freedom to play how you want and at your pace, stimulates your creativity, tons of replayability. 10/10 would recommend"
76561198112770211,Recommended,268130,35176506,Posted: 24 September,all,Papa CJ,"A wonderful mix between hotline miami and FTLthis will probably be my game of the year. The game blends so well with it-self, giving the user a satisfying experience.even the item descptions are funny (thats how good this game is)"
,Recommended,268130,35175764,Posted: 24 September,all,The Talking Potato,♥♥♥♥ing fantastic.
,Recommended,268130,35175821,Posted: 24 September,all,falo,"I've been following this game through from the start, and while I have fond memories of the heat signature mechanic, I think this game has changed into what it needed to be.The random flyabout missions for each character are great, but I'm particularly enjoying the Defector missions - you get given a fixed starting kit and an objective on a ship and have to work it out from there.  It's both an interesting challenge, and a great way to learn the different tools.As the sales blurb says, it's also a game about trying to get out of your mistakes.  Just had a great mission where I was a bit gung ho and set off an alarm, with over half the ship to still traverse to my goal.  With the seconds counting down until the ship docked and I was to be captured I evaluated my options.  I could try to head for the pilot to kill him, stop the countdown, then sweep the ship clean at my leisure, but that was risky with large clusters of guards in between me and him.  I wasn't convinced I could do it in time.  Instead I started making a beeline for my assassination target.  First hurdle: a turret directly in my path.  Whipping out my crashbeam, I shut down the turret, legged it across a tunnel opening before a patrolling guard could see me, and rounded the corner straight into a locked door.  With no key weilding guards in sight, I thought all was lost, until I spotted another patrolling guard on the other side of the door.  He was just in range of my swapper teleporter, so soon enough I was through the door, with a puzzled guard standing where I had been moments before.  With 10s on the clock I rounded the corner into a large room and lunged at the nearest guard, slicing him open before throwing my longblade at his nearby friend.  I then sprinted at my target, picking up my longblade en route, and ended him.  At this point I had 4s on the clock, and my escape pod was all the way at the other end of the ship.  I thought it was game over, until I realised I was near the hull.  Pausing and looking around I spied a nearby window and headed towards it.  With no guns available to me, and 1s left on the clock, I hurled my longblade at the window, shattering it and yanking me out into space.  Quickly taking remote control of my pod, I flew it around to pick me up and headed home, heart racing.  Marvellous."
,Recommended,268130,35174539,Posted: 24 September,all,Boogiewoo0,"Customizing my heroes in Heat signature reminds me a bit of what it was like to customize my ship in FTL. Finding the perfect weapon combination brings a bit of relief, but also raises the stakes, because if you don't perform at a high level constantly, one slip-up could cost you everything. The game is pseudo-permadeath. Your character can be captured and if they are captured you or your steam friends may get a chance to recover them, but it's not easy. Your player can also die. (Usually forever) This may be one of the best games to come out this year. It definitely landed in my top 5 for the year so-far just as soon as I got the hang of its somewhat zany mechanics."
,Recommended,268130,35175040,Posted: 24 September,all,DannyboyO1,"This is pretty solid gameplay. The pause mechanic is a pretty brilliant way to handle the constant problem of dealing with 3-4 foes at once. And since you can be disabled with one blow and chucked out the nearest airlock... this is not easy-mode.Only caveat: There's a few different types of teleporter in the game, and the swapper in the trailer is NOT unlocked at the start. You'll be able to buy them at the shop once you expand the network a smidge. And RNG may smile upon you before then.But it's definitely a solid rogue-ish with progression."
,Recommended,268130,35173599,Posted: 24 September,all,Niftyness,"What a refreshing game! This game offers so much for its value, a refreshingly simple interface, a vast space to explore! Randomized galaxy loadouts, a ton of weapons/gadgets. Did I mention you can hijack ships after you clear out the crew, then pilot the ship around? Love it"
76561197966987251,Recommended,268130,35173907,Posted: 24 September,all,Sonya - Wins,It is a good game. Major complaint is a memory leak meaning you have to restart every hour or so.
76561198142129648,Recommended,268130,35171747,Posted: 23 September,all,Radicly,"The objective was simple; go kill this guyso instead I used breach charges to blow the ship in half the poileted one of the halves and used it to blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the other one.Didn't actually kill the guy tho, he was on my half but it was still fun"
,Recommended,268130,35168698,Posted: 23 September,all,brunoqc,I like the visual style. I like the music. It's fun. It's not too pricey.
,Recommended,268130,35154469,Posted: 23 September,all,Hi_Voltg3,Have you ever wanted to throw yourself out a window because you were too lazy to walk back to fly your ship? Then this game is for you.
,Recommended,268130,35170573,Posted: 23 September,all,rogueWithLoveForRogues,"It's a fun game. You need to use your pause button a lot and develop a plan - don't just mindlessly wrench people until some guard teleports to your face and smacks you. If you use spacebar a lot suddenly these mad gadgets that you carry can create crazy combos, what adds a lot pf depth to the game. It's also well written, sounds good and BEAUTIFUL, I mean, space looks ""deep"" (feels atmospheric as hell), factions have their personalities and space stations are decorated with this sci fi cool♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,268130,35250526,Posted: 27 September,all,tenbeat,"A great game with many variations and possibilities when it comes to its main (and only) feature. Gameplay. There is very little narrative, and is instead a sandbox full of systems and rules that can interact with each other in many interesting ways to create dynamic situations. You will never play the same way twice."
76561198102850954,Recommended,268130,35250158,Posted: 27 September,all,Dovamark,Very fun game which rewards meticulous planning as well as improvisation for when those plans inevitably go horribly wrong.
,Recommended,268130,35250328,Posted: 27 September,all,Tiamanti,Really good game.Split second actions are amazing and get blood pumping.Thought slightly better tutorial would be useful.Ship flying is something to get used to but is worth it.If you like rougelike games then buy without a second thought.
76561197975754030,Recommended,268130,35249640,Posted: 27 September,all,Banni,When you live long enough to pull off that perfect assassination mission that earns you enough credits so that you can buy the intel that locates your missing brother so that you can go break him out of jail and finally retire...
,Recommended,268130,35255847,Posted: 27 September,all,BungusTheFungus,"I dont usually review games, this one is absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,268130,35265693,Posted: 28 September,all,Guild Carver,*Get's a Mistake difficulty assassination in a warzone**Flies to ship and the second I step on board I get blown out of a giant hole in the hull**catch myself with my ship and realize ship with my target is being attacked by bigger ship**My target is too sucked through a hole in the hull**I suck my target up with my ship and take him back to base and ship him off*I got two achievements for this...1000/10 best game
76561198039075071,Recommended,268130,35266894,Posted: 28 September,all,Mindless Max,"To put it simply; this game can be highly addictive. This is not a bad thing!  I for one, cannot stop playing it. There's always the lure of one more grand adventure to keep me coming back for more.Well worth its price.So far my most memorable character started out in an attempt to avenge his murdered wife. Shortly into his career he was rendered unconscious, and on his trip to the nearest airlock, the ship docked with its destination, so he was hurled in jail instead.Thus, his father joined the fray, and after an illustrious career, to the point where there was almost nothing that anyone believed he was incapable of pulling off, he rescued his son from a prison transport, and subsequently retired before he gained any further grey hairs.Now free, and wiser for his suffering, the son continued on with his own rebellious career, and eventually learned the location of his wife's murderer. Unfortunately, after infiltrating the ship, history repeated itself, and the murderer himself shot him, and he was once more carted off to prison, instead of being deep spaced.Thankfully, his good friend decided to pitch in, and come to the hapless hero's rescue as well. His career was not quite as storied as the hero's father's, but was still an impressive list of hoodwinking and incapacitating, but without a hint of the bloodshed that so overshadowed the previous rescuer. It seemed that the lesson had been learned as well, for the next prison transport was kitted out with every available member of the personnel heavily armored, and a number of them equipped with shields to boot. With the help of an assortment of teleportation devices, and an absurdly powerful non-lethal shotgun, once more the hero was free of his prison sentence.Now free to pursue his vengeance once more, the hero boarded his quarry's new vessel, and ran about in a panic as he attempted to avoid being shot yet again. Finally, when close enough to his target and with seconds left to go before the alerted pilot made it back to base yet again, he tossed a grenade at his target's feet. With the satisfying sound of the murderer's armor crumpling in on his body still ringing in his ears, he blew out a nearby window with the man's own shotgun, and escaped into the void of space. The comforting embrace of his breacher pod surrounded him moments later.Finally, he was free to retire.Now, downsides I've noted:At least on my system, the game slowly builds up enough data that it begins to slow to a crawl. This is easily rectified by closing the game, and then reopening as soon as you notice the decrease in performance.I wish I could give my characters nicknames, for ease of reference, and to make it easier to tell the difference between their somewhat limited selection of randomly assigned names. I did appreciate the fact that both father and son in the example above did have the same last name though (Craze, appropriately enough)"
,Recommended,268130,35219225,Posted: 26 September,all,Prince of Eros,"Her name was Orchard.  Yeah, odd name but does that really matter especially after you pull the sort of stunt she did?  I don't think so and if you ask me, others wouldn't either.What does matter is that stunt; her's was an interesting story, what with a daughter who fell into the wrong crowd and wounded up being a prisoner to the Glitchers.  Never did find out why but she wasn't the first person I've heard of ending up in a cell with those tech crazy freaks.Orchard's a good mom so she does what any decent parent does, she digs.  She gets the info she needed but it ended up being costly--200 credits if I recall right and to get all of them required a lot of work, most of it pretty damn sloppy truth be told.She started the job with a wrench and a three charged swapper--given the lack of lethal weapons, she probably preferred to get around folk than kill them so she did that to the best she could.  She got shot at least five times in those early days but she did amass the credits and a lot of expensive and well-to-do gear--the sort of stuff that would get you shot five more times over if the wrong sort of person learned you had any of it.Well, after enough close calls she finally finds the ship where her baby girl is being kept.  She breaks in and wouldn't you know it? Every damn guard on that ship is carrying a personal shield that blocks even her graviton hammer from whisking them to la la land. Does she have anything to bring down those shield? Yeah she does but it only has three charges and there's at least twenty or so of those sheltered ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.So, what does a mom do? She abuses what she found--it was a five charge slipstream, lets you move faster then a man could blink an eye, all she appeared to these folks was an odd blur moving from room to room, stopping to malfunction a door that was in her way until finally, she's carrying her daughter over her shoulder--exhausted but relieved to finally have her baby back, flesh and blood whole at that.Charge on the slipstream is gone.  Her swapper? One person at a time--she's not leaving without what she's come so far to get.  There is one little idea but its risky--the room, the one and only way into the cell where she's at has a panel that when damaged will take away a whole section of the ship.She had found a grenade in her second mission--kept it for a special ocassion.  It wasn't going to get more special than this.She throws it, waits for the shake and the blaring sound of alarms echoing in the place along with a warning that they were heading to a station some fifteen seconds away.  There's no turning back here...Her and her daughter go jetting through the black, nothing but a fast ship and a prayer standing between the two of them and a cold death.When she arrives on the station she takes her daughter and vanishes.  She didn't want this kind of life and now that she got what she wanted she could leave it behind--her graviton hammer was left behind though, folks have gotten around to calling it ""Orchard's Lullaby"" in honor of one crazy, truly caring mom.If you happen upon it...well, who knows? Maybe something of Orchard will get passed along with it.  A person in this line of work could always use a little hope and a lot of luck."
76561198049177291,Recommended,268130,35260693,Posted: 28 September,all,Gavros963,"It's like Hotline Miami in space, and you play a pirate.It's awesome!"
76561198011895512,Recommended,268130,35260845,Posted: 28 September,all,Civil,"Great fun - This game hit all the right notes;quick gameplay, but able to be slowed down and more strategicinteresting differences in play styles based on items and abilitygood variety of mission typesbiggest area that could be improved for me would be to have a co-op mode"
76561198112181959,Recommended,268130,35269195,Posted: 28 September,all,CarthBlaze,Wrench Throwing Simulator 2017But seriously this game is so great that I just can't describe it.Tom Francis hit it out of the park again.
,Recommended,268130,35274885,Posted: 28 September,all,SupremeS,"When it comes to thinking up dream jobs, I feel comfortable in saying that “space pirate” is one that will probably sit pretty highly on most people’s lists. Flying through the infinite void, sneaking on to massive spaceships, and performing daring robberies and dangerous assassinations – it’s all just so incredibly cool sounding. It’s this life that Heat Signature offers up to you, but can the reality really stand up to the exciting expectation?Well, to begin with, things are much more confusing than exciting. Heat Signature’s gameplay style is very weird – you’ve got to strategically work your way through enemy ships, using a wide range of strange gadgets and weapons along with the ability to pause at any moment to help you obtain success. The best analogy would be that it’s a strange mix of Hotline Miami meets Faster Than Light, but it takes some getting used to no matter how you describe the thing. Chances are your first few missions will see alarms and failures a plenty, as you struggle to come to terms with what each item does, how the many different types of guard react, and how to even get to your objective in the first place.Your first hour or so can be frustrating, then, but as things slowly click into place you realise this whole learning process is precisely what forms one of Heat Signature’s greatest strengths. This is a game that gives you the ability to constantly experiment, gaining more wisdom as you go, and using this newfound wisdom to come up with grander and more audacious plans. There’s a great joy to be had in pausing and taking your time to come up with a strategy that uses clever manipulation of the gadgets and features offered up to you, and an even greater joy in managing to actually pull it off when things get moving again.If your plan fails, however, it’s not the end of the world. Indeed, like the developer’s previous title Gunpoint, even the act of failing can be fun. To see an unexpected flaw in your plan fling you into space or cause a massive explosion is more likely to incite laughter than anything else. As a result, you’ll often be willing to step outside your comfort zone just out of sheer curiosity of what could happen, even if the outcome proves not to be so favourable. Characters can die and their loot be lost forever, but when there’s an infinite amount of new characters waiting in the wings ready to forge out new stories of adventure, it’s not a penalty that will ever make you risk adverse.It’s precisely these stories – those laugh out loud, surreal and amazing moments you instantly want to tell your friend about - that form the other pillar of strength that makes this game so great. Let me explain by sharing one of my own – I had only about 20 seconds left on a ship before my inevitable capture, the only escape being via killing the pilot, who unfortunately lay behind three levels of keycard security. The good news; I had a keycard duplicator. The bad news; the guy with the card I needed was too far away for me to pull off a successful duplication. My solution? Firing my gun and sending him and an army of other guards running to my location, duplicating the key moments before a hail of bullets headed my way, and then making a mad dash to the pilot to stab him to death with less than a second to spare. It made me feel like an incredible badass, and that’s many other tales I could tell. There’s many others I may never end up encountering - and perhaps it is only you who ever will.It’s not just the individual moments that are important here, however. You see, Heat Signature has very little story that it tells itself, instead encouraging you to use your imagination to flesh out the world around you. Thankfully it’s designed so well it’s very easy to do this - growing fond of your characters, forging your own backstories and motivations for them based on what adversities they face. One of my own heroes was a deadly and deranged phantom, using flick knives and teleporters to kill all in his path. Another was a gadget master, using endless tools to basically never get into combat in the first place. Take a glance online, and there are hundreds of other people who have fleshed out their own characters in the same manner - it’s just nigh on impossible to resist doing.However, this game by no means a flawless masterpiece. For one, it’s by no means an infinite sandbox – it doesn’t take a great deal of play to encounter everything on offer that’s truly unique, with only variations in ship designs or stuff like the range and capacity of your gadgets keeping things somewhat fresh. The scope for experimentation always remains, but I’ll admit it gets harder and harder to keep things fresh the longer you play. While the end game may be successfully liberating the entire galaxy, it takes so long to do this you'd have to be incredibly dedicated to actually pull it off.I also had a few other minor issues. One is that some ship designs feels cluttered, making it hard to actually see guards and others important details within the fray of all the superfluous ship features dotted about. I also infrequently encountered an issue whereupon the camera would suddenly zoom out to the most extreme distance possible, which is something far from game breaking, but proved annoying nonetheless – especially when it tended to happen seemingly every time things started to get intense.These issues aside, however, the fact remains that Heat Signature is worthy of your attention. It’s a game that manages to take your trials and tribulations, and make them feel like something far greater and grander than they have any right to be. It’s not perfect, but when in your mind’s eye you are controlling the greatest space pirate that ever lived... Well, I really doubt you’ll care."
,Recommended,268130,35276169,Posted: 28 September,all,The Rampaging Tides,"This witty little game is the type of game where in my opinion is only as fun as you make it out to be. Personally I love the game despite learning much of it within a hour, as similarly to what the pawn stars like to say, You never know what is gonna be inside that ship. (well you do, but details details)"
,Recommended,268130,35288924,Posted: 29 September,all,God Emperor Of Mankind,9.5/10Add more ship typesworth the money
,Recommended,268130,35290775,Posted: 29 September,all,Arf,"The fast-paced gameplay of Hotline Miami, the general feel of FTL, and the charisma and sense of humour from Gunpoint. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,268130,35286615,Posted: 29 September,all,smilodon,"Super fun game, really enjoying it."
,Recommended,268130,35320992,Posted: 29 September,all,Sultan Wilfred,You can hijak a ship then pilot it into another ship to assassinate someone. What more is there to life?
76561197969202706,Recommended,268130,35330096,Posted: 30 September,all,Fulby,"I've been following this for a year or so - the developer's video blogs on Youtube are a great watch if you're into indie development. The game was worth the wait, very polished and great moment to moment gameplay."
,Recommended,268130,35328654,Posted: 30 September,all,AbuJohnny,Worth every penny. Addicting.
76561197992075552,Recommended,268130,35327296,Posted: 30 September,all,Mavsynchroid,"This game is definitely a lot of fun, due to it's sandbox and rogue-like elements. Different weapons, gear, and approaches all make for a good time. You can go the lethal route or the non-lethal route as well, adding even more variety.I did however notice one big bug. I left the game on pause for a while because I felt like reading, and when I came back to play, it was running RIDICULOUSLY slow. I dunno if there's a memory leak or what, but this is defintely something that needs to be fixed.Also, while I said there is indeed variety with missions and what not, it did feel kind of stale after an hour or two. While there are still definitely a bunch of different missions to do, they all kind end up being the same thing. Find the ship, board it, knock out/kill anyone in your way, and press  either F or E on the objective. Then go back to your home to collect money. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat.As for the liberation stuff, I have no idea what I'm supposed to do with it. Capture the bases? But then you can do a mission after at each one? What do they even mean?I also got sick of the blood-whatever missions, which took up like 2 to 3 out of the 5 options of missions to choose from. These mean you can't kill anyone except MAYBE for the target, depending on if it's an assassination mission or not. I wouldn't mind this so much, except the two spots of available missions they took always seemed to be the medium or hard ones. That made so if I wanted to just have fun and kill, I had to pick the easy or other medium missions, earning me less rewards.All in all, this is definitely a fun game, but it feels more like the beginning of game. There needs to be more content that adds even more variety, rather than just changing the mission from rescuing to killing to picking up. Maybe sabotage? Maybe have some missions on bases rather than ships? (I only played for a little bit so it's possible these things are in later game, but if you have to slog through the same kind of missions over and over to get it, it's still not worth it.)Please add more to the game. The abiltiy to actually do something with the ships you steal, like space combat perhaps? Maybe getting more rewards for actually stealing a ship? ( I think I'd get like 4.... whatever they are, points, credits, ect?) Anywho, I'll definitely stick with it as long as there's more variety."
,Recommended,268130,35325329,Posted: 29 September,all,The Commissar,"Wow. Where do I even start with this game? It's pretty crazy. You can do just about anything, be anyone. Want to slaughter your way through ships full of hapless guards, leaving pools of ankle-deep blood in your wake? Go for it. Do you want one knife, or two? A sword? A silenced full-auto shotgun? Or, perhaps, you would rather leave your foes alive, quietly knocking them out and dragging their limp bodies to an obscured corner. Or, maybe, that most rare ninja who walks as a shadow among men, unseen, unheard, taking nothing, and leaving no trace.You can do any of that, and more. Ship combat. Assassinations, captures, thefts, hijackings. ""Liberating"" stations.This game has a massive, amazing sandbox structure, but also has a sort of story: each character you use has a personal mission, such as rescuing their brother, stealing a macguffin to help their family, or getting revenge on some vicious jerk from their past.This game is fairly simple: You accept a mission, fly to the ship your objective is on, and perform the objective. Complete enough missions, and you can liberate a nearby station, most of which give you some form of upgrade. Then, after taking several stations, you start to unlock harder difficulties of mission, and different contract modifiers, both of which increase the pay, increasing the rate at which you liberate stations. Contract modifiers include not being allowed to kill anyone, not being allowed to be seen, et cetera. After a while, you can retire a character, and they give an item in their possession a special name, and a tag saying who owned it, which can then be found by you, or your steam friends.The game has incredibly good and very simple mechanics, which allow it to be fun both in combat, as well as in stealth. It also has a vast array of gadgets, each with many variations. Missions also have many variations, both aesthetically (determined by what faction you are fighting), and mechanically. Sometimes, the ship you are going after is under attack by a third party, or has disgusting amounts of guards, or has guards that are impervious to normal weaponry.Whatever happens, though, is up to you. You choose. You make mistakes, and then try to find clever ways out of the horrible situation you just put yourself in."
,Recommended,268130,35310940,Posted: 29 September,all,ligbizards,Such a good game it made me want to recommend it to other people
,Recommended,268130,35311703,Posted: 29 September,all,avinch,Great game to quickly waste a few minutes if that's all you have. Also not bad for chilling and watching stream / listening to music. Gameplay is simular to Hotline Miami but with slight changes. Overall highly reccomended
,Recommended,268130,35309598,Posted: 29 September,all,{SCG} Thunder Rahja,"This is the second game by Suspicious Developments with a title that refers to an obscure mechanic within the game. Of all the hundreds of ships on which I infiltrated, got spotted, panicked, and bailed after completing a last minute objective, I only ever encountered one ship that had heat sensors during the 50+ hours that I played.This game is a top-down shooter that emphasizes planning, stealth, and improvisation. The items you carry with you can give you more options than you think you have. Need to assassinate a target wearing armor but don't have any armor-piercing weapons? Teleport him out of the ship, hammer him through a window, or lure him into a room with a fuel barrel. The most inventive solutions are often the most satisfying."
76561198020898916,Recommended,268130,35309435,Posted: 29 September,all,Hadeda King,"I must tell you the story of Angel and Lacerta Antares. After a few good and a few failed characters, I decided that this prospective young lady would take a stand against violence. I did not accept any mission that involved killing, and not once did I kill a person, preferring stealth or knock out tactics. Unfortunately, on her 4th or so mission, Lacerta was captured by shielded foundry guards whom she could not knock out or run from with her equipment.Back at the bar and a little bleak, I noticed a familiar name by the counter, Angel Antares. Her personal mission: rescue her daughter. Her name and her mission went perfect, but unlike her daughter, I decided Angel wouldn't make the same mistake. Liam Neeson style, it was Taken time. With her two trusty pistols, Angel put down everyone and everything in order to prepare to rescue Lacerta, but her progress was slow and the ship she needed to raid held armoured and shielded guards. I decided a grenade launcher, pistol, a couple of sidewinders (clear path teleporters), and a swapper (switch teleporter) and stealth shield would get me through.Angel eventually survived her way to a windowed room only two away from where Lacerta was being held. The only gear she had left was a rechargeable high capacity slipstream from a cargo crate (slows down time, makes you faster), and a pistol. Thirty seconds until capture. In the room with Lacerta were three armoured guards, and two with shields. The mission looked like a bust, there was no way I could sneak back the way I came, even without the alarm on. Angel would lose Lacerta and probably herself, unless... there was one other thing worth trying.I had angel shoot the window and get sucked out into space, then ram the windowed room with her brick pod, quickly repair it, and make dock. The two had 16 seconds to escape now. Activating the slipstream, Angel sprinted in, grabbed Lacerta, and ran out dodging a hail of bullets, narrowly missing them. with 4 seconds to spare, Lacerta was secured in the pod and Angel ejected them both and flew to safety. Saving her daughter was her greatest achievement and marked the end of her career, she would retire leaving her daughter the heirloom of the slipstream, named Borrowed Time, that had saved their lives. Lacerta would re-enter fieldwork, maintaining her non violence policy, but this time she would be prepared and her retired mother would remain a living legend and a hero to the people.Thanks devs for making Heat Signature, I'll recommend this game to anyone!"
,Recommended,268130,35317224,Posted: 29 September,all,Sgt. Pepper,"Greatest game of the year for me hands down the best.The controls are great not that hard to get used to, but the gameplay is where everything counts,You Plan You Execute, you mess up better have a contingency plan. Gotta say the pause button in this game is a great help. Very strategical and can I say that it is unique in a way that everything is randomly generated and that you play many characters that you yourself create and shape their own story of being a badass breaking into ships assassinating people, stealing objects, or just rescuing somebody. You will feel a lot of emotions in this game mostly the exhilarating parts of almost getting captured, but you managed to pull through it despite the pressure of a guard detecting you and shooting at you without a second thought. Also sadness of losing your character that has the most OP stuff and being super close to his main mission :'(All in all It is worth the price. Great game"
76561198035393265,Recommended,268130,35317028,Posted: 29 September,all,Kalsaraan,"This is rapidly becoming one of my favorite games of the year. The shere number of awesome system interactions and frantic combat combined with numerous ways of manipulating time (automatic bullet time, instant pause on space, slipstream) make combat both exciting and not overwhelming. Things will go wrong, but you often have the nessisary tools to solve them.My favorite item combo is a recharble slipstream, concussive hammer, and stealth shield. Taking out a whole crew in 5 seconds is EXTREMELY satisfying, as is accidentally knocking your assasination target through a window and watch as he drifts off into the void."
76561197964704366,Recommended,268130,35321505,Posted: 29 September,all,Capt. Kelsey,"Just super fun. It can be frustrating to get used to how it works, but it doesn't take long. A little lacking in story, but great to play."
76561198009278158,Recommended,268130,35321756,Posted: 29 September,all,Moeski,"Good game, variety is  very nice with all the things you can do..Reminds me a bit of hotline miami.4/5"
76561198024361977,Recommended,268130,35149720,Posted: 23 September,all,Vurdmeister,It's a stealth comedy written by Tom Francis.
76561198063608033,Recommended,268130,35147178,Posted: 23 September,all,SuperSonicDrake,"Plays like a roguelike version of Hotline Miami, with the time freezing strategy of Strange Adventures in Infinite Space or FTL.There's a really clever mix of perma-death with long term progression, as the player takes on the role of different agents who progress the rebellion; When you die, your character is gone forever, but your sacrifice helps build towards an ultimate goal.I'll be playing the hell out of this game."
76561198021621815,Recommended,268130,35150017,Posted: 23 September,all,Concor,"If you liked Hotline Miami you will likely love this game. its pretty much Hotline Miami levels set in spaceships that can also be completed using various different stratigies, (silent, loud, bloodless, pacifist etc.) weapons, (Melee/ranged etc.) and a multitude of different gadgets (various teleporters, electronics jammers, keycard scanners, stealth shields etc.).All in all i can see myself coming back to this game for years as the core gamplay loop is extremly satisfying and for me atleast does not get old."
,Recommended,268130,35151132,Posted: 23 September,all,Stage,"This is a fantastic little game. Someone else said in their review that it was like FTL meets Transistor meets Hotline Miami, at which point I yelled ""Sold!"" and bought it before finishing reading their review, having greatly enjoyed Gunpoint by the same developer.The stuff you go through in this game will make you want to tell your friends about it. I instantly took to the game and convinced a friend it was worth it, and we've been swapping stories about the crazy stuff that we've done or had done to us since. Killing 4 dudes with a shotgun but accidentally blowing out a window and spacing yourself, only to rescue yourself with your remote controlled lifepod, returning to the ship, getting knocked out and captured? This isn't an unusual story in this game.The game loop is essentially a soft-stealth game, where the consequences of being spotted are open ended. I've been knocked out by a guard who dragged me towards the airlock but walked over my glitch-trap and spaced himself before he got there, leaving me to recover consciousness and complete my mission, for example.The connecting material of the game is a large-scale open ended campaign where you convert the space stations of powerful factions to join your Independent faction by completing mercenary missions. You can also just fly around looking for ships to hijack and see if they have any decent loot.The main meta progression comes from having additional items added to your stores' inventory by converting space stations. You will lose many of your characters, and retire a few, but it doesn't take long to get a brand new fresh-faced space explorer up to the point of being able to attempt very hard missions, often with a totally different playstyle to your previous, depending on what kinds of items you end up finding. A dude with a high-capacity stealth-shield and armour-piercing longblade is going to use a different approach to a dude with an automatic shotgun and personal defense shield.I don't know how much longevity the game will ultimately prove to have. At 10 hours I'm definitely satisfied with my purchase already and intend to complete the campaign at least once; I'm nearly 1/4 through. I suspect it won't have the longevity of, say, FTL, but so far it's a damn good game and I have no hesitation recommending it."
,Recommended,268130,35144200,Posted: 22 September,all,Blaizen;,"This is an instant buy. Once you get a bit of equipment, the playstyles really open up. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,268130,35162685,Posted: 23 September,all,Disco Dexter,"I was hesitant to buy this , buy Im glad I did buy it10/10"
76561198042316520,Recommended,268130,35158799,Posted: 23 September,all,chromeboy42,"Well worth the price. Need to capture a target, but you only have lethal weapons? Fire a shotgun at the window, get sucked out into space with them. Just started a new life and don't know what to do? Rescue your son from the glitchers or avenge your partner's death. Just want to blow apart a ship? Hijack another ship without alerting the gunners and use it against your enemies.I was fortunate enough to help test this in its alpha stage, and this release just blow that out of the water. Definitely going to upgrade to the supporter's edition.Excuse me while I go attempt to liberate the Sovereign Stronghold. I expect it to be explosive."
,Recommended,268130,35158684,Posted: 23 September,all,Billderz,"This game is great.  it can get frustrating at times, like when you lose a character that you really wanted to retire after one last mission, or when you get stuck in the center of a turret and get shot 3 times in a row leading to your eventual capture.  but no worries!  This game does a great job at making it easy to let go of characters, even if they were your best run yet, because you still have those oh so important liberation points from their successful missions.It has a lot of content (but could ALWAYS use more), for example; I only have 5 hours in my main galexy but I have also only liberated about 5% of it too.So yes, I would recommend getting this Fabulous game."
76561198171115998,Recommended,268130,35153926,Posted: 23 September,all,BumblebeeFan,Amazing and addicting and fun i recomend this eventhou ther are a few gliches
,Recommended,268130,35298560,Posted: 29 September,all,The Enclave,"Excellent game, full of replayability, good humour and plans that you have that never quite work out but you muddle through anyway."
,Recommended,268130,35297213,Posted: 29 September,all,Musaab Osman,"Definitely worth the money.  One of the best games to jump in and out of when you have some time to spare.  If you're looking for great gameplay, this is it."
76561198047868578,Recommended,268130,35281620,Posted: 28 September,all,jcbvickers,"One of my guys got captured and I failed to get him back... If anyoone wants to add me and get them back for themselves, they've got some pretty good gear."
,Recommended,268130,35281501,Posted: 28 September,all,Mark 13,This game is freaking AMAZING.
,Recommended,268130,35282465,Posted: 28 September,all,DAB on the H8rs,"This game is great, like FTL on crack. Definitely worth the $15."
,Recommended,268130,35279359,Posted: 28 September,all,Lemming,"A superbly slick and satisfying game about breaking into spaceships. Polished mechanics, sharp and amusing writing, immensely gratifying sound design and a huge suite of gadgets and modifiers to collide in unexpected fashions. Well worth it for the stupid grin it gives you after pulling off something outrageous."
76561197970798799,Recommended,268130,35279201,Posted: 28 September,all,alonendedark,Just got this after seeing it was the Gunpoint Dev. I'm deligted to get another game from him. There is fantastic gameplay that is challenging and humerous. Cannot recommend this enough. Every library should have it!
76561197966167786,Recommended,268130,35277544,Posted: 28 September,all,eyehate,"I am awake.I am drifting in the vacuum of space. I have nothing but a shotgun on me. Memory is fuzzy, but I must have been airlocked by security. The emptiness of space is unbroken, save for a ship at low thrust, leaving me.I hesitate. But only for a second. I aim my gun opposite the fleeing ship and fire. BOOM. I hear the noise in my head, even though the sound of the firing weapon is lost and silenced in this void. BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. I fire and fire. The force of the gun pushes me in the opposite direction. Towards the ship. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. BOOM. BOOM. I am now making this noise in my helmet.I am making headway. The ship is nearing. I can see my corvette docked at an aft port. I fire my gun opposite of that and soon find my hands clutching precious, familiar metal. I open the emergency canopy and crawl back into the safety of my cockpit.I pull my helmet off this time. It obscured my vision when I needed full situational awareness. I grab a silenced pistol and a long blade. I step back into the ship and start down the hallway.I was going to clean the lockers for the prize I was contracted to steal. Now. I just want to kill everyone onboard and scuttle the ship. I sneak up behind a guard that is gazing off into the distance. My long blade finds his heart and he falls. I turn a corner and see two men standing in front of a panoramic window that looks out into the void. I fire three shots and the window explodes outward - blasting the two hapless men into the vacuum.They messed with the wrong pirate."
76561198073988759,Recommended,268130,35346894,Posted: 30 September,all,Cpt_McGee,One of the best games i've spent money on. It's amazing how creative you can get with the gadgets given to you. Sometimes it really makes you think and sometimes you can just go all guns blazing shooting and slicing everything you see. The devs are updating the game incredibly frequently and adding new things and fixing bugs. The is the first game i left a review for and it's amazing. 10/10
,Recommended,268130,35353640,Posted: 30 September,all,_Waffles_,"Holy Moly have i got a review for you!!! This game, Heat Signature, is by far one of the greatest top down strategy games I've played in a long time. Starting off, its space theme and lovely graphics made this game stand out. Upon further investigation, I was convinced that this was definitely a unique game with great mechanics. I've heard a few complaints about the grind, but it seems so simple that I don't feel any sense of repitition. Secondly, I love the character mechanics. The ability to rescue character you've lost, along with some of your friends' characters, is truly facinating. Lastly, the permadeath and retirement features are nothing new, but fit right in in this space strategy. Controls are easy, missions are heartbreakingly fun, and it is overall an amazing game. If the developers keep up the game with new features, this game will flourish."
76561198119507852,Recommended,268130,35353310,Posted: 30 September,all,Aggravated Peasant,"I think I'm addicted. I keep returning, even after rage quits, and now that is something I don't often do."
,Recommended,268130,35349707,Posted: 30 September,all,Samwise Gamgee,"Genuinley great rogue light game. Maybe becomes a little repetitive after a while, but definatley worth it at the price point."
76561198005879531,Recommended,268130,35349445,Posted: 30 September,all,LHR Bad Karma 6,Yes
,Recommended,268130,35351174,Posted: 30 September,all,StormCTRH,"Very fun! Multiple character slots allow for you to keep 1 or 2 characters for doing those hardcore missions with all your best gear, and use the rest for advancing the story. Fun gameplay thats similar to Hotline Miami but no where near as difficult. Easy to pick up and enjoy."
,Recommended,268130,35352583,Posted: 30 September,all,.exe,One of the most polished and addictive games that I've ever played.
,Recommended,268130,35232517,Posted: 26 September,all,metrazol,"""It's the feeling, you see? Being out there, in deep space, just... floating in your pod, waiting for your target to fly past. Dropping in behind them, sliding up to the air lock, then bursting into the ship like an orca bursting through the ice. You wouldn't know about that, though, would you? It's just old stuff, ancient animals you don't see out here. I'm like them, I do this, get this, handle that. That's what I do. And it feels gooooood.""Also summoning 20 armored Glitcher guards onto yourself just as your concussion grenade goes off is pretty choice."
76561198099288465,Recommended,268130,35232266,Posted: 26 September,all,stuartfsamuel,"Three hours in, really enjoying it. Participated in the beta, and while I liked the premise, felt clumsy and confused, like I couldn't get the hang of the controls, or what I should be doing. Getting to a point now where I can improvise and enjoy it."
,Recommended,268130,35168858,Posted: 23 September,all,combatperson,"A summary of this game is that you screw up, then have to find a way out of screwing up. Also you fly in ships and kill people and stuff. Then you get cool gadets that allow you to teleport, copy keys, hack sentries, etc. Now you can do awesome things like killing people by making them shoot themselves using a swapper, teleport them into space, sneak up on them and kill them using a stealth sheild, and a lot of other cool things.Edit: So I continued to play the game, and I have a cool story for you. So I was trying to break into a ship, and send it crashing into a stronghold. I ended up triggering a few enemies and getting thrown out a couple of times, but it was no issue as I had a ship that negated the effects of getting thrown out. So I was supposed to get the pilot and change the course of the ship, but because I was thrown out right after I knocked out the pilot, all the guards were hanging out at the bridge, waiting for someone. I waited a while but was unsure what to do. Then, I had a brilliant idea! I would lead the guards away then teleport into the bridge! So I led the guards to another room, then proceeded to teleport to the bridge... but some guards saw me and called the alarm. I had just enough time to change the course. I was thrown out, but as the a counter appeared over the ship, I was certain that I lost the mission. However, the dumb guards didn't know how to pilot a ship, and my mission was accomplished. Just an example of how fun and challenging this game can be"
,Recommended,268130,35231670,Posted: 26 September,all,haha funny man,"Quality game, lots of replayability, slick mechanics, good devs."
,Recommended,268130,35229718,Posted: 26 September,all,Rosengrantz,"Think rogue-like by way of Hotline Miami, in space."
,Recommended,268130,35228709,Posted: 26 September,all,BlindDemon,"Another minimalistic and awesome game from Tom Francis and friends,really fun and clever,great dialogue,amazing music,beautiful graphics and it's inexpensive so get it now and have fun."
,Recommended,268130,35230445,Posted: 26 September,all,Prezza,"I've only played 1.5 hours so far but this game has that feel of Gunpoint. A bit chaotic at times but gives you the tools to do accidental cool things. Already trying the Glitch Trap last night has me excited to try all the other toys. I'd say if you're a fan of Gunpoint, this game will be right down your alley."
,Recommended,268130,35230570,Posted: 26 September,all,Tarn,"(ASIDE: I have an odd, desperate urge for someone to mod this into a game set in The Expanse universe)Heat Signature managed that rare thing: a procedural game with character and wit. It hits a sweet spot whereby it can be enjoyed by relatively casual gamers such as myself while also having evidently high challenge options for mroe hardcorep players.Although operating in quite a different way, the procedural, interconnected nature of the player characters and their generated motivations feels reminiscent of Shadow of Mordor's semi-procedural enemies. It succeeds in imbuing the world with a greater sense of depth and investment.That the mechanics are exquisitely interlocking helps.Also, the simplicity of the game's spacey bits doesn't stop it from feeling MORE SPACEY then a lot of space simulators. It captures the feel of ship-to-ship shennanigans perfectly."
76561197971485898,Recommended,268130,35230575,Posted: 26 September,all,warrenwc,"Amazingly inventive. Heat Signature gives you a box of toys and missions, then turns you loose to invade other peoples space ships and kill, steal, kidnap or rescue.Great sense of humor & accidental death is usually funny instead of frustrating.I'm playing when I should be doing other things. Absolutely buy this."
76561198024977156,Recommended,268130,35230674,Posted: 26 September,all,Egan_BW,"So much teleporting and whacking and speeding and shooting and hacking and smashing and exploding and defenestrating. Very recommended, 'specially if you like going fast and hitting people with wrenches/swords/knives/bullets/grenades/vacuum.Also remember that subverters can unlock doors! Very useful!"
76561198008051426,Recommended,268130,35230928,Posted: 26 September,all,JeffCole,"I already liked the 'out of the box' thinking thats possible in Gunpoint and now in Heat Signature the possibilities are amplified by various gadgets:You can either go in guns blazing and shoot up whole spaceships. Or you sneak around, taking out one guard after another. But it's just as well possible to stay unseen, not harming anyone. It's simply up to the player - you can even kill everyone during a bloodless mission, if you don't mind getting payed less."
,Recommended,268130,35231387,Posted: 26 September,all,Amplificat,"A brilliant space-based game that is never the same, and you always have to come up with new ways to achieve your objective."
76561198046624037,Recommended,268130,35212302,Posted: 25 September,all,Amazingzmyster,Activated a Slipstream device (Stretches 1 second into ten) and proceeded to use 2 longblades and a shortblade to kill probably ~8 or so guards in the blink of an eye.10/10 would fail acapturemission again.
76561198038467244,Recommended,268130,35231150,Posted: 26 September,all,livewarePr0blem,This game is so much fun!The deft balance between challange and player capabilities is a dynamo of acutely hightened moments. The game carries a sense of feeling both languidly tactile and utterly immediate. The thrill of attempting alternative strategies in response to set-backs means that making mistakes in Heat Signature is far more exciting and rewarding than succeeding at other games.Thanks for making superb games everybody!
76561198059017665,Recommended,268130,35231426,Posted: 26 September,all,Droid215,"I was hoping for something more along the lines of Gunpoint, however this game gave me a love for games similar to Hotline Miami. Overall it's like they took Hotline Miami, and mixed it with FTL to make some beautiful mutant baby. This game is a diamond in the rough."
,Recommended,268130,35230293,Posted: 26 September,all,Joseph32,"It's been less than a week since release and I have 25 hours logged on this game, so it's pretty freaking fun. Lots of satisfying mechanics, as well as room to improvise. On my latest mission, I took five Visitor teleporters - which teleport you to a place for only two seconds - used them all in a row, jumping into every group of guards on the ship before arriving next to my target and shooting him. I'm not sure how, but once all the Visitors had resolved I was right next to a window, so I threw myself out of it and got my pod to pick me up. Cleanest mission I've done, except for the copious witnesses and alarms.Performance-wise, if the game's been running for more than 2 or 3 consecutive hours on an older system (4 GB ram, Intel HD 3000 graphics), the framerate slows down slowly but continuously. On restarting the game, the framerate is back to normal. That's the only problem I've encountered - very well optimised, especially for Gamemaker."
76561197970594868,Recommended,268130,35230354,Posted: 26 September,all,Rob den Dekker,"Having thoroughly enjoyed Gunpoint, I've been following the development of Heat Signature since it was announced and it certainly doesn't disappoint! It's just great fun to attach yourself to a ship and use all of the gadgets at your disposal to cope with whatever the game throws at you. Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,268130,35237087,Posted: 27 September,all,Plumberduck,"The beauty of Tom Francis' games is that they mold you into approaching games the way he does: a constant push for unconventional strategies, weird tactics, and stupidly audacious moves that shouldn't work, but do. Heat Signature encourages you to be your smartest, craziest self, whether you're blowing yourself out of airlocks, tricking guards into shooting themselves, or executing elaborate teleporter sequences that bounce you all over the ship in the space of seconds. It makes you feel, ever so briefly, like a genius. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,268130,35236949,Posted: 26 September,all,directorguy7,That scene from Guardians of the Galaxy 2 where that blue guy goes ham on everyone. That's this game. Over and over. Buy this game. Holy crap.
,Recommended,268130,35236563,Posted: 26 September,all,Chef Baka,It's hotline miami in space but actualy better
76561198022415153,Recommended,268130,35119415,Posted: 21 September,all,invaderzim48,">break in>quickly locate pilot's chair>round corner&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥ guards have turrets set up>think>rush out misfire shotgun>shotgun hits window sucks the guards out into space>planallalong.jpg>at intel room>intel room has a level 5 lock&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥>here comes backup>♥♥♥♥♥hit♥♥♥♥♥hit♥♥♥♥♥hit>""Who the ♥♥♥♥ are you?"">""Conway, shotgun enthusiast."""
,Recommended,268130,35113779,Posted: 21 September,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
76561198059222243,Recommended,268130,35119477,Posted: 21 September,all,carrot709,"Fantastic!Thx Tom Francis!Great Game, rewards planning and spontaneous choice.Mission Assassanation: Medium Difficulty, guards have heat sensors and glitch teleport.I get their, look around, No prob, I've got this. Run in knock out some guards, loot a chest! Then onto the captain, now I have control of the ship all I have to do is kill my target. I knock them out. hmm, their not dead, ok. New plan take them to a explosive barrel thing and shoot it, got it. The ship had of course continued on its way, near an enemy station, which starts blowing it to bits around me, ook, problem? not a problem, run into a room thats about to be blown away, drop target, break window get blown into space. Sweet, errr pod has of course been blown off and is many parsecs away, ... still not a problem, remote ship back to me with 7 seconds to spare, Mission Comple, Perrfect run!"
76561197981316357,Recommended,268130,35123256,Posted: 22 September,all,Johnny Histone,"Great game - the procedural stories work really well and it plays brilliantly. Getting out of difficult situations is immensely satisfying, especially when they arise from your own mistakes. Looks gorgeous and the music is great as well. Would highly recommend."
76561197963664525,Recommended,268130,35131582,Posted: 22 September,all,Terkala,This is the new Binding of Isaac. It's a great puzzle/action game with an excellent mix of fast pace and thoughtful.
76561198011442791,Recommended,268130,35227811,Posted: 26 September,all,Zaborik,Very satisfying game play and a good enabeling structure.
,Recommended,268130,35229328,Posted: 26 September,all,TheFailMan,"I've waited for this game for 3,5 years, following it's entire development since conception, and yet it managed to surpass all my expectations."
76561197992281204,Recommended,268130,35229336,Posted: 26 September,all,JackHavoc,"What a magnificent slew of mechanics. Good show, Tom. Good show."
,Recommended,268130,35232741,Posted: 26 September,all,GamesFinkel,"Only things missing from this game are some more sily achievements...Achievements such as:First Try: Boarded ship after bumping into it at least 50 times???: Knocked yourself unconscious after clearing an enemy shipCastaways: Left an enemy ship after taking out the pilotIn all seriousness though, Heat Signature is a very entertaining game. Gameplay is fast paced but memorable. Very easy to sit down and play one mission or thirty."
,Recommended,268130,35233062,Posted: 26 September,all,▄█ Carbon █▄,"Heat Signature is a mix between the ""PAUSE! Think..."" mentality of FTL and the adrenaline-fueled ""AAAAHH"" mentality of Hotline Miami. It manages to create a perfect balance in between the two, having enough depth, complexity, and strategy to cover the FTL aspect while also putting you into nerve-wracking tough situations, making you feel like a badass, and guaranteeing that you will die a LOT for the Hotline Miami side. The random ship generation is natural and well-done, and puts you into different scenarios every mission, even if you have the same equipment. Definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,268130,35233518,Posted: 26 September,all,milokp,"Aww heck yes. this is worth playing. Better than a wrench to the face and being thrown out an airlock!(Seriously, playable and fun)"
76561198126504494,Recommended,268130,35232615,Posted: 26 September,all,panasane,"On the meme to dream scale I would put this game on the very good mark. The game is pretty gr8 but it would be nice if there where more places to go other than small space stations and enemy ships. More mission variety would be nice as well (Doing something other than capturing a dude, rescuing a dude, killing a dude, and hijacking a ship, with different modifiers).Bassically this game would really be a lot better if it had more stuff (lol idk I'm bad at reviews).Also damn can there please be more in-depth audio settings so I dont get my ears blown out? PLEASE"
,Recommended,268130,35232743,Posted: 26 September,all,dayman,g8rate gameluv it
,Recommended,268130,35233234,Posted: 26 September,all,Clicktman,"I'll be the 700th person to say, Hotline Miami meets FTL in a beautiful mix of hectic moments and a sort of puzzle element. If there wasn't a ""how do I get myself out of this tricky situation that I put myself in by trying to get out of a previous tricky situation"" simulator before, there is now. I haven't even played a lot of this game, but just from this hour of it, I know it's one of the best games if not the best game of 2017."
,Recommended,268130,35232820,Posted: 26 September,all,The Eye of Brows,"It's exacly as described in the store page, and exacly as good as you think it sounds (however good that is).I'm really engaged."
,Recommended,268130,35233767,Posted: 26 September,all,meltypixel,"Fly through space. Sneak onto spaceships. Do really cool stuff. Mess up all your plans horribly. Manage to just barely pull off the mission in the most unexpected, awesome way. Repeat.I love this game."
76561198097027100,Recommended,268130,35233606,Posted: 26 September,all,McChicken,it is good game. i want the lil
,Recommended,268130,35234302,Posted: 26 September,all,x2_TailedFox_98,"Amazing game that keeps me playing it. As you can see, I have 20+ hours on the game already when it only came out about 2 days ago. This is probably one of the best Indie games that I have ever played in my own personal opinion. If you're looking for an interesting and simple Rogue-Like RPG, this is probably the game you're looking for."
,Recommended,268130,35233796,Posted: 26 September,all,CrystalDave,"First, it's a game about hitting people out of windows with wrenches... but inspace.(Which is to say, if you liked Gunpoint, the developer's previous hit, you should like this)Then it's a game about finding yourself in unfortunate circumstances(probably of your own making)and coming up with a bold escape plan while time is paused, only to see how your plan had unintended consequences which you must now scramble to deal with (Think Teleglitch-ish gameplay & visual cues, with FTL-like level design).Then it's a game where you tell friends about the cool things which happened, some of which involving their characters or weapons. (It's not a game with a strongly defined story, it's a procedurally generated setup which has you making stories out of the sandbox you find yourself in)Then finally, it's a game about hitting people out of windows with wrenches, in space. (But this time your wrench is fancy and you bank-shot the guard into other guards first)"
,Recommended,268130,35235531,Posted: 26 September,all,BrianGTFO,"Great game, spent a solid few nights since purchase playing it and am still loving it. The more impressive things I have managed to do with trying things out is take out and entire ship as one man, weilding six different guns and a massive hammer, making as much noise as I can to help put as much fear into them as I can, all without killing a single one of them..Aside for Frank..He flew out a window..."
76561198074225615,Recommended,268130,35235539,Posted: 26 September,all,BrightHarp,"Heat Signature captures very well the idea of emergent gameplay, of setting rules and boundaries and watching as I accidentally blow myself out into space trying to murder someone quietly.  The gameplay itself is fun and tense, with a surprisingly balanced progression system, mainly centered around items a little more consistently for a strong start.What I like best, though, is the way the game frames your learning through experimenting and adapting.  I got a breach grenade launcher for the first time, finally giving me the ability to destroy chunks of the spacecraft I was in.  I saw a group and killed both them and the guards in the next room who were sucked out by the vacuum.  That's when I realized one of those guards had a keycard I needed to move forward in the ship.  And that's when I realized the full capabilities of the teleporter I had just picked up.  I'm forced to learn from my mistakes while running through ships and trying to pilot them away before another ship destroys them.  I'm forced to learn from watching my character die a slow death in space because I suck at piloting my pod.  This is a smart game, and I love the ways I'm stupid in it."
,Recommended,268130,35216532,Posted: 25 September,all,SomeoneWeird,This is amazing
,Recommended,268130,35215891,Posted: 25 September,all,xpinchx,"I love love LOVE this game. Hotline Miami meets FTL meets Gunpoint. The premise is quite simple but it really shines when you're forced to run a difficult mission with sub-optimal gear and get creative. This game absolutely rewards outside-the-box thinking and there's plenty of replayability with randomly generated galaxies, missions, loot, etc. Well worth the price of admission."
76561198027338573,Recommended,268130,35237516,Posted: 27 September,all,The Name With No Man,"Lying there on the ground, with 8 seconds till the ship was captured I accepted my fate. I thought of moments prior when, thinking I'd got past this massive group of 6 glitch dashing guards, and subverting the turret at my head they saw me. My target to assassinate right on the other side of a door just meters from my collapsed body and now all 6 guards plus a couple more for good measure were headed to escort me to the entrance.What's this? The subverted turret has turned and is killing them off. Pop. A guard goes down. I may just survive this encounter. Pop. Another one. Wait... is that - my target is coming in for a piece of the action. Pop. Mission complete! Return to your ship. I come to and have 4 seconds left till capture. Luckily for me the exit is in the same section of the ship.SidewinderSidewinderSidewinderI escape the ship with a second to spare. Easy.THIS GAME IS PRETTY GOOD"
76561198028507988,Recommended,268130,35235938,Posted: 26 September,all,antifinity,Brilliant.
,Recommended,268130,35235949,Posted: 26 September,all,mithos56,"I initially found some frustration with this game, as easy and medium missions are very easy, while hard missions are very difficult, and the sharp curve was off putting.   Early game hard missions would often put me in unwinnable situation, such as sending me against groups of armored guards, with no armor piercing weapons, and very limited use gadgets that can't last the entire mission.As I unlocked more bases, and got upgrades, the hard missions have become more interesting, and the game is really starting to come into its own.  There are certainly still some missions that are unwinnable that pop up every now and again, but its more manageable.This really is a great game if you can make it through those first few hours, where it might be a bit tough."
,Recommended,268130,35238050,Posted: 27 September,all,Mob,"I have been playing video games for something like 20 years and there honestly never was one that immediately gripped me in the way Heat Signature did. It is super easy to jump into and understand but gets more difficult pretty fast. But it's the good kind of difficulty that suits the game so very well as it leads you into putting yourself into impossible situations while also presenting you with the tools to actually make getting out alive possible. I am not the first to say it, but it's Hotline Miami meets Faster Than Light meets XCOM. In the best possible way. I will keep it short actually: This game is so very good. Buy it and play it!"
,Recommended,268130,35236608,Posted: 26 September,all,Chris Algoo,It's FANTASTIC.
,Recommended,268130,35236262,Posted: 26 September,all,Micblayo,"I think it's a decent game for the price, but if it was any more expensive it would be a bad deal. There really isn't that much content - mainly because of the permadeath and rapidly increasing difficulty.They put you in these exciting situations and then suddenly take it all away, and it's really disorienting. Every time your character is shot, you lose some health, and you can't get it back. This means you have to start over eventually. Also, over time your character has less of an impact on the world - it's like they want you to die, even though it's by far the most boring part of the game. It's really annoying because it makes you not want to experiment - which seems like the whole point of the game.In other words, it's a huge missed opportunity and doesn't have that much replay value. It's still fun if you want something quick though."
,Recommended,268130,35236302,Posted: 26 September,all,Epsius,"Great game with a ton of options. Quick, fun gameplay for people who don't have too much time for games."
,Recommended,268130,35236434,Posted: 26 September,all,CoffeeSpoon,"8/10 - Hotline Miami meets FTL, in space."
,Recommended,268130,35236526,Posted: 26 September,all,Leech,So many amazing situations! So many feel good moments! This is gaming like I remember it with so much more on top! Thank you for this gift of fun in greedy AAA times!
,Recommended,268130,35236450,Posted: 26 September,all,fuck my ass u faggot,Fast pacedGood art styleGadgets REALLY mix things upChallenging (one hit death)RewardingAddictingStimulatingRefreshingGod I love breaking into enemy ships just to die instantly
,Recommended,268130,35235979,Posted: 26 September,all,IFcoltransG,"I loved the crazy situations and even madder strategies they demanded. No time pressure is a major help. I know that most games have a pause menu, but this one doesn't take you out of the game to pause. You can plan how to escape from a ship in two seconds, or capture someone in armour using a gun and a grenade. (In both those cases, the answer was ""window"" for some reason.) Heat Signature offers a lot of choice regarding difficulty and playstyle, and encouraged me to leave my comfort zone. Heartily recommended."
76561198048240257,Recommended,268130,35236457,Posted: 26 September,all,Ceiling Fan,It's like space in Hotline Miami or somethingit's pretty great though
76561198061094987,Recommended,268130,35238097,Posted: 27 September,all,liamjdoan,Hotline Miami + FTL
,Recommended,268130,35226919,Posted: 26 September,all,awkner,"It's just pure, unadultered fun. And the best you get at problem-solving and being resourceful, the more you can get out of the game. It's pure bliss accepting a mission you're absolutely NOT prepared for, going anyway, and figuring out how you'll actually accomplish it when you get there.Also, the game gave me a character called Lady Voidborn.Lady Voidborn completed a LOT of missions. Well known throughout the galaxy. She had a Restockable Remote Grenade Launcher, which she used to liberate two or three space stations...When it was finally time to retire her, I passed along that weapon, naming it ""Lady Voidborn's Liberator"".A lot of characters later, I found that weapon again, with a newbie. Man did I feel like I was actually holding a legendary weapon from a legendary mercenary."
,Recommended,268130,35226391,Posted: 26 September,all,Eldridge Misnomer,"Love it.Great for dipping in and thinking 'hmmm, yes I think I can take on those guards with shields and armour'; whistling through an enormous spaceship dodging turrets and patrols, zapping keycards out of guards hands', slinking past them, stealth-shield up; arriving at the objective only to discover you've got nothing non-lethal on you to knock the guy you're supposed to kidnap out; running back to those guards you snuck past, crashing their shields, shotgunning them in the face hoping desperately they'll drop a wrench or a riot gun, but no, nothing; remembering you can throw things at people, maybe that'll knock him out; running back to the guy, chuck three battery-less gadgets at him but he's impervious, the last gadget bounces off the wall, hits the bomb suspiciously placed in the middle of the room, blowing you both to kingdom come.That was one sub five minute run."
,Recommended,268130,35194354,Posted: 24 September,all,DoubleW,"I cannot recommend this game enough. It perfectly balances power-fantasy with nail-biting tension.I'd like to post my most recent mini-story (as that is the point of the game, all the stories you create):Journey Sagitta, professional assassin known for blinding speed and deadly precision, has retired. Sagitta left behind his favorite slipstream. It was a rechargable high-capacity model that proved invaluable on nearly every mission. New to the space pirate career, we have the young and ambitious Catch Vision. Her father told her stories about the legenday Sagitta, and Catch (thinking it would make him proud) dedicated herself to becoming the next great assassin. She filled out countless contracts, killed without mercy, and was about to finished her personal contract when the ship she had boarded flew into a Sovereign spaceport. Captured. She feared it was over. Who would rescue her - a murderer? For days - weeks - she was alone on Sovereign transport ships. On one mostly normal day, Catch heard the familiar sound of a teleporter, something she has used many times herself. ""It could be a glitcher raid,"" she thought of the different possibilities, ""or a space pirate, or-."" Something that had not crossed her mind was her own father, Carbon Vision, in his old age, single-handedly clearing out an entire Sovereign ship to save her. ""But how?"" she asked, ""How did you know how to find me?""""It's not my first time in space, dear."" He grinned, ""plus, my old friend Sagitta gave me a hand."" He holds up Journey Sagitta's Slipstream and tosses it to her. ""Now let's get out of here.""Back at home on one of the spaceports, Catch shows her father the Orion device. ""I don't know what this does, but I knows what it's worth: enough for both of us to live safely."" Catch and Carbon enter retirement and become legends of their own. Carbon passes down his finely crafted Self-Charging extreme-range swapper, and Catch, her rechargable extreme-range sidewinder. Together, they liberated 8 spaceports (including the Sovereign stronghold) and killed ~200 Sovereign.TL;DR - Father rescues daughter, killed a lot of Sovereign, became legends."
,Recommended,268130,35193694,Posted: 24 September,all,SmurfHunter,"Wow, I saw gameplay and thought this would be sweet but playing it is a lot more fun than I expected. Fantastic game, if you like the metal gear series or FTL you've got to give this one a go."
,Recommended,268130,35192352,Posted: 24 September,all,Mao,Amazing game had to throw my money at the devs i even loved their last game couldnt wait to buy this one all its missing is mod support
,Recommended,268130,35200991,Posted: 25 September,all,Gapster 77,"If you like FTL and/or Duskers, you'll like this, this game feels to me like it's love child, A Rogue-Like Pausable RTSI've only presently played for 2.5hrs, but it's really good, and I can tell I'll be playing it alot more, probably mainly as a Pick up and Play filler between main interests.You are an infiltrator, flying your ship to target vessels and clamping on to their hulls limpet fashion. You enter covertly and proceed to fulfill your contracted objective, be it assassination, stealing equipment or rescuing individuals. You get in and get out, and in most cases you leave the target ship and all its crew dead in doing so, floating out into the abyss. Contracts are rated by difficulty, and are very quickly played through. You dont rank your character with XP, instead you become more capable through the loot gained on previous missions, or loot purchased within a freindly space station. The Harder the contract the more pay. To make things more interesting each character has a back story, with a long term personal objective, such as carrying out a Revenge Killing, and the information you need to get closer to achieving this long term goal is expensive, and you start of practicaly broke ...so this adds to the flavour of the game by giving your character purpose throughout your play through. In my total time of 2.5hrs I have gone through 4 characters and have lost them all!   :(    If your character is captured you can even find his old partner as a playable character, who's long term goal is to rescue his incarcerated capadre, and by doing so lets you pick up where you left off! You can retire characters, I guess you do so anytime after they have achieved their personal goal, and in doing so you are making them a historical legend, to be compared with others (high score?).This game is great! Easy to Pick up and Put down, yet a lot of depth to be found within, a really good Indie game for long or short duration play."
,Recommended,268130,35203947,Posted: 25 September,all,DeliciousPants,"Hotline Miami meets spaceship hijacking simulator. This is a really fun game.The combat is quick and fluid, and defeating enemies with the ridiculous amount of items available is incredibly satisfying."
76561198010211320,Recommended,268130,35197731,Posted: 24 September,all,CursedNobleman,"A multifaceted roguelike with player chosen difficulty. Tactics can very from perfect stealth, to murdering stealth, to grind it out combat, to demolition.The overarching postrun growth adds to the addiction factor, though character arcs can be brief and satisfying.Just one more level."
,Recommended,268130,35198079,Posted: 25 September,all,Ace Allen,"A fun game to go THIS SHIP EMPTY then shoot out a window, saying YEET, then flying out into space.In all seriousness in the about this game, there is not a whole lot to do other then break into ships to do break into ships crimes, it's a simple concept but that is the reason why it's a good game. If you want to think and plan things out by pausing, this is a good game. Perfect for anyone who might have bad reaction times to danger and problems."
,Recommended,268130,35197343,Posted: 24 September,all,OniKai,"I don't have a clip sadly, but I was doing a mission with the glitcher trap and swapper, I accidently threw too many guards into space, so I couldn't swap through the walls with the person I was saving, so I glitcher trapped my target out into space swapped places with it and picked myselft up, landed back on the ship tricked a guard into following me and swapped with the prisoner, then with him, then walking my prisoner to my ship with ease, of course this was before I realised I could of blown us both out an air-lock and picked us both up in the ship... -_-Either way it's an example of how much fun this game can be and how varied the solutions can be, another time I had 7 seconds left, and no exits near my objective, stole the painting slip streamed to a window creating more time and through my wrench through the glass just in time to be catapulted past the station as the ship landed in a split second, felt like space bond. xDAlso nothing makes you feel more bad♥♥♥♥♥than a slip stream and two swords, carving up 7 guards while they try figure out where you are as you dance around them like Alucard taking heads lol."
76561198022115552,Recommended,268130,35197246,Posted: 24 September,all,Lel,"I love this game!At first it didn't click with me, and I quit out. But I tried again, this time using gadgets to help with the trickier fights, and I haven't looked back since.I want to say something actually useful though, so I'll compare it to Invisible Inc, which I didn't like nearly so much. In that game I felt restricted and often at the mercy of chance, while here I'm free to use a 10 second super speed item, hit five guys out with a wrench, realise there was a turrent in the room and get knocked out, then watch as an annoyed guard tosses me out an airlock. But its ok, because I'll be back in a minute..."
,Recommended,268130,35196770,Posted: 24 September,all,MrHanMan,"I've accidentally stayed up to 2 AM twice playing this game, and I've only had it two days.  It's very addicting.  I see a lot of comparisons to Hotline Miami, and there are similarities, but I was more reminded of Suspicious Development's previous game, Gunpoint.  Hotline Miami didn't keep my attention nearly as well as this has.  The variety of game play is astounding.  Sometimes I want to be all sneaky-sneaky, and sometimes I want to fly in guns and gadgets blazing.  The game really shines when you just screw around with whatever gear you find and see how crazy you can get with it.  There isn't much story aside from the ones you create as you play, which I find works really well.  I love talking to my friends about the insane adventures we've had breaking into ships.  I expect to put many more hours into this, liberating the galaxy."
,Recommended,268130,35122661,Posted: 22 September,all,Gothicer,"I'll be honest, I've been waiting for this game for years but after watching some of the recent videos I was worried it would be too easy. And at the start it was, at least for me. I was enjoying it, but the slow start had me worried. But then I started unlocking new difficulties and requirements for missions. And THEN I looked at the achievements and realized just how many ways of doing things there actually are. There's also a system that lets you interact with your friend's characters and potentially find their items, somehow, but I don't quite know how that works yet.As well as that, there's a random generated galaxy for you to take over, and you unlock more shop items by doing so. There's also different types of space pods, it seems, but I've only unlocked one new one so far so I don't know how different they all are.tl;dr: I think it's safe to say this is the only game where you can decide the best way to capture your target alive is to shoot out a window and suck you both into space so that you fly straight into your space pod that you parked outside it... Only to come to realize you hadn't aligned it properly, and your target is now flying out into the void while you drop all your spaghetti trying to pick them up safely."
76561198004480556,Recommended,268130,35202056,Posted: 25 September,all,SIXK,Its just a really fun game
76561198151824058,Recommended,268130,35227681,Posted: 26 September,all,george.montgomery,Genuinely the best game I have on my account.Tom Francis is a game designing genius and this is his best yet.Everything from docking with a ship to knocking someone out with a wrench is so satisfying.I wholehartedly recommend this game to anyone and everyone because this game will always need more attention than it has.
76561198025907675,Recommended,268130,35227484,Posted: 26 September,all,BrahGold,A great game of creatively and haphazardly making your way through dangerous ships. Perfectly delivers on what it does.
76561197989446634,Recommended,268130,35227362,Posted: 26 September,all,The Grey Wizard,"If Hotline Miami met Superhot. It's no wonder the title is Heat Signature.A heady and thematic concoction of punky, grimy rebellion and the seedy underbelly of a space opera, with prominent notes of bedlam and intensity.Play as one among a number of down-on-their-luck mercenaries and space upstarts, looking to make enough scratch to fund their personal vendetta and goals. Die, or get captured? There's always another poor soul looking to make it big, or make it out.Top down movement, mouse to aim; missions have a variety of parameters for success, and failure states, but each involves docking on a moving ship of some description and capturing/stealing/assassinating/disabling. Pausing is the name of the game, as without it events unfold rather quickly (and often fatally.)Emergent gameplay. You'll get yourself into and (hopefully) out of impossible situations using a mixture of guile, finesse, and the occasional hapless idiocy."
,Recommended,268130,35227442,Posted: 26 September,all,coil780,"""Hotline Miami in the ships from FTL with the pause mechanic from Transistor."" -- not my words, but a solid nutshell description of what to expect from Heat Signature.I'd put Heat Signature firmly in the Roguelite bucket - your inventory, loot, missions, and targets are all procedurally generated, but it does a great job of letting you play a roguelike in a larger metagame that still retains and rewards your progress.When you first start playing Heat Signature, it can feel a little plain. You have your silent melee attacks, your loud ranged attacks, and maybe a Key Cloner to help you get through locked doors. Your primary goal on a given ship is often just to find and murder (ok, or knock out) the Pilot so that damn alarm will go off. You may spend a good chunk of time in space, remote-controlling your pod to come rescue you after some goon tossed you out an airlock. You learn the value of the Offworld Angel custom pod.The middle of the game gets weird and a little challenging -- you find tools like Swappers and Subverters and you're not sure quite how to use them. Guards start showing up with personal shields and heat sensors and teleporters - not to mention there are four or five of them in one room. It's here, though, that one of the persistent-progress mechanics comes in super handy: Liberations and their accompanying Defector Missions. These are one-off, retryable missions that task you with accomplishing an objective in a large, well-populated ship with a very limited set of equipment. When you start a map with nothing but a shortblade and a self-recharging Visitor, things get interesting and you learn a whole lot very quickly.And that leads you into the end game, where I'm just arriving. The first time you unlock one of your four mercenaries' personal missions, there's a good chance you won't be ready for it - you won't have the gear, or the experience, or simply the confidence to take it on. So you switch to a new merc and do it again - liberating more stations, unlocking new items at the shop, and learning more about how the game works and what you can get away with. You figure out guard behavior. You're swapping equipment mid-fight to maximize your moment-to-moment effectiveness. You learn that sometimes, blowing out a window or blowing up a compartment is something to do intentionally, not just by accident.And maybe, just maybe, you'll finally rescue your idiot partner who got captured by Sovereign in your first hour of playing."
76561198068197137,Recommended,268130,35227704,Posted: 26 September,all,InfiniteAKA,"Let's talk about Heat Signature. Even after beating the game, I still want to try again. From the first moment of smacking somebody's head with a Wrench to kamikazing a Stronghold with a siege ship, this game has been truly fun and tense. Who knew blowing guards out of a ship was so satisfying? I've felt truly happy when my plans work- and when it doesn't, all the same when I manage to pull off the mission. Also fun- hijacking and destroying parts of starships to add onto the Heat Signature Wiki. (See the ""How to Play Guide"").Quite literally the day it came out, I watched the trailer and brought the game. It is well worth the $14, especially with the possibility of some updates.As I begin a new galaxy, I eagerly hope for what's beyond.Quick things I hope from this game in future updates:1) More maneuverability with starships. Is it possible to add brakes to a starship, like in the pod, and change the missiles to a different key?2) Starship damage. If a room has enough damage dealt to it (gunshots, explosives, etc.), could it breach?3) Space phenomena? Would it be possible to add stars, black holes, etc?"
76561198025429361,Recommended,268130,35226730,Posted: 26 September,all,Broken Orange,"A stealth Hotline Miami in space where you fly what is essentially a tick to hijack/steal from/murder folks on randomly generated space craft with a bunch of gadgets.Once you learn the mechanics, game gets a little too easy and the missions get a little too samey, but by the time you get to that point, you would have gotten your money's worth by then."
,Recommended,268130,35226181,Posted: 26 September,all,SacredSnowhawk,"This game is very enjoyable, whether in short bursts or for a couple of hours at a time. It's probably not for everyone, but as a roguelikelike(?) goes it does a lot of things well. You can get to a reasonably competent level pretty quickly, but there's plenty of room to challenge yourself within the game as well as through self-imposed limitations.Special mention also to the incidental dialogue, which is hilarious.Great game, would scream a battle cry while avenging my wife's murder by thrusting a longblade into an armoured officer's chest and teleporting away again."
76561198067371355,Recommended,268130,35226216,Posted: 26 September,all,Yuu-kun,"Complete dangerous space rescues by slowing time to a crawl to perform a series of rapid-fire teleports past overwhelming numbers of heavily armed, space-distorting, bullet-immune, exploding shotgun guards and turrets then throwing yourself and your target out the window to remote control your spacecraft for the pickup.Then accidentally fly straight past your target and cry as they asphixiate in the vacuum of space.10/10"
,Recommended,268130,35227109,Posted: 26 September,all,MOOMANiBE,"Brilliant core gameplay with lots of room for expansion in the future. Took me about 12 hours to beat my first galaxy, already started a 2nd playthru. Hoping for some DLC soon!"
,Recommended,268130,35226885,Posted: 26 September,all,The Good Doctor @rAge2017,I made a boo boo half way through the ship with 45s on the alarm. Swapped with 4 people to put the piolet out the chair to stop the alarm. 10/10 would swop and slaughter again.
76561198004947159,Recommended,268130,35226500,Posted: 26 September,all,Carlson And Peeters,"Heat Signature has been a fantastic experience so far. You really can approach an objective from any angle, and the game actively encourages experimentation and diversity of playstyles. The stealth feels tense and rewarding, the action over the top and thrilling, the space travel a delicious wrapper around the whole package. Your character is powerful--very powerful--which feels super fun, but one small slip up and you're liable to be thrown out into space, so the game is not easy; its balanced perfectly I'd say. Optional mission criteria (like completing objectives without killing anyone) and the constant creation of new characters keeps the game from feeling too repetitive most of the time. My only complaint is on high-difficulty missions, they generally challenge you by having guards with lots of shields and ships with lots of turrets. So far I only know one way to counter these foes, and its more of a slog then giving me a thrilling choice of tools.But overall, I love this game. Great for a long play session or a quick pop-in to your space station. Plus, you can flee a space ship by shattering a window and hopping out into space. Or you can kill a target that way. Smashing windows is great."
,Recommended,268130,35226103,Posted: 26 September,all,[V101] Zach Wilson,Very clever indeed Mr Francis
,Recommended,268130,35226425,Posted: 26 September,all,Hateburn,"So fast paced, so stealthy, so satisfying.You won't regret this purchase.I sold pretty much everything in my Steam Inventory to get this.Completely worth it."
,Recommended,268130,35226460,Posted: 26 September,all,Bork Bork Bork,Knocked myself out with my own wrench and got thrown out the airlock. 10/10
76561198055428774,Recommended,268130,35355455,Posted: 30 September,all,Nibbles,"Like Gunpoint, FTL, and Hotline Miami all mixed into one.That might not be helpful so let me give a basic rundown. You are a merc, with a backstory only explained in a personal mission you need to complete. Only problem is, you need cash to get info for said mission. How do you earn cash? Well by taking other, smaller missions to rack up your bank account. These can range from hijacking a ship, to stealing tech off of it, to assasinating a target, and everything inbetween.The greater picture is that of a multi-faction war that you are attempting to muscle in on, and as you do missions, you gain the ability to liberate space stations. This can earn you weaponry, money, or just some cool spare missions to do.After all that, you gain enough cash to do your personal mission. Have the best kit you can think of. Man up, give your cash to the informant and get the location of the ship you need to assasinate/rescue someone from and go in head first.Only to be killed instantly by a turret/boss/gunman/explosion/missile/ and you have to work with a whole new character.Have fun!"
76561197982642389,Recommended,268130,35349765,Posted: 30 September,all,A.Rickman,"I picked up Heat Signature on release day after seeing it was made by the same team as Gunpoint. I logged about 15 hours in Gunpoint, picking it up every so often to play through in an afternoon, so I was excited for more from these devs. So far, I've been loving this game.Pros:Fluid gameplayLots of fun items to play with and combo togetherFantastic music and sound effectsA cool mix of progression / roguelite mechanics. The more you succede the easier it is to purchase items. Though you still start with little on new characters.Cons:Not quite as much focus on whitty banter in this one as Gunpoint. The humor is still there, certainly, but Gunpoint had it much more featured in the main part of the game.Guards are a little predictable in their behaviours. I would have loved to see a bit more put towards their neutral patrols on the ship before any alarms are raised.Overall, if you liked Gunpoint you'll enjoy this one. I've gotten about 11 hours out of this already, and I imagine it'll be a fun game to pick up and replay every so often.If you're on the fence about Heat Signature, and haven't played Gunpoint, go check out Gunpoint first. It's a bit cheaper, with somewhat similar feeling gameplay."
,Recommended,268130,35347307,Posted: 30 September,all,Purple Yoshi Egg,"Have you ever wanted Hotline Miami in space with more weapons, an inventory, and a free pause feature?  Have you ever wanted that, but with stealth gadgets and teleporters?  All that, as well as on board spaceships cruising through what may or may not be hostile space?Now you probably do.Seriously.  The controls feel great.  The pause feature makes you feel like a badass.  It's not the hardest game ever if you resort to cheesing the AI and picking them off one-by-one, but it's more about getting yourself out of stupid situations, like being surrounded by 6 guards, 2 shielded and 4 armor when you just have an armor piercing sword, armor piercing gun, a gadget that makes shields invert themselves, and a visitor teleporter.You could ditch guns and go with teleporters and two swords to feel like a space ninja.  You could use all wrenches and throw them at anyone.  You could even board with just a wrench and play only with the on-board gadgets and guns you find.It's a really fun, laid back game about being a badass in space.  The launch trailer doesn't hide anything and tells it exactly as it is."
,Recommended,268130,35390448,Posted: 1 October,all,Dolphin,10/10 would kill my long lost captured sister again.Really one of the better Indie games that came out in 2017.
,Recommended,268130,35389623,Posted: 1 October,all,zaHz,"Had a mission to capture a heavily armed guard alive and (relatively) un-harmed. Snuck through the ship until I found the dude then I used a massive hammer to knock him through a window out of his spaceship  and catch him in my waiting pod.10/10, would concussion hammer again."
76561197999296264,Recommended,268130,35391502,Posted: 1 October,all,FennecFort,"Amazing play value.  Still having so much fun after tons of missions.  Always finding new ways to finish missions, but my favorite has to be capturing a ship and then getting into a space battle with the target.There's so many possibilities here for expansions and such, but even as is, the game is still beautiful and perfect."
,Recommended,268130,35387781,Posted: 1 October,all,Polarbark,"Goooood sh*t right here! Hotline miami style combat in SPACE <3Travel, aiming, progression, visual clarity, aesthetics (for a 2d top down) are all amazing here.Lots of toys, too. Gadgets that compliment the combat style, lots of ways to outsmart the enemy (explosives + tactical pod placement, shooting folks outta airlocks, distraction, teleporting)Totally worth a grab! 0w0"
76561198118338397,Recommended,268130,35389781,Posted: 1 October,all,Papagenü,"Hotline Miami in space.If you find that shooting unsuspecting bad guys into space through an airlock/ broken window is hilarious, then this is the game for you.If you find that swapping places with a guard in slow-motion, resulting in him shooting himself in the back of the head is hilarious, then this is the game for you.If you enjoy having to think outside the box and have to be creative with how you secure loot/ assassinate or capture a target/ hijack a ship, then this is the game for you.A huge amount of different ways to approach each situation, from being sneaky enough to complete the objective without being noticed, ALL the way to smashing into the side of their ship at full speed to kill nearly everyone, including yourself, on-board."
76561198073354967,Recommended,268130,35388931,Posted: 1 October,all,AJHatter,"I've been waiting for a game like this for years. And this over delivered at less £ than I expected. This perfectly balanced, replayable, well produced gem delivers fun, quirkiness, and excitement that other modern releases long for. 5 stars from me (out of 5)"
,Recommended,268130,35385722,Posted: 1 October,all,Meow,"Closer to Hotline Miami then FTL, great game."
76561198175909174,Recommended,268130,35387168,Posted: 1 October,all,BabelFish,"This is one of my absolute favourite games of all time. Very, very good"
,Recommended,268130,35392698,Posted: 1 October,all,Jedi Lemon,"Great game, have been following since the very beginning and have loved watching it grow as a programmer myself. The mechanics feel great and the unlockable feeling of the universe along with the end of the war motivates me onward. I recommend going in under prepared, forcing you to come up with clever ways to finish the mission. While it might begin at some points to feel repetitive, it will quite often surprise you and will feel less so if you start taking more difficult missions. Another nice change of pace are the defector missions which can be relieving yet challenging as they have no impact on your chatacter but are instead given a limited set of tools."
,Recommended,268130,35393088,Posted: 1 October,all,bisquick,"I had my doubts about the way the game looked from the trailer, but usually graphics or visual style don't matter to me and that is definitely the case with Heat Signature. The gameplay is fantastic, its intense, and theres definitely a lot to keep me busy and having fun."
,Recommended,268130,35344134,Posted: 30 September,all,Cognitive Spoon,Not since FTL have I loved coming back to a game to just play around this much.A must play for the firefly set.
76561198009845160,Recommended,268130,35343620,Posted: 30 September,all,midnights nova,good
,Recommended,268130,35341632,Posted: 30 September,all,megaman1115,"Loving it, played a game every single day last week. I just keep coming back. Only downside is that the gameplay is not diverse enough to keep me entertained for longer periods of time.  9/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,268130,35356742,Posted: 30 September,all,LaggingVideoGamer,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥boi
,Recommended,268130,35358029,Posted: 30 September,all,Fingers,Overwhelmingy Positive.
,Recommended,268130,35357983,Posted: 30 September,all,Lumbernock,"Fantastic game from a fantastic dev.The best parts of this game are the bits no-one could script. When you teleport out of the way, leaving the guards bullets to destroy the engine you're stood next to, sucking the guard into space when it explodes. When you throw the person you're rescuing out of a broken window and grab them by remote controlling your shuttle to catch them. When you drop a remote grenade on the floor, and watch a guard pick it up and carry it back to his friends before you explode it. When you throw a gun at an enemy as a last ditch effort, it fires as it hits him, shooting the guy in the next room as well."
,Recommended,268130,35357789,Posted: 30 September,all,ArtiKox,"If FTL and Hotline Miami would make a child, that's exactly how it would look like. Game is absolutely fantastic and I recommend it to all RogueLike lovers (or rather RogueLite)."
,Recommended,268130,35317158,Posted: 29 September,all,thetwistedkris,"First hour in a nutshell>Try out a few easy missions, getting feels for controls.>Feels good being stealthy while bouncing off the target's hull>Try medium mission, how bad could it be?>Tossed out airlock twice and failed>Look at my gear.>Gear is crap>Made it rain for not crap gear>Slowly work up in easy to medium missions>I come across the forbidden love between a recharging teleporter and a wrench>This ain't disney's lady and the tramp>Finally work up balls for Hard mission>Prepped a bit, even read the target bios>Mission time.>Didn't read the fine print as I was greeted with instant countdown>FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU>I'm fine, this is good I can work with this>Thought only one guy was shielded when it was really 3>Yall gonna have to share my prep>Clubbed a heat vision mook for his yugioh card and hackled a turret>Looks again at timer and insta pause>8 seconds left>Panic.mov>Wait pilot chair is right around the corner>Blink to mook in the way then go to speak words with the pilot>I let out a breath as I can pry my hand off the pause key and my wrench from his skull>Shield bro #1 commits suicide after I leak his nudes>Out of charge on hacks and porting with 1 mook and 2 bros left>Fuq this prep I'm winging it>Use their bloody guns to lure shield bro #2 to a scenic view of the void>My now thrice vacuumed lungs hold out till I pod back onto the ship>Tried convincing last bro that the view from that other window looked nice.>My hot verses ignite the gas tank he was straddling>Entire section of ship goes out to the void in a fireball with last bro and mook.>Oh.....totally planned on that>Kick corpse out of my seat and fly the ship home10/10 - Would space pirate again"
,Recommended,268130,35319103,Posted: 29 September,all,[E] mrwombat,"Excellent random heist game. If you've ever wanted to pause a game so you could figure out which guard to lunge at with a wrench in order to dodge a bullet, you've come to the right place."
76561198023199052,Recommended,268130,35307033,Posted: 29 September,all,bwup,Awesome game. Would love for sequel to be able to purchase entire ships.
,Recommended,268130,35327962,Posted: 30 September,all,Grumio,"You grasp the premise of this game quickly, but then as you keep playing you come across more and more inventive solutions to problems the game throws at you. You should have seen the look on my face when I realised I could teleport into a room, make noise to attract all the (teleporter equipped) guards, plant a grenade then teleport back out again unscathed.Another brilliant, funny puzzle-solving game from the mind of Tom Francis."
,Recommended,268130,35326111,Posted: 30 September,all,THX3142,Fun strategy/action game with a strong 'just one more round' element to it.The games offers the chance to try out different playstyles (from stealth ninja to run and gun) and constantly offers the opportunity of chaining actions into amazing (and sometimes surprising) combos.
,Recommended,268130,35326114,Posted: 30 September,all,Petty King Yellownes,"You know whats cool about this gem?They update it every 2-3 days.It's a pretty good game overall,rarely crashes(and they are still fixing crashes).Good concept, if i were you i'd give it a try."
,Recommended,268130,35239791,Posted: 27 September,all,h2ogatesy,"This is quite fun, also kinda creative in the way you play with your own styles.Not much of a story, which is fine, as the game mechanics are what really shine."
,Recommended,268130,35238939,Posted: 27 September,all,Reaner,"Fun, procedural spaceship heist game with minimal yet fun writing.Only a few negative aspects such as readability when zoomed out (though you can pause freely and take your time) and annoying unforeseeable events ruining a heist such as friendly space stations shooting the ship your infiltrating triggering an alarm."
,Recommended,268130,35239883,Posted: 27 September,all,ppiixx,Fantastic game. You can go charging in with just a wrench or spend ages putting together the perfect build for a mission.In either case it will quickly all fall apart leaving you to improvise your way through the spaceship
,Recommended,268130,35239827,Posted: 27 September,all,eNTy,"Cowboy Bebob meets Dishonored with a top-down perspective.  It's really, very good!  If you're into space times hijinx and having a good time I'd highly recommend it.Check BoxesCowboy Bebop✓Dishonored✓Hijinx✓Good Times✓"
76561198001437584,Recommended,268130,35250295,Posted: 27 September,all,aspvip,Excellent game!
,Recommended,268130,35249958,Posted: 27 September,all,ThePissedPsychologist,"I was assigned a mission to rescue someone from a ship in a warzone. This particular someone was a character I had lost earlier who happened to have averynice gun. I wanted that gun back.  When I arrived, the first volley from an opposing faction immidietely killed my target and with it, my chances at the gun. I then left the ship I was on, got onto the ship that made me fail, and knocked everyone on board unconscious with their own wrenches before setting their ship to drift off into enemy territory where they were shot down.I was not told to do this, and was awarded no points for it.But it made mefeelgood.10/10"
,Recommended,268130,35250776,Posted: 27 September,all,Loopy_3006,Absolutly Bloody Amazing!
,Recommended,268130,35251059,Posted: 27 September,all,Symitri,A game where I have lost hours of my life just trying to creep up on guards to smack them on the head with my Concussion Hammer so they fly out space windows because of howgoodit sounds and feels.
,Recommended,268130,35251318,Posted: 27 September,all,The Superb Birb,"Musca Clawless, a woman who's boyfriend was murdered by a Sovereign officer, sought swift revenge, finding herself in a bar for others of her kind. She was wildly impatient but very confident in her skills, these two attributes never more proudly displayed than when she decided to take her very first mission, a capture mission on a very large Sovereign ship. The client wanted it done with NO harm done, no witnesses, complete silence, a Ghost Clause, one that would be a Mistake to take. Musca took it anyway. Accepting the mission after glancing through what the guards were equipped with she noted that they would be able to instantly teleport to any suspicious activity within a certain distance. She bought a single Sidewinder, Stealth Shield, and Key Cloner to assist in subterfuge, as she had previously only been armed with a Wrench and Subverter, and having expended all her money she set forth. Boarding the pod, she took her time about boarding the targets ship, knowing it was in no hurry to dock with a station unless she set off an alarm, and Musca didn't plan on setting off any alarms. Reaching and boarding the ship with ease, she carefully planned her approach through two very open rooms, noting the guards that were holding keys. As per the clients clause, she wasn't to knock out anyone but the target, so she patiently waited, relief in the knowledge that time was on her side. The time came when the guard holding the key patrolled past, and she steathily slipped behind him, nicking the key and passing through the door to the next room completely unseen thanks to her stealth shield. Passing through the next few rooms with relative ease again thanks to her stealth shield and wit, Clawless froze as her stealth ran out a bit earlier than predicted. Now revealed in a room of four guards she swore and switched to the Sidewinder, unwilling but needing to use its single charge to run, rather wanting to save the last charges of her stealth shield for another crisis. She teleported down the hall and into an unoccupied room and breathed a sigh of relief, for a moment. However, she now was stuck. The ship was larger than she first realized and she came to see that she was sandwhiched between the searching guards she'd fled from moments before, and the cockpit room which was frequented by patrolling guards. She stood and waited, watching the patrols, planning all the while. Sneakily weaving inbetween patrolmen she came to the next rooms, forgoing stealing the key from a guards behind and instead copying the highest level key from a guard a bit away. Using the remainder of the Stealth Shield but thankfully finding a Swapper in a locked chest room, Musca planned her final approach, coming to a stop a room away from her target. She stood and thought, patiently and cautiously going through options and processes in her mind, landing on one a minute later as her target went on patrol. Throwing her wrench against a wall near the guard to get his attention, he broke patrol and wandered over, just catching eyesight of her, just as she planned. The target walked into the window'd room and using her subverter Musca reversed his shield and bashed him with the Wrench as she teleported it to her. The guard dropped his gun and Musca was successful, picking up the man's unconcious body and dropping him in a less conspicuous part of the room. Now, in her adrenaline ridden state after 20 minutes of skulking through the ship, Musca Clawless forgot something very important. The guards in the next room, who were equipped with the ability to instantly teleport to supicious sounds. Rather than throw her wrench against the window to space, she picked up the gun and shot, sucking her and the target out. Remotely operating her pod she deftly picked up her and the target in a single pass. However, just as she slowed and began back to a friendly station to deliver the target, a single lone guard passed by her pod at incredible speeds, and seconds later as she realized what had happened, it was already too late, the man had suffocated and the clause was forfeit. I laughed for a minute straight. Amazing game."
76561198059640748,Recommended,268130,35251034,Posted: 27 September,all,CheftonUTD,One of the best games I've played recently. Well worth giving it a go!
76561197993949773,Recommended,268130,35243362,Posted: 27 September,all,coldcupofjoe,This game rocks man.
76561198044700786,Recommended,268130,35216000,Posted: 25 September,all,Darth Tellor,"[WIP] Will develop this review later, I just had to give this game thumbs up ASAP fresh after the release.Tactical Hotline Miami IN SPAAAACEYou board space ships and do crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥Great indie game.Works fine, no glaring design or technical issues so far."
76561198081241175,Recommended,268130,35250808,Posted: 27 September,all,Achoo,its rlly fun
,Recommended,268130,35252384,Posted: 27 September,all,.ashi,"Heat Signature is an absolute treat. Behind it's tiny, detailed but slighty cartoonish graphics lingers a deep and enthralling game experience, that somehow combines the fast-paced top-down fun of Hotline Miami with the meticuluous slow-motion-planning of Superhot and a wide range of quirky, fun items to toy around with only known of Binding of Isaac so far. The concept of the game is almost too big to fail, but somehow even the smallest parts, like flying to a spaceship to dock and start your next mission, are just so fun to play that I found myself checking mission after mission. It looks like I've only scratched the surface of this huge, partially randomized game and I can't wait to uncover more of it's secrets. Rushing into the next spaceship, throwing a hammer into someones face, teleporting his buddies into outer space, reprogramming a turret to shoot the pilot and generally saving the day by bringing utter chaos into space never felt that good before. Loving it!"
76561198090041855,Recommended,268130,35253133,Posted: 27 September,all,tigermat,"So you expect me to hijack a ship with nothing but a rusty wrench and teleporter....?I'll see it done.I'm pleased to say that this one really surprised me, having never played Hotline Miami, which I've been told the comabt is reminiscent of. Throughout the game you get your pick of four characters, each with their own objective such as ""my idiot dad got captured by so and so, so lets go save him"", or ""kill the people who murdered my wife/husband"". Noble causes, which give you your end objective.So with objective in mind you'll spend countless missions gathering weapons, gadgets, pods etc, as well as liberating little asteroids with space ships on them, as part of an overarching objective. Eventually you'll get enough cash to take on your personal mission, which you've probably long since forgotten about.""Board the ship, kill/capture your target, get out""Easy enough right? Wrong. Because the second you boarded the ship you forgot to look at what the guards and bosses have in the information screen. Now you're stuck on this huge multi-room ship with nothing but your rusty wrench, your teleporter, and a emergency shield or two, going up against guards with armour, shields of their own, and heat sensors.You'll get through it though. You always do. Whether it means kiting the guards to a room with a window, shielding up and throwing your wrench through the window to suck them all into space. Or rather, you might die and just start over again, not making the same mistake twice.My suggestion?Buy it ASAP. Completely worth the price, extremely fun gameplay, and it keeps me coming back for more punishment. You'll be ripping through capital ships with a shortblade and a stealth shield in no time.If you dont like it, hey its only $15 CAD."
,Recommended,268130,35259529,Posted: 28 September,all,siread,Brilliant.
,Recommended,268130,35259792,Posted: 28 September,all,ff156,"This game is the rare example of a fantastic idea executed extremely well. It akin to a rouguelike, sci-fi Hotline Miami with a tactical pause included for planning movements and attacks. It's a fun, well-designed experience, and it's a big leap design-wise over Tom Francis' previous game (Gunpoint).Highly recommended."
76561198336273305,Recommended,268130,35256345,Posted: 28 September,all,Jimmy Rustles,">be poor foundry citizen>decide to enlist in space corps>stationed on outdated security craft>told to defend the entire thing with pipe wrench>ok.jpg>one day>hear gunshot from back of ship>wut>run into room>some spacer with a stupid looking knife is standing in the middle of the room>then>time just literally stops>wut 2.0>when time starts moving everyone in the room has been stabbed to death>spacer nowhere to be found>hear movement behind me>turn around>just in time to take a round from a concussion gun in the face>wake up on some ""liberated"" station>ship nowhere in sight>don't even get medical expenses paid for by foundryDon't enlist guys, it's not worth it."
76561198066116156,Recommended,268130,35258518,Posted: 28 September,all,Spagoogi,Nah i'ts good ey
76561198119036360,Recommended,268130,35257501,Posted: 28 September,all,_liquid_smoke_,"10/10 is like a good game buy it and play it. I bought it, refunded it, and then decided to buy it again. i dont see the problem. ps get it. its cheap and its really good so get it"
,Recommended,268130,35257766,Posted: 28 September,all,Pleb,is good
,Recommended,268130,35253353,Posted: 27 September,all,The Dude,"Just buy this game, you wont regret it"
,Recommended,268130,35254088,Posted: 27 September,all,doubleayrun,"Absolutely love. Raiding ships is fun and exciting; the varities of different mission parameters and ship sizes make the game engaging, even if the objectives themselves boil down to ""capture\kill\steal."" Plus it's fun to do things like blow out a room with a grenade, hurl yourself out the window and control your pod to come save you.  8.5/10"
76561197991396304,Recommended,268130,35253933,Posted: 27 September,all,DeadlyYellow,"Generally amusing to play a few minutes at a time, but the game quickly runs out of surprises.  Missions start out straightforward, but soon turn into a grind for items leading up to a character's personal mission.  Unfortunately, random generation coupled with a lackluster AI usually leaves these climactic missions a tedius slog; with the player either tucked into some opportune corner throttling the fast-forward, or restarting outright.Still a good way to waste a few minutes between more important things."
76561198050036337,Recommended,268130,35253916,Posted: 27 September,all,Vladimir Lenin,So basicallyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwBxDnL4PZEis how you feel the entire game. It's good.
76561197993646063,Recommended,268130,35254749,Posted: 27 September,all,AreYouSmarterThanACheeseGrater?,"While Heat Signature's premise is pretty simple (Complete missions to liberate stations to take over the sector), the game itself is not. Missions range from killing a specific target, to stealing a specific item, to hijacking ships and rescuing prisoners.The thing that really really impresses me, though is the tools the game gives you to get the job done. There are leathal and non-leathal ways to deal with pretty much any situation. With the right gear you can even pretty much ignore enemies entirely. From tools that let you copy security keys from a distance to tools that subvert or knock out enemy turrets and  shielding to three different flavours of teleporters (Intantly move from one place to another [but not through doors], swapping places with someone else or teleporting anywhere within range for a few seconds).All in all, I'm having a blast with this... Even when I'm not paying attention to the fact I'm firing a shotgun at an enemy standing next to a window and I'm just about to send him (and me) hurtling out of the ship and into space."
,Recommended,268130,35503853,Posted: 5 October,all,Dekkar,"Great game, cool conept, lots of replayability."
,Recommended,268130,35506727,Posted: 5 October,all,Antari,"I bought this game knowing almost nothing about it, and it was a great purchase. Not many games allow you to be an intergalactic space rebel assassin. The gameplay is fast paced and punishing, and the combat is surprisingly deep. You can blow out the windows of a space ship mid combat and get sucked into the vaccum of space, and then remote call your pod to pick you up!There are many different approaches you can take to complete your missions and every mission you complete adds to the overall liberation of the space rebellion unlocking cool new features, weaponry and characters to play with.If you are bored and want a cool game to pass the time, you should definately pick it up."
,Recommended,268130,35506167,Posted: 5 October,all,Hand-E-Food,"A great mix of Hotline Miami and Invisible Inc.  The time limits add great tension.  Even though a stray bullet blew out a window, sucking you into space with only 30 seconds left on the clock, you don't let that stop you from remote-piloting your pod to pick you up, put you back on the ship, so you can finish this G** d*** job with 2 seconds to spare!"
76561197969423955,Recommended,268130,35509044,Posted: 5 October,all,YourMom,"It's awesome.  It doesn't have much in the way of plot, it's not Witcher 3 or anything, but it's got very addicting game play, some amazing core mechanics and it entirely worth the price.  The combination of mission types, various ships, and the amount of options you can use to pull off a mission makes you feel like you're Han Solo.  The Han Solo that shot first."
76561198051349727,Recommended,268130,35506939,Posted: 5 October,all,moconnor8,Forgot to bring weapons to my assassination mission.  Killed my target using the vacuum of space. 10/10
,Recommended,268130,35516272,Posted: 6 October,all,Ivan Zoh,"Liked GUNPOINT, like this... more? Not sure, but even for a ten-thumbs, melts-under-pressure gamer like myself HEAT SIGNATURE is lots of fun. In terms of combat, think HOTLINE MIAMI with the psychosis not quite so much on the surface. In terms of space flight, all I can say is, ""Looks like a fish, moves like a fish, steers like a cow."" Little reference for you there. :-)"
,Recommended,268130,35470088,Posted: 4 October,all,Skewie1k,"Be me.Need to kill a guy.Try to be sneaky.Some dude sees me, teleports, then shoots. Everyone heard this.Dodge, pause, then see every other teleporting dude around you including the guy I need to kill.Wait for them to shoot then pause again.Teleport away causing everyone to shoot each other.Mission accomplished.Could have happened 20 other ways, but this was my way. Play the game and make yours."
,Recommended,268130,35454896,Posted: 3 October,all,I has painus in my ainus,A bloody brilliant game by a bloody brilliant man
76561198132556285,Recommended,268130,35452429,Posted: 3 October,all,th(ic)² kickback.com,Great game! Lots of options to do everything you want. If you want a easy chill game this is not the game for you
76561198297096972,Recommended,268130,35453939,Posted: 3 October,all,INTOXICATED,"I loved gunpoint, easily one of my favorite little indie games ever. When i heard that Heat Signature was made by the same developers of gunpoint, i knew i had to check it out. After about 5 min of gameplay i was hooked and instantly bought it. This game is definitly worth checking out."
,Recommended,268130,35460107,Posted: 3 October,all,Destring,"Had to kill someone from a huge ship. Mission too hard.Hijack nearby smaller ship.Proceed to bomb the huge ship with the hijacked ship, killing everyone in it.Mission complete.10/10"
76561198074965073,Recommended,268130,35458675,Posted: 3 October,all,PestyMastermind,10/10
76561197977330447,Recommended,268130,35458408,Posted: 3 October,all,Daemonjax,One of the best games I've ever played.I hope the developers continue to work on it.If they release any DLCs I'll be sure to buy them.
76561197984402967,Recommended,268130,35458870,Posted: 3 October,all,SteveTheNinja,"Frustrating at times but ultimately addicting. High replayability. I've already got my money's worth out of it, but I keep playing for one more mission."
76561198097386272,Recommended,268130,35460576,Posted: 3 October,all,aGoogolplex,"10/10, would knock myself out with a wrench again."
76561198068392223,Recommended,268130,35460538,Posted: 3 October,all,Cjslezak,Absolutely great game!
,Recommended,268130,35459065,Posted: 3 October,all,Tediousity,"The guard rounds the corner and stres me straight in the face.Quickly, I equip my shotgun and shoot him, but the noise attracts more guards. They enter the room and fire.They have shotguns.Shotguns are almost impossible to dodge.I panic and flounder around. I am shot and unconscious. One of the guards picks me up and begins to (very slowly) carry me to an airlock.  The alarm has been set off. I have sixty seconds; less after I pick myself up out of deep space with my own remote-controlled pod.The guard makes it to the airlock and sets me down. In one second, I'll be floating in space. That's fine. I've only gotten knocked out while bleeding 3 times before, so I'll still have six seconds to pick myself up.I am shot into space at high velocity. I quickly remote control my ship to the general area, make the first pass at my body, and miss.I begin to panic. I only have three seconds left. I quickly brake and zoom in towards my body, thrusting the ship's engines towards it at the same time.I miss again.The screen zooms out.""Tonight, we drink to Margherita Cherry,"" it says. ""Bled to death in space.""12/10.Three of my characters bled out in a row. My first ever character was stranded in deep space with no fuel, light-years from any friendly station. One character (Breaker Flavius) got captured on his first ever mission, and it took his friend long, arduous hours to bring him back.This game is chaotic and brilliant, and plate-glass windows are just as fun as they were in Gunpoint. Fuel barrels are even better.Thanks for reading, and buy the game already."
76561198042120701,Recommended,268130,35459077,Posted: 3 October,all,l.,"Look, buy it.Heat Signature is a game similar in aesthetics to Hotline Miami (excepting, y'know, the sci-fi aspects), but made by the creators of Gunpoint. Without several key features, Heat Signature could very well be quite similar to the aforementioned arcade shooter/beat-em-up/whatever. However, the game possesses several mechanics which drastically alter the feel of the game, when compared to Hotline Miami.The first key feature is the permanence to actions taken in game. The game is perma-death, however progress is mostly saved, with the exception of losing the items you had on that character. This means that in every mission the option to bail is one which should be kept open at all times, because if you don't, you're likely to get captured and have to re-capture your guy again. This roguelike element means that every mission should be planned, extremely well. Which should be impossible if you know Hotline Miami, where the strange resurrection your character goes through is very much part of the game's tone and gameplay.Allowing finishing missions to be possible in the first place with perma-death on (noting that when you get shot, you don't die straight away. Instead, the guard tosses you out an airlock, where you have to figure out how to not die of oxygen deprivation) is allowed by the ability to pause the game and plan out your moves. The trailer doesn't lie people. Watching that will give you a good idea of how the game plays. This makes this game extremely strategic, especially in some of the timed missions where you have a limited amount of real-time to either disable the pilot or get out.The third is the items. What can I say? When the enemies are too tough, your guns are too♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you are too lazy, you can enter a level with a plethora of♥♥♥♥♥♥and not♥♥♥♥♥♥gadgets in the hope some of them will be useful. Instead of killing a man for the key, you might instead steal it right of his pants by slowing time and teleporting away. Or perhaps sprint to one of the terminals which allow you to manually unlock all doors of a certain security level. Much more likely is you'll use your key stealing gadgets, before realising it runs out of uses before you reach your goal, and have to teleport through a wall or use a reflector shield to get a man to kill themselves.Anyway, alls said and done, Hotline Miami and Heat Signature is a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ comparison. Heat Signature lets you rocket into a ships window using only your shotgun and sheer willpower to get you there. Hotline Miami is completely different. Honestly a feel like a bit of an idiot now. But, Heat Signature is full of planning, ♥♥♥♥-ups, un-♥♥♥♥-ups, getting shot, having only 5 seconds to kill a man, hijacking another space trawler and using its missiles to assassinate a space-trawler, and wrenches. Wrenches.TL;DR - The other reviews about wacky stories aren't rare incidents."
76561198038557624,Recommended,268130,35460485,Posted: 3 October,all,Joe,Loads straight into the game.
76561198377157997,Recommended,268130,35477268,Posted: 4 October,all,Caoorts,It's fresh and addictive. 10/10
76561198098012382,Recommended,268130,35434799,Posted: 2 October,all,MintsTasteGood,FTL meets shadowrun.  I really really like this game and was intending to play a couple hours this weekend and then sunday went away.
,Recommended,268130,35434946,Posted: 2 October,all,Codex,"I can't recommend this game enough. If you like space, you'll love this, If you like hotline miami, you'll love this. If you like rogue lite games, you'll love this. Just but it already god damn it."
,Recommended,268130,35434721,Posted: 2 October,all,The Great Unitor,"This is the story of my greatest mission.It began as they all do: I needed cash and this one was offering enough for me to retire once and for all. The guards had shields and armour, rendering them impervious to attacks but this didn't matter, the mission had a ghost clause. Assasinate one man, and get out with out harming anyone alse or being spotted.I board the ship equipped with a high capacity slipstream, a concussive shotgun, and a ♥♥♥♥♥on of various teleporters. Oh and of course, a keycard cloner.The ship was huge, at least 100 rooms in it. I ran through it at an absurd speed, right into my first problem: the pilot. remember, I can't kill him, knock him out. I do the only thing I can to stop the time limit, and swap places with him, one moment he was quietly flying a ship, next he was in the hallway with a severe case of confusion. pilot taken care of, I now had to formulate a plan for... removing my target.I move to the room just adjacent to him. when I encounter my next dilemma. he has armour. so nothing I do will hurt him. Naturally my first response is to swap places with him, into a room full of his friends (great idea right?) I pause and activate my slipstream. which makes time flow 10x slower, and me 5x faster.I run out of the room so fast that the gaurds there don't even have the time to say ""INTRU"". They run after me but I've already vanished like the ♥♥♥♥ing ninja I am.Now the coast is clear and my target is alone but I still have to, you know, Kill him.I spot a window a few rooms away, and phase three begins. Pulling out, you guessed it, my swapper, I simultaneously speed up time and move this guy into the window room with several swaps. Finally as he is vomiting on the floor of the window room, Without a word I blow out the window with my concussive shotgun.As the room depressurises my target and I are sucked in to the cold vacuum of space. I remotely pilot my pod to come pick me up as I have many times before. I watch from my own pods window as he asphyxiates, clutching at his pale neck. Finally his struggling stops and all is peaceful again.Buy this game."
,Recommended,268130,35435630,Posted: 2 October,all,Beebes,"Top notch story generator game. The missions tell you just enough to go in prepared, and the ability to pause at any time lets you plan methodically, but things will still go belly up constantly. I'll never forget the time I turned my assassination target's forcefield inside out and let him shoot himself for me."
,Recommended,268130,35437304,Posted: 2 October,all,Iggy Nai Jiggah,Awesome Game
76561197996579761,Recommended,268130,35476277,Posted: 4 October,all,Platibyte,"Thank you for this game. I didn't think I would get more than 6 hours out of this, but it's really fun. One of the best games I have bought this year. Grindy: Yes, but not in a bad way. The First Liberation takes as long as the last Liberation. There are just many and many of them. But that is not bad, because you will find out more and more ways to complete your missions. Like sabotage or throwing stuff."
76561198267695338,Recommended,268130,35251869,Posted: 27 September,all,rjdim,"What happens if you mix gunpoint, FTL, hotline miami, and hitman together?"
76561197968907104,Recommended,268130,35476362,Posted: 4 October,all,TheSHEEEP,"A good game, no doubt.And for the price, I'm willing to give it a thumb up.But I lost interest about 7 hours in.The problem is:After 3-4 hours, having done some liberations, having faced everything the game can throw at you in one form or another... you've basically seen all there is to see, used every kind of weapon and item, done all kinds of crazy actions to save the day.The novelty just wears off super quickly and then you are left with a Hotline Miami style game, but without the crazyness of the story to keep you going.There is no more development from this point on, other than unlocking items in the store (all of which you will have seen ""in the wild"" already) and ""painting the map"" in your colors.That fact that you play each character for maybe half an hour to an hour until you are done with the char's personal story doesn't help keeping you interested.Though my hopes are not really high, I'd certainly wish for more mid (and then late) game content. More enemy types, more ship types (maybe something that isn't made from procedural cubes?), enemy agents, item types, etc."
,Recommended,268130,35463942,Posted: 3 October,all,Bryce92,"Great game, you feel like such a badass when you pull off some well timed moves.The missions are varied enough and with enough sub-clauses that you can challenge yourself in many different ways.You'll be frustrated at yourself for the dumb moves you make, but that is only caused by you, not the game.The controls are tight, gameplay is awesome, GO FOR IT!"
,Recommended,268130,35452522,Posted: 3 October,all,Supreme_Court,"Really quite a fun game. There are many different ways to complete levels based on what equipment you have and how patient you are, as well as levels with certain clauses that give you a pay bonus when they're met. There are lots and lots of missions to do and stations to liberate, and loot to pick up on the way. Music is great, gameplay is tight and can get pretty challenging, and it has a very unique look.The only negative for me is that the performance is a bit lacking. It's nothing game-breaking, as FPS dips are usually during space flight or when you're getting thrown off a ship, but I was getting dips to just below 40 fps, and I'm using a GTX 1080 ti. I haven't seen any other complaints about it though, so it's probably nothing to worry about.And a side note in case a developer reads this: markers for any enemies that have been ejected from ships would be very helpful, especially for non-lethal missions where you get thrown out and the guard caused one of his buddies laying right there to get sucked out too. Kind of sucks losing that bonus when you didn't even cause the death or have any chance of saving him."
,Not Recommended,268130,35231690,Posted: 26 September,all,Pinhead Larry,"I was pretty impressed at first. Being able to zoom out to see the entire galaxy to zooming in on a single tiny pod is pretty cool. The concept of hijacking ships and kicking♥♥♥♥♥is pretty fun too. The novelty of it all wears off after a few hours, unfortunately.It's not a bad game, it's just pretty bare once you get into it. There's not a lot of depth to it; you just have to hijack ships, do an objective, and get better loot. Then you liberate colonies, and that's about it. The ships are cool at first but soon become very repetitive despite its randomized nature. I see a lot complain that the guards are a problem, because most of the time there's groups of guards in single rooms, and one might venture out and become isolated, then you can pick him off. Rinse, repeat.I started to approach about every mission with a wrench because you can hit with it from afar and throw it, taking out two at once, initially. The game mixes it up a bit including shields and other things on enemies, which require specific weapons to deal with or some ingenuity. Like, you can lead these guards with impenetrable armor (again, unless you have a certain item) and shoot a window, sucking them out. Often times it's not the best choice, but it's there.The retirement system seems cool at first but in the grand scheme of things doesn't really matter. The Defector missions are really fun and are probably the highlight of the game, but like a lot of things in this game, it simply doesn't matter. There's no benefit to defector missions other than fun; it doesn't contribute to your end goal in liberating the entire system.The artwork is fine, I appreciate the little details thrown into the different factions but it (again) gets repetitive. Some of the textures when you move in become pixelized like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jpeg. The game also has only two FPS options, 30 or 60, which is silly but maybe there's some constraint I'm not aware of.If it looks like I hate the game, I don't. It's actually pretty addictive and I managed to put in ~14 hours into it. If the developer adds more to the game then I can see it becoming a really special game. At this point though, there's a sort of novelty to it that wears off way too fast. Still, for 15 bucks, it's not a bad deal, but it's not really something I personally see myself or many others spending a great deal of time on."
76561198068783111,Recommended,268130,35119678,Posted: 21 September,all,Kakroom,FULLY
76561198004053861,Recommended,268130,35464288,Posted: 3 October,all,OzyATM,"Love the game, game is challanging and fun. This is the first rogue like game that personally enjoyed. One of the most interesting part of the game is that you have to keep start new characters to try out different build which gives us a chance to enjoy the game in many different ways. only downside is the lack of content. If there were more ships, more weapons and more eneminies, more unique route, the game would been much better."
,Recommended,268130,35426534,Posted: 2 October,all,Death Monky,Once again a fun little game that you will sink hours in.Great physics and really fun roguelite
76561198000355192,Recommended,268130,35429871,Posted: 2 October,all,SorD,Must buy stuff for stealth / turn-based combat / etc fans.1. Dock to the ship2. Raise alarm during first combat => 25s time limit3. Estimate that you have near zero change to success in time4. Pause5. Decide to try anyway6. Re-evaluate your inventory7. Rethink your play style8. Optimize every move9. Success under 15s10. Feel like a true space ninja
76561198039817406,Recommended,268130,35429771,Posted: 2 October,all,CyberPie,"I got this game because I played Gunpoint and I thought, Oh look Tom Francis is making another game, kets give it a shot, and oh my god, I got addicted from the start.  It just traps me in with all the freedom it gives.  10/10 game,  well worth the price."
,Recommended,268130,35435583,Posted: 2 October,all,Asmor,"My only real complaint about it is that missions tend to be really, really short. Like under a minute from the time you accept the mission to the time you return home. The actual infiltration and execution of the mission might be as short as 10-15 seconds, depending on the mission's difficulty, your gear, and your strategy.Despite that, the game is great. It's like the love-child of FTL and Hotline Miami. Notably, I could never really get into Hotline Miami but the ability to pause and slowdown time in this makes the fast-paced gameplay much more accessible. Also has a progression system that unlocks new items in shops."
,Recommended,268130,35434645,Posted: 2 October,all,Father of Intervention,"Fantastic game, not much outside of that to say, gameplay is fun and graphics are good."
76561198194128707,Recommended,268130,35433561,Posted: 2 October,all,febreezyfosheezy,"Heat Signature is unique in that, with every new character is a new story, even if they're all similar and based on the same concepts. The game has amazingly unique mechanics, dealing with speeding up and stopping time, using that to plan elaborate stratagies. The game is crazy inventive when it comes to gameplay, in that, it takes games like SuperHot, Starcraft (maybe?), and of course Gunpoint. The writing is crazy interesting, even for the little bit there is. I could talk about it all day, but I gotta put some more hours in."
,Recommended,268130,35433647,Posted: 2 October,all,Blue,I punched the person I was supposed to capture out a window. Caught him with my ship. He lived.11/10
,Recommended,268130,35432702,Posted: 2 October,all,The Legate,"I've only played this for roughly 4 hours as of now, here are the cool things and features I have already discovered and done.- Used a well placed pistol shot to tear a huge ship in half (I was supposed to hijack it. #noregrets)- Threw someone I was supposed to rescue as well as myself out a window to escape, before piloting a tiny ship to catch both of us.- Killed a whole crew in one shotgun blast (Ooooohhhhh the blood...)- Accidentally blew the person with the keycard I needed up, so I blew up a chunk of the ship to create an improvised docking spot.- Used the recoil of my own shotgun to propel myself through space and onto a space ship- Captured a huge enemy warship, proceeded to obliterate several other warships (because why not)- Why shoot a gun when you can throw it?- Retired- Paid Feelers (sounds dirty.)- Got the Everything gun and immidiatly knocked myself out with itAll in all, it was a hell of a good time. You could definitley tell it was made by the same people as Gunpoint. Both this and their last game were extraordinarily innovative and creative, with new mechanics that arn't found anywhere else. They're an incredibly great company to fill a specific niche that I love, and it shows nowhere better than in this game."
,Recommended,268130,35435350,Posted: 2 October,all,Schnitzel,Well refined space game similar to hotline miami with the ability to freeze time and take your time. Lot's of decisions to be made and mistakes are painful - however enjoyable.
,Recommended,268130,35436801,Posted: 2 October,all,Sparter28,"If hitman, monaco and stellaris had a baby then this very hard, unforgiving extremly fun rogue like game of rage inducing mayhem would be it's slightly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ offspring."
,Recommended,268130,35471063,Posted: 4 October,all,MisMasCz,Best game Ever i Really like it :D and i watching on ur Youtube Channal
76561198121643583,Recommended,268130,35470968,Posted: 4 October,all,YaBoyMims,"Entered the first room of the ship with a grenade launcher. (press space: pause) Shot grenade between 4 enemies. (pause) Blew of part of the ship (including escape pod) triggered the alarm, (pause) Used the Swapper on the captain whom gets sucked into space. (pause) activate bullet deflect shields (unpause) kill everyone in the next room (another group of 4) with their own bullets without me taking a scratch. Run around wacking some left over dudes in the head with a giant wrench. Pick up my escortee, walk back into my escape pod only to realise I blew of my pod of when I entered the level. Rinse, (pause) repeat.♥♥♥♥ing A' best $15 I spend on a game in a long time.10/10 would choose glitch trap as favorite weapon againGreat game!"
76561197964234833,Recommended,268130,35483051,Posted: 4 October,all,Cas9,"I love this game.  FTL meets Hotline Miami in a stripped down 4x map; and whole is greater than the sum of its parts.  Instantly one of my all time favorites, anyone whose interests lead them to this game should definitely get it."
,Recommended,268130,35489929,Posted: 5 October,all,D. W.,"When Heat Signature at it’s best, it’s phenomenal, but it takes too long to get there.There’s nothing cooler in Heat Signature when you up against extreme odds and five seconds of in game time takes five minutes of pausing, planning, and executing in slowed time. You throw your wrench against the wall so the guy behind a locked door opens it. Then you pause. Switch to your sidewinder teleporter to get through the now open door. Pause. Teleport your wrench back to you. Shoot your silenced concussive gun at the one guard down the hall then run up and slice up your target before they even know what happened. Then shoot the window and jump into space.Moments like that are the core to Heat Signature. They’re tense and exhilarating. And, unfortunately, not super common. Most missions either you breeze through or fail. Failure in this game can be pretty brutal. Often one mistake means you’ll have to abort the mission or can no longer play as that character. When you’re just starting out and don’t have access or know-how of certain equipment, this feels frustrating or too luck based. “Wait. Why’d that happen?” and “Oh… I don’t actually have anything that can deal with this right now.” Were phrases I muttered frequently until I better understood the game.This is a game that some folks will undoubtedly love. It’s has solid computable mechanics that utilize AI randomness well, fantastic but unintrusive writing, interesting emergent storytelling, and an endless amount of procedural content. However, I found the learning curve to be too steep and the game didn’t really click with me until about 6+ hours with it. I wasn’t really expecting or have time for another 20+ experience to actually complete it.My chief criticism with Heat Signature is its structure. There are persistent upgrades that you unlock, but with each character you’re constantly cycling through overly easy missions only to get to more difficult missions and probably die, or mess up and need to abort. You’re constantly getting set back to much less interesting content.However when you can pull of those harder missions, it’s amazing. Some of the best gaming moments of 2017. The highs are SO high that I wish I was more excited for the game as a whole. If only it were a compacted 5 to 10 hour game with more of a focus on the emergent story mechanics. As of now, it just feels a bit too grindy and long.The game does have missions called “defector missions” where you play a one-off character with specific gear. They are probably the best parts and are a great way to learn how the game wants you to play it. Example: I had one that started me outside of the target’s ship with no pod and too guns with limited ammo. I had to shoot backwards to push myself to the ship, get on board, slaughter everyone, and steal the ship. It was rad. But the best thing about those missions is that you can restart them at any time. Failure in them is not much of a set back, other than the ship’s layout being completely different.As of writing this review I put about 9 hours into this game and liberated one of the four enemy strongholds. I don’t think I’ll be putting too much more time into this game. I like it, and it will likely have a fanatic community around it, but it’s just not quite what I was looking for.If you’re looking for a good game to play with a podcast on, action-puzzle-like game, or something that you chip away at over months, then Heat Signature is a pretty solid choice. If you’re looking for something more focused, then maybe look somewhere else."
76561198128586256,Recommended,268130,35489930,Posted: 5 October,all,ragu,Absolutely fantastic game if you're into games like Hotline Maimi. The gameplay itself is smooth and satisfiying but its a little more sophisticated than Hotline Maimi and could take alittle getting used to as some of the gadgets can be abit confusing to use effectively at the beginning but when you get the hang of it is alot of fun and some of the missions really keep you at the edge of your seat and force you to think on your feet. There are also interesting backstories behind the 4 factions and the music is generally great. 9/10
76561197974119840,Recommended,268130,35492598,Posted: 5 October,all,NuclearPony,"""Wait, so teleportation KILLS ME?!""""I guess so. It kills the old you and creates a new you at a new location!""""I am never teleporting again.""""Wow. Laaaame. Enjoy having to WALK and use DOORS like a neanderthal."""
,Not Recommended,268130,35525972,Posted: 6 October,all,PuggleRigby,Once the game starts to become fun you just lose your past hour in work by dying in some ridiculous way. It's happened to me like 6 times including the game crashing and your character getting lost...
76561198353573538,Recommended,268130,35528010,Posted: 6 October,all,derpykat5,"it wasnt looking good. my capture target was surrounded by guards, all protected by shields. I had one charge left on my shield deactivator. i managed to make my target vulnerable, then knocked him out with my concussive gun, the other guards charged me but i retreated into my pod and detached. I then docked somewhere else, fired a gun to draw attention, then as all the guards ran over to me i got back in my pod and flew back to the other area, my target was now abandoned, and I picked him up and flew away.Heat Signature is all about barding and raiding ships, with various goals ranging from ""kill this guy"" or ""steal this item"" to more complex things like ""hijack the ship by neutralizing everyone on board"" or special missions like ""rescue a hostage without being seen"". there are a lot of things to help you on the way, from standard weapons to things like crashbeams, which short out all electronics they hit, several different kinds of teleporter, and much more.there are a number of ways to aproach any situation. say you need an item behind a locked door protected by three guards. you could a)use a shotgun to take them all out at once b)use a stealth shield to get past them and pickpocket the keycard c)play the role of the horror movie monster and pick off the guards one by one as they leave to do other things d)teleport into the room or e)destroy the room with a breach grenade or similar, then dock your pod to the conveinent hole in the ship.Heat Signature revolves around an at-will ""bullet time"" effect. at any time you can press spacebar to pause the game, this allows you to do things like view your inventory, teleport dropped items on the ship to you, swap equipped items, and time your attacks more effectively. the game also slows down whwn a guard spots you or when you aim a weapon. this setup allows you to do crazy things like clear a whole room without needing lightning reflexes or a time slowing powerup. even if you stumble into a guards line of sight, you have a few seconds before he identifies you and then a few more seconds before he raises the alarm, triggering a capture timer as the ship flees to a hostile station. this countdown can be stopped by killing the pilot, or otherwise removing them from their seat. and if you don't like any of your missions you can go out and raid some ships just because!the charachters you can choose from have different personal missions, and have different starting gear. each time you retire or get a charachter killed or captured, you choose a new charachter with a fresh inventory. items do NOT carry over. think of each charachter as a different save file in the same world. however you can find ""heirloom"" items, special items you name when you retire a charachter after completing their personal mission, in ship crates or shops. you can even find your friends heirloom items! you can also rescue captured charachters and rescue your friends charachters. combine that with randomized galaxies to get a true neverending experience.this game also loves to be funny.with item tooltips like ""what if grenades, but faster?"" (rapid grenade launcher) to ""few guards, not skeleton guards"" (skeleton crew) to ""this weapon causes people to die. usually forever"" (lethal weapon) and much more.this game is suprisingly solid. the only bug I have found is when you try and ""jump"" from one opening to another in a ship your charachter spazzes out and gets placed in the ships airlock."
,Recommended,268130,35528881,Posted: 6 October,all,Basi,"So far sooo good. Hotline miami in space, what more could you ask for?"
76561197965158099,Recommended,268130,35528925,Posted: 6 October,all,Hekatonkheires,"+Multiple characters to choose from at any time with randomized loadouts.+Many choices on how to handle each mission with varying gadgets and weapons.+You can punch people out of a spaceship window and then pick them up before they suffocate.=Defector missions are fun and force you to use potentially unusual loadouts. but have no impact on the game,-Visuals are a bit too minimalist, rooms look extremely similar and it's hard to determine what is cover or not without using the collision detection ability.-Dishonored syndrome - You become far too powerful too quickly. You can kill up to 4 unshielded guards in the space of a second with just two armor piercing longswords.-Extremely basic AI - One member of each group will wander off to be assassinated every fifteen seconds or so. The rest will not bat an eyelid at their missing comrade as you throw each of them into your pod. Some have an ""ability"" that makes them teleport to your position at the first sign of a disturbance, which only makes them easier to pick off."
76561198350955126,Not Recommended,268130,35527345,Posted: 6 October,all,sensualboyklaus,For the first probably 2 hours its very fun and everything is new and exciting to do.Then you realize that every station you go to is the same and the ship layouts are pretty repetitive.Game is very grindy and you can lose all your grind from the one character for one slip up.If they could add say ship upgrades or ship to ship combat I will re-review but for now not worth it.
,Recommended,268130,35530964,Posted: 6 October,all,pasta la vista,More fun than my momma's Braciola on Sunday dinner!
76561198065976962,Not Recommended,268130,35531343,Posted: 6 October,all,zimizebida,"I wanted to like this, guys.  It looked to me like a blend of Monaco and an easy-to-learn-hard-to-master puzzle game, which are both my jam.But I didn't last a full hour before ragequitting for good, so, in the interest of helping anyone else with my druthers, here's why.I like figuring out how things work, trying different ways to tackle a mission or solve a puzzle, understanding how things work, learning how the logic of the game world works, and trying again.  It looked like this game would work that way, but:1) Getting TO each mission was a giant pain in the keister.  The missions themselves let you pause, let you control the behavior of your character precisely and elegantly with a few clicks, and the game carries out difficult tasks like a headshot or an 8-meter dash-and-bash all by itself -- but to GET to that part of the game, you have to control a ship careening through space at a billion miles an hour, on your own, with zero automation, with nothing but aiming your mouse, left button thrusts, right button brakes.  It is the opposite of the careful planning and meticulous execution that's waiting for you -- it's like playing bumper cars with a blindfold on.  I routinely spent longer trying to REACH my target than carry out my mission, and I hated every second of it.  It felt like a completely different game with the opposite design philosophy of the game I'd watched all this footage of.  If there were a mode that let me skip this part of the game, I probably wouldn't have returned it for a refund.2) It is really, really hard to tell which of the tiny indistinct humans on the screen is your character.  The camera doesn't auto-center on you -- which is good, because camera control is good in games that need stealth -- but especially when you're still figuring out how to play, it means you spend way, way too much time trying to figure out which of the dudes in the little room is you ... and by the time you have, they've hurled you out into space.  Sure, you can pause at any second, but the little men are SO hard to tell apart that that doesn't help as much as you'd think.3) You get hurled out into space.  That ... is ... well, I've played puzzle games and I've played roguelikes, and I've enjoyed both, but here's the thing.  It takes me more than literally one use of a mechanic to figure out how to physically, mechanically do it, and then I have to realize I need to.  The tutorial hurls you out into space once, so, okay, sure, the game has technically shown you how to do it.  But suddenly my character is running out of oxygen, and I need to figure out how to do something about it.  And then it turns out what I have to do about it is .... steer my pod again.  My pod.  That I just finished complaining that it was so hard to steer.  So basically your punishment for not even having started to master the precisely controlled, meticulously planned part of the game yet, is that you have to do more of the hard-to-control, chaotic, high-speed, can't-pause-to-control-this part of the game.  At this point I would just give up and let my character die because controlling my pod is very difficult.  I am not physically well-coordinated, and what drew me to this game watching LPs of it was how you could very very precisely control what happened without needing to have great reflexes.  Very frustrating.4) THERE IS NO QUICKSAVE.  Cat just came in with a rat in his mouth?  Computer crashing?  Toddler screaming in the next room?  House on fire?  Any of the other million reasons you might need to quit this game right this very second?  Tough.  If you try to quit the game during a mission, instead of letting you restart where you left off, the game tells you helpfully, ""Hey, if you quit right now, this character will die!  That okay?""  No, game, it is not.  Even when I'm playing a roguelike, and I expect I might lose all my progress at any time, a game will generally let me save and resume later in case, say, the stock pot is boiling over and I need to turn off this software for a while.  This is very basic modern game design, guys.  If I'm spending $$ on something, I need to be able to turn it off when Real Life happens and come back later without the game punishing me for it with a character death."
