user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,268500,32214556,Posted: 5 June,all,Sneakyguy,"Play it normally, beat it.Take a break, play witcher 3 or something for a while.Come back, install Long War 2 mod, fall in love again."
,Recommended,268500,32395521,Posted: 13 June,all,Cerulean Coyote,"One of my all time favourites, my safe space, my old friend, my XCOM.Almost endlessly replayable and a joy for anyone that loves, as I do, getting far too emotionally attached to imaginary soldiers then feeling very real pain when they die. They will die. It will probably be your fault."
,Recommended,268500,32665909,Posted: 22 June,all,Aqfitz (Cube Man),"A sequel to the amazing XCOM: Enemy Unknown. XCOM 2 expands on it's predecesor in nearly every fashion. Strategy is deeper, the customization is deeper, and the layers of story that you build with your squad is as great as well have come to expect from the series.One of the biggest complaints that I hear are the mission timers. Thankfully, the developers at Firaxis have intergrated their own mod tools into the game to support modding, something the last game lacked. With these mods, you can disable those pesky timers, add customization options, or take yourself for a ride in the thrilling Long War 2"
76561198010933253,Recommended,268500,32699273,Posted: 23 June,all,(ZX10)_BarbQed,"So this game is quite an interesting one. I played and attempted it several times since I own and love X-Com Enemy Within. It bested me each time and left me in quite a seething rage at points. I decided to give it another go with the War of The Chosen expansion coming and I have to say that this game did finally win me over. This game can be brutally hard to you. It really expects you to take your time and think about your moves for the first half of the game. You get a little more leeway once you get to the second half and you have some vetern soldiers and their abilities. Let me address the most controversial topic first, the mission timers.Coming from EW I hated them and it felt like they were everywhere. Having finally beaten the game I can say that it's roughly 50% of the missions are timed and I really came to enjoy them. They change up the primary tactic of move, overwatch and they make sense thematically.  I only lost one mission with them and that was my fault of not planning properly. There are mods on the workshop that alter them but I think you should give them a go as the developers intended first. They create a great sense of tension and you really have to evaluate your moves each turn. I love optimizing stuff and this really became great fun once I got the hang of them. Just expect to lose a few times while you learn how those missions play out.For those of you new to the Xcom series just know that these games run a reverse difficulty curve, they are hard in the beginning and get easier as the game progresses. Most the difficulty also comes from not knowing really where to begin. The game does not do a great job of making things clear to you. I did have to watch some videos and do some reading to really get a good grasp of the game. Also it doesn't make it clear what negative effects come from not attempting missions. I got a mission for a supply raid which I didn't attempt and the aliens ended up recapturing that territory. I didn't expect that and it wasn't communicated to me that that would be the result. The game likes to omit other valuable tacital data as well so I highly recommend the following mods:Stop Wasting My TimeShow Health ValuesPatrol When RevealedPerfect InformationGotchaThey save time in game but reducing certain animations and they really help you make informed moves each turn. I feel like Gotcha is a must have and something the developers should've included in the game to begin with. I'd also recommend some the communties mod map packs so you avoid getting 'familiar' maps. I also personally like It's Just A Scratch just because I think armor should actually protect you not just increase your health.This game ran smooth as butter the entire time with a couple of exceptions. When I destroyed lots of objects all at once and a couple times in the final mission. Otherwise I got a steady 60 fps and load times were between 5-30 seconds. It does have some minor bugs. The most frequent one I would get is where I would click on an ability and the character would instantly do it. Very annoying when I needed my last grenade for something useful. Also sometimes the character models can get inside of each other. Visually jarring but the game still treats them as being on seperate squares so not game breaking.Would I recommend you buy it? Absolutely, so long as you are ok losing a few times to learn the game. It's a fantastic strategy game and one of my personal favorites. What really got me with this game was how truly fair it actually did seem. Even in the face of overwhelming odds, smart tactical play saved me many times and it felt very rewarding. Honestly this game reminds me of dark souls a lot. It isn't just about the stats of your in game characters, it's about the knowledge you gain as well. I hope to see you out there Commander."
76561198202656069,Recommended,268500,32144764,Posted: 2 June,all,X0rg,"Actually runs on relatively low-grade hardware! Amazing.(I run this on a 2nd generation Intel Compute Stick (STK2m3W64CC) with a mere Core m3 CPU, integrated Intel HD 515 graphics and 4GB RAM shared between the CPU and GPU. I use a USB 3.1 SSD drive for storage).Awesome game, tough but fair. Unlike the original XCOM games which were brutal at times.. but still kept me playing for over 2 decades.I think both of the XCOM remasters are awesome, very well done. They captured the essence of the game (and updated it for contemporary audiences and long-term fans alike). Easier than the originals, but if you don't like that then download the Long War (1 / 2) mods (available for both XCOM 1 & 2) to spice things up a bit.In this game they took a very unexpected angle - in which we lost the war in the first one... (No way... but yes...) overlooking some of the continuity issues that this brings up (nah never mind). They made the game into a guerilla warfare game with XCOM as the underdog. Very interesting twist - unlike the first 'episode' where (in both the orignal and the reboot) XCOM is an organisation secretly funded by the largest countries of the world and thus gets the cream of the crop in terms of resources - in this one they make you 'scrape a living' on the bare minimum. This is a significant departure from the orignal ""part 2"" where we kicked the aliens behinds off of planet earth only to discover there was a whole army of ""sleeping"" aliens waiting to take revenge on us on the ocean floor. (Legend has it they may do an XCOM Terror from the deep remake as well... that'd be so awesome... but then legend's have a lot of legends and who do we believe... so let's just wait and see... and hope and encourage and beg...)Challenging but fair for newbies, veterans can get the Long War (2) mod (which for XCOM2 was apparently made in cooperation with the original developers.. pretty sweet).On the whole a great game with quite modest hardware requirements - as said before it even runs on a 4GB RAM mobile CPU device (although loading times between missions is reminiscent of the old ""home computer"" days where you load a cassette in the machine (yes, that actually was a thing once) go downstairs, have some tea, chat with the family, watch half a cartoon and go back up stairs for the last few minutes of waiting for the loading to finish) - (okay, maybe not quite that bad, but still seriously long though on the hardware I mentioned).My opinion: get the game. Lots of replay value, awesome example of turn-based strategy and BLESS 2K for supporting Linux with their games."
,Recommended,268500,21028726,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,CazAndrogyny,"Aside from optimization issues at launch (then again who doesn't these days?), this game is fantastic.The difficulty is hitting alot of XCOM players in the face, and there seems to be negativity regarding the turn limits. People saying it limits decision making, or forces run and gun. It doesn't. What it does do is remove the old ""victory through overwatch"" strategy that was so popular (read: OP) in XCOM EU & EW. Yeah, I did it too. Did a run through right before XCOM 2 came out and only lost one soldier. Because I decided to (lazy/didn't care at that point). No challenge at all if you really took your time and especially if had two snipers. Given that this is a guerilla operation in XCOM 2, it is true that your team simply does not have all the time in the world. This does not limit options one bit, rather it punishes mistakes brutally. You do NOT have an extra four turns to screw around on the wrong end of the map ""cleaning up"" safely. You have to be accomplishing something at all times. You end up having to put people in harm's way, and make decisions that are based on the situation at hand as opposed to being able to armchair general your way through by-the-book and not lose a soul.If you enjoy challenge and learning from failure as you would in a roguelike, buy this game. If you are looking to have your hand held and succeed without breaking a sweat, look elsewhere."
76561198064128647,Not Recommended,268500,24817172,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Studmunky,"GAHHHHHH. So many things to like about XCOM 2 but unfortunately it has one crippling flaw that can literally ruin all gameplay. LOS is still totally broken months after release. Almost every mission I'll get instances of randomly getting shot or grabbed through a wall/floor. In a game where cover and positioning is everything, this is utterly gamebreaking.People do complain a lot that the RNG is broken. Whatever, I don't think so, it sucks sometimes but imo that makes the game more intense and interesting (also kinda more realistic). But for Line of Sight to be broken makes the game a literal luck simulator. Taking cover behind a wall? Trying to stay out of an alien's LOS by flanking around behind walls/cover? Too bad, the enemy saw you through two solid walls and killed Johnny Flanker through said walls.It's hard to explain how crippling this is to the gameplay without actually playing the game, but anyone familiar with any strategy games should understand that LOS is a critical element to playing smart. If it can't be relied upon to be consistent, then you never know if you're putting your soldiers in amazing cover or a killzone. Kinda important distinction there. WIth it being broken, it just doesn't make any sense to even call this a strategy/tactical game..."
,Recommended,268500,32892446,Posted: 27 June,all,Hard Drive,Murphy's Law: The Game
76561197968514473,Recommended,268500,20996631,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Meat-King©®,"""Never was so much owed by so many to so few. This was their finest hour.""XCOM 2 is a turn-based strategy game developed by the company Firaxis Games with emphasis on tactical combat.Atmosphere & presentation:+ The game captures the feel of a resistance force opposing an overwhelming alien occupation.+ Excellent soundtrack that keeps the player in the game and sets the mood.+ Detail put into level design and environmental effects is impressive.+ Some fighting mechanics are cinematic, intuitive and entertaining.+ It boasts a healthy variety of equipment, firearms and peripherals.+ Partially destructible environments.+ Interface is minimalist and aesthetically pleasing.+ Offers very high replayability.o Game is not optimized for 4K resolution, causing irregular fps drops.- Quite a few bugs and glitches, ranging from minor clipping issues to enemies shooting through obstacles / walls. [Thanks to Volvox Globator for highlighting these points.]- Occasional in-game slowdowns during certain events, e.g. pause between rounds, calculation of burning effects etc.Combat & gameplay:+ The game encourages the player to recruit and build a highly specialised army, and the mechanics put in place for doing so are well-rounded and sophisticated.+ Alien AI behaviour is mostly unpredictable, therefore adding to the title's challenge and replayability.+ Some missions offer a stealth system, allowing the player to scout out the land and enemies before engaging.+ Reliable cover system and shooting mechanics, supporting offensive and defensive approaches.+ Positioning and taking advantage of terrain are the keys to success.+ Base building and economics add another layer of challenge to the game.+ Broad spectrum of weapon customizations enriches the gameplay.+ For the masochistic hardcore gamers among us, the legendary ‘Ironman’ mode is available.o Learning curve is initially a bit steep, and may deter more casual gamers. In comparison with its predecessor the general level of difficulty is higher.o Missions are rng-based (random number generator), which could result in a lot of timed missions or almost no timed missions. [Thanks to Athena for mentioning this point.]Characters & story:+ Campaign playthrough is engaging and provides diversified side quests, with different mission goals and winning conditions.+ The narrative is well-delivered, with an even pace and solid character development.+ Extensive customization options for the characters and the possibility to export and import the party setup.+ The player is likely to develop emotional attachment to some of the soldiers, increasing the immersion into the game.o Solid voice acting of the entire cast.Summary:XCOM 2 offers a superb strategy experience, which manages to improve the original XCOM formula on every level.Achievements:Estimated time for 100% completion: +100 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 79Multiplayer achievements: 1"
76561198059740220,Recommended,268500,31841018,Posted: 19 May,all,BigRowdy,"Look this is not a game. Its a lifestyle. I*t's gonna take a lot of time to mod the game to your liking. The base game is REALLY easy for vets. So you mod it up to your liking. Is it brutal, HECK yes! Like in the original x-com...sometimes you are going to fail. Your soldiers can and will DIE! Today's gamer tend to rage quit at this. Play on...let it be part of your story. The motive for revenge will be very real to you in your next outing against the Aliens. And also be aware you may not win the game. Take a break, give it another go later. I for one do not understand people who talk about a rewarding investment of time. I did not sign on to this game for warm fuzzies because of accomplishment. I signed on to enter a world against superior alien forces and fight a guerrilla war. War sucks, war is hell, war is also fun (fake war that is). For me and what i signed up for + the 159 mods running at the same time....9/10.Edit 202 mods now... :)"
76561198008498519,Not Recommended,268500,28118244,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Talok,"I love this game.  Best XCom yet.  Why the thumbs down you might ask?After the latest patch the game has become highly unstable.  I have spent the at least 20 hours trying to work around the issue but to no avail (crash replicates on clean install with no mods.  Over 32 GBs of VM allocated. Drivers updated, ect ect).  This is an issue with many players (Pure virtual function being called while app was running (GlsRunning==1)) and the developer is playing the 'its your mods' card (even though many users including myself arent using any).Stay away for now, game will possibly be broken if you buy it.  Will change this review if they fix the problem."
,Recommended,268500,29537458,Posted: 28 January,all,L1TTL3 1M0UT0 1NC35T,Hit chance in this game is:+10% luck+20% skill+15% concentrated power of will-5% defense+50% aimand a 100% chance to miss that F*cking shotgun shot at pointblank again....
76561198023479215,Recommended,268500,22898287,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Wabbajack,"There are a lot of things about this game that bug the crap out of me. The timed missions, the Avatar project which basically puts a timer on the campaign itself, the scarcity of elerium cores which makes outfitting your squad kind of hard, the same old six person squad size, the needless delays that make the game seem to grind to a halt at the worst possible times...the list goes on and on...But there is a mod for every one of those complaints. Every. Single. One.For everything about this game I din't like, someone else didn't like it either and made a mod to fix it. Then all of these truly amazing modders came along and created wonderful content that took an already impressively open game and expanded it even further. I have no idea how many mods I am currently subscribed to at this point, but every complaint I had about the game when I first bought it has been addressed by the community and my games are much more diverse due to all of the options unlocked through user created content. I'd also like to add that despite having an absurd number of mods active the game is VERY stable. This many mods on something like Fallout New Vegas? Forget about it.So if you enjoyed XCOM and were on the fence about this one you should consider giving it a try. If there is something you heard about it that made you hesitant about picking it up, wait for it to go on sale. I am glad I bought it, though, and it is even better than the previous iteration."
,Recommended,268500,20956169,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Mercy,"There are a few day 1 issues going on with performance aswell as some quality of life bugs such as turns hanging on for a few seconds more then they should, but if your're willing to put up with that for a day or 2 you will be treated to one of the most compelling and deep turn based strategy game we've gotten in a  good long while and its only set to get better thanks to a HUGE commitment to mod support by the developer. 10/12 would bang agien (however if you dident like EU / EW and preferd the orignal Xcom games then this game isent for you either)EDIT: a day or 2 is starting to look like a week before we get anything more then a ""we are looking into it"" so yea. not changing the recommendation however if you despise frame drops and dealing with bugs then id hold off, i'll update this review as needed"
,Not Recommended,268500,22970429,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Spliff Bluntzinski,"Short Version - XCOM: Enemy Unknown and Enemy Within are vastly superior to this game. Go buy them instead, or if you have them and want more Firaxis XCOM, install and play the Long War mod.I wanted to like this game so bad. Hundreds of hours into Enemy Unknown and I was ready and raring to go for the next step. And there are certainly next steps in XCOM 2, the Starting concealment, the changes to Psionics, different enemy types, those were all really good ideas. On the other hand, there's simply too many things that can make your game go sideways through literally no fault of your own. In EU, I usually knew when I made a mistake. Sometimes things go poorly one turn, and that's the way it is, and it usually doesn't happen too often unless you're just committed to riding the bullet train of bad decisions. XCOM 2 just is the bullet train of failure, and there's no brakes on that train.Barring the DLC, the art is slick and totally on point, a really good iteration of Enemy Unknown's style. Tygen is cool, but lacks the personality and interest of Vahlen. He's 24/7 cool as a cucumber, and is just constantly aloof, where Vahlen had a proper forward face, but there were plenty of hints through dialogue that at any given time she was basically 2 seconds away from dissecting the nearest thing to her, living or dead, while singing opera. Lily Shen's interest basically drops right after her introduction, she never develops even though she's got the most opportunity to do so. On top of that, she looks EXACTLY like Jackie Ma from Sleeping Dogs, right down to the hairdo and freckles, so that's wierd.The soldier base models are all basically flat, they have zero silhouette and really wierd proportions. Even though there's more customization, somehow it feels more constrained, and I think it's due to there just being less interesting faces and hairdos available.And, once again (see: Batman: Arkham Knight), XCOM 2 has massive performance issues by trying to ship a ""next-gen"" game on a decade-old engine.Like Rocksteady, they bolted too many custom tools and rendering software onto Unreal Engine 3, and while Unreal is a fantastic engine, they both were trying to do rendering that the engine was just not meant to do. So, came the litany of ""I have a top-end machine and I get 20 FPS"" and ""Game crashes at launch"" on forums, and while I only had catastrophic issues once or twice, the load times and frame chug just inside the Skyranger are simply unforgivable.The story of XCOM losing was a bitter pill to swallow, but it gave a good start to why there's more aliens in the future. But beyond that, the presentation just lacks the same punch as Enemy Unknown. It lacks tension and a sense of urgency, even though that's what XCOM 2 is supposed to be completely centered around.I'll go watch the intro cinematic to Enemy Unknown just to watch it, because it gets me totally jazzed up to save the world. Michael McCann kills it with the music, and that stutter cut with the Skyranger gets me giddier than a schoolgirl to go shoot some aliens. On the other hand,the intro to XCOM 2 has scenes that should arguably be even more intense, but the lackluster directing, the totally midtone soundwork, it all made it feel so.... ordinary. Like blowing up ADVENT checkpoints is just what you do on a Tuesday afternoon. Though, Bradford jumping through a window was pretty sweet.The sense of tedium never goes away, as you're constantly shifting back and forth across zones because everything takes too long. You'll rarely finish one activity before you have to go do a guerilla op, oh did you happen to notice, ADVENT's  putting the boots to some hippies in a commune that happen to be our friends, hey you should go look at this wierd spot we found, oh by the way, you need to go pick up your monthly cheque from this spot because we couldn't be arsed to mail it to you direct, and there's a 3 day processing wait, did you want to sell stuff, well you gotta go fly there too, because apparently there's only ONE Black Market bazaar on the planet.There's a nice balance that Enemy Unknown struck between the Strategy and Tactical layers of their game, The Tactical portion was an overt stress-fest of playing hide-and-seek with bullets, doing Hail Marys behind the tiny log that is your only available cover, and hoping to Sweet Baby Ray's that the Meld canister you're after isn't just a total pod-fest of X-rays. The Strategy layer was much more subtle, and the contrast makes the game actually playable. The Strategy layer gives you time to think, to manage your resources and marshal your thoughts on your game plan. It can be a good 10 minutes before another mission crops up, which is good downtime for the player so they aren't keyed up for too long.XCOM 2 learned nothing from its predecessor. The constantly running around, the Doom Ticker front and center, everything takes too long, and missions pop up with an annoying frequency to how much you can actually get done in the Strategy layer before ""Hey, you gotta pop half-way round the world to go save those dirty hippies again"" There's really never time to rest in XCOM 2 and it's frankly exhausting even thinking about booting the game up.The last sticking point, and really the final straw for me, is really how screwed the game balance was, and continues to be. Instead of say, fixing the fact that missions play like a round of ""Whose Line is it Anyway?"", where the shot percentages are made up and the aiming angles don't matter, they decide a good idea is to heavily nerf one of the only options for consistent damage, and taking away the biggest reason you pick Volatile Mix (increased grenade radius). Not even mentioning removing the only means of stopping ""Run-n-Gun"" Chrysallids and Stun Lancers. And there was obviously decisions that were made akin to those bouts of insanity throughout its development. Tons of enemies have armour (DR in EU) and Shieldbearers can give anyone in a huge radius armour, fine. But they took out Shredder rounds, so the only ways are, Psyhic attacks on non-robotic enemies (which bypasses armour, so the rest of your squad is still stuck in DR hell), an extremely high-level perk for Rangers, and the aforementioned nerfed grenades. Thin Men made a new appearance as the Vipers, and they can strangle you from a distance, great! But, (up until a patch a couple weeks ago, where they can't dodge 100% shots anymore), they have a high chance to straight-up ignore half of incoming damage from any weapon that rolls to hit. Your squad starts most missions Concealed, which allows you to try and get the jump on your enemy by (potentially) setting up kill zones to obliterate a pod before they can shoot back, Awesome! But why is there a 10, or even better, a FIVE (yes, five) turn timer on the mission? It completely nullifies the concept of Concealment and geurilla warfare if your only option to succeed in the mission is to dash forward non-stop until you reach the objective, because you WILL run into a pod, you WILL lose Concealment, and after that, you can't hope to just keep running and expect to win.There's things to like in XCOM 2, but it's just such an unfun, buggy mess."
76561198079300037,Recommended,268500,21067933,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,giggityiggity,"Changed review to postive review because I found settings that run the game flawlessly without much sacrifice in visual quality.The fast-paced nature if the game no longer bothers me.I recommend using FXAA, turning Ambient Occlusion and Depth of Field off entirely and putting the Shadows on ""Directional Only"".  With these settings and everything else turned up to Max, I'm running the game at 1440p with 62-64fps in game constantly, and 120+fps in other areas of the game.EDIT: After the patch, I can now run FXAA, SSAO, Bokeh Depth of Field, and All Shadows and am getting 70-90 fps in game and 120fps on the loading screens!  Could not be happier!!  However, I still prefer to keep AO and DoF off and Shadows on Directional Only as I get over 100fps in game consistently and it never dips below 60fps at any time.  It's worth noting that there seems to also be a bug now where SLI users no longer have cover icons (I use SLI and the game runs about 100% better with it, so it's staying on regardless).  For NVIDIA users, I recommend also going into the NVIDIA Control Panel and turning on Anisotropic Optimization; it gives me about a 25-30 fps boost with little, if any, noticeable drop in visual quality.The gameplay is good, the visuals are superb, and the music and sounds are very well done and sound amazing on surround sound.  I recommend it if you enjoy fast-paced tactics games and killing alien scum."
,Recommended,268500,33985531,Posted: 2 August,all,eattwo,I played XCOM: Enemy Unknown and I liked it. So I got this game when it came out.I liked it.
,Recommended,268500,32777720,Posted: 25 June,all,Zalexion,I missed a 99% shot that resulted in the surviving heavy mech blowing up a car a wiping half my squad.Oh XCOM you cruel master.Of course I save scummedGreat game anyways.
,Not Recommended,268500,21590535,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Doggles Brand Doggles,"Listen: At its best, XCOM 2 is a great game and if you liked XCOM EU there is a lot you would like here. The good parts are covered in other positive reviews and I mostly agree with them.However, I cannot recommend this game as a $60 release in the state it is in.To be honest, I rarely buy games new at full price because I simply don't make that much money. However, I made an exception for this one because the buzz/preview coverage was very positive and I loved the formula established in EU. They couldn't mess it up THAT much, could they? In my opinion, they didn't and the gameplay experience is mostly great with a few minor quibbles here and there. But even considering that, the technical state this game is in makes me very wary about buying a game at launch ever again. I feel burned.The most noticeable thing is is that the performance is terrible - I SHOULD be able to run it at ultra or high settings at 60fps but am sitting around medium with occasional slowdown. Honestly it's a minor thing because graphics aren't the biggest deal to me, but it is still something that annoys me given everything else. But if it was the only thing? Totally fine.Unfortunately the bugs in this game are terrible. XCOM at it's best is a tight, no nonense strategy game where you make well thought out, in the moment decisions and live with the consequences. Unfortunately, bugs and crashes interrupt game flow and can make going through missions a slog. I currently have had three crashes in the middle of an action where a crash dialog box would pop up but I would be unable to force quit the game or access the task manager, forcing me to force restart my whole computer. Just my luck as every single time that I happened I was in a hectic situation that was going well for me. At that point I would have to go back to the game, load the last autosave and try and recreate the situation I was in before the game crashed. Completely breaks enjoyment of the game. I've gotten past them, but each time it happens make me less excited to return to the game.I've also had instances where I've completely destroyed all of the walls of a lower floor in the hopes it would drop an enemy from above only to have it not happen? My only guess is that if a ladder connects the ground to an upper floor it makes it so I can't destroy that floor, which is not a  bug I guess, but still ridiculous. In that same instance I couldn't target a unit that was behind said ladder despite there being no walls around it and despite the unit not being in any sort of cover.Right now I'm in a mission where I have to neutralize or knock out an advent VIP. There is a sectopod near the VIP, so I send a unit with chain shot up to try and shoot the sectopod. Presumably both the sectopod and the VIP are in my line of sight, but for whatever reason I can't change between targets - even when clicking the yellow (flanked) VIP icon or trying to tab between targets, it targets the sectopod. That would be fine except every times I confirm the shot on the sectopod, my soldier shoots the VIP. Excuse me? I was able to destroy the sectopod in another way, but only after reloading my autosave and trying to puzzle out how to get the game to do what I wanted (and should have) been able to do.In this same mission, I finally kill the enemies, knock out the VIP, and carry him away. However, when I knocked him out he was next to a burning car. NO MATTER HOW FAR I AM AWAY FROM THE CAR, and NO MATTER HOW MANY MORE UNITS ARE CLOSER TO THE VEHICLE, when the car explodes the VIP takes damage and dies. Once again, even my soldiers who are closer to the car than my unit carrying the VIP don't take damage. Only the VIP.There are other bugs and crashes, but none quite as egregious or memorable like the ones above. At this point I would have to reload the mission in a previous state to try and figure out a way to get past this particular bug. I don't want to do that and shouldn't have to, frankly. I'm not into Ironman difficulties but also don't like save scumming to get the outcome I want. In this case I'm savescumming because the game is messing up, which just sucks!At this point I feel like I'm trying to beat the game because I feel obligated, considering how much time I put into it, not because I really want to. And it's a shame because because the gameplay is pretty good and I should WANT to beat it because of how fun it is! But I just never know which mission is going to be the breaking point, where I finally hit a point where my best soldiers die not because of my mishandling but because of the game's mistakes. THAT is problematic and it  makes me not excited to return to this game. And maybe I won't. Who knows.It's been a month now and things aren't really ironed out still. I understand a lot of games ship in various states of disrepair but it shouldn't be like this. Maybe other people can get past these things, and maybe other people won't even come across these issues, but I personally wouldn't recommend buying this game at full retail price until it is patched extensively.EDIT:Since writing this review I have played for about three more hours, finishing the campaing. Despite the last mission being mostly great, my recommendation of this game remains the same. Aside from the regular shoddy performance, there were a few bad spots: once again selected one target only to somehow shoot at another, and two instances of not being able to throw a grenade/other item farther than a few squares away with two different soldiers in different locations. Was able to use other soldiers/skills to give me the result I more or less wanted, but still I am annoyed I wasn't able to do what I WANTED to do. Those things did not invalidate the mission as a whole but still muddied what should have been a great experience.Overall, the game's technical failings are a shame. When firing on all cylinders, this game is fantastic. However, the game's tight flow is too often interrupted by perfomance issues. Given just how IMPORTANT that flow is to making the game enjoyable, it's a damn shame that there are too many instances of you, the player, not being allowed to experience it. You feel like you're hitting a stride, and then all of a sudden a crash or a bug pops up and you stumble through no fault of your own leaving you to deal with the consequences or get back up and try all over again. That just sucks.Whether you just heard of this game in passing and were intrigued or loved Enemy Unknown, I would highly recommend you do NOT buy this game until there is a hefty sale going on or until it is reliably patched. Preferably the latter. This is a game that should be experienced with no technical caveats as the sytems underneath are enjoyable, addicting, and often rewarding. Unfortunately that time is not now. Or who knows? Maybe you won't experience the bugs I have, as some people didn't. Guess you could just roll the dice."
76561198040459950,Not Recommended,268500,26581173,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Archpeasant,"Having bought this recently, nine months after launch, I am stunned by the amount of glitches. XCOM2 does not feel like a finished game. At this point whenever I load it up, I expect to find a new bug or two.From a carried VIP not registering as alive on EVAC (there is a mod to fix this because the devs apparently could not be bothered?) to graphics glitches like the Make Weapons Available button disappearing, or a soldier's arms disappearing, to a save-breaking bug where the keyboard did nothing after reloading, to line of sight bugs (soldier could not see snake, snake tongue pulled him through solid walls), to getting two mind controlled enemies via lamp post hack instead of one, to Psi Zombies from a Dominated Gatekeeper showing up as lost soldiers on mission end screen. And so on and so forth.Only one of the above has been save-breaking so far, but I will not give a thumbs up to something that just doesn't work right half the time.Having said all that, the premise of the game is still good old XCOM.Good:- Concept of customising soldiers is great.- The guerrilla approach is novel and the turn counters make for good fun, though perhaps are a bit too common.- The gameplay is XCOM when it works. Great stuff.- Lots of nifty weapons and special skills. The skills seem to be better balanced than the original (2012) XCOM, in that you often have to consider your two options at the levelup instead of going for the clearly stronger one.- AWC perks are very cool, though they should be retroactive from the get go, or unlock at the final level if the right one has been passed, or something. 2012 XCOM had the same problem where you had to throw away your original A team because their will ended up inferior to new soldiers.- Shen's Last Gift is a good mission. I have not used the SPARK enough to do it justice, but the concept fits in.Bad:- Bugs. Lots and lots of bugs, glitches and annoying things that aren't working right.- Changing armors resets some customisation options, and sometimes they just bug out and change the props around.- Very slow loading times, slow animations and pauses between turns. Why do I need to press caps lock on a loading screen? Why doesn't the damn thing press it for me?Personal preference:- I found the character models and armors from the 2012 game to look better, more human.- Anarchy's children customisation options (For Digital Deluxe) are mostly glam rock and horror movie props that make no sense in the context of the game. There are a select few exceptions.- The strategy screen has no pause or fast forward buttons and the constant interruptions and holo-globe transitions are very jarring.- I would like to say something about Alien Hunters, but I did the scanning part and the Nest never showed up. Going to go ahead and guess this is another bug.- Swords are inferior to the shotgun, except in very rare and specific conditions.The bottom line in all this is - if you do not own XCOM Enemy Unknown/Within, go buy that instead. If you own that and want more, this is a beta version of a good sequel. I wouldn't pay full price for it."
76561198117535360,Recommended,268500,21029134,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Gilmore,"The game has many significant improvements over XCOM: Enemy Unknown, including.- A new Character Pool feature which lets you make characters from the main menu, which then can be used in your campaign.- You can now freely move around on the world map, it is now more than just a ""scan button.""- There are a lot more character customization options, you can now change the color of your weapon, name it, and many more new features.- XCOM 2 provides more of a challenge than XCOM: Enemy Unknown did.- The story is actually pretty good, (in comparison to XCOM: Enemy Unknown.)- The graphics are significantly better.- You can now customize your soldiers names and appearances in multiplayer.- XCOM 2 officially has mod support.Overall, i would definitely recommend this game to anyone that enjoyed XCOM: Enemy Unknown."
,Recommended,268500,26022305,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Malufaun (Xipe),*Council mission appears on my screen*Got to do a vip rescue mission*Took my australian medic Eugene Davidson in the squad*Skyranger arrives at the LZ*Killing Advent*Wild Archon King appears*Archon King activates blazing pinions*Have to move VIP to not loose the mission*Eugene Davidson is hit*Eugene Davidson gets unconscious*Archon King escapes*Game bugs*Cant carry Eugene to the pick up point*Forced to leave Eugene Davidson behind*Eugene is captured by the enemy*I cry for the lost of Eugene*Start to train another medic*2 months have passed*Another Council mission appears*Another VIP mission*Eugene Davidson is the VIP*Launch my best squad to save their buddy*Find Eugene Davidson*Successfully rescue Eugene*Eugene is wounded for 24 days*24 days after I can deploy Eugene in missions again11/10 would send Eugene Davidson in another VIP rescue mission again
76561198137715542,Recommended,268500,34298401,Posted: 16 August,all,The Blind Bandit,"Thought timers were frustrated at first but they add lots of tension to the gameplay. Fair warning, this game is not for the faint of heart. 8/8"
,Recommended,268500,26360748,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,terrymcgrady,"The game is fantasitc, same flavor as XCOM 1, even bigger and better.However the performance is sooooooooooooo bad. I don't know why this game requires so much computing power with graphics like this.I understand that Firaxis was busying with CIV 6. Since now CIV is released, would you kindly look into this issue and release a new patch?"
,Recommended,268500,34374667,Posted: 20 August,all,borderline,"There's simply nothing quite like XCOM. No other game I've played, in my something like twenty years of playing video games has had me screaming, crying, taunting, cheering and biting my fist with the frequency and ferocity of XCOM. Every campaign is deeply personal, full of organic moments and stories. Every time a soldier falls, you become more and more determined to smash ADVENT. Every mistake, every bruise, every loss makes you a better commander. You start off as the underdog; outnumbered, outgunned and outmatched by ADVENT. As you research new tech, as your staff and soldiers become battle-hardened and experience, and as you learn and adapt, you become an unstoppable force.XCOM2 is quite simply one of the best games produced in recent history, an absolutely fantastic and engrossing example of why games are a uniquely brillant art form. Yes, art. XCOM is f'ing art man."
76561198046455703,Not Recommended,268500,32631218,Posted: 21 June,all,Seal,"This game is fun, polished and challenging, but I find it impossible to shake the feeling of being rushed through the campaign by the avatar project and for that reason I cannot recommend it. As a strategy game with many facets and mechanics to explore, you'd think there would be time to play around and experiment while still enjoying a challenge; but on the higher difficulties, unless you're doing everything flawlessly right off the hop, you are punished by cumulative enemy buffs and the game over timer (which can only be slowed, not stopped). There are likely many veteran commanders out there who enjoy the the thrill of trying to stay a step ahead of the aliens, but as someone who likes to build a narrative over the course of a campaign, and enjoys seeing long terms effects of my decisions, I'm frustrated with how rushed everything feels.TLDR: you will like this game if you like trying to meet quickly approaching deadlines with success heavily dependant on RNG."
76561198041924801,Recommended,268500,20988081,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Holy Athena,"Once again steam reviews are plagued by opinionated people who exagerate the ""cons"" to make it sound far worse than it really is, just because there's some aspects in the game they don't like.I hope I got your attention. Good.Now as many reviewers have said I will say as well. Most negative reviews talk about performance: MSAA will slice your FPS, turn it off or enable FXAA. There will be a patch soon to optimise it.Now that we go that out of the way.X-com 2 is based after the events in X-com 1. You've lost the war, and well.. read the store page for more info. The point is, the game plays like this. You're a resistance cell, not a full fledged world army equipped with the best of everything. Apparently people are down voting because it doesn't play like this. (Get gud?)The biggest complaint apart from optimization is the mission timers in the battles. Most reviews exagerate the mother loving heck out of this as they hate missions which are timed. Fair enough. There IS a mod which removes this already, so if turn timers are not your thing, there you go.If a game is going to have timers for missions, then they need to make sense right? Well in X-com they do. They make perfect sense for the missions which have them. You just broke a highly important VIP to the Aliens out of confinement, you're a resistance cell with limited manpower and resources, of course you're going to have to get the hell out of dodge and fast once you break that guy out. It makes sense no? It's REALISTIC. It's IMMERSIVE.. You know.. those things which people apparently hate in games these days.Setting my own butthurt at societies downfall in terms of gaming aside, the time limit, and how often you run into them is changed depending on difficulty, so if you dont' like timed missions to often, but like them for when they make sense, you can adjust the difficulty level of the game and it will throw less at you.Apart from that, I love how it feels like you are actually a resistance cell in a mobile base. Scavanging for equipment on the battlefield when enemies drop them, selling parts, corpses, and other alien artifacts on the Black Market to get Intel, and buying/trading/selling in Intel on the Black Market to gain goods to fill the holes of research and bad RNG rolls in battles in terms of mods you find, make it feel like you are the aggressors against a superior foe.The stealth system in place for most missions is excellent as well, allowing you to scout out the land and enemies before engaging, and setting up ambushes which could wipe the slate in that area entirely before the aliens have time to respond.There is now a better world map as well, This is where you move your mobile base from region to region, unlock new regions by contacting the resistance cells in that area, and take on side missions to gain supplies, Intel, etc.-----------------Over all the game isn't bad by any means. Some performance issues which should be fixed relatively soon, good immersion, great classic game mechanics from X-com 1.-------------------If you're still wondering about the complaints on this game. There are 2 people on the forums are can articulate points far better than me. There is ALOT of debate on the timers in this game. These are 2 great responses.Martial.lore:The timers are essential. Turtling is not a tactic. The squad isn't trying to find a good picnic spot. XCOM is a guerrilla force that has to make lighting strikes before going back into hiding.This theme is reinforced by every mechanic in the game from the short individual timers on the globe to the reinforcement drops that come when you just desperately want to get everyone to the evac point.Sometimes you just have accept that there was not enough time for your ill-equipped soldiers to complete their objective and stay alive, and sometimes sacrifices have to be made for the greater good.Failure is hard to accept but without the timers the potential for disaster during missions would be missing and the game would not be worthy of the XCOM name.If it didn't upset players complacency and make them furious at how unfair life is then where is the fun in that? Sometimes FTL makes me very angry but it's one of my favorite tactical video games and I am generally very good at playing it.Once I have learned how to succeed with XCOM 2 I imagine that even though they will feel familiar and seem easier to deal with, the timers will still screw up a good plan once in a while and get good people killed.Perish the thought that this were a game in which every move, every action and every decision did not have consequences.Jolly:""It mostly IS blind hate against timers. People complaining without really give it a try, or even trying.""Because most of the timers are idiotic, and pretty much all of them are poorly implemented.""Um, no. Idiotic? That's opinion and not one I'd agree with. Poorly implemented? It's a countdown on the screen - what do you want, an hourglass? I dancing girl who removes clothes til the ""time"" is up? WTF.Most of the people complaining can't seem to let go of their old XCOM ways. They want to turtle thru full cover overwatch and lure aliens into easy kills. It's a weak ""tactic"" that takes advantage of poor AI that suicides into that crap.The timers, which only appear in about half the missions if you actually play the game more than you cry about it, aren't even for entire missions, usually just for objectives. The cause you to move a little fast, to tak risks, take you out of your comfort zone, and they obliterate the cheeseball reliance on overwatch luring.What's sad is that if you actually play the game with an open mind, the timers are no big deal. If you just decide you're going to cry about the timers no matter what, which is ignorant, then you desreve the misery you bring upon yourself.XCOM 2 is a glorious game and a triumph of design. Embrace and love it for everything that it offers, which is a megaton."""
76561197980238865,Not Recommended,268500,26510722,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Blarghalt,"I really, really wish Steam had a 'Mixed' review option.In the sequel to the fantastic reboot, it's now canon that you lost the first war and now XCOM is a resistance cell fighting against the ADVENT Coalition, headed by the enigmatic Elders (Ethereals).While the game has tons of potential, I feel like the devs took all the wrong cues from a certain XCOM mod.My first real complaint is the concealment system that allows you to remain hidden until you 'go loud' and begin actual shooting. However, this seems to accomplish very little, especially when the time limit (another gampelay feature I question) is so stringent, and in some cases, literally impossible.Enemies are also broken as hell, and the game seems to have no grasp of when to introduce new enemies. In the first month alone, you start running into one enemy that can literally sprint halfway across the map and kill your guys in one hit. I'm a Classic Ironman veteran of Enemy Unknown, but here it just seems like enemies were straight-up designed to make you take unavoidable losses. There's no sense of parity; either you ambush and kill all the enemies on the first turn or they WILL kill you in three.And for the game's biggest sin: the strategic map. Instead of a ticking doom meter that you can manage by playing well, there's now the Avatar Project to deal with. And here's the problem: not only does the Avatar project show up way too early, but it progresses way, way too fast. Not only that, but there's *specific missions* you have to accomplish to bring it down, and oftentimes those missions will spawn in places beyond your reach. The whole thing just dangles this time limit above the player's head that they have very little control over, and seeing it tick up every month doesn't bring a sense of urgency likes the devs probably thought it would, it's just damn frustrating.With those negative points up in the air, I should mention the positives:* The combat system is as good as EU's, just suffers from the ridiculous enemy progression/unbalance I mentioned* Much better mod support, including some mods to reduce/remove some of the negative points of the game* SO MUCH CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION. If you loved XCOM for customizing your soldiers, you'll probably like 2 for this alone.This is a okay, but very flawed sequel. I didn't like this for the same reason I don't like Long War; what the devs consider challenging I just consider tedious and annoying."
,Recommended,268500,33429211,Posted: 10 July,all,alphyna,"XCOM2 is not flawless. It has bugs, including very unfortunate ones (isn't it fun to find out that your beloved colonel Ranger, who has recently become Death, the Destroyer of Mobs, and was knocked unconscious, can't be picked up and will have to go MIA?). It has way too much unskippable animation—even in the faster mode you'll still see ""cinematic"" overwatch triggers, and managing the base can get a bit tedious due to, once again, animations. Sometimes you can fight the cursor for a minute while trying to make your Ranger attack the enemy from the right side.But these are all extremely minor gripes, of course. The core gamplay of XCOM has long become legendary, and it's as slick and fun as ever, with clear distinctive visuals, great level design, and the ever-beloved option to design your whole extended family into not-quite-space marines and watch them die excruciating deaths due to missing three 90%-chance shots in a row.The price tag is intimidating, but if turn-based tactical games appeal to you in the slightest, you definitely should buy this.Then again, you most likely already have."
76561197960802490,Recommended,268500,32730100,Posted: 24 June,all,MasterZar,"So I waited awhile for this game to go on sale to buy and I kind of wish I didn't but I'm probably more satisfied with 23.99$ spent than I ever have been before. This game is amazing and gets so many things right. After some time in vanilla and I do mean some time you can start to install the mods which will turn it into a whole new game again. I rarely review games, I think Witcher 2 and 3 and this might be my only recommended ones written. And only 1 or 2 negative so I don't do this unless it actually strongly impresses or disgusts me. Quick Super Easy Breakdown: Great strategy game, great graphics, great mods, unbelievable replay value. Even Co-Op mod to play with friends. Buy it on Summer Sale now and enjoy sleeping easy knowing you got this great game for a great price! Deadpool is calling me back now to throw more nades, toodles! (Deadpool Voice Mod)"
76561197960337918,Recommended,268500,25463749,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Farre,"Xcom 2 is like playing a chess with a really great looking gameboard and chess pieces. Game is slow-paced and you are supposed to lose sometimes. If you are looking for fast action and immediately results this is not the game for you.Core gameplay is solid gold. You can have up to 6 soldiers under your command per mission. Missions have different kind of goals and some require to be completed within 8 - 12 turns. Something like 3/5 missions have a turn timer but I didn't find it problematic as I nearly always had 2-3 turn ""spare time"" when I completed the mission goal. When people start dying it is often your own fault. There are total of 6 soldier classes, all with unique abilities and skills. Classes feels different with many combinations available how to assemble your squad. If you have played Xcom:EU you learn the new game mechanics within first few hours. All the enemies are new or atleast altered so you don't feel like playing Xcom: EU with a new plot.Story is interesting and revealed by tiny pieces after completing missions and specific researches. There is a nice pacing with cutscenes and reading when moving forward the main plot. There ain't that many character in the game but they are all well written, besides that annoying little Shen.In campaign map you make the big decisions: what recourses to get, what region to help, which missions to accept, where to build facilities, how to utilize your staff... You can't get everything, you usually choose what you need most at the time. Making these decions is the most rewarding part of the game.Xcom 2 is still plagued by performance and optimize issues even the game was launched more thanhalf year ago. Animations lags sometimes even with no action on the screen and they lag like hell when there are multiple fire/acid burning animations going on. Loading a mission can take up to a minute to load and returning to base takes the same. Pretty often there are 10 to 20 seconds ""pauses"" during alien turns when the game clearly think what it should do. It is also a pain to board the skyranger as in some missions you have to invidially move all units to extraction area and watch the painfully slow animation about your soldiers getting aboard. Sure this is a minor thing as almost every con in this game but when there are too many of these  annoying little things they really begin to affect your game experience. When game is turn-based = pretty slow going  you really don't like any additional issues to slow the game down.There is also one extremely frustrating bug that I have to mention here. Sometimes your soldiers and aliens can shoot through floors/roof when there is accessible multiple-floor building in the map. This line of sight bug has been in Xcom 2 since launch. Some people even argue that it is a feature because ""aliens have supernatural powers and roof has holes for you to shoot through"". No this is not the case, building can be in perfect condition and no one is outside the building to give you vision on enemies but magically you see them loud and clear.Overall game experience was not as satisfying as Xcom: EU was, still I strongly recomend to try this if you liked the predecessor. It took 30 hours to beat the game on veteran diffulty and game was enternaining right to the end. There are amazing variety of mods available so you can tweak the game to suit better your playstyle/taste. Played with no mods, Anarchy's child and Shen's last gift DLCs enabled and Alien hunter DLC disabled as I had read some horrible feedback about the second DLC.10 - Perfect game9 - Excelent game, best of the genre8 - Good game, worth your time7 - Average game, nothing really special6 - Bad game, avoid5 - Painful to play, completely waste of time4 - Failed game, unpayable"
,Not Recommended,268500,24325518,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,CriticKitten,"EDIT: This review is now outdated with the release of War of the Chosen.  Please visit that review for my most up-to-date assessment of this game.After some consideration, I've opted to re-review this game with the new content added.  For reference, my original review did recommend this game.  However, I have changed my mind because the DLC has actually made things worse, not better.  I will also attempt to avoid spoilers as much as possible.CORE GAME:In this game, you are once again the Commander....however, in this game's universe, XCOM lost the war, and humanity gave in to the aliens.  The aliens have taken over and have convinced humanity that they're looking out for the human race.  Obviously, this is not the case, as people still seem to be going missing and there's word of an ""Avatar Project"" under developement by the aliens.  Thus, you must once again lead XCOM to victory against the alien menace.  You now manage a rag-tag group of rebels with limited supplies and troops at your disposal.  The theory behind this is simple: because of your limited resources, you must pick and choose your battles, deciding what to focus on and what to leave behind.  In theory, it's a great idea, and the core game itself is an enjoyable experience.Unfortunately, it's marred by several design decisions that were clearly intended to help it better resemble the ""Long War"" mod from the previous game, to the game's overall detriment.The game has done away with satellites and replaced them with a new mechanic.  You instead fly around the world uniting local resistance groups to obtain your monthly funds.  While this mechanic is preferable in my mind to the satellite system, it still requires you to build unique buildings in order to collect all the sectors and their bonuses.  Further, as the enemy works towards its secretive ""Avatar Project"", many of its facilities will be planted in regions you haven't reached yet, forcing you to dump resources into expansion instead of making your troops better, which could hurt you in the long run.Resource generation is extremely random, often to the point of frustration.  This will often happen even if you're not really mismanaging your resources at all.  As a result, you'll be scrounging for everything in the early game and may even find it hard to keep your troops properly equipped against your enemy's increasingly stronger armies.  Finding resources on enemies can help matters, but you have to move in range to pick them up, and you only get a limited number of turns to do so.  This also holds true of your own gear: if a soldier goes down (unconscious), you must retrieve them in order to save them.  Otherwise, they and their gear will be lost forever.But perhaps the biggest problem that most people have with the game is the very strong emphasis on timers.  I think they make sense in many cases, but there are serious issues with the way some of these missions are timed, and the timers are often extremely unforgiving.  I have had missions where I was simply unable to complete the mission due to a combination of any number of factors: the number of enemies thrown at me, the way the map had been laid out, the number of turns I'd been given, as well as DLC factors (more on that later).  And the Avatar Project itself loves to play unfairly, building facilities much too far away from you to reach quickly.  I once had a facility constructed several regions away from any of my existing ones, and I had to watch helplessly as the project ticked down to my doom because I lacked the resources to reach it and it was rapidly speeding up the project's progress.  So many elements in this game are random that it's entirely possible to fail, with no recourse to save yourself, through no fault of your own.DLC CONTENT:The DLC adds interesting story elements that could have been quite wonderful.  Unfortunately, the design of the DLC will often give you these new quests very early into your game....which is typically well before you've got the firepower to deal with these threats.I remember finding myself staring down a Sectopod in one of these missions, with my squad of five solders armed with conventional weapons and not one of them high enough to have a lot of reliable means of armor-shredding.  I was fortunate that the Spark soldier provided to me had armor-shredding of his own, and that my troops all carried grenades, or I probably would have lost at least one soldier in that mission.  Instead, I limped through with multiple injuries which crippled my roster for the weeks to come.  Similarly, in another story mission, I was facing a monstrosity with two separate health bars (yes, two) that apparently received a free turn every time I made any sort of move.  Naturally, he decided to show up during an extraction mission with a limited timer, knocked one of my men unconscious, and through his distractions made the mission impossible to complete in the time alloted, resulting in a loss of over half my men and a failure to save the VIP.And that's what I meant earlier when I said ""the DLC made the game worse, not better"".  Shen's Gift is perhaps the least offensive DLC because it's over in short order and provides useful benefits for the long term in the form of Spark soldiers (XCOM 2's version of the MEC), but its ""boss"" is ridiculous for such an early level encounter, and unless you've got lots of armor shredding handy, the generic MECs and turrets could end up turning this mission into a meatgrinder for you.  The three ""rulers"" from the Alien Hunters DLC, on the other hand, refuse to stay in their own missions and will make a habit of showing up in missions they don't belong.  They will even show up in limited time missions, which can often ruin your entire day.  It is truly infuriating to be playing a mission well, only to have your mission spoiled through no fault of your own by the sudden appearance of a boss monster that doesn't belong in the mission in the first place.  Anarchy's Children is barely worth mentioning as it only really adds a lot of Mad Max-esque gear which you'll use on a few toons, maybe, and then never again.CONCLUSION (TL;DR):All in all, XCOM 2 has the core of a great game, but is ultimately ruined by its attempts to appeal more to the minority ""hardcore"" crowd that loves Long War than to its original XCOM 1 audience.  The only means by which I can recommend this game is if you install a number of mods through the Workshop to decrease the game's reliance on randomized nonsense.  Otherwise, you will find yourself very frustrated, very fast."
,Recommended,268500,31898224,Posted: 22 May,all,Erudito,"I have a love/relationship with this game.TL;DR: Play Enemy Unknown first. Buy this if you like that game.PROS - Unique take on classic strategy game, Solid successor to XCOM: Enemy Unknown, Adds much needed features lacking in predecessor, excellent workshop support and replayability.CONS - The game can be frustrating and unfair, different from classic XCOMs, not recommended as someone's first XCOM game, paid DLC is overshadowed by free workshop content and doesn't add enough, no major changes since launch.-PROS-Unique take on classic strategy game: XCOM has always been centered around an elite force fighting outside invaders. However, with XCOM 2, this changes. The aliens are controlling the planet, XCOM is disbanded and disavowed, and all known associates are gone. The game places the Commander in an all new role or Resistance leader, fighting an organized and controlling majority as an undertrained, undersourced minority. This new take is a breath of fresh air for the series, and I greatly appreciated it.Solid successor to XCOM: Enemy Unknown: 2011's Enemy Unknown was an excellent reboot to the XCOM series and modernized a series that is archaic in my opinion. The classic XCOM:UFO Defense is a great game, but is clearly aged and isn't intuitive to modern players. XCOM 2 builds on Enemy Unknown and continues gameplay that is smart, exciting, and keeps the classic XCOM blend of luck and skill.Adds much needed features lacking in predecessor such as excellent workshop support and replayability: XCOM: Enemy Unknown is a great game, but lacked features to make it truly perfect. XCOM 2 adds many of these features, such as full mod support from launch as well as developer commissioned mods adding anything from enemy types and weapons to overhaul mods like Spectrum and the fabled Long War 2 that increase replayability tenfold.-CONS-The game can be frustrating and unfair: This game is balanced towards aliens, as per the theme. However, sometimes this results in a game that almost requires ""save scumming"", that is, reloading a save over and over until RNG picks the result you want. This is partially because of hit percentage. Attacking someone who is behind full cover will almost always result in a miss, which is reasonable. However, when getting an angle on enemies, this is a gray area. Flanking at an almost 90 degree angle should provide major aim bonuses, however will act as if you are looking straight on, and will likely miss. However, when the game registers the soldier as flanking, this is much less of an issue. The lines of sight are also silly, sometimes firing through a wall or hiding behind a lightpost that's thin as wire and takes bullets like a magnet. This is able to be fixed with mods, and is included in some such as Long War 2. However, it should be noted that the base game has this problem. It's also of note that enemies rarely have this problem when hitting you, and a lucky shot on your recruit can turn him into a scared militia with a rifle to a puddle on a dirty street and a series of laser burns.Different from classic XCOM games: Classic XCOM games are simply more in depth and more strategic. This can be a pro or a con depending on your preference, and personally I like the newer system. However, if you're familiar with older games and are looking into XCOM 2 with that in mind, I highly recommend buying Enemy Unknown before hand to familiarize with the mechanics.Paid DLC is overshadowed by free workshop content and doesn't add enough and no major changes since launch: Workshop support is a double edged sword for developers. While the community is free to publish content, this leaves little room for developers to build on the game. As such, the DLC adds content that is easily outweighed by mods, and isn't worth the money in comparison. Additionally, the game has been optimized since launch, but no major additions or changes have been made. If it wasn't your cup of tea at launch, its unlikely that you'll like it now.-VERDICT-This game is great. I honestly love it. I am a fan of the Resistance theme, the concept of fighting as an underdog against a juggernaut of an enemy. The mods have made this game into something truly replayable and customizable, and I find myself playing it again and again, even moreso than Enemy Unknown. However, I can understand if it's not for everyone. It can be buggy, it can be unfair, and even I'm frustrated at times. Despite this, the game offers so much to draw me back in and change my playthroughs that I can't help but love this game. It has been one of my top played games since release and shows no signs of being replaced."
76561197971820531,Not Recommended,268500,24486789,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Burnstar,"Edit: 2017-09-01With the release of War of the Chosen, most of my complaints below have been resolved. SPARKs are still no MECs, but Covert Ops are back (side missions that your troops can do), multiple factions (Lost & Chosen) who shake up missions, etc. Many, many more options to take on at the strategic layer, almost too many.As long as you're willing to buy WotC, I highly recommend it. If you feel that WotC is too expensive, then wait for a sale, don't just get the base game by itself. My recommendation is predicated on having the x-pack, which is the only reason this is still a thumbs down.-------- Original review:Honestly my biggest beef with this game is the step back it took from Enemy Within. No gene mods, no MECs (the new SPARK units from Shen's Last Gift are a very poor replacement), no alternate mission types (covert Ops), no third faction (EXALT).The biggest problem is just how boring the strategic layer is. Not saying XCOM:EW was massivly interesting in that deparment, but at least with EXALT & controlling terror, it felt like you had more choices. Here it's just ""fly to scan site, get interrupted by a mission, fly back to scan site""."
76561198198617862,Recommended,268500,33989782,Posted: 3 August,all,springerdaniel2,"Bought This game recently and have been playing it almost nonstop.  Only problem I have with the game is that it isnt very well optimized (bugs,fps drops, etc) but overall the quality is great.  Love the plethora of mods as well, Really adds to the game."
76561197999385566,Recommended,268500,21087762,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,redshadovv,"XCOM 2 is essentially XCOM 1 with everything dialed up a notch. The short of it is that if you liked and played XCOM 1 for any significant amount of time then you are almost guaranteed to enjoy XCOM 2.Great new additions or significant improvements:RNG:The huge role random chance played in the core mechanics of XCOM 1 was something that really bothered me and many other players. Thankfully, in this iteration, there are so many more ways of dealing guaranteeing damage that it is relatively simple to mitigate RNG almost completely with the appropriate style of play. A few things allow this: first off more abilities that are guaranteed to deal damage including combat protocol on the specialist and weapon upgrades that deal dmg on missed shots, cover is more destructible this time around which allows you to easily expose enemies for reliable shots and most importantly the way the game works now allows and even encourages aggressive flanking. It is not uncommon to get 90-100% shot success on most missions mid way through the campaign now as a result.Aggression and overwatch spam:Due to the way the maps were configured and the constant threat of activating additional groups of enemies, a very defense oriented and overwatch centered tactical play style was considered optimal in XCOM 1. This is entirely not the case in XCOM 2. The way the maps are setup now, it feels like you have much more room to maneuver around the map without fatally exposing your squad. With the concealment mechanic which lets you sneak up on the aliens and with the presence of turn limits on many more missions this time around, the game actually encourages an aggressive playstyle where you take out enemy groups with 1-2 turns of activating them through aggressive flanking and, as is my preference, heavy use of explosives. Another important aspect of this is that using explosives no longer equates to losing the loot you desperately need to fund your operations. It’s a little bit more complicated than that but generally speaking you don’t have to stress so much about not blowing up the aliens this time around.Additional customization options:I really wasn’t into tweaking the appearance of my soldiers in XCOM 1 that much but with the mind blowing amount of customization options available now, I’m really getting attached to some of my soldiers that I’ve decked out to look badass. The character pool system which lets saved soldiers randomly appear in your campaign as recruits or VIPs or scientists and engineers is also quite brilliant and unexpected allowing for favorite soldiers to effortlessly reappear in a new campaign. With the out of the box support for mods through steam workshop, the already staggering number of options will only grow.Things which are problematic:Unresponsiveness:I had this complaint with XCOM 1 as well. What I’m talking about is how the game loves to take control away from you in the middle of the action, locking the camera and disabling input while it makes you stare at a “new” enemy that you’ve already seen before accompanied by Central or the Doctor essentially telling you what you most likely already know. There is seemingly more of that this time around and some abilities, in particular gremlin abilities on the specialist have unnecessarily long animations for you to endure. Some of this also applies to the UI in the macro game (the avenger and geoscape). Transferring from the geoscape to the armory menu for instance, take entirely too long and clicking while the animation is in progress may end up sending you to another menu accidentally which only serves to frustrate the matter more.UI streamlining:In the course of trying to make the UI less dense, a lot of useful information has been buried further down in menus. This leads to a lot of unnecessary clicking to find important bits of information and makes comparing some stats across soldiers unjustifiably painful. The biggest culprit of course, is not being able to see vital soldier stats side by side across soldiers, including their hp and what upgrades they have installed on themselves and their gear. There are several other places where the streamlined approach makes information difficult to discern or understand due to ambiguity, but all this one can get used to eventually, even though some frustration will be encountered along the way. I suspect this is once again a symptom of PC games being constrained by a UI designed for a controller. It’s not a major gripe, but it is something which should have been improved in this iteration and not the other way around as it stands now."
,Recommended,268500,21110808,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Target Audience:Tactical Combat Fans that want a challenge, and don't have beefs with the RNG gods.Review Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsQH16fF9DcSummary:The game that has everything going for it as a sequel to one of the best reborn franchises of the last 5 years.....with one huge exception. The tactical combat from the original returns with some additional units and mechanics that takes it to the next level. The small changes like additional focus on timed missions helped the game in the big picture a lot, and the improved balance/skill trees made every class a great boon in the right situation. The simulation portion of the game may have been streamlined....but it was for the better in my opinion, as it makes an impact on your combat performance directly. The visuals for the most part are nice, although it will take you out the experience as well with some bad glitches. The story makes a bit more sense this time around and while its filled with scifi tropes, it does the job. This would be a shoe-in purchase if the performance issues, load times, and glitches are taken care of, because they REALLY create a major problem in the end, as I would have stopped playing if I wasn't formal reviewing the game. If you've got a backlog: play through it first, and wait for some of the issues to be fixed.Lists:My Positives:The well known combat is still as good as ever, with incremental improvements. Difficult but smartly put together.Class balance seems to be there a bit more this time around..Psy operatives were useful and still strong, but a great grenadier or ranger could give them a run for their money.Simulation elements wisely refined, and seemed to make the difference in the battle in the long run.Like the addition of more timed missions: it forces  less conservative play, and put your units more in danger, but not to the point where it was unwinnable.Great character customization added that makes the sting of losing a soldier that much harder, when you've put the effort in crafting them from the bottom up. Your soldiers also can have a nice in-game personality that actually shows up in the lines.Great move on Firaxis part to put in mod support on day one. I expect a lot to be done, as there's a lot of potential in the various weapons/units/etc.The secondary equipment makes a huge difference this time around, and there was actually huge reasons to take it along as opposed to another med pack.Improved visuals, in particular with character designs. Like the simple yet effective designs of the Viper and the Gatekeeper.For those who really want it, Firaxis put several autosaves in there at the start of a mission and last turn. If you're a cheater. Cause it's cheating.My Negatives:Hate, hate the new graze system. It adds an element to combat that you don't know what it directly does in terms of percent probability for it to happen, and is generally an unknown factor. It's the one thing you don't know, and it will REALLY get on your nerves.Panic system seems to mean less then before.Held together by glue and string, it seems. The game can run great at times, but when something goes wrong, bad things happen to not only the performance, but the in game mechanics get messed with as well. It's unstable.The loading times. My god the loading times. At one point, it took 3 minutes,  27 seconds to load into the next portion of the game. Unoptimized, the game is not.Glitch Fest 2000. Hits a wide spectrum of issues, from graphical, to camera, to in-game affecting. Takes you right of the experience. It's funny at times....but really annoying at others. Especially when the camera decides to show you a wall because it can't figure out jack♥♥♥♥♥♥The music doesn't do the job like the original. It just doesn't have the punch, it's good....but compared to the original, it just doesn't work at ALL."
76561198197517446,Recommended,268500,30891671,Posted: 1 April,all,Hunter,"Okay. So i played the crap out of this game. As you can see at my play hours.I understood and learned a bunch of things about it, so let's get started:The game takes place 20 years after the Defeat of XCOM in the original game, going from a timeline where they lost their base at the hands on the alien Invasion. From there, they now work at a salvaged Alien Ship, from the looks of it seems to be one of the Heavy class ship of old. Earth is now subjugated and you are the leader of the resistance forces who fight against their rule. You, the Commander, must fight back against a new and sinister enemy know as ADVENT, an governemnt organization created by the Coalition between humans and the Alien Elders, while trying to stop a secret project that could be the end of mankind.GAMEPLAY ASPECTS and thoughts on it:> The RNG and POSITIONING-Tactical based gameplay similar to the original game, but improved. More organized than the previous titles.It requires not only strategic thinking to turn odds to your favor, but also a little bit of luck in a RNG dice roll. That said, the RNG is heavily influenced by how you are positioned and protected.You will not hit every shot, and the aliens can hit you with some lucky shots, however both of you are governed by the same rules, with the veteran difficulty balancing the tip towards your favor with ""Miss Streaks"" and ""Aim Assists"" for your soldiers. At higher difficulties, those differences cease, you and the aliens obey the same odds.A bad positioning effectively means your defeat, and a strong positioning can lead you to victory. Keep that in mind while playing and you will find yourself depending less on luck and more in how you place your troops. (It may happen the hilarious 95% chance miss, it's not frequent and quite rare, unless the game really decided to hate you all of a sudden).> SKILLS and ABILITIES-Abilities are important, as they can bless you with guaranteed hits you will definetly need in some situations. It can turn the tide of battles very quickly to your favor. That said, the enemy can do the very same things with their abilities should the circunstances present themselves. Two units close to each may result in a grenade flying towards you. Or one of the powerful abilities the aliens have may be used against you.With that in mind you will understand that some aliens must be taken out first, or that will result in one of your troopers being dragged across the map or half of your squad poisoned.Different Aliens mean different aproach and different strategies, learn your enemy in order to defeat them.> CLASSES and PROGRESS- There are effectively 4 default classes for your troops with 1 special class divided in two ability trees that give them different roles in combat, the abilities can be mixed, so you are not stuck with just one role or the other, and given the proper infrastructure, you can retrain them (although you cannot change their class)- The Aliens do have different types of enemies with different abilities, however their upgrades are based around the progression know as ""force level"" and ""Dark Events"".-> The force level effectively defines the type of alien you will face, as well as the upgrades towards aliens you already encounter. A common trooper will become and Advanced trooper as the time moves forward, and later in the game you will be facing Elite level troopers and more powerful Aliens.-> Dark Events are strategic elements that rule over your campaign, they can last 1 to 2 months depending on the Event, or add points to their secret project. They can range from adding poison coated ammo to your enemies, or sent a UFO to hunt your SHIP.>RESEARCH:The research element is straight to the point, have a material, research it. Have a corpse, autopsy it. Have a thing, do this thing. You can improve your research time with more scientists.>ENGINEERING:Also straight to the point. You research a thing, you acquired a blueprint on that thing, you build that thing.With the exception on the proving grounds, where takes time to construct an armor or make said blueprint. Experimental item blueprints give you a random item that can make a hell of a difference in your performance. Or building an more advanced armor that is not the default medium choice.-TIP-Research and Engineering can save you if you had your star squad wiped by a couple of bad decisions, however, losing missions over and over may result in campaign victory for the aliens, and you falling behind in force level category, where there's simply no way for you to face them anymore without you effectively turning a simple encounter into an epic struggle between untrained troops and powerful alien overlords.Which most of the time will result in Death if you are not of the most experienced XCOM player.That said, these elements make an realistic representation in technology gap, if you don't keep up with your enemy, you will get steam rolled across the battlefield. It also means that if you manage to get the Early advantage in boosting your crew Engineers and Scientist staff, you will effectively do the same thing to them, although it all comes down in how you manage your squad into battle. Once you get the hang of it, you will rarely lose a mission, maybe a soldier or two.>STORYLINE MISSIONS and OBJECTIVES:- There are a couple of missions that represent the Storyline progression, which are required to complete in order to reach the end and win the game. Some have the term of ""catasthropical failure"", which results in instant victory for the aliens should you lose it. Missions with that term allow you to restart it and try again, or restart the game with a new campaign. One of the two.--------- In regards to DLC -----------Alien Hunters:- This DLC adds four new powerful itens and three new powerful aliens for you to face along your campaign. With a story element should you decide to have the complete.-> Having the story mode selected you will have a mission that starts the scenario, the enemies will not appear until you decide to.-> Not having the story mode selected results in the enemies appearing normaly in the campaign and the weapons appearing in the engineering section for you to build them.Shen's last gift:- This DLC adds a MEC to your squad. An early game useless unit but a late game monster with the technological improvements. Like the Alien Hunters, it does have an story element that allows you to start the DLC. If not selected, you will be able to build it as soon as you get the Proving grounds.Anarchy's Children:- A cosmetic DLC, it adds anarchy themed cosmetics to the game for you soldiers customization. The flavour is not for everyone and honestly, you can find better mods for your cosmetics. Although it has a cool piece here and there, it doesn't justify a DLC.Resistance warrior pack:- Another cosmetic DLC, that in it's size, doesn't justify a DLC. And for some reason is not included in the reinforcement pack.------- Personal suggestion for developers --------If you are planning on making a DLC for the game, i would suggest one where we could play as the Aliens in their Storyline, it seems that it has a room for expansion and will allow for a different perspective. It would introduce an different aspect to the game since the we would be playing on the Aliens Side. and will allow for some player to have a choice to subjugate humanity, or not, depending what the aliens are really thinking.It seems like a silly suggestion but it has room for potential if done correctly.------- Overall ---------It's a game that is supposed to be Brutal and unforgiving on combat side, any early mistake can lead to a defeat. It does get easier over time as you progress, but even so, it's not for casual or newbies that can't learn from their mistakes. Although Veterans can have a very casual experience.Overall.8 / 10 for Gameplay. 7 / 10 for Strategy. 4 / 10 for DLC. 7 / 10 for Story."
,Not Recommended,268500,28551523,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Rorschach,"After battling all of the bugs I have finished the game. I was back and forth on whether or not I wanted to recommend this game to friends. I have played through XCOM three times now. There were some interesting additions to the game like destructible environments, new soldier abilities, and new units. I like the idea of being on the offensive and sometimes having the element of surprise.Having said all that, I would recommend anyone reading this just play XCOM and skip this one. The constant crashes and bizarre bugs make the experience tedious and unpleasant. I had one bug that caused the game to freeze every time I completed a mission. The only way I could get around it was enable the developer console and allow myself to restart the mission.The DLC breaks the game with overpowered bosses that appear early on. I am not sure if it was a scripting error or if I accidentally triggered the DLC, but once I did all bets were off. The ""bosses"" that randomly showed up in battle got to move/attack after every action a character on my team took. Not every TURN, but ever ACTION. So if I put a soldier in a location the boss would get a move and an attack. If I then shoot with that soldier the boss gets another move. In one turn these over powered jerks get 8-12 moves/actions before they get their actual turn."
76561198038048005,Not Recommended,268500,28585834,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DeValiere,"Updated Review (11 JAN 2017):NOTE: To be clear, the majority of my gameplay time on this game falls between initial release and the last patch, when I encountered no problems other than mod conflicts. As with most of my Steam games, I didn't bother with a review. Plenty of others were raving about the game so why should I say the same things? Lazy? Yeah.That said I'm going to start this update by clearly stating that XCOM2 is one of my favourite games EVER. Its not the kind of game to give up on easily. Even though I was pretty angry when the last patch broke my install, and posted my initial review (below) as a result, I just couldn't let it go. It may be worth noting I didn't discover this right away as I'd been neck deep in other games prior to and after the patch. Stupid Orcs. Found out when game tanked while I was showing it off to a mate. Murphy's Law I guess.This update is posted about a week into my latest clean install. And by clean, this time I mean both the Steam folder and the OS drive ""My Games"" folder - only my character pool was spared the axe. I then verified my game cache via Steam, and once the entire 29gb reinstall was done, I used steam to create a desktop icon.As of right now, still getting red screen error on launch, but a simple tweak of launch options made that go away - seems to be for a multiplayer file or some such, so don't care. Tweaked graphics settings and then ran game. So far, it's running moderately well, but still a few crashes. Having sifted through several very long forum posts (one of which was 30 pages long) trying to get a handle on what causes the crashes I pretty much gave up. There seem to be multiple possibilities. Still, frustrating.So... where does that leave this review? Hmmm... Well, I'm still leaving it as a thumbs down for the simple reason that I really prefer not to have to stuff around this much to get a great game running again after a patch. Nor can I ignore the fact it's still crashing sporadically for me. My comments re optimisation still stand. Frame rate is all over the place. It is just my opinion but I feel that a game this good should be able to reach as many players as possible - not everyone has a high end PC so a little more work to iron out performance on mid / upper-mid range machines would be in everyone's best interest. I cannot review this any other way as this is my experience and also that of others.HOWEVER!!!! It would be unfair not to also add that this game is pretty frickin' awesome when it runs without crashing. The level of customisation of your characters is a 10/10 as are many  aspects of tactical gameplay. It is not an easy game to master, but rewarding as you slowly learn how to. Odds can feel like they're stacked against you and at times they are. Your grunts are going to miss a 90% shot chance on an enemy standing a tile away - that I think is a little overboard but your memorial wall is fairly large so... yeah. Enemy numbers and stats level with you - well, they can out-level you at times in fact - so you're never really going to rest easy. And just when you think things can’t get worse... they will.Also not a huge fan of the timed missions (not all are timed however), mostly because I'm a turtle at heart and like to take my time - rushing to beat a timer detracts from the tactical aspect of the game for me. To a degree, this also holds true for the campaign map - there is a definite gearing towards pushing you ever onwards - a game design decision some will like and some will not. It certainly ramps up the tension and fits with the narrative. This is personal choice IMO, and as I say, I'm a slow poke. I don't see this aspect of the game as a negative as such, but perhaps an option to extend play time might be an idea. Oh, for days gone by and the Longwar mod...Without Longwar Studios Toolbox, or another mod, your camera angles are only adjustable by 90 degrees - one of the few things I really didn't like control wise. There can also be some quirks with moving characters - one wrong click and a grunt can be toast. Not a game breaker, just need to be super careful.Mod support is good but you do need to be careful as mod conflicts can cause issues and I found (regretfully) that the ""more map"" style mods may cause problems so I haven't used any of those in some time just to be safe. IMO, there are some mods that are must haves but I'd recommend playing vanilla at least once to get a feel for what you might want to tweak or improve. I'd also note here that if you're using certain combinations of mods, and with the way the XComEngine.ini file works, you may need to delete it (easier than editing) before starting the game to purge mod overwrite data - especially if you're using Longwar Toolbox in combination with certain other mods. Meh.Conclusion: Great game with a few optimisation issues IMO - enough to keep it from a thumbs up. On sale, it is definitely worth buying. I pre-ordered my copy BTW - and ultimately I don't regret it but am frustrated with it at times. Could just do without the crashes. Can live with the rest. Despite issues, I'm not going to stop playing the game. That might not make sense to some people, but that's the way it is. I just can't give a thumbs up in it's current state.TL:DR ...* Gameplay / Features: 7/10* Mods / Steam Workshop: 9/10* Optimisation / Performance: 6/10 (on an pretty good but not super-beast PC); needswork in that regard IMO* Stability: 5/10 (harrumph!)* Replayability / Map variety:  7/10 (map layout, while procedurally generated, doesfeel limited and over time, repetitive).* DLC: 5/10 - OK with what there is, but would like to see more content please* Overall: 7/10 (pretty much excluding crashing issues)Have a nice day...===============================================================Original Review:As you can see by the hours I've put into this game, it's one of my favourites. However, at this time I feel compelled to write a review, and it is going to be a negative one. Why? Because of the following:* Poor optimisation: I can run this OK with a few tweaks to graphics settings, but it feels as if the devs could do some more work on this.* As of late DEC 2016, cannot play without continual crashes and freezes -  a problem that was common at game release and then seemed to be fixed by devs before making a big comeback with latest patch. Game has become most temperamental and frankly I'm over spending time trying to ""fix"" the problems.Therefore, I couldn't recommend purchase at this time - essentially playing russian roulete as to whether the game will run OK for you or not - regardless of whether you run a clean install or modded. Don't be fooled by devs blaming mods for instability and crashes."
,Recommended,268500,21025568,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Claus,"The game is absolutely amazing and very addicting, however performance at launch is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ be wary of buying it if you're on a lower end PC."
,Not Recommended,268500,21120895,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Reidskie,"I really do enjoy XCOM 2 but the bugs and technical glitches are just too much to overlook. I have a 980 Ti and I constantly see frame drops. Kill cams are constantly broken. Aliens are suspended in mid air or teleporting around. But the worst of it all is the game breaking bugs.After playing Commander/Ironman for 15 hours and constantly getting my butt kicked because I just wasn't good enough I dropped down to Veteran/Ironman. 7 hours in and I'm doing great. No deaths, mag and gauss weapons, predator armor. I'm feeling pretty confident. And then I go on a dark VIP extraction mission and it all goes to hell. A bug treats the mission as failed after I destroyed the VIP's car even though I have him over my shoulder 30 squares away. Then the game calls in reinforcements right on the evac zone in back to back turns. Even though I could have killed them the game treats the zone as overrun and moves it to a place that I can't physically get to in the time left. So that's it. My squad is captured and there is nothing I can do. So my best run is now over and I'm questioning why do I even want to try again when next time something worse could happen 20 hours in.I'm sure Firaxis is trying to fix these bugs but it is just really disappointing to see a game that was in development for so long and even delayed multiple times is still released in this state. Then again, I guess that is just the norm for video games nowadays.** UPDATE on February 27th, 2016 **So I have beaten XCOM 2 on Veteran/Ironman difficulty and it took about 28 hours. I went through the game being much more cautious then in my previous attempts. Sometimes I did not attempt a gorilla ops mission that would have given me the best reward because it had something to do with evac and I just didn't want to risk the game bugging out and me losing a squad again.While there were a few bugs here and there (enemies suspended in mid air after I destroyed the floor beneath them, somehow triggering pods when I couldn't see the aliens but they could magically see me, kill zone not triggering on enemies that clearly moved, mutons seeing me through a door and throwing a grenade at me) the game was rather uneventful.The problem I now have with the game is that its difficulty snowballed and didn't push me to experiment with my tactics. Once my soldiers levelled up it was hard not taking them on missions and levelling up replacements because the aliens simply did too much damage. Also my tactic of bring at least two grenadiers (and some soldiers in amor suits with rocket launchers) got boring pretty quick. The problem was whenever I tried to deviate from it by not using my grenadiers or holding them back to the end of the turn I found that I just didn't have the fire power. The game seems really balanced around AoE/shredding damage and killing the aliens before they get any shots on you especially because of the aggressive timers which force you into combat.The missions also felt more repetitive than XCOM 1. The procedurally generated maps were great. I never really felt that I knew exactly was coming next but the missions were always the same. The guerrilla ops barely changed. The retaliation missions were always the same and you knew exactly when they were coming. The alien facilities were almost identical. The exact same tactics worked on every single one. I was bored my alien facilities by the third one and only did them to lower the avatar project to stall for more time to get supplies. In XCOM 1, looking back with my rose coloured glasses, the randomness of the alien attacks I feel like I enjoyed more. The different types of alien crafts, the landings versus shoot downs, the terror missions which you sometimes didn't see coming.Also story missions felt better spaced out in XCOM 1. In XCOM 2 I probably went 12 hours between story missions because after the black site there was nothing pushing me on. I literally had taken out every single alien facility on the planet before I attempted a story mission. There was no tech or advancements behind those missions on then the next story mission to eventually get you the final mission.All of this sounds really negative but I did enjoy a lot of the game.- The geoscape was great. Tough choices all around. I felt it dragged the game on a little bit because it was hard to get the supplies needed to upgrade everything to tier 3 so I definitely killed time for a month just waiting for attacks because I didn't want to attempt any story missions.- There definitely were some missions where even with what I feel are my OP tactics of never-ending explosives and mimic bacons I did feel like I was just walking over the aliens.- The character customization really drew me in. There were so many storylines of all my soldiers and their amazing exploits that are all just inside my head. The ability to customize every character ahead of time and just have them randomly showed up really pulled me in.On the whole as a die-hard XCOM fan I did enjoy it and I'll probably come back in 2-3 months when some DLC and patches have come out and make my Commander/Ironman attempt. But I am very afraid that I'm just going to have to resort to my same boring tactics again. I'll probably make a couple of attempts at different tactics, maybe rush psionics instead of mag weapons or something but I'm just a bit worried that the game at higher difficulties just isn't balanced for that."
,Recommended,268500,25501919,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,WDF?,"This game is awesome for anyone who loves turned based tactical shooters. Coupled with a vibrant modding community, the replay value is limitless."
76561198106013105,Recommended,268500,23320140,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Galactic Origins,"Really good game. Lots of action. The timer is mostly not a problem and adds to the frantic battles. Lots of cool upgrades for the units, and neat weapons. Plays a little shorter than the previous game Enemy Unknown. Wounds hurt! as there is a lot of recovery time when wounded ... makes having backups useful.The new map design randomness is nice. The enemies are a good mix of weapons fire and melee. Winning is rough but oh so satisfying. I also like the new way the geoscape has things to do on it. Very cool.XCOM 2 is one of my favorite games. Of course, I played the original way back when and others. Great Game."
76561198078451206,Recommended,268500,29728542,Posted: 5 February,all,badassgrunt,"This game. This game is the best game I ever played. It's a well deserved sequel to XCOM: EU/EW.The story is better, actually explainingwhythe aliens came to earth. I still has the same feel of EU/EW if you have the right mods. I will get to that later.Look at my hours.Look at them!It's a testament to how entertained I am by this game. I'mstillplaying it. I pre-ordered it, and thus played it right from the start.The customization. Oh man, the customization. Compared to EU/EW's, it's like comparing a bow to a sub machine gun. You can create bios, give their armor and weapons colors and pattern, and change their attitude, which affects how the soldiers say lines in the game, something which I found really cool. Mods add even more stuff.The mods. Mother of God, the mods. If there is any reason to buy this game, it's because of the mods. It increases the overall score of the game from 5 stars to ten stars. There are voicepacks, mods with custom voices for your characters. There are alien mods, adding more diverse aliens to the game. Cosmetic mods give your characters serious, realistic items to choose from when designing them. Like the old armors from EU/EW? There's a mod for that. Want Halo SPARTANS in your roster? There's a mod for that. Want more weapons? Multiple mods add more choices for your arsenal. want a weird, funny one? There's a mod that adds the horse mask.Thehorse mask, the one from all the memes. There are a numerous of gameplay mods that improve the base game, eliminating its faults.On the subject of faults, there are some cons:Timers: In the vanilla missions, most of the time you have to complete your objective within a certain amount of turns.There is also the Avatar Project. That's basically a bar that fills up as the aliens progress, and when it reaches its fullness, it usually means game over.If you're like me, you like to take your sweet♥♥♥♥♥time playing this game, and don't like to rush. Well, there's a mod for that too. Some eliminate the Avatar Project and timers altogether, or ones that extend them. Problem solved.So, if you're a big fan of XCOM and turn based strategy games, buy this. You won't regret it. Good luck, Commander."
76561198198716462,Recommended,268500,21009589,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,FLUFFY KITTY,Last squad member against last muton with 2 HP.Got her into a flanking position.90% Chance to hit.Missed.
76561198014444295,Recommended,268500,24219497,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dienikes 1016,"Yes.  This is gaming.High stakes, dare-to-be-great situations, customizable soldiers, and plenty of explosions and pewpewpew!  The sequel and most recent iteration of the Xcom franchise is not PERFECT, but is a worthy edition and worthy of a playthrough.As the game opens, it is revealed that all the struggle to boot the alien menace off planet was for naught, and the invasion force has insinuated themselves as a mildly sinister ""first among equals"".Yes, all those hours playing the first game are not part of this narrative.  Get over it.Similar to the formula of the series, you are the direction and driving force of the resistance movement, allocating resources of various types in order to create an irresistable tide of cash, supplies, sentiment, and artillery to send them bug-eyed aliens back where the come from.  The planetwide metagame is familiar, as is the squad-based encounter maps, as you equip your troop carrier with strike teams for defense, or targets of opportunity.Part of the fun of this game was the customization of the individual soldiers as they increase in their individual class-based proficiencies and as your rag-tag resistance movement comes into more potent technology.  Over the course of the game, an individual soldier can go from the equivalent of hitting oogga-boogas on the head with a stick to ""Over 9,000"" cyberwarriors laying waste to the countryside.   The game fights back by introducing aliens of different strains with different strengths to force changes in squad tactics.The limitations of the game become evident on the first playthrough as the technobabble from your chief science officer can be omitted from the story with a mouse-click and a ""Yeah, whatever. What can I blow up now?"", and the mission objectives don't have a lot of variety. Overlooking these glaring flaws, the rest of the game is straight-up fun strategy.Now that the game is no longer a new release, the expansion packs will be added, giving new life to new baddies, and further customization options.  As of this date, I have only played the core, game, but I recommend it VERY highly.XCOM 2: The people of Earth need you, WILL YOU HEED THE CALL?"
76561198044096663,Not Recommended,268500,20973014,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sehnsüchtiger Engel,"I was excited for this game. The bugs, performance issues and turn limits are disappointing though.  It's bad enough that the aiming system seems mostly unchanged from EU/EW, but combined with the turn limits it is a very frustrating game to play at times. Rushing across maps while your own soldiers can't hit♥♥♥♥♥♥literally next to them at times makes for a worse experience than EU/EW, because at least you had time to try again in that game. I'm hoping someone does something about the turn limit. The story seems good though, and there's more customization options."
76561198006830438,Not Recommended,268500,20974736,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,arklight_1978,I am guessing it is not a good sign that I am writing this instead of playing.There seems to be some serious performance issues with this game;Very choppy performanceGraphical glitchesMini hangs in gameHoping it is a simple fix (and no its not just my setup) as i would love to really get into this game but right now its not possible.Right now i cant recommend the game as you spend more time waiting than playing
,Not Recommended,268500,30094633,Posted: 21 February,all,BobBings,"I do recommend the game, but what the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with the producers. Its been out for a year and still is full of bugs. I have 5 hours of play time so far and have found NUMEROUS visual bugs, 2 programming bugs (button doesnt do what it says it does), and 1 game crash. Because of these problems I changed my vote to 'not reccomend.'Legit only bought this game for the Long War mod, but decided to play vanilla just to learn the game. That was a mistake. 60$ for a broken game. What a pile of garbage. Thank god Long War fixes some of the issues, as well as makes the game what it should have been in the first place."
,Not Recommended,268500,20972461,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ShiveR,"I really enjoyed X-Com, well except this game here.The Timer mechanic in every mission has to be the worst game mechanic decission in ages, not going to play this again until there is a fix or a patch for this nonsense."
,Not Recommended,268500,20970898,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Personal Jebus,This game has a lot of potential but the performance and optimisation issues would need to be addressed before I could recommend it to anybody. An isometric turn-based strategy game should not perform worse on a modern gaming PC than The Witcher 3 or Rise of the Tomb Raider.2K have made a big deal about this being a PC exclusive but something tells me that the reason behind that has less to do with loyalty to their hardcore fanbase and more to do with the fact that they probably don't have the software engineering talent to get it running on anything else right now.
76561198039020745,Not Recommended,268500,20975034,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,posthum,"This game has only just begun and I already stopped counting how often it tripped over its own procedural generation of content.Your squad can only carry so much firepower. Even if a 100 % of your shots hit, sometimes a squad simply does not have the firepower (leave alone the staying power) to move from point A to B to C and dispatch everything that happens to spawn along the way within the turn limit set by the game.Further into the game, the glaring line of sight bugs also become very annoying. I don't know how often my sniper shot someoe through walls, floors or ceilings on overwatch. Or how often an alien did it on me. I've had entire firefights with all units on both teams exchanging gunfire right through (yet) intact walls.At this point, the game comes down to save-scumming until you get lucky.Recommendation: hands off for now, XCOM2 is simply broken in its current state."
,Not Recommended,268500,20974910,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ouij,Finish the ♥♥♥♥ing game before you release it next time.
,Recommended,268500,21107081,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"""We are extremely impressed with XCOM 2 project thus far, Firaxis. Your recent results were beyond my expectations... And that is not a statement i make lightly.""While i have a small number of grievances here and there, they are fairly minor in comparison. With the recent games Starships and Beyond Earth, i was afraid Firaxis might've lost their touch. Though Beyond Earth was pretty decent, it was no near as fun, deep or satisfying as CiV5. XCOM 2 however restored my faith.Truly, XCOM 2 cranks its predecessor up to 11. As your opponents have grown in power and unpredictability, there's an even stronger reason to fear what potential weapon they might unleash upon you next. However, so have you. Everything feels powerful, dangerous and there's few things as satisfying as scoring a critical hit and watching a 3 meters tall monstrosity get blown away from a shotgun round. Though performance seems to be a littly wonky at times (framerate drops when in the Avenger or when deploying a flashbang grenade), it's been fairly stable for me with no bugs aside from the AI suddenly going idle once. For 16 hours of playtime on a newly released game, that's a pretty good thing in my book.Excellent production values shine everywhere. This is apparent in the smaller details as well, such as the great soundtrack and voice acting, soldier customization and the excellent atmosphere in map design that truly gives you a dystopian feel.Not to mention that XCOM2 has an amazingly badass Workshop. Where The Long War was pretty much the best alternative for the original, there's already a bunch of sweet stuff for you to go on, the game is really built to last on a strong mod community - while still providing a base game that's filled to the brim with content.The only thing, gameplay wise that bothers me is that they've added a turn limit. You must complete the objective before the timer runs out, which is usually pretty tight. Though it gives off a feeling of hurry, anxiety and fear - for a game that's partially built on chance and tactics, it's frustrating and doesn't fit well. Thankfully there are mods in the Workshop that remove or increase the turn limit, of which the latter one i highly recommend using. While this is the biggest issue i have, it can be avoided entirely, so i guess it's not much to bother with.In conclusion, any fan of XCOM or TBS will love it. Hell, i think anyone will enjoy it. And i have some very high hopes for the expansion and modding community. Possible GOTY!Edit: Seems performance issues are something some people are running into. None here, surprisingly, since nearly every game that's currently being released is full of bugs and performance issues. However, in my experience, XCOM 2 runs smoothly and without problems. Still, i would highly recommend taking proper precautions, such as giving the game's bug forum a read before picking up the game."
76561197990355106,Not Recommended,268500,20974480,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Captain Flibble,"I loved XCOM.I wanted to love XCOM2 - pre-ordered welll before any reviews.  Nearly sobbed when I found out they'd widely implemented a design choice I intensley dislike in this type of game - time/turn limits.  OK if done sparingly, but not to the extent taken here.From what I've heard/seen, this is simply an artificial attempt to increase difficulty by enforcing a rushed style of play, which inevitably leads to mistakes and false impression of ""difficulty"".Basically - v poor game designHave refunded - will happily pick up again if/when someone manages mod time limits out.So sadly - for me a not recommend due to this limitation - UNLESS you're OK with them, in which case - fill your boots!!!"
,Not Recommended,268500,20969675,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,jarcionek,"If you took XCOM and added a couple of minor bugs, one or twogame-breaking bugs, broke some functionality and made interface worse and less user friendly, you would get exactly XCOM2. Another large well-known studio which sells their sh** ""AAA"" game for very high price (£35). Such things should be classified as fraud.Bad performance and poor stabilityrandom FPS dropsoccasional crashescut-scenes are playing before graphics are loaded, making first few seconds of it either very ugly or just black screen with soundsafter one mission, whenever I open geosphere the game freezes- I had to start the campaign over (with disabled mods and tutorial)in later stages of the campaign, the game occasionally gets stuck while loading a saveBroken and user-unfriendly interfacemost of the interface pretends to be in-game poor quality hologram device and it is blinking, misaligning etc. Very annoying when e.g. reading research report and the text is moving every few seconds...on some screens there are no back/close buttons, making it impossible to navigate with mouse, you have to use keyboardsometimes you have to click the same button multiple timessometimes when you hover over the button to expand a list and then move mouse pointer onto item on the list, the list disappears so you have to hover over the button again, etc.sometimes in the top right corner the video of the talking chief engineer/scientist is shown... all the time... with no sound/text...there is no indication whether quick save was actually madegame save doesn't save the camera position and facing direction, neither soldier selectionmany of the cutscenes and videos are not shown if tutorial is enabled... or maybe that was due to 3 Long War Studios' mods...?sometimes camera is not following the action - is it enemy's turn and you just hear shots and your soldiers being killed? Sorry, all you will see is a wall (or ceiling or undiscovered part of map)Long loading times and a lot of waitingloading a save (even quick load) takes about 20 secondsreturning from mission (""flying back"" loading screen) takes a few minutes, a bit shorter when flying to missionwith over 100 saved games, it takes over 10 seconds to open the list of savesweird long pauses between soldiers' actions on missions - you soldier has just killed an alien? you have to look at its body for 5 seconds before you can give another orderit is impossible to skip soldiers' annimationsFlawed and unpolished gameplaysoldiers shooting through walls, without line of sightgenerally what you see and what actually happens are two different things - so get used to seeing entire burst hitting the enemy accompanied by a popup ""missed""items drops? The way it works just su***. Enemies occasionally (like 1 every 10) will drop an item, that you have to pick up within 3 turns because otherwise it will disappear. Soldiers don't need any inventory slots for them, picked up items will be just visible as loot on the summary screenweapons upgrades and soldiers' implants? Cannot be produced, can be acquired only via items drops. And the upgrades once placed in, cannot be taken out, only destroyeditems manufacturing is extremely confusing and lacks any explanation about how it actually works. I can manufacture two armors - one of them is a single utility item that I can put in soldier's inventory, the other unlocks entirely new armor (new apperance, 2 utility slots, HP bonus) and is available for every soldier. There is nothing indicating whether what you are working on is a single item, unlocking item (i.e. infinite amount of this item) or a research that will let you manufacture an itemif you finish a mission while controlling enemy soldier, its body is not retrievedthe same if a controlled enemy is killed - it's body just magically disappears""evasive manoeuvres"" in case of imminent UFO interception mean “fly around entire Earth” or “fly to a nearby location and wait for the UFO until it flies around entire Earth and attacks you”And many, many more various bugs..."
,Not Recommended,268500,20977056,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Roc,"I Can't reccommend this for anyone except die hard Xcom fans desperate for more xcom action. If you're interested in Xcom and havent played the originals, and the reboot, AND long war, don't buy. They bumbled this one.The bad:- Baffling gameplay design choices- A huge system hog for seemingly simple graphics- A crappy interface, especially for PC (worse than the last xcom!)The good:- Combat is still very satisfying. But way more bullet spongeyI don't understand the direction they are taking this series. It truely baffles and confuses me. The last game stripped xcom of all of its deepest (some may say complicated) elements, like soldier stats (which made them individually unique), action points, etc. This one continues to remove the things we love, like the (granted, dumbed down) UFO interception system, but on top of that ADDS a ridiculously convoluted geoscape and base system. What the hell were they THINKING?There are 400 differnt resources. Its like an Iphone game where you get wood and ore and gold, but you gotta pay 5 dollars for the super special pink crystals! Unless of course you want to wait around with your thumb up your♥♥♥♥♥for 48 hours.You run around the map playing a persistant game of wack a mole. But there is always an obvious choice. There is no STRATEGY in this strategy game.You get to maticulesly place every scientist and engineer, assigning them to various tasks. Cuz why not add some needless, unfullfilling micromanagement to the game?!You're never really sure what youre acomplishing and why! I need some intel for this, then gotta reseach that, then make contect with this guy then fly over here and pat my head and rub my belly and WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥! How could you make this such a convoluted MESS, yet still say, ""Players are too stupid for action points! Thats too complicated! No more interceptors, its too involved! It needs to be accessable!"" Are you KIDDING me?!Besides the gameplay choices being incomprehensible, I'd like to adress the graphics and interface. Can we please stop with this trend of making everything smaller and smaller, and calling that ""graphical improvement?!"" Please! The buttons in this game are 2x2 pixels. You need a microscope AND a gyroscope to read the text. Because not only is it impossibly small, they thought it would be a silly goof to add a scrambling effect every 3 seconds while you're trying to read 4 paragraphs of text for every research project!You can only rotate the map in 90 degree incriments instead of 45 now. Which makes it enranging when you're tring to click the single pixel that lets you move to the spot behind cover instead of the one where your genitals are perfectly lined up with the aliens gun barrel.WHY can I play fallout 4 without issue and this game drops to 3 FPS on the lowest settings? The graphics look like 2006's Sam and Max, so why does this game require a monster PC?Speaking of which, the graphical design of this game (and to a lesser extent, the previous one) is lame. Its designed for children. I feel like a dork when I play, because I'm looking at guys with cartoonishly large guns and guile haircuts run around in Anime armor. If thats your thing, thats cool. One day you'll be a grown up too and feel some shame!All that being said, it feels a lot like the last game, and the combat is satisfying. However, they really upped the bullet spongeyness of enimies and added more needless, pointless, convoluted elements to combat as well, in the form of hacking. Which is COMPLETELY RNG. Thats fun too right? Thats what people love about strategy games. The RNG....So get it if you've exhasted the previous games. Do not support this kind of decision making otherwise."
,Not Recommended,268500,20968021,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,☂Mawiois,"Terrible optimization, every mission seems to be timed, heavily increased RNG, balancing issues. Hopefully it'll be fixed, so wait before purchasing."
,Not Recommended,268500,20999716,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Viðrímnir,"Buy it if you like paying for beta-tests, because this game is full of bugs and glitches. Seems like this is some new trend of AAA-developers to make lazy releases of unfinished and untested games."
,Recommended,268500,30628649,Posted: 19 March,all,[2o2p] OrDaned,"LIke its predecessor, XCOM 2 maintains a feeling of constant pressure -- every decision at every level seems weighty. Each time you move a soldier, every shot taken, each upgrade chosen, every choice at both the tactical and strategic level feels important. Every moment in the game is tense and exciting.Sometimes the random elements of the game can feel unforgiving -- missing a shot that has a 95% chance to hit always feels like you've been robbed, even though you're told explictly that the shot has a 1 in 20 chance of failing -- but sometimes the RNG also blesses you with a squad-saving bit of luck just when you need it.The story doesn't contain any surprises, but is well done. I especially enjoyed the little bits of banter in the Avenger view, especially Shen's quip about the Advent burgers. Art and sound design are both high quality; there's an occasional glitch in animation, but that's something forgivable considering that levels are procedurally generated and contain destructive elements -- every so often, you'll have a camera angle on a character that just looks odd. I mention it only out of completeness; it is rare, and never took away from the enjoyment of the game.Finally, the mod support is excellent -- many people have expanded the interface (everyone should get Overwatch All and Evac All), weapon options, new map options, and of course the Long War 2 project might as well be a completely new game by itself.Between the supurb base game and the excellent mod community, XCOM 2 will give fans of tactical games many hours of enormous fun."
76561197989648855,Not Recommended,268500,21007534,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,IIISaltyIII,"The core game here is very promising, but the bugs and performance are absolutely unaccepable for a modern big budget game. I easily exceed the recommended requirements yet i cant even maintain 30 fps, and cutscenes lock you to maximum of 30--not that it matters because youll never actually hit 30.The bugs are also very aggravating. You really shouldnt play this on ironman, as the amount of shooting through walls, aliens warping on top of you between turn etc etc is REDICULOUS.This will probaly end up being a good game, just DONT BUY IT YET!"
,Not Recommended,268500,26566001,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Warlord_Pipsqueak,"While a Great game, even now, this long after release, it is riddled with bugs, so bad it is literally impossible to finish the game. And i do mean literally in the way it was intended. Don't buy it unless they fix that stuff."
76561197998548653,Not Recommended,268500,21926925,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,bahanahab,"Developers missed the balance between fun and frustrating by adding timers to missions. That one simple decision is what turned this game from fun to frustratingly unfun. Outside of the missions with timers, the difficulty is ramped up to a very fun pace due to mind control, swords, and unkown enemies everywhere making the game great. To put the cherry on this horrible decision sunday, every soldier that is not at the designated point by the time the turn limit is up is permanently lost.  Unfortunately, the timer turns the mission away from strategy and into a just sprint mode.Some people may like the added pressure of a turn limit, but I do not. I cannot stand it at all, and there is no way to turn it off by default."
,Recommended,268500,21118422,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hobbes,"Firaxis strikes again, with a mostly excellent sequel that hits every note bar one.XCOM 2 is one of those games that gets under your skin. You'll be playing it mentally long after you've finished your session for the evening, you'll be thinking about various strategies long after your first campaign completion too. The fact that this time Firaxis has built modding right into the game client is a real testament to the fact that this XCOM will almost certainly be the one to beat for some time to come, and with it they've made some major steps forward, and a few steps sideways, along with one step backwards. I'll come to that one at the end of the review.Firstly, let's go over the synopsis. The game assumes that most people failed their first campaign in XCOM:EU (or EW), which is probably correct, and thusly, the governments of the world, having lost faith in XCOM decided to go the route of negotiating for peace with the aliens. On the face of it, this approach worked. The ""elders"" as they're now called, have on the surface - uplifted humanity - by providing improved technology, health and civic benefits that have improved the race as a whole, but it's very much a vision of humanity that's ruled with a velvet glove belying an iron fist. Any dissent results in the said voice taking a quick trip to ""re-education"" and never being seen again. A good way to imagine it is China circa 2015 but with an even more hawkish stance concerning human rights and you'd not be far off.Humanity that wishes to remain free, lives in isolated clusters at the fringes of society, deprived of any real contact with the world. and resists, albeit ineffectually. XCOM, having gone into hibernation, is suddenly awoken as intelligence brings the commander (you) back into play.Firaxis gets a lot rightSo XCOM is now a resistance movement. This rather neatly solves a lot of the story contrivances of the first game, you have limited resources, your base is a very small, but mobile command HQ that can only deal with a subset of what is going on in the larger world. Your options are now reactive, rather than proactive. The enemy is no longer a passive one either, having an active project that it persues. There's no longer a simple ""You lose"" condition, now the enemy has a ""They win"" condition that they're going after. This puts active pressure on the player to keep advancing and expanding all the while.Meanwhile, the tactical layer has had an awful lot of quality of life improvements, with classes now feeling a lot more distinct, and offering a lot more ""play"" in the 2-AP system that has become a hallmark of the XCOM series reboot. There's now ways to bend, and in some cases, thoroughly break the rules in your favour. The same goes for the aliens, who pretty much right away get the ability to mind control your soldiers, which makes for fun times.It's not always sweetness and light though...The game isn't -entirely- without faults, there's still numerous bugs and camera glitches (though they're a lot less than the previous game), and unless you have a real monster of a rig, be prepared to scale the graphics back a bit, because whilst the game looks a fair bit prettier, it seems that Firaxis didn't do that great a job of optimising the code, so the game munches resources at a fairly terrifying clip. If you CAN max out the settings mind, it does look awfully pretty, and you can end up with a great looking game when you're fighting the aliens, so it does reward with the eye candy.Other glitches I've seen include melee attacks through solid walls and closed doors (really -.-) and some pretty amazing instances where the camera decides the one place to be is inside an object, thus clipping everything and rendering the screen opaque for a fair while.The random elephant in the room...However, the big issue is as ever, the RNG. XCOM 2 uses a ""pre-generated"" set of rolls over the course of a fight, so imagine a long list of dice rolls prepared at the beginning, as each shot is taken, it checks against the list, ticks off a number, and moves to the next. I've tested extensively against multiple scenarios to isolate this, and have managed to confirm that the current system does not roll independently nor does the seed regenerate with a save reload. This is likely done to prevent save scumming, but unfortunately it also means that the game is robbed of a lot of the actual strategic improvisation that is actually supposed to exist, because it reduces the game to something of a puzzle game, once you understand HOW the pre-RNG system works, you can essentially reload saves to maneuver around it.It's a design choice, and it's a bad one. Again, likely to prevent save-scumming, which is a legitimate tactic in and of itself, but it essentially makes a game based on making estimates and percentage shots less about good judgment and more about working out what number is on the list. An option to have the game actively re-randomise rolls on -each- shot would be extremely welcome, and currently the only mod available simply forces the game to move to the next tickbox on the list.Closing thoughtsXCOM 2 is a great game. It could be legitimately excellent, were it not for the terrible issues with the pseudo RNG that is as far from actual randomness as one could get. When someone actually figures out a mod that corrects this, it'll be the first thing I recommend everyone downloads so we get the XCOM experience we deserve, that said, the rest of the package is so complete and tightly tuned that this game still warrants my highest rating even in spite of this issue.Firaxis, if you're listening - Regenerate the seed on each roll check, make this an option as a priority yo. Strategy gamers deserve this.Verdict :Essential"
76561198122185702,Not Recommended,268500,21044234,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sodium Chloride,"Well, what can I say? This game is amazing. But the performance is INEXCUSABLE! Low frame rates, crashes, terrible optimization, long load times... I'm writing this after my second hard crash, both of which required a full PC shutdown and restart. Now, before the fanboys downvote this review, I LOVE XCOM! I've been playing since the original and I love everything Firaxis has done up until this point. The game is a massive improvement over XCOM: EU/EW, but it DOESN'T ♥♥♥♥ING WORK! Once this game is patched and can run decently I'll give a positive, full length review, but until then I cannot recommend this game."
76561198000700922,Not Recommended,268500,32743716,Posted: 24 June,all,QuantAtaraxia,"Too many ""finish this in 6 moves""-type scenarios. Lame and annoying. Way less fun than the older XCOMs."
76561198039770894,Recommended,268500,21029304,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Roguehandle,"This is not XCOM 1. If you try to play XCOM 2 like XCOM 1, you will fail. The game JUST came out so there will be bugs of course but they will go away in time. The performance issue is annoying but again, will be ironed out. If you do not like a lot of timed missions then thre is a Mod for that. Do not like the AVATAR counter going up too fast? There is a Mod for that. Game too hard? Lower the difficulty, do not tell anyone and just say your playing on Commander level just like everyone else..:)I am having a blast. The story and cut scenes are better. Love the ability to customize your characters. People are hateing this game because the game is not perfect or its too hard. This game is harder and more of a challenge without a dought. As for me it is a fun game and I will be playing it for some time.Put on your adult pants, put away the milk and salt, grab a gun and kill some aliens.Good Luck, Commander"
,Not Recommended,268500,21011335,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Technomancer,"I can't recommend this game.  It's no longer a strategy game, just a race against XCOM's legendary rage-inducing RNG.There's so much here to build on, and that's part of that makes this so disappointing.  There's a great stealth mechanic...that you can't use because of the turn timer, so you blow it on the opening group of enemies you see.  It's neat, fun to play with for a few (failed) missions, then you leave it alone because the turn timer invalidates a piece of great design.There's awesome classes with neat abilities...except sharpshooters are worthless since using them like the sniper they're supposed to be means that you lose them when the evac timer runs out.  Once again, the turn timer invalidates another piece of some really good class/game design.You could always counter the whims of the RNG in XCOM: EU/EW by playing safe with overwatch and setting up a good sniper position, and you can see the design intent to stop that with the turn timer.  But that turn timer coupled with the whimsical RNG turns the game from a ""series of interesting decisions"" into a series of bad ones and worse ones.It's really close to being the GOTY candidate so many reviewers are making it out to be.  But without a balance pass, it's just an overengineered race against a timer full of nigh-impossible missions.  Any strategy is invalidated by the timer, so you just roll your shots and hope they hit, because if they don't, you're dead.This is XCOM.  They don't hit often enough to stop you from dying."
76561198038944614,Not Recommended,268500,21113273,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ardents,"Summary:All in all, I'd love to have given the game a recommendation, but in it's current state, I'd rather recommend any reader to rather go play XCOM EW with long war mod or X-COM Apocalypse.Edit: It should be mentioned that XCOM 2 is far from a bad game. Also, some of the drawbacks of the game can be altered with mods like ""Stop wasting my time"", ""True concealment"" and ""Shut up Bradford"".Review:I've been looking forward to XCOM 2, while also dropping most of the PR about the game in it's developmentphase.The game adds an interesting continuation of the story from XCOM EU/EW and while the premises of the game is different from the endring of XCOM EU/EW, this is allowed for by events in the game.In XCOM 2, the aliens are in control and the remnants of the XCOM organization is in shambles and beeing hunted. Your task is to build up a strikeforce and connections around the world, work against the alien propaganda, discover what the aliens are up to and sabotage said plans.Positives:The premise of the game is positive. The aliens have conquered earth using overwhelming force, XCOM is shattered and the population is under strict control and anti-freedomfighter propaganda.Destructible terrain. I loved playing X-COM Apocalypse and beeing able to destroy pretty much anything, if needed or wanted. This is also the case in XCOM 2, where most terrain can be destroyed with either liberal use of ammunition or explosives.Use of explosives is slightly less punishing, as most enemies do not drop anything lootable.Research, base construction, gathering intel and research is quite intuitive with few quirks. It can be somewhat annoying having just starting checking out (scanning) a rumour, then having to fly to the other side of earth to do a mission, but that's part of the game.The game is mostly enjoyable and can become a decent addition to the XCOM / X-COM games, given proper mods or patches.Negatives:Insufficient quality assurance.a) Watching twitch streams and playing the final mission myself, the game may suddenly 'corrupt' in the last room, 		with visual artifacts and colors blooming and flickering. This bug makes it hard to concentrate on the (acid trip-looking) gameplay.b) The game may crash to desktop after killing the last required enemy on the final mission, in one instance causing a corrupt save.c) Overwatch shots may go through solid walls and hit.d) Melee attacks may occour through solid roofs or floors (vertical).e) Pull mechanics may go through multiple covers, visibly dragging the unfortunate soldier through.Constant nagging from Central, combined with loss of cameracontrol. This remains an issue even with the reduced v/o option.Constant delays after completing actions, e.g. heal a unit with a gremlin (drone) from far off, then watch as the gremlin slowly flies back to the operator. The loss of cameracontrol cannot be cancelled.Mods are great, but removing or adding mods can (or will) ruin your savegames. Considering mods can be withdrawn from the workshop, this can be an issue for ironman playthroughs.Accuracy. For some reason, standing in the tile next to a flanked muton gives less than a 100 % accuracy when using a shotgun.In-betweens:The player is limited to four classes, each consisting of skills divided into two subclasses. Stats like health, movement, aim, etc. are standardized and a soldier is simply given a class on promotion from rookie. Personalizing soldiers based on stats, e.g. making a high mobility assault/scout type soldier, is no longer an option. Personally, I found it giving to be able to select gear, classes and skills with stats and end results in the field in mind.The Psi-operative is nigh overpowered compared to the other classes.The concealment mechanic is interesting and allows for setting up ambushes or completing exfiltrationmissions almost without combat.Soldier panic can be chaotic. Soldiers can run to new cover and shoot or use items. This can lead to situations where the paniced soldier runs towards the main army of aliens and turns around and lobs a grenade toward an alien standing next to the rest of your soldiers. The result is no cover for your own guys, possible death and more panic, not to mention your paniced soldier possibly beeing exposed (thus dead). Drawing lines back to X-COM Apocalypse, simular actions could happen, as a paniced soldier would either freeze, start shooting at whatever was in front of him (including friendly fire) or run away from enemies. Personally, I find that a paniced soldier is too unpredictable in XCOM 2, as the friendly fire can be a bit over the top in a game where friendly fire is mainly a none-issue. It's a matter of taste.Turn limit. Most missions are limited by a max number of turns to complete the mission. This serves to give the player the feeling that the aliens at any minute may tumble down and create a full lockdown on the area, but in most cases, it makes little sense to activate the timer when the squad is concealed. For some reason, it's OK that it takes maybe 6 hours to fly to the mission, but somehow, you are limited by minutes from the minute your team hits the ground undetected.New mechanics have a tendensy to be stuffed down the player's gullet. Prime example is trying to kill a muton with a melee attack (specialty of the ranger), only to have said muton block and counterattack the ranger. I'm usually a fan of aliens beeing scary in itself, e.g. the popper, multiworm or brainsucker in Apocalypse, but I'm not a fan of counterattacks with no other possible counterplay than not ever using melee on said unit.Restart mission option if you fail the final mission, even with ironman activated. Why...?"
76561198073168284,Recommended,268500,32621579,Posted: 21 June,all,Fotivator,"I'm not going to give some groundbreaking review so i'm just going to give my short opinion which is what drove me to purchase the game. If you've ever played any turn based game (like civilization) this game is very close to that, with a substantial amount more of relating details (such as what cover your troops are using and what equipment they brought with them into the field.) to affect the end result of the battle. The damage and combat are very realistic (for a sci-fi era game). The story is good and you feel involved the longer the game goes on. This game is (from what i've been told) is much harder than xcom1 and has a substantial learning curve attached to it. But once you understand the games mechanics, you can easily pull 75-100 hours out of this game.Now for the cons, there are only two:1) The fact that the developers took co-op mods out of this game destroyed any chance this series had for any type of true longevity play. It's now a single-player experience and the ""multiplayer"" is buggy and seems pretty dead.2) The game (despite having a great story line) doesn't change after your first play through. So unlike Civ where you can win games in multiple ways, this has a linear story path. So take your time on your first play through and enjoy it, because once you've played the game all the way through to the end, you've seen all it has to offer. After that happens the game starts to become mundane with repetition in combat. Well, it did for me at least. I've also seen reviews on here with 500 hours played, so to each his own I guess.TLDR; It's a fantastic game with a fantastic combat system and story line. However after you've beaten it once, I don't really see a lot of replay value with this game."
,Recommended,268500,26052398,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Burn,"Quite simply the game is brilliant. The gameplay is super solid, it looks gorgeous, it plays very well, and it is one hell of a challenge. If you liked Firaxis's original XCOM, then you simply have to play this. They have improved practically on everything. This is just the best turn based game ever, and for me this is the best game of 2016! XCOM 2 is a worthy heir to the franchise and a refreshing script which makes us join the resistance against alien invaders. A very worthy investment indeed.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=725713478http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=896658596http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=7749514282016: Nominated for the Steam “Just 5 More Minutes” Award"
,Recommended,268500,21381677,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Orcidea,"This game alone is enough to make the year 2016 an awesome PC gaming year. What an amazing turn-based strategy game, with a staggering amount of nice character customization (especially with Steam Workshop mods). If you liked XCOM: Enemy Unknown, you will like this even more. If you never played the first one, you will still like this one. With a full mod support from the moment of release, and with the SDK now available, the game will have an extremely high replay value. We already have tons of great mod content, and its only getting better. Highly recommended to any and all friends of turn-based strategy games! If I believed in numeric ranking, this would be a solid 9/10.Why not 10/10? My personal complaints:- The game has some serious performance problems: with i7-3770k, 16GB RAM, GTX 970 and played from a 250GB Samsung EVO 850 SSD, @1440p or @1080p and medium/high settings (won't matter much), the game will average to about 35-50fps, will constantly drop below 25fps, sometimes even below 15fps(!). Lowering quality and/or resolution won't help much, so the problem is deep in the game. Holding steady 60fps is very rare.  This must be fixed ASAP! In its current condition, I'd say many gamers will lose their freakin' minds over this.- late game content seems a bit unstable. I had 3 crashes during the last 4-5 hours of the game.- EDIT: Stop Wasting My Time mod helps on this. ""SHUT UP CENTRAL!"" mod would be amazing! Im tired of that guy saying the same things over and over again, always cutting me off from my game. Why can't I just keep playing while that guy talks ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t? Stop cutting my game off!- timed missions are partly great, but they have not been well developed here. A single mod made all the difference: mission timer start only when your team is revealed from concealment. This way you can play much more strategically, and without rushing like an idiot on some missions."
76561197979823310,Recommended,268500,34716035,Posted: 3 September,all,Kullikas,"My last Ironman run started nicely.After 20 hours my scientist has researched everything, I had good soldiers in roster and everyone got plasma weapons and best armours. Missions went through on flawless rank.Then my major died. It started a snowball effect.Soldiers got captured and missions ended in emergency evac zone.Few hours later the game dropped the most badass enemies on the battlefield and it ended in game over. For me.That's why I like this reboot series.No matter if you play campaing for 2 or 20 hours , it can all get ruined in a single turn. Or even in a single action of a soldier.Without savescumming it needs all of your focus to beat it. You really need to think.What are you gonna do this turn? Or after five turns? What if there's an unknown patrol in the darkness on the left side of the map? or on the right side?Still even if you can win every battle you can lose the war. After a  very nice combat game there's still basebuilding etc. running in the background. Avatar project can end your nicely going campaing pretty quickly if you're not prepared.I really liked Darkest Dungeon but this is maybe the best strategy game right now. Gonna beat the ♥♥♥♥ out of this soon!"
76561198006712815,Not Recommended,268500,21019383,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Il15S,"DO NOT BUY IT NOW!lots and lots of bugs,glitches,poor FPS even with last gen high end cards,no spuupret for SLI/Crossfire andunrepsonsive technichal support!!!"
,Not Recommended,268500,20972865,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,40days,"You can shoot through 3 walls and solid floors/ceilings. You can and will get wallhack ambushed by enemies two floors below you. Just imagine that any solid objects and buildings do not exist, and that anyone on the upper floors are floating in the air.Enjoy 40/30 fps with massive 20-25 fps fluctations every 3 seconds. Also, enjoy savescumming every couple of minutes because the entire combat system is RNG dice rolling. It's as interesting and skill-requiring as sitting on a chair and rolling a six-sided die on a flat table. Didn't get six? Reload and try again, or you're ♥♥♥♥ed.This game is a joke. You should pay ME to play this game."
76561198007026471,Not Recommended,268500,20981331,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Stiltskin,XCOM2 has been effectively ruined by almost every mission having ridiculously short turn limits. Such as shame as the other changes seem very good.
76561198079547684,Not Recommended,268500,21063717,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Sougo7L,"just started the last missionProsDo you like xcom EW? Then there a 99% you will love this game. It is HARDER, though.They improved in pretty much every aspect. I miss some things from EW expansion, but whatever.Now, to why i dont recommend this game.Cons;Bugs, bugs, bugsGame breaking bugs if you are playing in iroman.ex: need to EVAC to finish the mission, but one unit is stuck in place and there is no one left to kill her.Mission failing bugsex; the warning for reinforcments show up but it the dropzone doenst. Enemies drop (literally) in the mid of my soldiers.RNGI know the RNG in Xcom can be punishing. But i truly believe there are some problems with it.70/60% Hacking attemps were failing 80% of the times.The DODGE_GRAZED happens wayyy to much.Two units in full cover, smoke granade on them, far from the enemies. Sectapod one shotted them both with criticals.(disclaimer: again, i am aware this is RNG based. And as such, maybe i am just unlucky. But again, some stuff happen way too much for me to think its just bad luck)Enemies teleporting, walking trough walls, walking trough the ground (not kidding)Soldier stuck in animations from attacks or from being attacked (some of them could still be used, though), soldiers teleporting, soldiers unable to use skillsBad FPS, enemies turns taking way to long to process, enemy turns not being processed in camera(by that i mean that the enimies act but the screen is frozen, the it goes back to normal but every enemy already acted)I saw a lot of these bugs in the streams/videos in youtube. But i figures they were there beacuase of the pre-release version. That was not the case,And from time to time i get some pretty heavy LOW fps.VeredictGame is fun, hard, worth of being called xcomBUT DO NOT PLAY/BUY it until some patches come out"
76561197999070908,Not Recommended,268500,20977276,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,RafaelElendil,"As it often happens with games that go crazy on marketing, the core game is very frustrating.The computer ""cheats"", and all the bad from the first X-Com came back and enhanced.The good:-Some cool ideias with base design and facilities.-More lore about the auxiliary characters.-Very few bugs so far (wich means that the comp cheating is intended)The bad:-Free move. The computer always get a free move. No matter what. This removes any try of the game to be a turn based strategy, and become just a Human vs bad AI game with ""challenge"" added by cheats like free movements.-Time counters on every mission. If you hated the first game when you had X turns to do something, well, now you have this on EVERY mission. No strategy, no sense (cause most of time you take days to reach mission site but exaclty 10 turns befora a bomb explode... wow, super awesome for some 6 year old)- It took like 2 hours to get the first chance to edit a soldier or modify your base... 2 hours being told to click here and click there. Again, 6 year old tutorial that bore you after 10 minutes.- Huge loading screens.This game isnt a turn based strategy. Its more like a rogue-like rush game. You will die randomly. The comp cheats. The same rule that aply to your forces dont aply to the enemy, this kindo of thing that essentially destroy a turn based strategy game. Seems like the game was designed to make you go, rush around dying just to see the layout of the map and where the enemies are, then load the game from the start of  the map and go the perfect route to ambush the enemies with overwatch. If you try to ambush them by shooting, they get the free ""nonsense bad design"" move and go to cover before your second soldier can shoot. But if they get you in the open, they all shoot and kill before you can react, cheap cheating is cheap.The game isnt a complete fairule and i would wait a little for modders to make the game people really want to play, my only concern is the timers, since all missions are designed about this stupid ""blitz mode, no thinking"" timers, even if a mod remove them, many dialogues would make no sense.Everymission there is a bomb, a trap, or a incoming something, that you need the timer... awesome diversity i must say, by the third mission i was so dissapointed by the timer that i kept playing just to try to see where the stories go.If you like this kind of rush game, go ahead, if you like strategy, this game isnt for you.Edit after playing to the last mission:Added bad:- buggs everywhere, and sometime is even dificult do know if is a bug or intended. Bugged exactly on the LAST hit of the last mission after 3 hours playing the mission. 3 wasted our of my life.- Scum save game. This game is simpe: No strategy as posted aboved, complete save and load game. After scumsaving every mission, i ended each mission with about the hit rate i would have if the game engine of random numbers wasnt broken. I take most of my shots at 75% chance, without scumsaving, at the end of a mission i hit like 40% of the shots, after scumsaving i get around 70 to 80%! so i am not  even saving and loading to make everyshot hit, but you have to scumsave just to make the game behave as the aim % say it would behave!After all this time trashed on this game, i probably will play last mission again just to see the end, but the game is SO unfun to play that i am really have to make a effort to play again. Bore repetition with scumsaving around.Cant recommend  the game. Probably will be much better with 16 y.o. modders showing a professional company how to make a game. Wait for like 3 or 4 months and try again, thats my recomendation.I was really disappointed when they insisted on make a game disregarding all X-COM EU final, fanboys kept telling me to wait for the game... you have to be REALLY a fanboy to like the game in the current state."
,Not Recommended,268500,21517804,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,.Hex.,with every mission being timed this is less a strategy game than a rush to finish. The fun has been sucked out of a potentially good game.  There is no other strategy than rush towards the objective and hope you don't get killed on the way.  If you don't use full rush every turn you fail. Amazing engine. It looks great.  It just isn't a strategy game.  It's COD in isometric form.
76561198025546628,Recommended,268500,22818154,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bevel Lemelisk,"Xcom is a classic game of strategic positioning and annoying misses that had a high chance of success.  With ability to mod just about everything in the game, just going a few rounds of saving the world likely wont be enough.  Mods will keep this game interesting for a rather long time."
76561198108777549,Not Recommended,268500,20971885,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,LOADING A$$ KICKING 100% [IIIII],"Spent 80 Canadian dollars and months waiting for a game that doesnt work upon startup. Im sorry but as a gamer I shouldnt have to find fixes and wait for patches to play a game I purchased.  Im going to ask for a refund and buy a game that works! Its a shame, I was looking forward to it!"
,Not Recommended,268500,21487499,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,jaz,"This review SHOULD be recommending this game. The game should also be far less cripplingly buggy.For all intents and purposes, XCOM 2 is an excellent game. It improves upon its predecessor hand-over-foot, with stunning visuals and engaging battlefields. I've managed to play it in fits and spurts between crashes, cache verifications and reinstallations, but the fact is that it has consistently crashed with the dreaded ""Error 41"" 9 times out of 10.I have done all the steps recommended for trying to fix this -- reinstalling DIrectX, repairing Vcredist, reinstalling the game, verifying the cache -- but the fact of the matter is that no matter how many stopgap measures you can try, it doesn't change shoddy framework. This is where Firaxis has messed up, and until a hotfix is issued, I can't properly recommend this game.If you want to play XCOM 2, wait for a month, maybe two, for a hotfix to be released and HOPEFULLY remedy these terrible bugs and compatibility problems. I look forward to this game when that happens. Until then, fix your product Firaxis, we'll be watching."
76561198008382545,Not Recommended,268500,21025410,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Riot,"It wasn't worth them updating the graphics. All that time wasted on trying to make it look better (Which it already looked awesome in XCom) could have been spent making the gameplay/story better. Not that gameplay/story lacks....it just seems like I'm buying an EA game because ""Better Graphics.""The framerate is horrible at the lowest settings. Thats with an i73770k, 1gb vid and 32gb Ram.Just download ""The Long War"" and spend time replaying XCOM.If you can get away squeezing out a few hundred more hours on XCom longwar, go for it. Wait for the game to come on sale. Not worth $60 for pretty stuff over gameplay."
76561198044851970,Not Recommended,268500,28126371,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,W1N7H3R,"Nowhere near as good as ""Enemy Unknown"" and ""Enemy Within"".The original tactical masterpiece have been changed to rushed missions on timers and enemies that sees through solid walls, shoots through solid ground etc. Loads of bugs, but even if those are fixed it will never get close to the original one.Only get this title if you truly are a die hard fan of the series and have allready played the living crap out of the original.If you haven't played the original ""Enemy Unknown"" and ""Enemy Within"", get to it then :-)"
76561197992928723,Not Recommended,268500,20971897,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Velks Suisonic,"6/19/2017 - So all the issues listed below seem to be fixed, no crashes, no locks, there are still times where the game sits there doing nothing between actions for my squad or the aliens, but its at most 5-10 secs.  That being said, I still have to leave the thumbs down.  For me the timers in the drops kill it for me.  I want to love the game, it is better in every way to the first reboot.  But when you add mission timers to a game that by nature should be a slow and thought out process imo just kills it.  I understand the need for them story wise, that doesnt help me get past the fact the game is hard enough without making me rush.  Having to view the 1st reboot as its own game instead of a update of the 90's original was bad enough.Todays patch ( Day 1 patch 2/5/16 ) has made it worse, I now get stuck waiting for my troopers to shoot a weapon as well, does the zoom in thing between them and what they are shooting at....and nothing....this happens about 25% of the time. No amount of waiting fixes it.I WILL change my review once some of the bugs get fixed, becuase I know its going to be a good game. I can live with the framerate issues, the glitchy clipping into objects, the fact that my troops seem to shoot thru walls, all in the name of good gameplay. But as of right now, I cant finish 1/2 the missions.  There is a bug which does not let the turn end, im stuck looking around the map.  Have saved and reloaded serveral times and keep getting the same issues.  Not even to the point were the game isnt holding my hand.  Im not sorry I payed for it, I am very frustrated I cant play on release.  Once this is fixed a more detailed review will be placed here and hopefully with a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,268500,21035615,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,thegamertrainer,"In it's current state I cannot recommend the game. If you liked XCOM EU you will like this. Problem is even on high end rigs the game has multiple performance issues. They can be played through, but in a game that can be very frustrating due to its unforgiving difficulty the last thing I want to do is be getting frustrated at constant frame rate drops, lag/random pauses during turns and other issues.. I run most current games on max settings, and ARK: Surival Evolved mostly maxed out and get 60fps.  Here I was getting 5-10 fps during menus, 20 fps during some animations, and 30-60fps randomly throughout CS and gameplay. If this was early access I would put up with it, but it's not. This is not a small studio creating their first game with a small budget. Vote with your wallet, wait for the patches to come out, and lets show the developers we won't continue supporting the release of buggy games."
,Not Recommended,268500,20980881,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,VodkaTroll,"***Final Update***After running tests with the tech support, their ""engineers"" have reached the conclusion that my GPU does not meet the minimum requirements. THIS IS COMPLETE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TWhile it is true that an NVidia GT220 is really old, hell as long as a game does not require directx12 it does its job admirably, a GPU that runs crysis 2 on maximum settings ONLINE surely can meet the minimum requirements for Xcom2.I mean come on. I've read on the steam discussions that I am not the first to be told ""your specs suck, not our problem"", people who claim to have a much better GPU as well.Firaxis and 2K have created a broken mess, what about all the thousands of paying customers who complain about horrible performance issues and constant crashes, who definetly have more than the min. requirements?It's a broken launch that they are unwilling to fix, good thing steam refunds are a thing, though I feel very sorry for all those who cannot ask for their money back.This is the last time I buy a product from Firaxis and 2K, I mean as if broken launches weren't enough, their attitude of ""we support modding"" takes form in releasing day 1 extra content as ""mods"", giving the playerbase easy to configure .ini 's so the customers can do what the developers couldn't be arsed to do. Amazing.At least Skyrim and the Fallout series have a lot of base FUNCTIONING content.I will leave this negative review because this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥should not go unnoticed. Even should they fix the game nobody should forget about this.I'm leaving the original review that I wrote underneath this line.Shame on you Firaxis, may the aliens probe your asses. With plasma. At a 20% accuracy shot.----------------------old review underneath-----------------Although I will probably be mostly downvoted by most people, as they are able to play the game, I will nonetheless let my downvote count.For a huge amount of consumers, myself included, the game crashes on launch without any explanation whatsoever.I'm not going to post my specs and everything, this is a ""review"", not a tech discussion thread, there's plenty of'em on the actual discussions page if you're interested to see just how many complain about this game's *HORRIBLE* launch day problems.And yes, I tried all the fixes suggested, and like so many others, nothing will work.And I'm afraid that when (or if) I will even be able to play it, the FPS won't drop to 10 or less, as so many other people complained of horrible optimization.Just so you understand the level of customer care the devs gave us today, there was a patch, yeah: it fixed the missing soundtrack included in the Digital Deluxe edition.Cool, now I can listen to a soundtrack for the game I spent 65€ on without even playing it!If you're thinking of buying this game, do consider the VERY high risk of not even being able to launch it, my recommendation is: wait a few days to see if the ♥♥♥♥♥torm's settled down.I'm giving them a week, after which if it's not fixed, I will refund the game.inb4 ""you're impatient /♥♥♥♥♥♥PC"""
76561197989090040,Not Recommended,268500,21018107,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,aceofspades3018,Wish I could play the game....Played for 54mins just to change the graphics from the defalt of maxium to minium....Like everyone else having crashing issues and trying to find solutions. My system maxed out at quad core i7 2.50ghz (100% used)and 8gb(95% used) of ram and 1gb of amd graphics card. The only way i can launch the game is to disable the built-in intel graphics card and force the amd card to be the only thing that can run the game. But the issue with this is that the system needs the other graphics card to do other stuff like resolution above 800x600 and such. Very choppy response even at minium graphics UN-PLAYABLE :(. also game crashes if I try to enable the other built-in graphics. I don't understand how they could be okay with this launch and what person thought it was okay to put the default graphics on maxium... Really I expected a lot more from XCOM 2 because XCOM 1 was a lot smoother then this for launch. XCOM 1 would look down on XCOM 2...... Really clean up your act and do it quickly and stop selling your souls and just delay your launch so that it is a PLAYABLE GAME. I know your publisher would be upset but it could also have a huge negitve affect on your fan base and there view of the brand. my 2 cents.... wish I could play the game.....
,Recommended,268500,33174893,Posted: 3 July,all,headache,"Thought that I might as well chip in my two cents, since I'm one vanilla campaign down and a third of a Long War 2 in.Many Steam positive reviews tell you to discredit the negative reviews in some strange attempt at creating an in-group with you, the reader. That's not fair to the consumer, though, and I'd prefer to tell you tolistento the negative reviews. If you aren't open to the idea of timed missions in a turn-based strategy, where you're looking at 8 turns to defuse a bomb, you may want to skip this title. Because there's a lot of that in vanilla. Long War 2 alleviates this a bit by extending timers to 10-24 turns most of the time, but then that is offset by other timers introduced by Long War 2, such as how long it'll take to infiltrate and exfiltrate a mission.I'd also say the ""recommended reading"" for this game would be at least watching a playthrough of XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Enemy Within if you're not interested in actually completing it on your own. Some of the elements may be more sci-fi B-movie than ""Jesus Christ, that's a giant naked mole rat on twelve lines of cocaine"", but the gameplay is very similar and knowing what each enemy can throw at you is second to none in keeping your guys alive. After all, Sun Tzu once said, ""It is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you will not be imperiled in a hundred battles.""So now you're thinking, ""Gee whiz, headache, you dashing individual, you. First you're saying I may outright not like the game if I don't like a certain mechanic, and now you're saying I need to play other games to fully understand it? What gives? Where's the good part?""Here's the good part.What you get with XCOM 2 is a highly modular, streamlined experience. Despite my eldritch-possessed laptop being easily half a decade old, I can tell through the 10-30 frames per second I'm getting that the controls are tight and the gameplay fluid. Classes have synergy in both vanilla and Long War 2, abilities feel potent, and our lord and savior Overwatch still has its use (though it's been relegated to more of a supportive role than an all-in role). Weapon modification feels purposeful and can be tailored to each individual role of your troops. Being able to pick the class your rookie gets gives you a sense of autonomy over what used to be a largely in-the-air affair.Oh right, I said modular, too.XCOM 2 has both Steam Workshop and Nexus support, meaning you can get a slew of mods for all your needs. Want a harder game? A Better Advent and Long War 2 are there for you. Want an easier game? There's stuff for that, too! Want to look like your soldiers walked straight out of Metal Gear Solid 5? Titanfall? Fallout: New Vegas? XCOM: Enemy Unknown? Gears of War? An unholy mixture of all five? You do you, Commander. There's also various tweaks and fixes available, such as the one that shows whether your move will put an enemy in range or flank them (Gotcha!). I'm running somethhing like ninety mods that range from giving me the sultry tones of Sergeant Johnson from Halo as a voice for my boots on the ground to entirely changing the strategic gameplay.If I were to rate things with numbers, I'd probably take into consideration the situational entertainment value of XCOM 2 weighed against its capable content and player-driven narrative. But I'm not good at numbers, so all you get is that.EDIT:Now I'm halfway through that Long War 2 playthrough, and I realized a lot of these reviews (including mine) mention, but do not describe or review, Long War 2. Since it's strategically a different game, I'd say it's worth its own mini-review. If you're not interested in Long War 2, you can skip this last bit.At six points in the base game, you are given a uniform upgrade to your most widely-used matériel. Either your weapons or your armor are upgraded, and while you can still choose to use previous tiers, there's no reason not to: you have an infinite amount of these new items at your disposal. Less-used items like grenades and specialty ammo still need to be produced randomly, but you often have the supplies necessary at your disposal.Long War 2 removes these gamey stratifications and forces you to face the music of logistics. Each gun, each set of armor, and each utility need to be produced individually (with the exception of starter gear), and you will often not have the supplies to equip all your soldiers with your best items. This means you often have to weigh the difficulty of the mission against the skill of your troops to determine who gets the new guns and who gets the old model.There’s also far more missions in Long War 2 – not just overall, but at a single time. This is managed by the infiltration system, which (flavor-wise) involves deploying your soldiers to a location where they observe enemy movements and wait for the ideal time to strike. This can take days on the strategic map (passed, as usual, by scanning) and is almost unavoidably necessary to avoid a complete squad wipe.With each deployed squad requiring the equipment and infiltration time to accomplish their mission, you can begin to see the appeal (or lack thereof) for Long War 2. There’s a lot of changes, and not all of them are explained thoroughly. For example, I spend about as much time on the deployment menu as I do on the mission.  You’ll need trial, error, and time to really get the feel for it, and if you can’t spend the hours and stay cool when things go up in flames, it may not be for you. However, if you’re looking for something more akin to a reversed Total War (i.e.: turn-based battles and real-time overworld) about a global insurgency, this is your mod."
,Not Recommended,268500,20979721,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,DV^McKenna,"This is going to be one of those marmite games, At it's core its great.It's let down by poor coding (performance) and the super tight turn limits, which on some missions like some of the 8 turn ones needs to be nudged up a couple more, as it stands your forced to run across the map and likely to ecounter groups of AI to get the objective and then dig in, inevitably costing you silly casualties.In it's present state i couldn't recommend, in a patch or 2 perhaps."
76561198011883724,Not Recommended,268500,21940634,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,kdhiker,"There are a lot of improvements on this game that could make it more enjoyable than XCOM enemy unknown. Character custimization, weapon mods, melee combat, stealth mode and a cool story line for example.  However, the addition of so many timed missions completely ruin the game for me.  I really enjoyed xcom enemy unkown's turn based tactical shooting style and expected the same from this game. Every move of every turn required planning, for both that character and the squad as a whole.  Having a strategy to tackle the mission was essential along with the ability to adapt to unkown enemies that you didn't see.   Instead, the timed missions of XCOM 2, which seem to make up the overwhelming majority of missions, force you to play a blitz style game.  Your only option is to make the shortest route possible to the mission objective in which you are forced to make long range movement, puting your characters into positions of disadvantage, and efffectively removing any type of tactical strategy from the game.  Let me be clear, my complaint isn't that the game is too hard, it's that the developer's have completely and utterly changed the game from a tactical shooter to a run and gun style game that i think they hope will compete with the more fast paced first person shooters. All in an effort to attract a new generation of 12 year olds who don't have the attention span to enjoy anything but a call of duty style game.The rushed gameplay style ruins any other good aspect of this game.  I strongly reccomend you spend your money on somehting else, I wish i had."
76561198093158444,Not Recommended,268500,20980028,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Reulous,"Xcom 2 was not a very fun game to play. The game starts out with a very ""do the right thing"" feeling behind it, but that just hides the fact that is a retexured mod with birthday candles on top. The new ""stealth"" aspect looks like it had no work really put into it. The missions where you start without stealth are the ones where you are stealthier. Guerrlla missions are like the Exalt missions from Enemy Within, the DLC to Xcom Enemy Unknown, except you get punished for making sure your guys dont get ambushed (e.g. Overwatching). At least 80%, not inflating that number, of the missions I ran were timed where you had to exfil (aka leave) the mission in 6-12 turns or congrats! You lost all your best guys, woo. Not spoiling anything, but even the campain is timed. Instead of Enemy Unknown there no ""Saving who you want"" and Helping to reduce panic. Nope the game just says straight up ""You're Doomed"" and hands you a peice of swiss cheese and says its a sail boat. But dont worry! I am not 100% negitive, there are  more customizations for your solders than there are colors of paint at a hardware store. That way when you loose each mission and squad after squad gets wiped, at least they looked FABULOUS!   The movement system is all kinds of wonky, but still the only improvment over Enimy Unknown,  The aiming got worse, somehow . The new Ranger class is an example, The 60% with a shotgun RIGHT next to an enemy will hit more often than the 91% with the sword. I'll be straight with ya now, honestly wait until it goes on sale, or a mod that fixes the ""bugs"" in the game.  Buyer Beware."
76561198017784107,Not Recommended,268500,21135484,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Frank Underwood,"Buy Xcom 1 if you didnt play it already and wait for this game to be patched, because it has too many bugs. The core gameplay is still good, yet the sheer number of unpolished game design keeps me from playing."
76561198048540741,Not Recommended,268500,20999393,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,CC | PutZi,Game Freezes EVERYTIME i try to promote a soldier... neg review till its fixed.. bummer
76561197970377012,Not Recommended,268500,20973082,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,[LLC]3Peso,Are you kidding me? I wonder why they don't even have timers for making the next mouseclick.
,Not Recommended,268500,21229987,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Elektron-Magnet,"Gameplay, Graphics, Storyline, Combat: absolutely great! A lot of great ideas. If you like challenging hardcore-strategy games, you´ll love it. One of my favourite games since 2015.Performance.Just a joke. Framerate drops to 20fps, stuttering, loading-lags.Game is not ready for release. Developers maybe tested on HAL9000? (it seems they are using us as testers)My systems pulls dragon age inquistion on stable 60fps on Ultra.Performance-fixes on the net did not help me. (even edited game-ini-files). Reducing AA to FXAA and turning off Blur helps a little bit.Don´t buy this game before the developers release a serious performance-patch!My system: gtx970 OC, i74790K (4.0GHz)"
,Not Recommended,268500,21016846,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,«ÐKG»Kimberly-696-,"R9 290X 8gb... game 2 hours...Display driver crash...Display driver crash...Display driver crash...Game 3 more hours...Display driver crash...Display driver crash...Game it 1 more hour...Display driver crash... i've loaded more auto saves than actual saves just because of runtime errors, display errors, and often just lag locked. Thats with a system that exceeds min specs and a bit over rec specs.  Its not a unfair review. Xcom EU/EW set their bar for optimization. They missed the mark on their own previous title."
76561197990952619,Not Recommended,268500,21005881,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,xeronx,"What can I say, I love XCom.But I have to admit this one is just a bridge to short for me.  Wasn't a fan when they shrunk squad size in Xcom 1 (Reboot) but it was still a good game. This one is also not a ""Bad"" game, but I am coming to the conclusion it isn't my kind of game.While I love alot of the mechanical changes, concealment, new overwatch mechanics, assignable engineers and scientist, ect. ect. The thing that is killing me most is almost every god damn mission has a turn limit. You are almost always up against some kind of clock. And for me that just kills the tactical aspect of the game.Just turned off the game due to getting a guerilla mission that only gave me 8 turns to reach the objective. Took 3 of those turns just to reach sight of the objective and to get positioned before I broke concealment. But then as Soon as I broke concealment I ended up facing 9 enemies almost immediately. With only a 4 man squad I just can't bring enough firepower to bear without save scrumming. Even when I save scrummed hard enough and accepted losing a guy and taking wounds across the board on the rest to complete the mission with 2 turns to spare. As soon as the last guy went down the dropped reinforcments down right on top of me. And that was the final straw.Now I won't say I am a truly gifted player. Tried Ironman mode in Xcom 1 and will freely admit it was to much for me. But I am no slouch when it comes to strategy games. But it feels like they really went over the top on forcing you to constantly scramble in this version and it really detracts from what I see as the tactical puzzle solving aspect that I have come to love from the franchise.Maybe if the Long War team does a version for XCom 2 like they did for Xcom 1 I'll give it another go.  That mod team made Xcom 1 the game it really was meant to be."
76561197973843110,Not Recommended,268500,20964155,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Malice,"Better than the previous 'new' XCOM but obviously there are plenty of issues in game mechanics. The enemies still know when you see them and the ridiculous reaction move is still in place. The cover system is pretty much as bad as it was in the previous game and even though many guns shoot bursts it can always count only as a single attack. Also you apparently can't hit wrong enemies by accident. Corpse reanimation via psi powers is an instant action and seemingly requires noi 'maintenance' by the the one doing the resurrection. Also all reinforcement actions are poorly 'translated' into turn based environments. At times when you look all the things that happen you can safely say your team is having a nap while the enemies do strange chains of actions.So in essence this game pretty much has all the flaws I expected it to have and for now I haven't seen that many improvements over the last version. There are some small tweaks in functionality but for now I have completed only a couple of missions so there are still plenty of things to discover.Is the game currently worth the full price? No, not really. I suppose some issues may get an official fix and mods will probably fix some others so this game has a fair potential. Even as it is the game seems to be reasonably enjoyable but the actual game mechanics seem to be on par with the most simple board games ever created.Edit: Started out with a recommendation but now that I have played more the game just feels so unbelievably scripted. Ammo clips also don't last very long as these 'soldiers' spray and pray all the time. There are no single shots for most weapons, meaning that even your more senior officers will act like total rookies to the end of time. Also movement rate for everything is far too great compared with the other things you can do. Also firing a weapon ends the turn for that soldier. You can run before moving if you like but you can't do it the other way around. This game getting over 90 points is just ridiculous and 80 would be a far more accurate."
,Not Recommended,268500,20973654,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mefix,"Soldiers who have 60% chance of hitting enemies standing next to them from the first game are back!Our tutorial will last for 2 hours so you can't get a refund for it! Sneaky!*NEW* Turn limit for every mission, who wants to strategize when you can use granades for everything!*NEW* We downgraded our engine to UNITY performance levels so we can port this to mobile ASAP!Just pretend XCOM 2 comes out in September 2016. Just imagine - Performance bugs are fixed, all the DLC's are out (That only change the CORE game, without adding anything once you complete the game), plenty of mods to fix the turn system are available and there are tons of content in the workshop."
76561198047866376,Not Recommended,268500,20974896,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,briman44,"As of the time of writing this NO NO NO. Why you ask,1. No controler support as advertized. (But hay the steam controler works) Sellout2. Running 2 R9390x and can't get better than 23fps on medium settings (only reconizing one card)3. All the missions are timed."
76561198034574669,Not Recommended,268500,20973330,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Merku,"First off the pros of the game.1. Very flush gameplay that looks great when playing on all 8 cylinders.2. A truely different system that feels less punishing than EU's council did.3. Well people may or may not agree. The game is a hell of alot easier in the begining than EU.Now the Cons.1.Poorly otomized. I partipated in the Devision Beta that game had cutting edge graphics that would put this game to shame yet this game lags regardless how much I lower the video settings. Cut scenes lag, game lags randomly, it will go choppy without warning ruining much of the game's fun.2. Narative is almost non existant. Forget being an unpopular narative to begin with. At no point is't the story really told of what excactly went wrong in the first game. You just have one cutscene with the chip being removed and the Archives have almost no information. Just fluff Inomation that I think was copy pasted from a fan site. To eleborate on this the characters all act like you already know what's going on. No ""Okay this is what happened and how we got here."" It's litterally ""Welcome back. Let's get to work.""3. Even less customization than EU with soldiers. Yes you heard me correctly. Less. One thing I loved about EU was that the soldiers would speak in their national languages. Forget the fact Asian soldiers from Japan and China somehow speak English with an New York Accent. There's even less languages represented then before. And for some reason the toggle for the Soldiers to speak their own national languages doesn't work. You have to manually choose their language.4. The procedurally generated maps.. Seems to be a lie. Do not chew me out for this one. But On my first play through I gotten the same excact map 5 times. Do not get me wrong but wasn't that the big deal with this game? It's one step forward then 20 steps backwards.5. Hostile social Justice Warrior Moderators on the discussions section for this game. Well not technically part of the game itself. The 2k moderators on the disscussions are the worst I have ever seen. Openly hostile and abusive of the rules in place. People are banned for critizing the game's premise. Which if you read number 2 turned out to still be a problem. They're banned for asking questions or just plain saying any part of the game is something they don't like. Some of the moderators even would start arguring with people just so they can ban them even if the person they started arguring with never actually responded to or acknowledge them. One of the moderators I want the personal adress for since what he did was technically criminal threatening.The people you leave in charge of your discussions boards for a game do infact represent your game studio, game and brand.How buggy is the game so far? Well as a person who plays Bethsoda games. I have to say atleast Bethosada games are playable at launch.Update: Just beat the game. I now seek a refund. And to retract earlier made statements.1. The game is less forgiving then prior. The Avatar Project system artifically jacks up the difficulty. The Majority of Missions are timed. There's is too kinds of difficult when it comes to a video game. Frustrating and challenging. Darksouls is a Challenging game. This game is Frustrating. Frustrating due game breaking bugs. Bugged Animations. Missing cutscenes all over the place. Get used to Blackscreens.2. Clear intention to make terror from the Deep style sequel.  Ending cutscene as well as others lack luster. To sum it up violence in the ending cutscene is censored. No satisfying seeing a mob of baseball bat armed civilians bashing an Advent Trooper's face in. Just cuts away with it implied. Seriously we can slash in the game shoot things in the fact Civilians included. But god forbid an angry mob be portrayed accurately at the victory screen. Also that annoying speaker guy there's a cut scene where the truth is displayed and a mob rushes in to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him. Again cuts out and you never see the satisfying boot to the face from an angry mob.3. Balance is very poor. Some of the toughest enemies release early in the game while the easiest release towards the end. What do I mean? Sectopods realrease very very early into the game. Long before you see the Bioshook knock off guys.4. Victory screen bugs. Just a box saying ""Collecting server stats."" Which will sit there until you hit cancel and contine.5. The set up for this game forces you to rush everything removing much of the strategy element. Oh poorly equiped and niether anything better than a couple of squadies with one gun attachment no equipment upgrades? Well you better figure out how your gonna destroy those two facilities in under a turn or you auto lose the game.6. Can't pick starting location? That's something I liked about EU. You could pick your HQ location. Here.. Not at all. It's random. You just gotta start over and over and over and over until by the grace of the RNG Gods you get the location you want. By the way continet bonsues still a thing so it's not just a flavor thing.But the most annoying bug. It crashes on shut downs. Often! You'd think shutting down a game would be an easy feat anyone can master. Apparently not. If I'm done with the game half the time I have to edit game setting make it windowed so that if it crashes I don't have to manually restart my computer.I am unsatisfyed having beat the game. Hell the DLC never once makes an appearance if you paid for it. Other than the stupid Resistance style armor pack. Which does not cover anything past starting gear. I never gotten that veteran soldier. Even with the increased customization options.. Customization is far less than EU.I will now seek a Refund. Anyone else disappointed in this game I'd recomend do the same."
76561198009814523,Not Recommended,268500,21028420,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ultima,"Very buggy: Characters getting stuck in certain positions and teleport around, weapons and abilities randomly appearing (my grenader started gaining ranger abilities but in the form of a bush), slow-motion camera gets stuck or nothing happens, My saved games will now crash when I move characters around into certain positions. Without these issues this game would be amazing.Waiting for some updates before I fully recomend this game."
76561197963680884,Recommended,268500,34470405,Posted: 24 August,all,Immortalyzer,"if you are new to the series, avoid my mistake. start on low difficulty or go through multiple monitors and mice while playing. overall this game is ludiscrously hard and unfathomablty fun. Very recommended."
76561198048908940,Not Recommended,268500,20977652,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rile Slapcheek,This game isnt harder than the previous game in the good sense. Its now just a case of lets put 12 enemies in and roll the dice in their favour. Also lets go and make it so that the sectoids will just resurrect every enemy you kill and give them ridiculous health. oh and while we are at it lets make it that they can mind control through walls and make it successful 8 times out of 10 even with mentally tough units. Just to top it off lets make the tutorial take up the first 30 minutes and make it easy as hell just to throw the underleveled units into a retaliation mission (terror attack) and let them pick their teeth up off the floor with broken fingers.They did add in a seudo-stealth mode and the characters look much better along with all the other characters.The games problem isnt that its not pulling its punches its just that it sucker punches you and gets the dice to hold your arms behind you back while it hits you.
,Not Recommended,268500,21581064,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ChlorineAndWine,"Let me start off by saying that I loved XCOM: Enemy Unknown. So much that I played through the entire game twice. When XCOM 2 came out I was really excited about it. But after having played 8 hours of the game and have won maybe 3 out of 15 encounters I gotta say, I'm really disappointed.It's not that I don't mind a challenge, in fact I was hoping this game would be slightly MORE challenging than Enemy Unknown, but this game is more than just challenging. This game is, for lack of a better term, ridiculously cheap. You've got enemies that can run for what seems like half the map and one shot your soldiers. You've got insanely overpowered enemies that swarm you from all sides early on in the game, before you have any time to research new technologies and have half a chance at winning. You've got multiple enemy types that can incapacitate your soldiers for multiple turns/the rest of the match. So you basically go into every battle with 2 guys you're just sacrificing to the enemy no matter what, and then left with 2 other grunts to try and fight 8 overpowered, cheap, enemies. And, you have a lot of missions with turn limits, which ruins any chance you have to set up any ambushes, and ruins any chance of you having any sort or tactical advantage at all.This game should be called XCOM: Hurry Up and DieI'm going to try a new game on Rookie mode and if it's more fun that way I'll update my review but for now, I'm pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I spent 60 bucks on this.UPDATE: Started a new game on Rookie mode and couldn't beat the 2nd level. Completed one objective while remaining hidden, immediately got noticed by the enemy even though I was out of sight. Shortly after my opposition went from 2 easy alien soldiers, to 10 aliens. 4 of which were those one shot kill ""stun"" baton guys that can run way too far. My entire squad couldn't hit anything they shot at, even at close range with 70+% odds, and then eventually became dead or mind-controlled by a swarm of overpowered aliens. Rookie mode has actually turned out to be more difficult than whatever I was playing last night. I feel ripped off. This game is not fun."
76561198120845917,Recommended,268500,21092004,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,silverant,"The aliens keep the earth under control for 20 years, but our commander takes it back within 1 year."
76561198039103663,Recommended,268500,33473351,Posted: 12 July,all,Chris P. Bacon,">Starts game out with chick from Russia>Quickly rises through the rankes (she a bad ♥♥♥♥♥)>Before a mission 80 days later you spend time to customize your wifu>Wifu misses 96% guarrenteed hit on a Muton>Muton and company proceede to rush your babe faster than her Russian brother rushes b>Gets stunned, then crited , then blown up by a car>Alt+F4This is XCOM 2 in a nutshell"
,Not Recommended,268500,21038511,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Anthony Shea,if you liked the long war mod you will love this. if you ♥♥♥♥ing hated that mod you will hate this game.
,Recommended,268500,26870843,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,robojumper,"I spent more time modding this game than playing it, and I had fun. Good in my book."
76561198013397713,Not Recommended,268500,29022696,Posted: 4 January,all,DogF00d,"I never review games, but I'm so disappointed in this game I had to. I have a beast of a computer, yet this game crashes every 5-30 minutes due to the same error. ""pure virtual function being called while application was running (gisrunning == 1)"". If you Google that error, or visit reddit / steam community / firaxis forums, you will see tons of people with the same issue, yet the developer is ignoring everyone. There is no fix. The game works perfectly for some people, and does not work at all for others. I tried every fix suggested by people online, and nothing works. Until the developer at least acknowledges they are working on a fix I will not recommend this game."
76561197999167092,Not Recommended,268500,33795032,Posted: 25 July,all,mazeedt,"Too few turns makes the game unenjoyable.I liked the timers in enemy within, they were more reasonable and if you failed the timers or just didn't want to bother with them then it was no big deal. You just wouldn't get the bonus reward thing. If your team got in a tough situation you could retreat or whatever and still make it.You could take your time if you needed to. The timers made you hurry up but they didn't force you to be ridiculously reckless just to have a chance of winning.A few missions with short timers would be fine. But it just get's frustrating when every mission is like that.Also, lots of annoying bugs still. Some are minor inconveniences whereas some can, for example, make your soldiers miss a whole round of combat which can be pretty disatrous.And it's always ""fun"" when VIPs randomly explode before they've even been spotted by the team...Also it suffers from the usual xcom problem that the more advanced the armours get the more ridiculous they look. Your soldiers are supposed to hide in shiny chrome armour? (That sort of thing is fine as an option for the people who like to run around in shiny red armours with hearts on them. The problem is when the only options is either using the weak early armors or having your team look like idiots). Good I just hate the look of the late game armours."
76561197972424360,Not Recommended,268500,21018587,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Croaker,"Unbelievably poorly optimized. Runs like utter garbage on even the highest-end machines. An astounding reality given it's built in the unreal engine, an entirely-known quantity. I haven't played it enough to get into the poor decisions made by the designers with any detail (though they are apparent even with cursory gameplay) because it bugs out or crashes regularly. Not worth it until the developers have had time to make the game function. Never in my life have I been more certain that the 9's a game is being given were bought by the publisher."
,Not Recommended,268500,25292047,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Hmantooth,"This is a hard game to review. There's some elements to it that I love, then there are some that I hate so passionately it beggars belief.If you liked the original (which I did) then initially you are in for a treat. The mechanics are the same albeit more streamlined and the graphical upgrade is very welcome. The stealth addition works suprisingly well and the change in storyline and subsequent game mechanics also feel fresh and well researched, although once again a little light on the details in comparison to the original XCOM.What I HATE though, is the lack of immersion and the funky 'logic' the game uses. If you can accept that this game is based on a framework of stats, numbers and percentages that will over rule the in game logic then you should be fine. I wasnt. When im standing 3 feet away from an alien with my assualt rifle up his jacksy, I dont expect to see %65 chance to hit.The game is designed to pummel you, you WILL lose people and there will be NOTHING you can do about it. I understand this is a design decision, but it ultimately ruined the game for me.In summary - this is a great game if you can deal with unfair spawning, nonsensical 'logic' and frustration."
76561198041312550,Not Recommended,268500,21621927,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,EpicSheepGamer,"An ""ok"" game, but not better than that golden statue of greatness that was the original Enemy Unknown. A definite 7/10 game, but I felt like I could have had more fun in this game."
76561198060010977,Not Recommended,268500,24681153,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,sursurrus,"This is a review of the base game, without mods, which I bought 6 months after game release.Summary:Playing this game was like drinking a nice soda and finding a hornet in the bottom of the glass!Pros:Good UIMinimal game-engine problemsGood to great graphicsInteresting soldier mechanics and play stylesExplosivesCons:The PlotPacing.  The Avatar timer mechanic in particularCharacters, or lack of them.Shallow and relatively obvious tech treeUtter lack of surprise at anythingSave files that balloon in sizeThe cutscene before the final mission causing actual computer crash when equipping WAR suit.A game that feels way too short and unfinished without DLCI had a feeling Firaxis would make a mess of this game... and I was right.  I decided to play the vanilla game, mod-free, without any DLC.Getting to a good balance of difficulty was tough.  I eventually settled on veteran, then realized once you know how to play this game most of the mechanics are largely irrelevant.  There's a more or less simple solution to every problem.The missions are fairly repetitive.  Some require more stealth than others, and some require killing all enemies and other requires soldiers to evac out.  My basic playstyle of XCOM1 was totally fine: lots of heavies and snipers, with supports and assaults carrying rifles.  Explosives destroy cover and shred armor, everyone else gets shots at exposed targets.  Robotic enemies are nasty... until you realize that your supports are absolutely OP against them.  Again, kind of typical of the laziness on Firaxis' part - create an enemy with an insta-counter.  Heck the biggest risk is that you don't level up early supports because you think they're useless.The overall missions were fun, especially once I got 6 colonel ranked soldiers and started blowing everything up.  I didn't ever deploy a single psionic soldier, and it was no big deal at all.Anyways, the cutscene before the final mission literally crashed my computer!  It resembled a power cycle (and this happened 3 times at exactly the same point in the cutscene)... people on the internet have also experienced it... mine was solved by removing the WAR suit from the soldier who had it in the loadout scream, which apparently caused a graphics glitch.  That is unacceptable, Firaxis!  A known, full-crash bug that still hasn't been addressed.In sum, I think the fun factor of this game is probably in the mods... however it speaks poorly to the creators that the best thing about their game is that other people can make it better.  I am not a modder, I believe games should be good as sold, and that they should not suck in general.6/10, regret buying"
,Recommended,268500,21271080,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mr. Smooooth,"XCOM 2, the sequel to XCOM Enemy Unknown, is without a doubt one of the best strategy games I've ever played. XCOM as a franchise has always been some of the best strategy games out there and I am pleased to say that this new entry more then lives up to the legacy of its predecessors.XCOM 2 assumes that you got your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you in Enemy Unknown(Enemy Within if you got the expansion, also reccomended), and turns the tables on you. You're now leading a resistance movement to overthrow the alien run ADVENT coalition, who are now operating a global government. 20 years have passed between this game and the last, and it shows. ADVENT is well entrenched, not only resource and infrastructure wise, but also in that they have the popular support of the people. Assuming you play the tutorial, the game begins from the perspective of Central Officer Bradford, as he leads an operation to rescue The Commander(Read: YOU) from an ADVENT facility. After the tutorial's crash course in some changes to the ground battles, such as concealment, you're taken to your new mobile headquarters.XCOM is now operating out of ""The Avenger"", a re-purposed alien cargo vessel, now serving as your mobile base of operations. Striking from the Avenger, you travel the globe, uniting resistance cells and striking at ADVENT facilities wherever you can. While the previous games had you countering alien abductions, and defending populations, the new version pits you in a guerilla warfare situation. Now your missions consist of hit and run strikes against research labs, local armories, and other facilities, to rescue VIPs, hack their network for intel, destroy data-relays, or protect your own network taps. Some missions even involve kidnapping or assasinating key officials in their organiszation. Dirty Collaborators.Maps are now procedurally generated, so that you never get the same one twice. The new maps are beautiful, and fully destructive. If you need a door somewhere, feel free to make one. Heck, you can even collapse the floor out from under an enemy's feet, or lure them into a building and with a few well placed explosives, drop the entire building on top of them.The change in pace is noticeable. Almost every mission has some sort of time limit, either due to ADVENT actively destorying whatever you need to protect, or an actual timer untill the mission ends. This adds a sense of urgency to missions and encourages more risky play. Gameplay feels more fast paced then in previous installments. This also adds dificulty, not only must you achieve a hard task, but you need to do it in the next few turns or you won't have enough time to make it back to the evac point.Speaking of Difficulty, XCOM 2 continues the franchise history of brutal and unforgiving gameplay. The easier difficulties are just that, easy. You can coast through them and learn the game in a more forgiving and casual environment if you want. Rookie to Veteran is a significant but manageable leap, however, the difficulty spikes hard changing from Veteran to Commander. The last of the training wheels come off at that point and it shows. The real test of your abilities comes from playing under the ""Insanity"" setting. The training wheels have been long forgotten, no more punches are going to be pulled. The game will officially break your nose and toss you overboard into shark infested waters to see if you can swim. That's not to say the game is unfair, because it is. You can beat insanity mode, but there is no longer any margin for error.To win the game, you'll need to unravel the alien's true agenda. The ADVENT coalition is up to something, in the form of the AVATAR Project. This is the alien's win condition, and puts a timer on the game as a whole. If the aliens can make enough progress on the project, game over. Thankfully, you're given ample oppertunity to sabotage facilites critical to this initiative, slowing and even reversing their progress. If you can discover the truth about their agenda, and put a stop to it before they complete this plan, you will reign victorious.A commander is nothing without his men, and to put an end to the AVATAR Project, you'll need the help of alot of them. Lucky for us, customising the soliders under your command has been greatly improved from the last game. New customisation options, incuding scars, tatoos, and individual armor pieces, can help vary the look of your troops. The Character Pool function allows you to save your favorites to share with your friends, and characters in the pool can appear at random points in your campaigns. New looks are accompanied by new skills. The Class based system is back, but has been changed dramatically. The Heavy, Support, Sniper and Assault classes of XCOM EW, have been replaced with the Grenadier, Specialist, Sharpshooter and Ranger, respectively. Each bring something new to the table, but hav roughly the same roles overall. A powerful 5th class exists now as well, if you're willing to spend the time to unlock it.One more noteworthy feature is the extensive mod support, the steam workshop has over 500 mods already published at the time of writing, and more are on the way as modders explore deeper into the game's code.Summary: XCOM 2 is a great game for the strategy junkies in all of us, offering compelling story, beautiful visuals, top notch gameplay, and brutal, but fair, difficulty. A solid 9.5/10, Must own for anyone interested in strategy games, or who enjoyed the previous installment in the franchise.TL;DR: Buy it, game is good."
76561198059889668,Not Recommended,268500,21036770,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PJR,Runs like garbageConstant freezesCrashesFix Please!
,Not Recommended,268500,20970743,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tadres,"Day 1 ""Batman™: Arkham Knight"" stable 30FPS and 50-80 without FPSlockDay 1 ""XCOM® 2"": stable 15FPS  and 15-40(very rare) without V-sincXCOM2 Still a good game though.Do not buy this game for now, give devs ""hit to the head"" to fix this poor optimization."
76561198014493471,Not Recommended,268500,31328288,Posted: 23 April,all,Vermillion_Hawk,"I can not in good faith recommend this game to anyone who claims to be a fan of strategy games or X-COM as a series. After a successful campaign played, and several others started and promptly aborted, I find myself looking back on my time with this game as being utterly wasted and unrewarding. Here's why.If you are a fan of strategy games, like myself, and know nothing of the X-COM series, you're better off either getting the original, Xenonauts or the 2012 remake that this game is a sequel of. The former two actually reward tactics and strategy, while the latter is at least fun, despite its tactical shallowness. This game features none of the fun of its predecessor. Both games claim to be in the ""hardcore"" spectrum of games, and while games like the original 1994 game earn that moniker by presenting the player with difficult, but ultimately winnable scenarios that have multiple solutions based on player skill, this game earns it by merely presenting the player with a series of weighted dice rolls.XCOM 2 loves its dice, and this becomes apparent right from the beginning of a campaign. Skipping the tutorial (a multi-hour affair valuable only to someone who has never touched a strategy game before in their life), the intro campaign mission on anything but normal difficulty will rapidly introduce you to XCOM 2's idea of difficulty. Your soldiers, at their basic state, will hover at a66%chance to hit any enemy with aflanking advantage- while your enemies don't have better chances, provided your soldiers are positioned adequately, they are more than equipped to mitigate their own failings - even basic enemy patrols at the beginning of the game will often include an officer enemy who, provided the AI doesn't make a stupid decision (another dice roll), can mark one of your soldiers, making them much more likely to take a hit from any enemy, and shoot, all in the same turn. If you don't find yourself against one of these officers, you might find yourself up against a Sectoid, whose cover-ignoring psionics can make your soldiers panic, waste a turn and reposition to an often-disadvantageous position where they'll likely be flanked and killed with little effort from your foes.The player, conversely, is presented with few tools to mitigate the abhorrent effects of the game's RNG - when 66% is the best you can expect on a flanking shot from even a middling range, the only reliable tools at your disposal are grenades and melee, and the latter has the unfortunate yet obvious side-effect of forcing your units into close quarters, making it suitable only as a finishing touch to an engagement. An enemy introduced fairly early into the meat of a campaign, as well, can, without prior warning or indication, block even the most veteran Ranger's blade and deliver a counterattack, usually resulting in the death of your unit, so melee is hardly a reliable friend in tactically adverse situations. Reliable damage-dealing abilities and player-controlled psionics are also options, but only at a point in the campaign where a player has already dealt with the worst that XCOM 2 has to offer.And worst it is. The first 10 or so missions of any campaign are guaranteed to be the most brutal on offer of any that you will deal with over the course of the game. Simulating scarcity by giving the player an under-equipped force is one thing, but how the player is expected to deal with it is ridiculous. Off the battlefield, on the world map layer of the game, the player is expected to amass resources, develop better equipment and try to foil ADVENT (the alien antagonists) and their Avatar Project, a constantly ticking clock at the top of your screen that is introduced within the first few missions. The problem with all this is that, like everything else in the game, your progress will largely be decided by dice rolls. ""Investigation sites"" pop up on the world map, and the player can spend in-game days following these leads for a variety of resources and rewards. These are entirely random, and the first few sites a player can access can determine the fate of an entire campaign, thanks to ADVENT ramping up their forces far faster than your own if things play out poorly. Getting an incredibly valuable engineer as your first site can make all the difference in whether or not you can take 5 or 6 soldiers into combat instead of the base 4, or if your units will be expected to fight Vipers, Faceless or Mutons with conventional weapons or Railguns. Getting supplies (the game's currency) or recruits as your first few sites, on the other hand, can mean being dangerously underequipped for the next several missions, resulting in inevitable casualties, and the casualties are indeed inevitable. Unlike in its immediate predecessor, where unit damage resulted in a brief convalescing period for unarmoured units or MECs, units that take a single hit in combat might be put out of action for close to an entire in-game month; an almost-unacceptable loss when a campaign only spans maybe 6 or 7 months. Mitigating this requires devoting engineers, personnel vital to construction and therefore progress, to medic duty, something that probably should have been relegated to scientists, who have comparatively little else to do, and only one building to supervise compared to the 4 or so vital buildingsrequiringthe attention of an engineer. The game, therefore, punishes you for even trying to mitigate the effects of a combat RNG failure by stalling your progress, either through bad design or through malicious intent.The illusion of choice on the strategic layer is, therefore, just that - an illusion. A player can decide to rush down certain avenues (psionics vs. weapons vs. armor vs. squad buffs, for example), and the lacklustre DLCs add additional paths to prioritize, but any of these options have the same result on the battlefield; you'll either stomp your foes or be stomped. There is no middle ground in XCOM 2, thanks to the sheer cruelty of its dice rolls. Until one researches the top tier of armor and weapons, or obtain fully kitted-out psionic soldiers, one can only plan for the eventuality of losing a veteran soldier, which can happen in the short and brutal span of a single enemy turn, if the dice will it so.The campaign itself is predictable - relatively open-ended campaign missions only serve to bracket the purpose-built campaign ""levels"", much like its predecessor, and the story doesn't go in any particularly interesting directions. The characters aren't anything special, but neither were they in the first game, and characterization is only a bonus at best in a strategy game, so no points are lost on this. For all its focus on the ""story"", however, the campaign manages to end on a definitively lacklustre and humdrum final mission, something which almost every X-COM clone or remake has had an issue with. Gone are the days of taking the fight to the aliens, using their own technology to make a spacefaring vessel and bombing their base on Mars to kingdom come (the original game's ending) - this game's final mission has none of that intensity, and even has the gall to end on a cliffhanger, despite plans on forthcoming expansions or DLCs being apparently relegated to third party development in the form of the Long War team.That I've been motivated to write so many words on this game should speak to my devotion to the series and to strategy gaming in general. So few games with the production values and expertise put into XCOM 2 come out in the genre that it would be tempting to give it a pass purely on that basis. However, a focus on brutal RNG in place of difficulty through good design prove to be crippling flaws to what should otherwise be a fantastic game, to say nothing of further development on it being apparently outsourced.Final score: 4/10, with prejudice. Not worth full price by any means, and certainly not worth an extended period of time."
,Not Recommended,268500,25489504,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Jearbear,"A long time fan of strategy games of both real time and turn based, I found myself rather surprised that I did not enjoy Xcom 2, and in fact found myself rather hating it. Unlike it's most previous predecessor which I enjoyed throughly, the increased random get fukd elements of this game really put it off for me. Though the game makes a lot of steps forward that I enjoyed including increased troop customization for both loadout and looks, I spent the majority of the 20 hours of playtime not really enjoying my experience, with most failures and victories feeling that they occured merely thanks to chance than any actual error or insight on my part. People who enjoy less predictability in their strategy games might rather enjoy this, and from what I understand of previous Xcom titles this is more the norm, but for me this is not the case."
76561198070875710,Not Recommended,268500,21138954,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Cultefact,"A game so expected and expensive should not disappoint your hardware and you.a) So many technical problems,b) Game mechanics don't make sense/difficulty for the sake of being difficult.No more games this year until deus ex."
76561197971458919,Not Recommended,268500,23811508,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Karn,"Game in a nutshell...40% chance to shoot uncovered enemy from 5 units away85% chance to shoot same enemy through solid concrete, from the windowless roof above25% chance to shoot enemy under cover65% chance to shoot same enemy from 2 units away from original position, through a closed door and unflankedEnemy on second floor of a three floor open concept building, no obstructing floors:40% chance for sniper to shoot through windows on second floor to enemy on same floor, right across from him75% chance for ranger to shoot same enemy from bottom floor, while being further awayThe hell did ADVENT become so powerful when humans are running around with x-ray vision?Fix the LoS issues already; you had it working well enough in EU and EW."
,Recommended,268500,21034558,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dellicious,"I originally bought this game on release and gave it a negative review. At the time, the game had performance issues on my system that was superior to the recommended, as well as some crashing, and I thought customisation was poor, and all character faces appeared ugly compared to the first XCOM. Making a squad was one of my favourite aspects of the previous game so this annoyed me considerably.Thanks to the great modders in the community I am turning this review positive. As a huge Mass Effect fan it's great to be able to have the entire ME3 roster in this game, with full face animation, voice packs and armours. This has given me a new level of immersion to enjoy this game with. On top of this, the game appears to be performing fine with zero crashes. There are tons of other little improvements since I last played, and the Character Pool is a great edition to setup a roster of soldiers in different roles before you start a new game. I’ve spent 5 hours just creating and assigning these soldiers and giving them identity, personality and backstory.The gameplay is as challenging, immersing and frustrating as the previous game, but it seems more refined, with more combat features. RNG can be amazing or disgusting in equal measure. Missing 95%+ shots 1 tile away from the enemy and watching your soldier somehow spray the air 5 feet away will make you hate their useless♥♥♥♥♥with a passion.Thankfully you can just restart the mission, which I absolutely will do if Miranda or any of my hot Asari commandos die. Cheers."
76561198007312425,Not Recommended,268500,20997764,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,athornton78,"I rarely write reviews, and am a lover of X-Com Enemy Within so it breaks my heart (ok not that much) to write this. In its current form, this game is a bit of a let down. The gameplay, while enjoyable, brings nothing new to the series. It's the same old thing, hide, run to cover, shoot. Leave a member of your team in the open and kiss them goodbye. The graphics requirements seem low but I and others on the net have had problems. I run a GTX750 with 16gb RAM and an i7 quad core processor...I can run demanding games such as DCS and Rome 2 on ultra settings yet I seem to struggle with this game on medium. I've played with various settings and there is no improvement.I really wanted to love this game and may purchase it again if there are improvements made but right now I'm awaiting a refund."
,Not Recommended,268500,26342303,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,TheCat,"This game is buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have been able to get into the initial load screen, but once I 'launch' the game it just flashes white and then comes up with an error that says it will create a 'crash dump file' and nothing else. I'm going to have to vote this game down unless someone can point me towards anything that could possible help me run this game.I have already tried to delete the save folder and re-add it, verify the game cash, re-installed the game multiple times and re-installed directx11 aswell.If anyone has any help so that I can play this game and, hopefully, change my review to positive then please do not hesitate to contact me in the comments of this review."
76561198151952540,Recommended,268500,29425013,Posted: 22 January,all,LỜI NHƯ ĐỒN,- a sectoid panic a rookie- the rookie then move and shoot back- a crit hit when the sectoid in full cover10/10 best tactical panic
,Recommended,268500,24295333,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,The Mootking,"XCOM 2 is the sequel to 2012's XCOM: Enemy Unknown, developed by Firaxis Games (Civilization) and published by 2K Games. The game is the latest in a long history of infamously unforgiving XCOM games, dating right back to 1994's cult classic, UFO: Enemy Unknown. The premise for the series is that a hyper-intelligent alliance of aliens invade earth, and the player, known in the modern games as ""The Commander"", must lead a group known as Extraterrestrial Combat (X-COM) to defend the Earth. The series was rebooted in 2012 with Enemy Unknown, bringing the dated series back into the public eye and gaining newfound popularity.XCOM 2 takes place 15 years after the events of Enemy Unknown, of which the canon ending was that the player failed to defend the Earth from the alien invaders. Firaxis have said that they decided that the canon ending is failure who have now taken root on Earth as a governing body known as ADVENT, parading as something akin to prophets of the benevolent Elders, providing cures to many diseases through gene therapy and bringing a newfound unity to the human race. A sinister new ""Avatar Project"" has been discovered by the XCOM Initiative, and it's up to you to investigate and combat the threat to humanity, and hopefully liberate Earth from the Elders.The gameplay of the game is threefold: first, you have the turn-based combat. This makes up the very core of the game, and the vast majority of your time will be spent blowing aliens sky-high. The combat system is deep, and easy to come to grips to, with 5 classes for your soldiers to experiment with (6 with the Shen's Last Gift DLC). Missions vary, but all take place on procedurally generated maps. The objectives differ as well, you control your squad of up to 6 to complete goals such as stealing sensitive data, protecting a resistance camp from an alien counter-attack or recovering a VIP to gain precious intel - an important currency in the game. In addition to the combat side of the gameplay, there is  a large element of base management whereupon you build facilities with different functions, research new tech, develop upgrades for your soldiers' arms and armor, as well as decide what areas of the ""Geoscape"" to scan. Your base is a flying ship, and the Geoscape presents you with different options to explore to recover currency, new troops or investigate new leads. The third facet of gameplay is managing your emotional wellbeing. I'm still not quite over losing my favorite sharpshooter, Captain Yoko Littner.XCOM 2 is perhaps one of the best examples in the video game industry of evaluating your risk vs your reward. As a tactical game notorious for its difficulty, literally every decision you make has an impact on the game. Across the roughly 20-hour campaign, decisions you made near the start can come back to haunt you. A misplaced power relay in the base or a poorly chosen skill selection on your soldier can have serious ramifications. Perhaps the best testament to the difficulty of the series is shown in the plot of the game: Enemy Unknown's canon ending is a failure because ""everybody fails their first XCOM campaign"".Normally in strategy games, you can afford to make a mistake or two, but XCOM 2 takes no prisoners. Leaving a soldier without adequate cover can have disastrous effects: not only may your soldier be killed, but its death may send the rest of your squad into a panic, causing them to fire off randomly (possibly at your own troops!) or unusable on the next turn. Similarly, if you hold off researching new armor for even a week too long eventually the aliens' tech will begin to vastly outclass the HP bar of your soldiers, and you will find yourself being steamrolled time and time again. The difficulty takes some getting used to, and can be infuriating on your first campaign after failing your sixth mission in a row, but once the learning curve has been surpassed and the various nuances of the games tactical turn-based combat have been mastered, the game becomes a lot fairer. If The Commander makes good choices, your greatest enemy will become luck.This, however, leads me onto one of my only criticisms of XCOM 2, and generally one of my only criticisms of the entire series. Luck can be your greatest friend in this game, but mostly you will find it to be your enemy. Chance-to-hit percentages feature prominently in the combat of XCOM 2, and there is nothing worse than your soldier missing a crucial 90% chance shot, or scoring the lowest possible damage and being killed by that same enemy with 1hp left. There is a lot of discussion as to whether players simply seem to notice their failures more than their victories, but while playing the game I couldn't seem to shake the feeling that a 90% chance to hit was something closer to 60%. Similarly, ordering your soldier around a corner and activating three separate groups of enemies at once because the game generated the ""pods"" unfairly close together is equally as rage-inducing.Outside of that gripe, however, the rest of the game is an absolute gem. Visually, the game is a huge step up from the previous game, with stunning landscapes and wonderful character design. The models for the aliens are brilliant, and the character creation is incredibly pleasing, and all of your changes are realised on the battlefield. That is, until the soldier you spent an hour customising panics and shoots the soldier you spent TWO hours customising in the back of the head. Wonderful stuff.Coupled with the gorgeous graphics the game comes with a stellar soundtrack (composed by Tim Wynn), which is well worth a listen to on its own. The atmospheric music sets the tension for the game, adding a wealth of depth to any skirmish. A personal favorite of mine is called ""Lazarus"", which plays while overlooking the world map on the Geoscape. The deep bass with anxiety-inducing strings complete the wonderful package that is XCOM 2, and bring it to an all-new level of awesome.XCOM 2 also features Steam workshop support, which adds a fantastic array of community-made mods to the game, with everything from complete gameplay overhauls (a favorite of mine is a wave-based Tower Defense take on XCOM), to cosmetic upgrades and even fan-made soldier classes. With mods, the replayability is endless.In short, XCOM 2 is a fantastic game, and more than lives up to its predecessor's legend. Simply a must-have for any sci-fi or strategy nut, and will surely give them something to enjoy. It improves upon the tried-and-tested XCOM formula in every way, and I can only wait with baited breath for what Firaxis has in store for us.  I just hope they don't decide that the canon ending is my poor squad dying a horrible death and failing to complete their mission.This review was written on behalf of TeamTom's Reviews. You can check out the steam grouphere, or visit us on ourwebsite"
76561198055990164,Not Recommended,268500,24493317,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Tzyder,"Extremely unstable and buggy. I bought it on the recommendation of PCGAMER mag and I havnt been able to get past 4-5 missions without serious crashes and bizzare physics behaviors. I'm playing vanilla versions with no mods or DLC. Usually I can reload to an older save..but Ive gotten tired of having to do that and verify the cache every single mission.The game was reported buggy on release and absolutely still is. Really unproessional considering the cost and ""AAA"" status. No MORE DLC Firaxis please fix the bugs!!!!"
,Recommended,268500,28795283,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Defiant Heretic,"Sequel to my favorite and critically aclaimed X-COM: Enemy Unknown. Turn-based tactics game now from the view of the resistance striking the alien establishment. Same concept as before only with more features, variety and BUGS, GLITCHES AND ERRORS unresolved after a year or so of launch.I was actually very close to not recommend ...+ New, more and plenty+ Graphic slightly sharper and polished of its predecessor+ Weapons, mods, clothes etc,+ Great X-COM feeling is back, interesting resistance mechanic, melle fighting, drones+ Still the ultimate X-COM experience with new aliens, weapons, mision types ...nostalgia striked again!+- RNG system to % aim, sometimes you miss 95% shot from 2 metres and sometimes it does apply for enemy as well- Half of s**t locked in DLC's- Bugs, glitches unresolved long after launch(even had to restart Julian mision (Lost Towers) after gamebreaking bug that even fuc**d up load)- Ironman on Commander+ is super hard, almost unbeareable if you mind loosing soldiers- Almost every mision with time limit - strategy, eh? Rushing more likely- More demanding on the system and yet not that different from X:EU6,5/10""Let's kill the aliens one more time. With mohawk on your head. With sword? WTF?!"""
76561198001958882,Recommended,268500,23505202,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Genocider,"XCOM 2 is definitely a game with a few issues, mainly in the performance department. That said Firaxis have been supporting the game and patching it to solve issues many have had. I can run the game fairly decently, and enjoy my time with it.It's also a turn based game, and while that's no excuse, a lower FPS than 60 is still playable here. The gameplay itself is a step up from it's predecessor, with you taking on the role of Guerillas rather than Soldiers. It's an interesting take on the franchise as you'll be the one making the decisions on when to attack and ambush rather than the other way around.In the first game you'd overwatch crawl your way to victory, trying to avoid activating pods in unfortunate scenarios. With Enemy Within, meld was an incentive to do more than just crawl across the map, and it worked fairly well. XCOM 2 expanded on that idea with a good chunk of missions having a timer where you'll fail the mission if you don't complete it in time. It's a bit contrived but gets the job done, however to make up for this you start most of these timed missions in concealment allowing you to pick when to engage and blow your cover.It's not a stealth game, I still have yet to complete a single mission without 'alerting' the aliens, however the stealth system does allow you to do something you had a harder time doing in the first game, ambush the enemy and pick when to engage.The gameplay itself has a lot of mods in the works, and is much easier to mod than the first game. Already there are plenty of mods that add new enemies, soldier customizations, voice lines, and map parcels (Maps in XCOM 2 are randomly generated so they get less static than the ones in the first game). There's nothing on the level of Long War for Xcom 1 yet, but the possibility is there and if the community makes the effort to create something like that, I'm sure it can be done.Is XCOM 2 a worthy successor to the first game? I'd say so. Is it a replacement for the first game? Well, the first game with no expansions I'd definitely say so. However is it a replacement for Enemy Within? No, I'd suggest anyone who's yet to try XCOM try out Enemy Within first, however I do think XCOM 2 is simply better than Enemy Within (Optimization aside).I'd put it like this, Long War for XCOM 1 has more depth than XCOM 2, however XCOM 2 is far superior to Enemy Within and Enemy Unknown. I'd also argue that XCOM 2 is an easier game on the harder difficulties, however mods already exist that can tweak the game to be harder or easier to whiatever suits you.Whether it's worth the price of admission is up to you, but with Steam refunds being a thing I'd certainly suggest trying it and giving it a shot, especially if you're a fan of the first game. If strategy games with a bit of chance are your thing, then XCOM 2 and it's tense engagements will certainly be for you.Edit: I've read a few negative reviews and most focus on the timed missions and Strategic side of the game. Here's the thing, the timers prevent you from simply crawling up the map without taking many calculated risks. If you dislike the timers you can edit them in LTX files or download mods from the workshop that elongate or remove them.As for the Strategy side, many were complaining that they didn't have enough time to do everything available there before getting into a mission. That's the point, with Advent controlling the world you'll have to make decisions about where you dedicate your resources. You'll usually be able to get one of the 'resource blips' before a mission, but not all of them. It's about choosing which one you think is more important to you, going for it, and then doing the mission.What's nice about XCOM 2 is that failing a mission or skipping a mission isn't a death sentence like it was in the first game. Yes on higher difficulties missing early missions can be terrible, however there are ways to get around this. Missions simply aren't as impactful, they're still important...But you have ways of getting around the cost of failure.You may have failed a mission and lost a Veteran soldier, but you now have ways of acquiring new soldiers for resources you have. Managing your resources is an important part of the strategic side as I mentioned, and they're much more important in XCOM 2 than the first game. Not only can you get new soldiers but you can get Scientists and Engineers as well, though it's important to remember you'd miss out on other things such as making new contacts, or getting some weapon upgrades. You can even spend resources to rush some research or building if that's what you'd like to try doing.The types of strategies you can emply thanks to these extra systems are just another bit of depth outside the Tactical game. So yes you won't be able to get everything available on the world map, you'll have to pick and choose. The thing is, you have much more to do resource wise, and many more decisions to make that add depth to the game.Also important not to forget, thanks to how easy it is to modify the game and how open the devs have been with this, you can change things such as timers or how long collecting resources takes yourself or by looking around on the workshop. Hope this helps clear a few things up and spread some light on a few issues I've seen people have."
76561198028777491,Not Recommended,268500,21141329,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Yakito,"13 fps during mission setup?The game is great, but so is my computer and this is a bit like the new Batman game in terms of performance.Do not recommend until they fix it. Be more patient than me and don't buy it."
76561198072929868,Not Recommended,268500,21038168,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Calen,"The Game uses turn timers to artificially increase difficulty Leaving the only strategy to rush. You can remove the turn timers with a mod but you can tell how much the game was built around this runing into groups of only two enemies it one sight.It sad really, because the game play is much better then the last game. Maybe mods will fix it but not anytime soon."
76561197968709434,Not Recommended,268500,21012216,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jlkim,"The brutal timers take all the fun out of this game and remove any pretense of it being about tactics.  My guess is that there's probably only one ""right"" way to beat each mission and success depends on the player's persistence in trying every possibility until the correct approach is discovered.In any case, even at normal difficulty, the combination of the timers and large numbers of enemies make even the early missions extremely difficult and not challenging in a fun way.I've requested a refund.  I may come back to the game at some point if the designers change up the game  mechanics.Edit - One thing I will say for the game is that it runs pretty well on my 2 year old Macbook Pro.  The OSX port seems to have been done really well."
76561198338048990,Recommended,268500,30804114,Posted: 28 March,all,Windows 2000,"Have been having a ton of fun with this game, extremley entertaining strategy game with fun missions and exciting gameplay.PROS-Great and thrilling gameplay-Many different unlocks and customization (Naming soldiers, perk upgrades etc.)-Always something to do, wether it be killing aliens or finishing up some research-Great (and funny) ragdoll physics-Awesome mods (Long War 2 etc.)-Not very repetitive-Different operators and different aliens-Very good and polished mechanics and everythigng seems useful-Challenging to everyone at any or a difficultyCONS- Sometimes there are bugs, but never game-breaking in my experience with the game- Not many narrative lines and cutscenes are repetitive (Com linking, mission entrance dialogue etc.)- Frusturating at some points, but thats what makes strategy games great.- Multiplayer could be betterOverall, I definetly recommend this game to anyone who wants to have fun with a strategy game, but maybe wait until it goes on sale because im sure it will soon. Thanks for reading."
76561197960281570,Not Recommended,268500,23620411,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Combat Gorge,"First off I want to preface that my review is based on ""what you pay for, and what you get in return."" Secondly, I realize I'm going to get flak for this so if you are a die hard fan of Firaxis or the XCOM series you can stop reading now because I doubt this review is for you. This review is for people who want to know if the money they spend is going to be returned.That being said, I flat out cannot recommend XCOM2 right now. I know a lot of people have mentioned bugs and poor optimization. I personally run the game on ultra, haven't seen anything exceptionally bad except for frame rate issues when a mission is loading. So my gripe isn't because of it being poorly optimized. My problem with XCOM2 is game play, or lack there of.First, it is the real lack of character customization with the base game, sure you could pay $5 for the anarchy's children pack which adds a little more to the game but even then it's not really worth it. Secondly, where you do have some armor choices, the tactical advantage conferred by those armors is either overlapped by other armors in various ways or not something worth utilizing a lot of the time. Third, the missions very quickly begin to feel repetitious, the environments all feel the same, the goals very often are the same and the enemy variations and tactics don't really call for major squad changes for most missions. In fact my third gripe is the one that really killed the game for me because XCOM2 got so repetitious so quickly I very quickly lost interest after feeling I had seen all the game had to offer.Now it's not all negatives, between XCOM and XCOM2 the tactical turn based strategy hasn't changed all that much. There are a variety of powers and weapons you can bring onto the battlefield to help give you an advantage, along with class specification getting some nice new additions (like the gremlin which I really enjoyed). During XCOM2 there is this AVATAR project timer that is supposed to give added pressure and force you into making decisions at times rather than waiting for when your squad is optimally prepared for the mission. However, this isn't a problem,  and I find this change acceptable given the story.In conclusion, I really wanted to love XCOM2, I really enjoyed Enemy Unknown and was so hyped to see a sequel to a game I enjoyed so much. So in some ways this is my disappointment talking, XCOM2 feels very unimaginative and doesn't bring anything new and necessary to the series. So for this reason I suggest if you love the series either wait for a sale, or wait and see if there is a DLC release that really opens the game play up (not just a rehash of the previous game please)."
76561197963462318,Not Recommended,268500,21012138,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,mr.jingles,"I have to give this game a negative review. Mainly because it's so much missed potential and some major design decisions that ruin the experience. Don't get me wrong, it's a decent game, but I feel it does not deserve all the credit it's getting from official reviewers, and frankly giving this game anything higher than 7/10 just proves that they have no real grasp of game design or game mechanics.At a first glance the game looks and plays very much like the previous game, I recon this is why it's getting good reviews from a lot of reviewers who haven't really spent that much time playing. I played this on iron-man, and veteran settings because that's how I believe X-Com should be played to offer an interesting challenge. If you play it on easy settings your soldiers will have some unfair bonuses to your aim and damage.The Good:- Upgraded graphics- More events, locations, enemies, gadgets and weapons- The random map generator. (Adds some degree of replayability to the regular missions)- The mod support- Addition of ""stealth""The Bad:- Too much randomness, random events that screw up the most carefully planned mission. Events that you as a player could not have had any chance of predicting. It's just too much.- ""Unfair"" rules, say that you sneak past a group of enemies and think you were smart, think again. If you complete the main objective all enemies that have not been activated might be activated at once and rush you.- Timed missions, most missions have a timer attached forcing you to have to sprint forward in order to reach the objective in time, This in turn makes stealth tactics or any tactics for that matter pretty useless.- Enemy behaviours don't match their roles. As an example zombie aliens can move about as far as your soldiers per turn, even though they look and are animated like they should be far slower.- Lack of unique soldiers/recruits. They are so obviously randomly generated that they sort of lose their ""personality"". Lazily written descriptions where there could have been hundreds of stories for the soldiers making them seem more real."
76561198022452016,Not Recommended,268500,20984057,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,PoopOnAstick,"I have an i7 with a gtx 980 ti, and this game lags so friggn badly!  Please, for god's sakes, fix the performance !!"
,Not Recommended,268500,20974131,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,yumitsui,The game runs very poorly. Hopefully they fix this but as of now I can't recommend it.
76561197965028239,Not Recommended,268500,21631291,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mac68,"Despite my rig being waaaaaay above minimum spec for this game, I am barely able to get much more than 10-15fps on anything but the lowest and crappiest looking settings. It's ugly and more or less unplayable. A little googling revealed that this is a known issue and that many others suffer from sucky framerate and lag, no matter what the pc. The official support response is generic and useless to say the least. The game is poorly poorly optimized. All in all, a total waste of money on my part. I am also sick and tired of Steam allowing game developers/companies to severely understate the minimum requirements for their games just so they can reach a broader market and make more sales to people who would be put off by any HONEST approximation of a games requirements. I believe that to be the case here. This game is not even in a releasable state in my opinion. Corporate greed and corner cutting to capitalize on the success of the previous titles. Shame on them."
76561198005966045,Not Recommended,268500,21087890,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Tom,"I can't recommend it. All the right ingredients are there, and it should be the best XCOM game ever made according to the sum of its features.Yet the restrictive turn counters that appear in most missions utterly ruin the game, and indeed go against what has always been XCOMs central concept. No longer do you carefully plan your way to victory, but instead find yourself scrambling to rush to an objective completely arbitrarily. Apart from anything else, it simply restricts the way you can play a mission. In the past, if people wanted to rush an objective, that was one of many possible strategies. Now, in most missions, it is the only possible strategy.The problem is only exarcebated because most of the maps are randomised, meaning there is no guarantee an objective is even completeable in the time allowed. When your entire squad can be wiped out on failure of certain mission types, this becomes a simply inexcusable and frankly game ruining design feature.In all other aspects this is a truly fantastic game, and those 1 out of 10 missions where there are no timers can be incredibly gripping. But knowing that a potentially game ending mission (through no fault of my own) could be just around the corner makes it increasingly difficult for me to play this."
,Not Recommended,268500,20987433,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mmurray821,"I loved the original XCom game and had great fun with it.With 2... not fun at all.  The forced timer on almost all missions means you have to run your troops at full speed to even get close to accomplishing it.  12 turns before the ""intercepters"" chase your transport off.  And it takes you running full speed for 6 turns to get there.  Drop a couple alien squads in the way with your troops missing at 80-90% hit chance combined with trying to defuse bombs/rescuce people and you have a failed mission and a dead/abandoned squad.If they added even 3 more turns it would be a nice balance, but with all the missions having barely enough turns to finish (and you will lose 1-3 people each time) makes this not fun to play at all.Putting on the shelf and will see if the developer fixes this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,268500,21009667,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dasya,"Awesome addition to the XCOM games! Quick rundown:+ Graphics look good & unit customization is great+ Solder pool allows you to save favorite looking solders, or import other people's solders. One from the pool may show up in game as a solder, engineer that has to be rescused, or even an enemy informant you need to kidnap or kill!+ Maps look great, and are all of a good size, as well as variety+ Enemies are varied, with more types than before. Aliens are actually a threat!+ Tons of different items for solders to use (various granades, ammo types, gun mods)+ Turn based missions make overwatch turtling an impossible strategy, which was pretty much the I-Win-Button for XCOM EU/EW. Also adds a sense of urgency.+ Ranged heals+ New classes are well designed and have some neat perks- Some performance issues. Sometimes there's a 5 - 10 second pause at the start of the enemy turn. Sometimes on the enemy turn the screen will go black. Sometimes FPS tanks for no discernible reason.- Navigating multi-floored buildings just as much of a pain as XCOM:EU/EW- While I find the time limit missions (which seem to be about 50% of them) fine, I think extending the timer by two turns on a mission would help out the casual XCOM players.- Russian & Polish languages missing. These were added in Enemy Within (along with localization), and should have remained. Even if Firaxis didn't localise there for XCOM 2, I'm sure a copy/paste of sound files from EW would have pleased those overseas. Though I am of neither nationality, I did like my Russian & Polish solders speaking their language, and hope this is implemented in the future."
,Not Recommended,268500,21213140,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kiwi,"Jeez, I really like XCOM, however, at the moment it is difficult to recommend.In a lot of ways this sequel is a move in the right direction. The game makes you feel pressured and you often have to decide on the best of two bad options. The field game is a lot more in depth and plays a lot more like old school X-Com. that said there are a lot of problems. Some of this stuff can be fixed with patches, however, on some level the game is just fundamentally flawed.It's hard, and I'm fine with that, XCOM should be hard, though I feel a lot of the time it's hard in the wrong ways.The missions often have time limits, and that's okay in itself but combine that with the way aliens enter the fight (they become active in packs of 2-3 as soon as one of your soldiers spots one of the pack, at which point they get a free move to cover) means that it is never smart to push out more than a few spaces a turn. If you discover a pack with your penultimate or last move of a round, 2-3 strong aliens get a free move to cover (or, even worse flank you) and then have a whole round to take down a couple of guys.The game pushes you forward with time limits and then punishes you for moving forward at even a moderate rate.Also, a lot of people seem to feel melee is OP, I'm not sure I'd agree with that, but I don't think it feels very good. If you run up and take a sword swipe at something and miss, that soldier is probably dead.The geoscape gameplay is not very well explained either, I'd advise treating your first game as a throwaway until you get the hang of how that works.Lastly, this game is really badly optimised, lots and lots of slowdowns, the game hanging for 5-10 seconds. Lots of gaps in the action, you'll throw a grenade, and there is significant gaps between the grenade being thrown, exploding, damage being dealt and the next action taking place.This game does have a lot of potential, but I don't think they can change the gameplay enough with patches to really make the gameplay coherent, the mechanics complementary and the difficulty.tough but fair."
76561198039834942,Not Recommended,268500,21533777,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,thecosmiccastaway,"Do not buy!  Yet.Cons:- Performance is horrible, even on the lowest settings.- Bugs too numerous to mention, and they're game ending.  Just read these:https://www.reddit.com/r/Xcom/comments/44hrsl/xcom2_bugs_a_list_of_bugs/https://steamcommunity.com/app/268500/discussions/0/412446292762017405/Pros:- Fun if you ignore all the above and don't mind doing key 1-2 hour missions a couple of times over.- Solid storyline, great concept.- Expanded on most aspects of what made XCOM great.- Challenging enemies and gameplay.  This quickly turns to Con with bugs, however.I'll immediately change this review to a Recommend once the game is reliably playable.  From the look of things this looks to be end of 2016."
76561198059174782,Recommended,268500,21198858,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tyree Jones,"Fun, brutal, and oh so unforgiving. This is truly what a sequel should be, improving on the bad, making the good better, adding some new features, and taking away anything unecessary. This game feels exactly like the original (the one in 2011) and former Xcom players will have no problems jumping in. Likewise, newcomers will find this game to be a bit harsh at first if they don't know what they're doing or if they don't know what the best strategy is, though there are lots of guides to help with that. To me though, the hardest part definitely comes in management. The Avatar Project, or the main thing you're fighting, can only be slown down by certain operations, it's no longer the take your time that we're used to in EW, but it still can feel a lot like it the further in the game you go. On a similar note, combat has been revamped and with all the other people talking about concealment and timed missions, I won't go into it, though I will say I like both. Another good thing is the multitude of ways to finish missions. In EW it was straight up kill all enemies or rescue certain amount of civs then kill all enemies. Now, there are missions such as hostage rescue, comm defense, comm destruction, vip capturing, and even detonating bases. The way they all function is great as well, they have multiple ways of finishing them, you can either go in guns blazing with a full squad, or use a lone soldier to capture an objective and then high tale it out without killing anyone. In general, it's a fun game and a great way to feel mad after seeing your rookies constantly mess up. 9/10"
76561198031283053,Not Recommended,268500,20973188,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,wraithowl1,"It seems I may be having graphical issues that are not common (Edit: OK, since a few hours after I wrote this review there are literally hundreds of other people complaining about the same issues, well, I guess they are common after all) but, even after updating my graphic card drivers, verifying the local cache, and trying multiple other fixes that had worked for people with older games I was unable to fix an issue with flickering/choppy shadows and intermittent frame rate drops. I was really looking forward to this game but at the moment I find it to be unplayable. I will add that 2K staff got back to me fairly quickly (about 10 hours, which to be fair, the day after release on a buggy game, is damn quick) and suggested reinstalling DirectX, Vcredist, and Microsoft .NET but I was unable to verify if these suggestions work since by then I had already returned the game and asked for a refund.Added to that multiple people have mentioned the fact that almost every mission involves turn timers (I can not personally verify this since I was never able to make it past the first mission thanks to my graphics problems) which would have been enough for me to request a refund anyway.At the moment, I really can't recommend this game. Especially not when compared to XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Enemy Within which is one of my all time favorite games."
,Not Recommended,268500,20980962,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,AG3,"The game itself is incredibly fun and challenging, but sadly I cannot recommend buying this game until the frequent crashes are fixed, and the performance issues as well. The potential is there, but it reeks of rushing to reach a release date."
76561198030312653,Not Recommended,268500,24882127,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Beyshan,"I tried reallly hard to like this game. But I failed. Most of the gameplay is all about RNG, which is uttelry infuriating. Seeing how your Sniper Guy misses an easy shot with 90% hit chance, which causes a chain of events that kills half of your team is just.. not enjoyable.I also despise the fact, that those ""rulers"" can appear on ANY mission - even the ones which have a restricted amount of turns  AND are crucial to the outcome of the ""Avatar"" Project (practically a ""you-lose-no-matter-what-event"", that has a countdown over the whole game process (who thought this was a fun game design???)) until you automatically lose the battle. So either you can decide between sacrificing your soldiers and completing the mission, or play safe and maybe still lose some soldiers and also the mission. Even if you are a cheap cheat and use save files to reload your game, you still might not be able to win.. sooo.. yeah, that't that.The missions feel kind of repetitive after a while, except for the ""ruler"" events (they ♥♥♥♥ you up most likely and make you want to uninstall the game)"
76561198127333783,Not Recommended,268500,20980963,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Running Rock,"Very poor performance despite meeting hardware requirements, patiently awaiting a patch.Hard to get a feel for the game proper with the wildly inconsistent framerate, audio popping and desync, but it does seem unneccessarily punishing in the early stages.Can't recommend it, unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,268500,21124636,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,himmatsj,"XCOM 2 is largely a refinement of and an advancement on XCOM: Enemy Unknown. It honestly doesn't feel like a full sequel. Feels like XCOM: Enemy Unknown 1.5. But that's not really a bad thing. As mentioned, many things have been refined and streamlined, and there have been a host of new additions that do mix things up to a certain degree. Though yes, at the same time, I must say I am a tad disappointed that things aren't more different.So, long story short, if you like XCOM: EU you will most probably like XCOM 2 as well. The campaign length for a first run is around 40-50 hours.Now, the game has some glaring issues. One is optimization. I honestly do not find the graphics to be anything stellar (they don't seem that different from in XCOM EU), but even on the lowest settings I am getting absolutely terrible performance.Another is from time to time, the game can bug out. I hacked a Sectapod successfully, yet somehow it remains out of my control and kills my troops on the next turn. Then there was once a muton who was actually on the roof, but the graphics made it look like it was at the bottom of the roof. And once my scanning went to -3 days (it just bugged out).Gameplay wise, too many enemies are just bullet sponges in the mid-to-late game.Now that I am right at the end of the final mission, I can say that this game suffers the same two issues from XCOM EU.1) The mid-to-late game is relatively much, much easier than the fiendishly difficult early game.2) There is no ""middle ground"" difficulty setting between Veteran (a tad too easy) and Commander (a tad too difficult)This game is a net recommendation actually but I leave a thumbs down until Firaxis can fix the optimization issues at least."
76561198011536084,Not Recommended,268500,22221666,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Bob,"Would be great if it worked properly, unfortunately it doesn't.Even with all the bugs I managed to get to the last mission... And I can't start it. All soldiers are standing ready in the hangar to start the mission but the buttons, including the launch mission button,  aren't there."
76561198035890110,Not Recommended,268500,20974450,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Toofan,"Me and many begged and asked Firaxis to let the fighters talk their native language, instead, Sgt Vitanovka from Russia and Jesse from Nigeria speaks like they are from Los Angeles, again, like in Beyond earth, you have no consept of game atmosphere, also, to few countries represented, and notice that there are no civillians kids, old people in the videos, they are all from the same preset 3D figure with different hair and skin color, ........... And yes Ive clicked on the native language function in the option settings.. it wont work..... And also, maybe tell players that running through fires will cause burn damage in the boring for F tutorial. Asking for a refund.. Im not buying a Firaxis game again.."
,Not Recommended,268500,20999242,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Applehead,"As it stands - no, I wouldn't recommend this. A big time XCOM fan and disappointed with how poorly this game runs on my system.I have 8gb of ram, GTX960 card and decent processor yet, on even the lowest graphical settings, this game judders and lags and sometimes even just stops dead for periods of time.Of course, I will amend my review when the situation improves through patches but I would have rather they'd delay the game further than release it broken and getting my hopes up for no reason. It's unplayable."
76561198076288994,Not Recommended,268500,21006383,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,EarlMcDabbins,"Game will be good once optimized, I have 16gb ram, run at 3.5ghz, with sli 980's its not my rig, I get crashes and fps drops like crazy, other than optimization game is great though."
76561198012916714,Not Recommended,268500,20983804,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SolidHybrid3483,"Yet again I purchased a Firaxis game and get burned... Unless they fix it, XCOM2 will go the way of Civ: Beyond Earth - Trashware."
76561198002619324,Not Recommended,268500,32711723,Posted: 23 June,all,susscureton,"Not nearly as good as the first one, constant timers and no time to collect the proper resources to achieve your goals. The game is bugged, enemies will dissapear in front of your eyes, and the exciting 12 fps during cut scenes will make you crazy. I'm going back to the original and ditching this poor excuse for a sequel."
76561198026957386,Recommended,268500,33549491,Posted: 14 July,all,Fluffy Bear,You get to fight alien invaders AND have Mexicans on your team.
,Not Recommended,268500,24923203,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Laugenbrezel,"A big let down for fans of both the originals and the great remake.The main problem is its balancing and having a timer in almost all missions was an interesting choice that simply does not work.Graphics are great, although as hardware-hungry because of a lack of polish like the rest of the game.What a shame."
76561198006541648,Not Recommended,268500,21005233,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SpacePinkerton,"Right now I cannot recommend this game because of the technical issues it experiences.The core Xcom gameplay is solid, apart from some annoyance caused by enemies shooting and pulling through solid walls (Some terrian seems to mean nothing). However the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥in the base and the menus, massive drops in fps and response, audio out of sync, and stupidly long load times (I’m running it off my SSD!)If I could get a refund right now I would. Do not buy this game yet."
76561198030938270,Not Recommended,268500,20971902,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mualchoc,Just refunded. Very bad fps ( 10-20 most of the time ) even my PC can run Tomb Raider with a lot more detail than this game at 30-60FPS.I can't say much about this game... will try to buy again if it get discount in the future.
,Not Recommended,268500,21632032,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Burgerkrieg,"EDIT: Comments and further research have shown that whether or not the game runs fluently has less to do with the power of your PC but hardware lottery. Some people with terrible machines have it run just fine, while others with beastly monstrosities have experienced all sorts of issues. There seem to be a lot more people with problems than without, so you may not even be able to have this game run fluently if you do have a supercomputer.ATTENTION: If you work at NASA or have access to the computing power of IBM's WATSON, you will find this to be a fantastic game. Otherwise, you will have big problems with performance where there should be none, not to mention the fact that this game is buggier than a square kilometre of the Amazon rainforest.XCOM 2 is, gamewise, a worthy successor to XCOM. It may not feature the full range of contents yet, and the story is a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor as you'd expect, but if you bought this expecting something on par with Mass Effect, you should not have. XCOM is about shooting aliens, machines, and alien-human hybrids (seeing as the players cannot be expected to simply be fighting human soldiers who have threwn their lot in with the alien overlords), and if good turn-based tactics and moments of euphoria followed by indomitable rage are what you're into, this game is for you.Sadly, it seems Firaxis somehow managed to do many of the things it did right terribly wrong. Yes, there is full modding support (as in: the tools the devs had, we had available on day 1), but the documentation on it is spotty at best. The character pool was a great idea, but it turned out to be an unweildy and unecessarily complicated feature. Not saying you wont get the hang of it, but once the ranger guy you carefully worked out to be an insane brute becomes a specialist because the game refuses to use the class you specified you'll be quite mad, I assure you.This is also one of the better sides of the game: the mods. The community is already hard at work, and some fantastic groundwork has been laid out, so you can be sure great things will follow. Firaxis loves the modders already, and maybe that is because they hope they can figure out a way to improve the horrendous performance, but the encouragement people are getting can only be rivalled by Bethesda. And seeing as EVERYTHING is moddable, workarounds for everything you don't like about the game will be available soon enough.Still, I cannot recommend the game in its current state. Wait until they fixed the performance and the modding scene is a little bigger, and this will be well worth your money."
,Recommended,268500,32861694,Posted: 27 June,all,Talonis Prime,"If you loved Final Fantasy Tactics, you will fall in love with this game.  This game has incredible amounts of customization and depth to keep you sinking so many hours of joy into it.The game out of the box is incredibly difficult but I say this with much praise.  I cannot say how much I enjoy finding a game that completely humbles the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me right from the start forcing me to come up with deep strategy and accept failure after failure.If you like to cheese your way through tough games, there are features for you along with a library of mods in the workshop to tickle the fancy of even the most creative.MMO players: at first you won't feel like this game is for you but the moment you download some classes in the steam workshop and dabble in the customization; you will love this one too and maybe even open your mind up to non-MMO possibilities in gaming."
76561198030850735,Not Recommended,268500,20980609,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mccorvy1_1,"AT THIS POINT, I HAVE HAD TO FIGHT TO GET THE GAME TO LOAD, AND IT WILL NOT START UNLESS I USE THE TUTORIAL.  I have top of the line equipment and everything ELSE works but this game.  $80 down the tubes so far..."
76561197995117438,Not Recommended,268500,24906542,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BabyDontHurtMe,"This will be my first review ever.This game is not remotely as much fun as the previous one. The game is totally different and feels unpolished. Enemies will shoot you through floors/roofs. When in overwatch, my players will fire at enemies through the roof/floor as well. It makes for difficult game play when the game gives you an x amount of moves to complete the stage. You can't play tactically, for its a rush from the begining just not to run out of turns. The turns system ruins it for me. I like exploring the stage and getting my snipers in good positions. You will get let say 12 turns to extract a scientist and then get to the extraction point. To move to the scientist will take about 3 - 4 turns without encountering any enemies. To then move to the extraction point will take atleat another 3 - 4 turns without any enemies. Throwing enemies into the mix makes that you have to blindly just move forward and hope you choose good positions for you don't know where the enemies are. When you get the scientist the AI will drop enemies straight in the path to the extraction so if your players miss shots that says 70% chance, and they hit you, you barely have time to heal them. When they are hit they will be unavailable for a few missions.I am not happy I purchased the game. I don't mind playing difficult games, but taking the part that I enjoyed out ruins it for me. Other players might enjoy it, I don't."
76561198214592032,Not Recommended,268500,24934176,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,phillipshead,"It's only worth it on sale, maybe not even that. Marred by issues, the pros don't outweigh the cons.PROS:* Gorgeous cutscenes, and the graphics are nice when they're not bogged down (which is unfortunately more often than not).* Very interesting narrative and story setup.* Highly customizable units.CONS:* Graphical stutters and lags unlike any game I've played on this machine. I'm sure tweaking the settings would bring it up to speed, but this is unacceptable, my rig should not have to turn down anything for this.* AI takes an obnoxious amount of time to respond sometimes. You could end up waiting up to, say, 15-20 seconds before that last alien makes its decision on what it's going to do. Maybe even longer. I've gone AFK sometimes. That's also unacceptable, and combined with the graphical stutters makes for quite the chore.* On the whole, it's too damn difficult. It feels like I'm fighting against the game makers and they're like ""a-HA! gotcha AGAIN!"" like they're torturing ants. Or more like, bullying children. Because ""oh, it's too hard for you? You're weak, git gud! Hahaha! Have another Codex thrown at your squad!"" It's just obnoxious.* On that note, the RNG is very much NOT reflective of itself. I don't know what smokescreen they're trying to pull, because ""idk, it's random! you could just have bad luck!"" but no. This ain't no bad luck. And early on, getting hit literally once could spell doom for the rest of the mission. Oh wait, that's later on too.* And of course, walls only sporadically work for line of sight. You *could* argue that they're shooting through walls if you've already given away your position--which is fair--but not fair when one squaddie gives away everyone else's position everywhere. And for the rest of the mission.* Stealth/ambush/whatever element makes no sense contrasted with the time limits and ""rescue X amount of civilians"" elements.I wanted to like this game. A LOT. But frankly it feels like a chore after a while--too much work for not enough pay, so to speak. I'm not about to throw myself at the same missions for hours just to end up being left with a (loaded) dice roll against me as usual and likely a dead squadmate or three if I *happen* to get any luck. I took similar issue with the previous title, but that was significantly more tolerable than this mess.See, these difficult RNG games *can* be fun, I'm all for them, but the problem here is that victory just isn't satisfying enough. You're quickly going to be thrust into a new mission again with a now-broken squad and very little, if anything, more to show for it. So what's the point? To just continue watching my squadmates die while I replenish them with recruits that just end up dying too? Oh, my reward for this mission is a scientist and a smattering of resources? Hardly makes up for the dead and injured.I might seem a little salty--and I am--but it's largely because I got this game on release, and now that I've waited months to try picking it back up again in hopes it's been tweaked to be more fun and technically sound, I'm instead greeted with some weak DLC. Difficulty and gameplay issues aside, it's the technical issues that really just kill it for me, that just adds insult to injury.Overall, while I love the game's presentation, I can't recommend it, but damn it I wish I could."
,Not Recommended,268500,24981724,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Nibulon,"I'd really been looking forward to this game but it just seems as if the XCOM-guys have a problem setting the difficulty levels. Usually I don't mind a challenge, however these missions take ages to complete, and the concept of enemies constantly respawning while your poor soldiers are being shredded to pieces just becomes annoying. I haven't played it through (and doubt I'll have the patience for it) but even after re-setting the level to novice I'm constantly reloading to keep at least some troopers alive.Really a pity in that the well-known setting in line with the older games in the series is quite cool.Well, have fun! I you want to play it then wait at least for a proper discount..."
,Not Recommended,268500,21265066,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,MoonBear(ง๏ᴥ๏)ง,"I want to say I love the game, I really do. It's everything you expected out of an xcom 2 game, but when it comes to me working so hard and having everything corrupted because saves no longer work, I just can't. I've reported this and hope it will soon be fixed as I am in a late game, but this pushed me over the edge along with bugs causing my people to die, such as many occurances with enemies line of sight. I don't think the team working on this project purposely let the aliens see past walls, and this accident has ruined many, many mission. As of right now with all the bugs, and corrupted files I can't give this game a good review. I'm not saying to avoid xcom because of these small, yet annoying, bugs I have encountered. If you've had your eye on the game for quite a bit then go for it, it's amazing, but I just want to put out an honest review that this game has finally crushed me with multiple save issues. Restarting from scratch won't be so bad, right...?"
76561198018586514,Not Recommended,268500,24844069,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,PoorYorick,"I will be brutally honest about my review here: I am not being objective. This is pure oppinion and if you enjoy the game it is completely and utterly up to you.So, did I like it?No, I hated it fully and completely. The game has very clear goals and none of them are admirable or interesting.While XCom: Enemy Unknown had issues, two things that I loved about it were the scope and the story. It felt like the desperate attempt of an unsuspecting planet to fight against a highly superior invader.That feeling is gone. The game tries to go for a ""fight the POWA!"" feel, but it utterly fails on a mechanical level. Missions are always about attacking and routing or anihilating the enemy. Enemies (like before) only activate once spoted, so you never feel like a covert ops team. In fact, your soldiers become so strong during the game, I hardly ever had one seriously hurt. By adding more content, the developers overlooked the dreadded powercreep.Now for the second titanic issue: The story*Spoilers*While XCom: Enemy Unknown went with a very event and action driven narrative that was mostly told through the memos and Ufopedia entries, it allowed the player a very good feel of what the enemy was up to and made it clear that XCom, while necessary was a very shady organization. You got black money from a shady council, constantly lauched military actions in neutral airspace and basically confiscated alien technology right from the soil of sovereign nations. Your actions were not black and white.XCom 2 forgoes these ideas and makes it obvious: Aliens EVUL, rebels GOOD, you HERO!The narrative is mostly character driven, following 4 people who handle everything (scientists and engineers only support, you never get the feeling that there is a whole legion of workers behind any breakthrough). Sadly, the characters are neither very deep nor very interesting. Due to the fact that rebels need constant rescue from you (the new terror missions are attacks on rebel bases), they come off as completely ineffectual and kinda sad. Your fellow freedom fighters have the same AI as civilians in the first installment and never take a shot or fight back.Finally, there are the aliens... The strange, unsettling enemy of mankind that has unified dozen of species and attacked you without provocation for no reason have basically become Dr. Robotnik from Sonic. Their motives are outright stated at the halfway point and their evilness is underlined with Auschwitz-imagery and their personal Steven Jobs - like spokesman. At some point they ""want to harvest the entire genetic material of the world"" by putting people into meat grinding factories. The final cutscene features the Commander himself in Psy-battle with the alien leaders. Yes, it has become that simple and dumb. It ends with a hint at what I assume will be the next installment. Anyways, I really didn't enjoy this game. Sorry, hope you do"
76561198080981929,Not Recommended,268500,21086086,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,aronnphoenix,"Let me just say I have no problems with the game's mechanics. There has been a lot of back and forth between the timers, balance, etc. but overall I enjoyed the design choices. I can see how people might dislike certain things about those, but that is not really the most pressing issue.The optimization, however, is.I find it hard to justify a purchase no matter how much I like the design when I could barely play it even at the lowest settings. Perhaps the specs requirement has risen greatly since EW, but even then there should be no justification as to why it chugs at 10 fps when EW works fine.Long story short, if you don't have a powerful pc like I do, I wouldn't buy this game until it's optimized a great deal."
76561198046278812,Not Recommended,268500,21033763,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jesty,"Before anyone reads this, this is a literal review i am not angry i am not ""butthurt"". I'm going to stay true facts that many others have come across and myself as well.The games RNG has only gotten worse from the last game, simple as that.Most missions you will lose most of your squad or your entire squad.The only way to do much of anything in this game is to be a ""save scum"" and reload till things go your way.This is nowhere near what the community hoped for in a Xcom game since honestly? Its just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game literally,It's like the Developers thought hm? Nothings really wrong with the game(nothing was) So lets make a sequel exact same game, just a few different things and lets up the difficulty scale by 100.It's kind of ridicoulous of much time i have to spent on one mission, I spent up to 3 hours per mission and lose my entire squad.No i am not one of those people who are oblivious to everything and fail at gaming no i am sadly a veteran nerd at gaming specially turn based games like these. I've been following Xcom game series for my entire life i love them to bits. But this? This is just unfair, cruel and honestly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, i regret spending 60 dollars on this trash.Everyone about this game is also predetermined once you start up a game or make a shot instantly its predetermined so if you lose and reload and then try the same♥♥♥♥♥♥again, Same result, if you move a little to the left same result. That shot is predetermined. There is no RNG in this it's just a masochist game for junkies. Sadly i'm a dedicated gamer so i will continue to try to make this game work for me or wait till there is mods that will actually do something about this unbelievable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. And i am prepared to face the amount of fanboys who will come to this games rescue but fun fact, I've already made 10 people run away crying with the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥i can say against this game. I do love it, but its also complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, a waste of time and money. There are very few cons to this game which are outweighed by literally everything about this game.You will see top reviews about (don't listen to the people who just point out a few cons) Yea no thats just another fanboy trying to get you to support this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game. Difficulty is annoying, the ""RNG"" is pathetic. There is also many smaller details i can gladly give anyone who is willing to listen and not waste 60 dollars on this failure of a Xcom game. Sadly my review won't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ i doubt anyone will see it but i hope someone does, i hope this spreads cause i'm tired of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t games getting rep for being good. No this is not my opinion this is a fact.Cheers"
,Not Recommended,268500,21003591,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Great Mav,"This is unplayable on my MacBook Pro ""15 (early 2014). I'm talking 5-10 fps and 10-minute-long load times (I'm well inside minimum requirements, with RAM to spare). Unless a patch comes along and *tremendously* improves performance, I won't be playing this game anymore (and I'm a XCOM veteran). :("
76561198123871220,Recommended,268500,31223030,Posted: 18 April,all,FelineFur,"I invested in the Deluxe Version of this game and it was well worth it.  New customization options and new units are available; as well as new armor, missions and a few new enemies.  There is a timer mechanic but instead of making things annoying, it keeps them moving and intense.  You can push back the timer with certain missions as well, which is nice.  The turn limited missions can get somewhat annoying in the way that it pushes you to the objective but it makes sense with the premise of this game.Upon beating the vanilla version of this game, I was left satisfied but curious.  The ending was akin to a movie ending with room for a sequel.  Easily one of my favorite games, even beating out the previous games; of which I adored.Overall, excellent game."
76561198027609131,Not Recommended,268500,21282720,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,pegatcho1982,Really thought id like this game but im so sorry to say i dont many of the reasons have already been said so i wont go in depth but i will say i started on the  third differculty and got owned lowered it and its no better enemies rarely miss while player misses everything to me this has lost the feel of the first game not terrible but defo not worth the cost
76561198051569370,Not Recommended,268500,20981516,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,batfish73,"Been trying to ""finish installing 1% for hours now...nothing.  Bummer."
,Not Recommended,268500,21061856,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ragnarok,"Harsh design, poor optimisation and a baffling lack of truly random outcomes spoils an otherwise interesting sequel.  The strategy layer is much improved, the concealment mechanic interesting (if not actually all that useful) and the new aliens and soldier abilities expand into new territory.  It's such a shame therefore that it seems hellbent on preventing players having any fun at all.  Tweaks can be applied by mods to smooth out some of the worst, but presently there is no way to ensure the game properly delivers random outcomes to possible actions, meaning all the decision making by the player is ultimately irrelevant."
,Not Recommended,268500,32976466,Posted: 28 June,all,wc901107,"Despite that this game has a good story background and rich game elements, it has fatal problems that not worth to waste your money.1. Buggy & poor performance- The game crashes quite often, and sometimes just stuck on loading.- Keyboard disorders sometimes and- The game consumers a lot of resources when the graphic is just not that good.2. Bad UXThe UX design is a pain point of this game. The buttons/options/widgets are just not very responsive. You may very easily misclick or select on wrong option. Then the whole battle is ruined, and you have to reload or suck it. For first few play through, you just don’t know how some researches/items work, unless you search online. You pay extra time to figure out something that they suppose to tell you in the game.3. Ridiculous battle systemSeriously, the designer must really hate people. The battle system is not just hard, but makes no sense.The whole RNG design is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. For Civilization 4, the battle RNG is okay. Because you can product a large enough army, so one bad luck consequence is minimized. Rr you can avoid war to avoid rolling the dice. But in this game, the battle scale is so small, one bad luck may determine whether you win the battle, or fail the mission and your whole elites get wiped out. A game can be hard, but it has to be hard for a reason. You can punish players for their bad choices but not their bad luck.Many settings are just anti common sense. Like enemies get a cover bonus, even if the cover is not even in the way. At the moment you release it, you find out you stand on front of enemy, can’t cancel,  hit, miss and get killed in next turn. Then again, you have to search online to see what exact the cover condition is and try to memorize it.The way enemies engaging the battle is also ridiculous. After lose your concealment, There is no way you can predict the when to engage the enemies and yet it is the most important part in the battle. It is very likely you get engage battle with two group of enemies at same time for no reason and just lose your best soldiers. Again, luck plays an important role here, which makes the game experience even worse.A game can be hard, but shouldn’t be hard like this way. A game can have RNG, but shouldn’t punishing players hard for their bad lucks.If you really like this type of game, go to play super robot wars series, which have much more friendly design."
76561197967035726,Not Recommended,268500,26315142,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Tinytim,"Xcom 2 isn't a bad game, the problem is that it's not that good either. Xcom Enemy Unknown (and later enemy within) kept me coming back over and over again. While there was a host of problems with the first one, it still had that feeling, you never know what you're up against, and you never know if a mission is gonna end well or not. In XCOM 2 you know what you're up against, because you only ever fight the same 3 types of enemies with very rare exceptions. Half the classes are really broken when it comes to balance, which ruins the experience if you go for a higher difficulty run. Risk/reward analysis forces you to play in an incredibly boring manner, which makes the whole point of high difficulty gone. In the first game, I would sometimes have to go for a hail-mary, and risk everything to keep my men alive. This never happens in XCOM 2, as there are no classes that can do anything close to a hail mary move. My advice, get XCOM enemy within, and when you've gotten good enough, download ""Long war"", it's way way better.Oh, and also, it's completely impossible to play Ironman mode in it because it bugs out and messes up everything regularily"
76561198011888589,Not Recommended,268500,21000710,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Rock Obama,"The gameplay is great. The performance is not - even on a well-specced machine there is noticeable lag and stuttering, it just doesn't feel smooth to play. If they fix this then I'd gladly change my recommendation to yes."
76561198026756978,Not Recommended,268500,24845224,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,cowerd22,"Not at all as good as the original. Timers everywhere make each mission a rush to the arbitrarily exploding obgective. Just play Enemy Within, more content with fewer frustrations and technical issues."
,Not Recommended,268500,21893436,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,JRS200x,"1st Soldier:  95% Chance to hit.Miss.2nd Soldier: 90% Chance to hit.Miss.3rd Soldier:  92% Chance to hit.Miss.4th Soldier:  95% Chance to hit.Miss.Me:  Alt-F4, Uninstall.♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561197970391733,Not Recommended,268500,30870791,Posted: 1 April,all,Load,"I liked everything this game had to offer except..Limited turn missions, I absolutely hate it. I like to ponder over my tactical choises instead of just rushing. Thats what you have to do in this game, just rush. That leave very little turn time to acual do tactics, which was one of the keypoints for me in the the series.It ruined my experience so much that I had to shelf the game early.Its with a heavy heart I write this negative review. Becourse I really was a fan of the series, and the original X-com which is one of my favorite games of all time."
76561198004355977,Not Recommended,268500,21038997,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,KamiKozy,"I was able to play about 45 minutes of the game then had to call it a night.Go to play next day""Windows was forced to close...""""Steam Server to busy""Go to verify files and anywhere from 1-3 files will be recovered but nothing ever isReboots, restarts, reinstallations, drivers, updates, everything is updated and nobody can explain or help me why this game ran last night and doesn't today.Known WIDESPREAD issue that Im yet to see any formal address from 2k or Steam about. Good luck contacting them btw, they just blame each other for the issues I am having. 2k says its steams downloading, steam says to contact the publisher or developer.Forums and websites CRAWLING with issues and they are all a common trend and yet not a single known fix to them from the creators or steam. Last 2k POS i ever buy, was fun for the 45mins i could play, but now im getting my refund and moving on.Edit: Time played, literally how long I spent installing, reinstalling, verfying etc, nearly 13 hours off and on and nothing fixed it. Ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,268500,21037412,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Space Pope III,"In its current state I wouldn't recommend it. Not only are there balance issues but the campaign mechanics are poorly explained, meaning you'll most likely lose the game and have to start over. The second time will go better since you now know what the game should've told you in the first place (black sites only remove a few pips from the avatar project, they don't reset it, your main goal should be taking out those as fast as possible).So to sum up the issues point by point:- Poorly explaind Avatar Project/campaign- Balance issues on missions, even on normal- While people say base building has been simplified it still has an optimal build order. If you don't know it you're screwed.- Turn limits on almost every mission exacerbate balance issues- Bugs galaore. Most are just visual and can be ignored but others affect gameplay.- Major performance issues even with a 980Wait for balance and performance patches."
,Not Recommended,268500,23743528,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,quintmorrison6,"This game feels like visiting one of your best friends from high school, but everyone told him he was awesome, so he's decided to change. He's the same physical person, but he likes different things, has a different sense of humor, and he is a sore loser at games and often cheats. That's how XCOM 2 feels compared to XCOM. It's not more of the same, but instead it throws out the well balanced strategy layer I and others found fun, and it replaces it with a chaotic mess with a timer that can randomly tick up faster certain months. The resource restrictions feel more annoying than enjoyable, and much of the game feels scripted, the opposite of what any XCOM game should feel like.In all honesty, I take this personally. I love XCOM and have bought it on PC for myself and others, on XBox, and even on iPhone. This was a day one purchase, but I've put off playing it because it feels like the game is upset with me playing it. The game is no longer well balanced for Iron Man mode and seems to encourage save scumming instead.To be honest, because I want to beat it and see the ending, I've been playing on Beginner difficulty (with Iron Man selected because I enjoy the perma death aspect still). I've almost beaten it in my sixth game. I've lost five games on normal difficulty and had to resort to beginner just to have a chance, and it's still hard.XCOM 2 feels like playing a game with a child who cheats and changes the rules. What hurts my feelings is that my favorite game is XCOM, so this feels like an old friend who has changed who he is for no reason and has become a sore loser to boot."
76561198012756377,Not Recommended,268500,22308436,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,propy05,"This game probably has a lot of potential, but it's too broken to know for sure.  Many times I would have a soldier aim at one enemy, but then shoot at another one that I didn't intend because of some glitch.  The camera has an odd tendency to slowly drift on its own when you're planning a movement or aiming a grenade which results in leaving your soldier in the open or missing a toss.  Whenever an NCP in the game talks to you on the radio, you're not able to take any action, and there is ALOT of radio chatter, which is usually reminding you of mission objectives that you already know or telling you about the mission timer of which you're already well aware.  There is an option that makes it seem like you can reduce this needless dialogue, but it has no noticeable effect, making missions last much longer than they need to and adding frustration to the already broken system.  It's disappointing to have the experience ruined by game glitches, bugs, and wasted time, and until they fix these problems, I cannot recommend playing this game.  Was very excited for XCOM 2, but ultimately very disappointed and frustrated."
,Not Recommended,268500,24924460,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ZhuGeLiang,"I would recommend this game, and for people who truly enjoy strategy games, science fiction, strategy, and cheesy storylines, I would still recommend it - but for numerous reasons, to the general rpg and strategy player, I simply can't provide my recommendation of XCOM2. Here's why.First of all, the game is incredibly demanding on PC resources - so much so that even with a near top-of-the-line air-cooled rig, I run it on low settings. It is buggy and crashes occasionally. There are frame drops and hiccups. I had issues with the cinematics when it was first installed - sound would play out of sync, and sometimes the cinematics wouldn't show at all.Secondly, it is overpriced for what you get. The DLCs add very little to the game, and the rewards from completing them are quite hefty from a resource-cost standpoint. Even if you forego all of the DLC, on Commander+ difficulties you will find yourself grinding missions simply to get more resources before the final assault. Throw in the DLC rewards, and you will very quickly realize just how much of a grind XCOM2 can be.Third, there are no *real* choices in XCOM2. When you have access to three guerrilla operations, you are merely choosing between the best reward in most cases (which is typically fairly obvious.) Outside of that, your only choices will be whether or not to spend intel to buy a weapon upgrade on the black market, or spend resources on your ranger shotguns instead of sharpshooter sniper rifles. Missions are completely linear, and some missions are literally impossible to complete thanks to cheating AI and random spawn locations. (One time I spawned on a map with four alien groups that triggered simultaneously the following turn, even if I didn't move.)There are no alternate endings besides success and failure. Missions do not change much even on new playthroughs - you will meet new aliens at approximately the same times and in the same order. There are only three or four game-progress missions that *require* completion. The rest are time wasters and provide a slow trickle of resources...which are the only real impediment to your progress. Player skill and good decision making will not impact your completion speed much - only the random rolls for whether or not you get downed UFO missions will influence that.It becomes painfully obvious eventually - 95% of the missions are simply obstacles to your progress within the game, and barely feel like they *are* the game. They're more like a house fly that won't stop landing on your arm. Your actual success or failure depends not on completing these missions, but rather on whether or not you have the resources to obtain region contacts to reach the missions you *need* to progress. This lack of importance makes 95% of the game - the mass of meaningless missions - feel like the filler on a one-hit-wonder music album.If I were to rate XCOM2, I'd give it a 6/10. It's not a terrible game by any means, and I know a lot of work went into it, but it seems like they never finished it. Maybe they expected the mod community to do the work for them...maybe they figured they'd make their money back and some more, and that'd be enough. But the lack of RPG-type customizeability on soldiers, the apparent meaninglessness of most missions, and the on-rails story really ruins what would otherwise be a solid turn-based strategy game."
76561197994903522,Not Recommended,268500,21280614,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Germanico,"This brief review comes from an old time veteran of UFO games going all the way back to the 90s. Being a great fan of the relaunched Xcom the second installment was an autobuy. And I am very confident they will eventually patch it to where it should be, but...Even on easiest setting some of the missions are extremely hard - mainly due to the RNG gameplay mechanics built into the core mechanics: I've had to reload for literally 2 evenings to finish one of the missions because of flaws in my team that I simply could not have prevented as a player. And that comes from a ironman player of Xcom 1. I have no qualms with being punished for stupid gameplay - in Xcom2 I am constantly reloading simply because stuff happens that I have absolutely no control over.The alien opponents seemingly use their maximum movement range and still melee attack - or they have insane range. And why Aliens get an out of turn movement phase when they are surprised by my team beats me. Result as so often is that they can essentially flank the hell out of me without my team even being able to reposition.The timers are extremely tight and often enough I had to restart missions all the way from the beginning simply because I had that one turn missing to finish the extraction. I even had to leave folks behind due to the constantly reapearing aliens - without my guys having a fair chance to fight their way out. No one left behind? Not in Xcom2.And don't get me even started on the hit/cover percentages... Let's say it this way: they really need some love.Story and core combat of the game are great and absolutely addicting. It's just not really polished for the player yet. But I am sure it will happen over time and then my hesitant ""NO"" will become an overwhelming ""YES""... until then: you either have to be a lucky star OR masochistic. Or both..."
,Not Recommended,268500,25878272,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,a basic bitch,"The game worked for the first playthrough. It was fun. Time limits add something to the game. Complainers are trying to play the game wrong.Thumbs down because now the game crashes repeatedly, to the point of unplayability. Company seems to have zero interest in fixing these issues, or responding to tech support issues with any seriousness."
,Not Recommended,268500,21226231,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Reptilienski,"GTX980 = never above 20 FPS, though good game"
,Recommended,268500,21080087,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,B̸EƘTØR,"While I'm still playing through the campaign, I can say that XCOM 2 is overall a well-made game, but there are some downsides with it. For me, mainly two: the game isn't as optimised as it should be, I'm running a 650 Ti 2GB currently but I feel like it should be able to run the game at higher frames (although the game has never outright crashed). I also feel like the difficulty of the game needs some tweaking - I've been playing on the second difficulty and it feels too punishing in certain areas.If you make one mistake in your research, mission choices or facility choices, you can find yourself in completely frustrating situations, like not having enough squad member slots, or wasting all your money on new soldiers because you didn't buy the facility needed to use the speed boost that heals your current soldiers faster and in time for the next mission. Once you realise your weaknesses and start trying to correct them down the road, the Avatar counter will keep ticking up as expected, not giving you enough time unless you want the red bar almost completely filled by the time you're prepared for the mission.Making these types of oversights can make the game extremely tedious unless you constantly revert saves, which isn't how you want to play it. You can find yourself saving after every mission so you can revert to any point of the game and change your choices so that you can avoid the problem that made you revert in the first place.Overall, good game for strategy players and one that improves on Enemy Unknown. Don't buy if your graphics card is old or if you don't want to constantly revert saves or constantly lose all time and effort you invested into your playthrough.(Yes, I understand XCOM is meant to punish bad decisions, but personally I feel it went too far in that direction and could have been more forgiving at least a few times, especially on the first two difficulties).P.S. I wrote this review for the Pillar of Community badge."
76561198019125686,Recommended,268500,22818358,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,TapewormLondon,"As if its even possible, XCom 2 is a vast improvement on XCOM EU and EW in everyway. Great tactical game, meaningful choices, deep character creation, excellent modding scene, its brilliant. If you like strategy games pick this up. If you like challenging games pick it up.At time of this review there are some optimisation issues, although for me they have been absolutely monor, others have not been so lucky. Suggest you read up on that before purchase."
,Not Recommended,268500,24836100,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Bebeop,"Bought this game on release. I could never beat it because of crippling frame drops that would eventually crash my computer. Months and months later, I am  still unable to play. From maximized settings to the lowest of the low, the performance remains low, and  the game is just as broken. They have refused to refund me even though most of the time accumulated was all from system tests to try and find a correct spot to see if I could even play the game. I surpass the system requirements so there should be no reason for this. Horrible shady business practices that will release a broken game and refuse to fix any of it means I will not recommend it.Stay away from XCOM 2."
,Not Recommended,268500,21212082,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,rlh445,"Boy, it'd be great if this game was optimized with any sort of competency.  I can't play this awful mess of a game without it crashing MY WHOLE ♥♥♥♥ING COMPUTER every 10 or 15 minutes.  I have an I7 6700k and a 980ti with fully updated drivers.  When the game DOES play, I'm getting 90-100 FPS after adjusting some grahpic settings (seriously, MSAA x2 should not be destroying my frames the way it is) but soon into a mission or even just customizing a person, the game crashes the entire machine.I'm getting a refund and I suggest any persons who have not already downloaded this game to STOP. and wait for an actual patch to come out that addresses this.  Screw you, Firaxis."
,Not Recommended,268500,21211706,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Christopher,"I can't believe the number of bugs in this game. I'm not one to gripe about bugs when a game is released, they happen. But I don't understand how this game can go through QA and the decision makers go ""Yep, thats good enough"". Hangs, bugs, crashes, glitches...this game has them in spades. I'm able to take the time to write this review because I'm verifying my game cache in order to see if that provides a solution for the last mission not even starting. For shame!"
76561198010709149,Not Recommended,268500,22257934,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The Dylan,"I give the vanilla XCOM 2 a 4.5/10, but the mod community is what makes this game enjoyable. This game is just another example of an unfinished product being released at full price, and then having to wait for minor ""Expansion packs"" to make the experience whole. Without the modders, this game would be unplayable."
76561198008825121,Not Recommended,268500,24997009,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Dirkki,"I wish there was a NEUTRAL opinion, but as there is I have to give negative one.The difficulty is just brutal and having spent the last two hours trying different approaches on a battle, I just feel frustrated and this is far from fun. Thus, it's a definite negative opinion, although I do enjoy aspects of the game, thus neutral review would be more justified.Having played strategy games for past 25 years, this game really gets the best of me. The constant save and load routine is far from fun and I was hoping that belongs to the 80's and 90's and game design has evolved a bit, but no..."
,Not Recommended,268500,21221128,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,The Red Comet,Tons of game ending bugs
,Recommended,268500,21051548,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Dekar,"Finished the game on Commander+Ironman (second highest difficulty).The turn timers are fine, grenades and mimic beacons let you play agressively while you enjoy the destruction you cause instead of boring overwatch camping all the time.Don't hate the game because you are bad, try to improve your skill!It does have performance issues though."
,Not Recommended,268500,21084564,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"It's the same game as X-COM 1, but with more constant, annoying interruptions from Captain Sweater(now mildly grizzled) and, somehow, worse storytelling. It'd also be nice to be able to click a button without a damn cutscene. It feels like the game also aggressively wastes my time every time I take an action, by trying to extend them with as many animation flourishes as possible. It's neat the first, to be positive, ten times, but after that it just makes you wish the game would get on with it.I eagerly await when Firaxis will start releasing actual games again, rather than full-conversion mods of stuff they've already done, while pretending they've actually spent time programming and designing(Looking at you, Civ: Beyond Earth).If you're buying this at full price, you're being cheated, because there's practically nothing in here that a crew of modders could not have added to X-COM 1 over the course of a few months, and most of the actual mechanics changes are negligible or, incredibly enough, make the game worse."
76561198008276226,Not Recommended,268500,23489932,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Doc Clarke,"Firstly - it's buggy REALLY buggy. It used to be fine. A patch about a month ago messed it up and now it stutters and crashes. Check my Steam profile, 600+ games. This and  ""Bully"" (which is listed as not for Windows 10 my OS) the only two that crash.If you have AMD graphics we are lead to believe your results will be much better. Maybe Firaxis hate Nvidia? Who knows?Then the nonsense ""tank rush"" mentality of the game itself.Lead your squad through rushed missions where common sense applies only where the developer thought it would make the game more ""Doom"" and less ""XCom"".Rush against deadlines that make no sense - You can build massive bases around your craft and in several places throughout the world -  that the aliens - who have technology far in advance of the level humanity - for some reason cannot see despite 100% satellite coverage.Then watch as those same aliens develop a 2nd sight and somehow manage to start the ""turn clock"" the minute you disembark from your papier mache landing craft. They can;t see you, they don't rush to attack you, indeed you can take them by surprise, attack them from behind whatever.They seem oblviious to your presence until you start shooting or get into line of site with one of them.But the turn clock counter thing knows you are there - so it starts counting down. Makes no sense to me at all.WHY FIRAXIS WHYIt makes sense only if you can twist your logic around corners and give the devs enough rope to hang themselves withThe question reamins WHY was it needed in the first place. Why turn a turn based strategy into a  turn based tank-rush?Loving playing the original on my PC and  Ipad Pro. Stopped playing this after a week."
,Not Recommended,268500,21311005,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Cyrus Games,"The game's current state is aweful. Constant crashes, FPS drops, stuttering, etc. You name it, this game suffers from it. I ignored the problems and beat the game; now I wish I had just requested a refund when I had the chance. Don't give these people your money.A recent hotfix did very little. Someone, either the devs or the publisher, made a huge mistake here. Just, please, save your money and go elsewhere. At the very least, if you do buy this game, test it out and if you have any problems, promptly hit that refund button."
76561197970483304,Recommended,268500,21123864,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Dark Cornatus,"I put a few hundred hours into a modded XCOM (Long War) and loved it. XCOM2 is better is so many ways. Obviously it's not quite balanced and optomised yet, but it's onyl fresh off the market. A patch or two and some modding will make it amazing.Everyone goes on about the turn timers. This is not an issue on normal difficulty. It adds more strategy imo. I often use a soldier with the extra concealment perks, and let them run ahead out of sight to get to these objectives.My biggest hates:- The Advent moving like power ranger enemies with rediculous arm gestures.- The SLOW time between turns- Not being able to focus on completing tasks in the main control centre - always getting urgent pop ups.- No easy way to generate Intel to expand communications.As i said though, almost everything else is an improvement for me. This game will be solid in a few months."
76561198031011148,Not Recommended,268500,24907597,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Habanero,"Purchased this on sale. This is the first game I have ever requested a refund on.The AI and the L.O.S bugs as well as a screwed up RNG make this game impossible to enjoy. You can't adapt your strategy and learn form your mistakes as the RNG screws you over and if that does not hurt you, then the L.O.S bugs will.Try to lay an ambush with multiple guys behind cover? Good luck, your guys get hit with insta-kill behind multiple walls.2 missions in, 4 hours of game time and still no means to enjoy it."
,Recommended,268500,20985289,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mad Sweeney,"If you like Enemy Unknown you will love this. From what I have played, it's basically a tuned up version of that with much better customization. hat said, if you really hated EU then I probably would not bother with this.The only real gripe I have is that it's poorly optimized with frame rate issues, but turn of AA and it certainly improves things but if that bothers you, wait a few weeks. Otherwise, I highly recommend this game."
76561198007993196,Not Recommended,268500,21535676,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,-=Me=-,"Let me start by saying it's a really fun game, when it's working.I've been fortunate to never have had any bugs, untill today when a new patch was released...The game crashes after EVERY mission (directly before the scene where the plane lands on the avenger).Reloading a save game file does not work however if i restart the game it sometimes works, sometimes...I can't recommend this to anyone at the current state, read around for more bugs, the list is quite long by now."
76561198008840437,Recommended,268500,21042391,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Double Entendre,">Bring squad to highground.>Take cover behind a bunch of rocks.>Muton throws grenade, blows up all the cover.>One soldier yells ""We're being flanked!"">The other three yell in unison ""At least we know where they are!""11/10 would get flanked again."
76561198116553071,Recommended,268500,33440343,Posted: 10 July,all,A Fucking Sexy Swan,"I can't deny, I'm one for hype and this for me did not feel hyped at all. For people into the Xcom crowd this is probably the best thing in the world. But now I've put in 32 POINT 7 hrs I can happily say it is the best thing in the world. This game seems so underrated and I'll be honest it was not on my radar at all until this years summer sale when it dropped down to 11 squids or so for the base game. I'll tell you now I'm scared of the DLC but the base game is amazing. I don't need to list the constant positive of this game because there are so many (If you want more detail I'll link a youtuber who I think judged the game fairly with his release copy, care language:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Jp8m2SPmzE&t=886s) and the game just works so well and does every little thing you want from a turn  based game. My favourite being the fact you can edit your characters in multiple different paths, e.g. when you want to edit your gun you are able to reach the weapon customisation from the deployment window or the armory and don't have to go one way like so many other games. It may seem futile but developers that give such small options are developers that make good games. This game is TOTALLY worth it's original release price 100%. No it is not for everyone because y'know it's turn based and I'll be honest if you don't like chess or being beaten up by a computer game you won't like this. It is HARD on higher difficulties and takes a lot of patience, especially on escorts where you are timed on your objective. There are options to go without saves and do it in one go if you wish, which I haven't done yet but I'll tell yopu now I have no problem with doing so. I love this kind of game and it is the best of its genre, I'm hooked man!This is the kind of game you can play all day and feel satisfied as chuff after you're done. At the end of the day, you like turn base or you don't. But I tell you now this game is worth it's low release price and it's completely worth the 11 pound sale I tell you now."
76561198014495605,Recommended,268500,33768230,Posted: 24 July,all,Zorus,"This is another good game in the series, I enjoyed most of it. Its biggest problem is the spotting mechanics. There were a few missions where I was unable to move my troops to any spot (and yes, I loaded and reloaded) where I was not spotted in the first round of action. Frustrating enough to cause me to put the game down for a while."
76561198012734159,Not Recommended,268500,22016820,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,[BWC] Gamedrake,It's all the same XCOM goodness but... I feel this version has taken a step back rather than forward. Still a fun game but not as fun as the first one ... just my opinion of course. I really dislike the timer and I miss the mechs.
,Not Recommended,268500,21026484,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,A Corrosive Cat,"First of all, as many have begun with: I really loved XCOM EU. I was hooked, no question about it; I set myself offline on Steam and Skype just to keep playing, and didn't regret not seeing the light of day. And even, to top it off, the only surviving soldier from the very beginning became my first Psi soldier, and she ended up triggering the final cutscene - MVP? Definitely. I was fully invested in the most understated sense possible.However, this game, whilst it's definitely not a bad game, doesn't have the same level of connection to me. Whilst I get that the beginning levels of a game shouldn't be unfailable, nor should they feel like the halfway point of the previous title in the franchise. I get the whole ""You've lost the war, you're on the backfoot; survive."" sort of thing, and I like it in concept, but in action it just feels poorly done. I neither feel like I'm the underdog - since I'm getting to every conflict on my side of the globe with six soldiers, a flying boat, and a ♥♥♥♥-ton of grenades - nor am I the remnants of a super-efficient private war unit - since I've got a scientist, a girl who makes her colleagues do everything, and a commander who won the award for ""Most cliche, expressionless soldier"" at the army's summer ball.It just doesn't feel like XCOM. The aliens have really ramped up their abilities too; of course this makes sense, but towards the end of XCOM EU this felt like a tactical issue rather than a resigned ""Yup"". My skirmishes go somewhat like this: ""Alright, okay, everyone in position. Twelve turns to move this MVP and the squad up to the evac point (which could have literally been on top of us, but okay). Put these guys into position over there annndd ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥. Okay, we'll flank h- ♥♥♥♥. You're mind controlled are you? Okay, right, he's floating in the air."" and so on. That floating in the air bit actually happened at a point where two of my soldier were side-by-side on a church rooftop, which got blown out from underneath them. One fell to their death, the other just calmy stood up there, not being able to move off of the nothing that he was now perched on.In summary: it's frustrating, it's slow, and it's definitely not the sequel to XCOM EU.But since I'm not one for spoiling things, I'll let you find out about the performance issues yourself."
76561198055512755,Not Recommended,268500,21719114,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,bob.lovell,"XCOM 2 feels a lot like XCOM except they added bugs and removed a lot of the fun features we had in XCOM. Still an enjoyable playthrough. XCOM was better in all aspects in my opinion.If you liked XCOM, I would recommend playing that again instead of paying 60 bucks for XCOM 2. The XCOM 2 story is not as interesting and the gameplay is practically the same if not worse than XCOM."
76561198032439191,Not Recommended,268500,25135661,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,bluerabbit,"This is not a fun and strategical anymore even I have no problem with Save/Load 10 times per single mission :)Biggest thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off are missions limited by Turns counter. Ie. You have 8 turns to do something or you loose. 8 turns mean that all strategy is gone. 8 turns mean that strategy missions turned into run competition with lots of Save/Load, because you have no time to approach carefully and strategically.I have no problem with missions limited by Turns counter (It was fine with previous XCOM), but in XCOM2 it is crazy. Even I am playing on second difficulty.I played all previous xcom (DOS one included :)), but this version of xcom do not give me THE Xcom feeling anymore :/"
76561198004404059,Not Recommended,268500,20990121,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Vork,"The developers hype a game that showcases stealth and ambush tactics, then force us the do a run-n-gun playstyle 90% of the time as we are barely able to make the timed objectives.  Why didnt you just make a first person shooter?  This is NOT an enjoyable strategy game as it is.The graphics are jumpy and give stupidly low frames per second. I think I actually got down to 1 fps during the class intro sequences.  Also, why do we have to watch the inside of the skyranger for 5 minutes while it flies back to base?Slow and sloppy.I went to change the loadout of my troops and got ""stuck"", I was unable to back out back to the mission prep screen, had to shut the game down.I am debating a refund request.  I would advise you to seriously consider waiting to purchase this game.  There is no way I will ever preorder a firaxis game again.This game is not worth $60."
76561198003566968,Not Recommended,268500,21039644,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,LastSide,Buyers Beware!Optimization problems.
76561198093996023,Not Recommended,268500,21703359,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Snackfood,"I really want to like this game. I'm not going to ♥♥♥♥♥ about the difficulty which is really inconsistent in my opinion, but I will comment on it.I don't play a game like this with the idea of winning through failure. I like reloading and trying new strategies out. Sometimes reloading resets the RNG, sometimes it stays exactly the way it is whether your moves are the same or not. This gets frustrating in some situations like: moving your troops to better hit the enemy, moving your troops to avoid being hit, or running to try to complete the mission.So basically I find 95% of the time no matter what my moves are, if I miss 4 times in a row the first time I try, it will happen no matter my % of hitting or where my troops are. That doesn't feel good: I've reloaded a single spot 25+ times and every option comes with 2-4 misses and minimal damage, while every retaliation 1-shots one of my units. Besides personally irritating, it seems completely scripted to me.Otherwise the building transparancy gets frustrating a lot. I don't think it ""ghosts"" through buildings half the time I need it to, only to not figure out how to get it to work. Overall the game has a great concept but the overall player experience is sooooooo irritating my desire to play wears thinner every time I play it."
76561198031256739,Recommended,268500,34979993,Posted: 15 September,all,Kunavi,"Mod it. Play it. It's awesome. In case you can't tell I'm obviously biased, so just pay no attention to me. I just felt I should share my love for this title. One thing though, it's not all that if you don't mod it; Though it pains me to admit that. I've finished it before but I'm planning another campaign with some friends on Legendary + Long War 2."
76561198107093846,Recommended,268500,35178412,Posted: 24 September,all,Pixel,"For those interested, there is a tl;dr at the end of the review.I just finished a playthrough of WotC, and decided I’d write up a quick review to share my thoughts. Overall, the expansion is a great edition to the base game. The Chosen, who are the new boss-type enemies added, are a fantastic edition to the game. Each Chosen is different, requiring players to vary up their strategy against each enemy. As well as this, the ability for them to capture and interrogate soldiers is a solid edition.As well as this, the expansion added in three new resistance factions, with a new hero/class type to go along with each faction. Each of the new soldier types are fantastic, with each offering a unique way of playing. Interestingly, it is quite difficult to obtain multiple of a hero unit, for example more than one Templar soldier, which I feel is good decision by the developers. If players were permitted to have a full six-man squad of the new units, I could imagine the balance would go out of wack.Other cool additions include the bonding system, which allows two soldiers to form a bond, giving them access to special abilities that include an ability to both fire at a target within the same action, or given a bond-mate a free action point. The covert action system is also pretty neat, allowing the player to send soldiers out on missions, with a wide variety of potential rewards. During these actions, there is a potential for a soldier to be injured or captured, which forces the player to weigh the potential risks and rewards of a cover action. Lastly, the new enemy type, the lost, as well as missions associated to them are a good change of pace to the standard mission types.Another feature added that I loved was the propaganda feature, which allows players to create unique posters of their soldiers, which can later show up in missions. Whilst the options can be somewhat limited in certain areas, overall, the mechanic is amazing.Lastly, the new maps and areas added in are neat. In the base game, a lot of the locations could feel repetitive after a while. Whilst the maps were random, the environment was very similar. The new areas added in, like subways and sewer tunnels, add a spice of variety, which always helps.The only negative thing I want to share is regarding the story with the templars. Without going into spoilers, it feels clear to me that a decent amount of effort was put into the story between the Skirmishers and the Reapers. But the Templars feel kind of just slid in.Overall though, I enjoyed the expansion. The amount of content added in is staggering, with the vast majority of that content being a joy to play.TL;DR - The expansion is a fantastic addition to the base game, and well worth the price."
76561198008370540,Not Recommended,268500,22036361,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Struan,"Good tactical game..is not a strategy game.At that it is more of a luck based game than a tactical one.It is a good sequel and has the xcom tactical spirit.Frustrating things:- Enemies shooting through walls- vipers tongue grabbing or poison spitting through walls/ceilings- timed missions where the only win solution is to run and sacrafice soldiers..if you stop to engage enemies you will time out-Success is more luck than tacticsHere is the short story...it is a good game but luck is way more important than skill.  You will be punished even when you use good tactics.  The first few times it happens it is annoying, the 50th time a Viper tongue grabs your soldier from inside a train or a house..not only from all the way across the screen but though a wall, it gets..well...not fun.  Might not sound like a big deal but very often a singular event like that will result in the whole squad dying...which is great if you screwed up tactically.  It sucks when it is crappy game mechanics.I've given it a good go.  Not sure I can play to much more as is.  I like being rewarded when i play smart and getting smacked down when i screw up..too many times it works the opposite."
,Recommended,268500,22931580,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Gim,"Finally fully finished a run of this game so I am now able to give a complete rundown of the game.This game takes the normal formula of an XCOM game and twists it to fit the guerilla warfare style of the story. While this is refreshing and forces to player to play far more offensively and aggressively there are some issues in doing so that I feel were not ironed out before launch as was left up to the modding community to fix.Story:The story opens with the Commander being rescued by his old advisor and reveals that Enemy Unknown/Within never happened at all and that it was a series of simulations done by the aliens immediately following the instant surrender of Earth after they captured the Commander. The story continues to unfold with the game and the decisions of the player but every so often key parts of the story open up and show that the aliens are actually doing bad things to humanity rather than actually helping them and culminates on a final assualt.A lot of people had a problem with how the first game was relegated to simulations but I find that outcome not only logical but hilarious considering that only 10% of people even beat Enemy Unknown at all with how easy that game is. My problem is that the stance of the aliens is barely explored at all throughout the game and only does get explored on the final mission.Gameplay:The gameplay is still the same at its core as it was in Enemy Unknown but with added features and elements. The main feature added is the Concealment mode. This allows your team to move around without enemies heatseeking them until you open fire or enter their field of view, which in turn allows you to set up an ambush.Along with concealment, some new features were added along with some new goodies, too. A lot of classes have been reworked from EU and gun attachments that augment how a specific soldier operates and new explosives and armor have been added as well. The main problem with the gameplay is how Concealment works logically with some of the timer missions. Why would they rig their own supplies to explode when they don't even know that XCOM is in the area?Graphics and Performance:This is where the game really falls apart. While the game as a whole looks pretty good, it performs like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ With a 970 memecard, I was getting huge frame issues on max settings even after the patch. Turning off ambient occlusion and reducing AA to FXAA helped a lot but there were still issues that caused it to dip into the 40s after turning off some partical effects as well.Audio and Music:The music is still roughly the same as it was in EU but sounds a lot more triumphant upon a victory than before, mainly due to being a tiny rebel force fighting a huge alien force that has the planet in its grasp. The audio is about as standard as it gets but voiceovers can NOT be skipped and during retaliation missions, Bradford never shuts up and continues to repeat the same unskippable dialogue over and over each turn.Other:There isn't much else to talk about aside from the modding community. While Firaxis left a lot of issues in the vanilla game, they made modding tools very open and acceisble to the community and they have done wonders for this game. From adding small aesthetic mods to full blown mods changing how Concealment and timers work, the modders have done good work and have effectively fixed all the issues of the game. This does not excuse Firaxis for releasing the game in the state it was, but it allows players to easily change the game to either their liking or just enough to fix some issues they have with some game mechanics. Keep it up, mod community. You guys do good work.Epilogue/tl;dr:Even with all the graphical and gameplay issues, the game is still solid and adds a great deal more content to play with and against and any issue a player might have with the game can be fixed with the click of a button in the workshop.WARNING: Adding a mod to a campaign and then removing it and attempting to continue playing will result in an error and bypassing that error may result the campaign corrupting or becoming unplayable.I give this game a solid 8/10 and recommend it to anyone who is a fan of XCOM, new or old, or strategy games in the vein of XCOM in general and would recommend those that aren't to at least give it a good shot."
76561198282627860,Not Recommended,268500,21834430,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,eatcha,"Dont buy this through Steam. Forced updates will mean if Xcom does work well for you steam will terminate its ability to run on your machine (forced no way to stop the update etc). If the game does not perform well you can try and update. First game ever through Steam, but its constant ability to go online (I know - very simply - 'offline mode' does not work the game will go online).Its not even big brother I am bothered about, but its like having a friend kick you off your own machine and run off with all your games. Worst decision you'll make, get he box and DVD atleast you have something to return.Game was great, but you can only document what it looks like at the moment and Steam is crashing the game constantly now. 6 hours of trying to fix my poor old game. Better luck next time XCOM maybe you wont have updates or wont use steam,"
76561198020607964,Not Recommended,268500,21015838,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Koko Hekmatyar,"This game runs very poorly on recommended/above recommended hardware, that alone leads me to in turn, not be able to recommend this title. (this will likely be fixed soon)Also the turn timer is limiting, and gets very tiresome after about the third mission. It's not fun when the game forces you to make decisions which are sub optimal. Especially when those decisions lead you to get burned from placing your hope in one diceroll, which was a perfect example of a misplay in EU/EW.The thing is I loved XCOM Enemy Unknown, I got enough enjoyment out of it to play for 200 hours. I don't consider myself very good at it, but I still tried and failed a few times until I became experienced enough with the game to complete Classic/Ironman. Obviously something kept me going to try again when I failed and I still had a good time even when I was playing poorly. This is not the case here.Between the performance issues and the game telling me I can't have any enjoyment on a level for more than 8-12 turns, this game is more of an exercise in frustration than it is fun. This game tells you exactly how it wants you to play it, and that can't deviated from whatsoever. Why not just put me in a level with minimal restrictions and let me discover for myself what works and what doesn't?If I could get a refund for this, I would.I can't recommend a title which is so tedious and frustrating to play as this happens to be.Honestly, it's a shame."
76561197970807078,Not Recommended,268500,21203954,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ccuancc,"Don't get me wrong, it is a great game..... with a big flaw. My Xcom2 experience was fantastic for the first few hours. But when you get used to it, its just too repetitive. With little to no storyline, and infinite cycle of dark events, retaliation missions and facility raid .... an you might not realize that once you build shadow chamber, you are approaching the end game already! Oh and only few weapons variety - standard, advance (magnetic) and alien. Armors also lack of variety.... and same goes for every other utility items. I prefer XCOM EW over this one. maybe I expected too much, maybe...."
,Not Recommended,268500,21016530,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,› Pylat {I Have Candy},"If I could refund this game I would. Unfortunately I fell for the hype and preordered this half baked turd.Wait until people have modded the hell out of this to make it actually good.Class trees have been dumbed down to either pick every ability on the left, or every ability on the right. No more mixing and matching to create different synergies.Missions have been dumbed down with their stupid timers forcing one type of playstyle and removing any option to use tactics other than run and gun.The new mechanics of this game should encourage us to explore various ways to overcome and solve them and allows us to develop multiple playstyles. Instead we are railroaded into only one aggressive playstyle which means we have to rely on RNG to go our way too often.A huge step down compared to Enemy Within. The devs should be ashamed of themselves for releasing this garbage."
76561198047140197,Not Recommended,268500,24883567,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Mays,"I just write this review to say that even though there are a lot of great things about this game, the main thing that makes XCOM, namely cover mechanic is completely ♥♥♥♥ed up here. How did this make it's way into release?? Because yeay money!Untill AI starts to grasp the concept of walls, do not buy this, it will only bring you tons of frustration. Like having this great bouffe and a giant cow pie in the middle of it. This one thing breakes it for me."
76561198017874887,Not Recommended,268500,21222579,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Icaflerry,"It is strange that I cannot get into this game. Loved XCOM:Enemy Unknown and Enemy Within, but this just feels meh. Lots of graphical bugs, strange cover calculations and sometimes kinda BS RNG. I can see how some people would like this game despite it's flawes, but some game mechanics just does not work that well (props for trying something new tho).Costs to much for what you get out of it so wait for a lower price if you really want to check it out.Pros: Addicting, fun character creations, much better build paths.Cons: Glitches (both grapichal and gameplay wise), weird cover calculations, ALOT of timed gamemechanics (not my cup of tea).Game feels kinda rushed with optimizing."
76561198013643874,Not Recommended,268500,20979610,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,2kmmr,"So they put timers on timers on timers and that is not good design choce for a turn-based strategy game where you need to think first. In this game you don't need to think, you need to run to objective and pray for a god of random to be on your side to actually hit somebody after your objective is achived. I was playing on normal, and waiting for limited turn missions to stop, but every mission I get was with limited turns. So if you like to take your time and think what you are doing, don' buy this game until it is fixed somehow.But other than this, this game is pretty solid. A lot of customization, and other little things that make a good game.I didn't have any optimisation problems like others.  The music and graphics is good if you wanted it from turn-based strategy for unknown reason. So 7/10. Could be 9..."
76561198021918823,Not Recommended,268500,24902126,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Sadge,"I don't know whats worse, the fact that Valve dreamed up the idea of an exclusivity deal for their controller so you can't use any others, the fact that Firaxis agreed to it, or the fact that the morons and Valve and Firaxis who thought of this crap are still working there. I will never buy anything else from Firaxis until the fix this garbage. Especially with it coming out on consoles soon with regular controller support, but I won't pay twice to someone who would come up with such a crappy policy."
76561198030972909,Not Recommended,268500,22105641,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,krjura,I am rather disapointed in this game. The game has a lot of new content from the previous version that I like very much but the story line is very short. Also after playing this game for one time I really have not reason to play it again. I have already discovered everything in this one short play.I really expected the story will be far longer. In the end I finished the story line in about 20h including who knows how many lost hours because the game crashed every hour or so.This will be my last X-COM series game I buy.
76561198013524211,Not Recommended,268500,22190415,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,JaM,"Looks like I did not win the hardware lottery requirements for XCOM 2 with an SLI 680.Have read other people's experience regarding the poor performance and bugs and the like and finally tried to give this game a go - pre-purchased after all.Experience so far - decent intro sequence to introduce the player to the world. Then:Going through tutorial, and the triggers for the next action seem to take 2-3 minutes. E.g. game tells me to click at a certain spot, I do so, then wait 2-3 minutes before I can interact with the game again.Impressions - although they have improved the graphics, it just feels like too much information, messy if you compare it to XCOM Enemy Unknown. Probably just need to get used to it;  I suppose I will try and get this to work by tweaking settings etc, however this kinda sours the experience of enjoying a game if you have to do this. Definitely unrefined compared to the previous instalment.Update:Tutorial still buggy.Went straight into campaign:Dislike- layout of maps messy- jerkiness of movement of soliders, it appears that they are programmed to move square by square especially when turning corners, instead of just a smooth run from one point to another. Example - move one square, stop, move a bit more, then run to selected location.- one of my soliders used a movement point, completed turn the turn moving left, and some how ended up 2 movement points away to the right.Like- I do like how it clearly shows damage/miss- Action cam and slow motionUpdate:Again, issues with triggers - place the X4 mine, and then can't do anything for 1-2 minutes after which the map finishes.Update:For the issue with triggers, seems that all that was required was the good old reinstall."
,Not Recommended,268500,23527953,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,k0TZIE^ www.vivo.com.br,"Even being an experienced X-COM series player, I simply can't stop feeling angry by losing without doing anything wrong at all! No matter what you do or how expert is your strategy, you'll be right in the edge of loss without explanation. Not even the probability of hitting a shot seems to be fair.. I mean, you'll never miss so many 70%+ shots again. It's not ""cool, it's challenging. I'm excited how to defeat this level"" at all. It's just ""forget it, it's not funny lose without guilty"". I mean, X-COM has always been known by being a very hard game.. but you could definitely win if you didn't nothing wrong..The new ""Concealment"" stuff is pretty cool but to be honest it doesn't give any advantage at all, as there are almost always a ""time-limit"" or ""turns-limit"", so you'll not be able to use it in your favor the way you wanted. There are simply too many missions being poped-up that you can't even enjoy ""building"" your ship/researchs/weapons.And, as people mentioned, there are several performance's issues.This game isn't even close from the first X-COM award-winning. I'm deeply regretful for buying this game. Please, stick with the first one."
76561198027917936,Not Recommended,268500,21061629,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Phunkyzilla,"While the Game itself is everything I'd want in a sucessor to the xcom enemy unknown 1 (which I played on console). it's an ubalanced fleshheap of a game that is riddled with frustrations rather than anything one could amount to ""If I had posistioned better I would've been able to have gotten out of that gah I'll improve next time!"" its a more, ""Oh those aliens who somehow conquered the earth have no idea of self preservation and will bull rush you regardless of where you're standing they also do more have more health and take less damage than I do"" it's the same fault I find in the game dark soulsThe difficulty is all artificial and isn't something that could be considered a strategy to overcome gameYou have enemies that can teleport behind you across an entire map instantly flanking you and then they still get a shot seeing as the spell ""teleport"" is actually used as their move. they will never NOT flank you instantly and neither will the soldiers. the aliens in xcom enemy unknown were at least cautious in how they made their plays but these ones will even walk out of cover into one where they're flanked just to get a closer and higher percentage shot so you can't be cautious at all you just have to attack the hardest and by then all your units should be injured and sitting out for half a monthThe patrol paths are not set and they are not patrolling. They walk towards you constantly unless you're moving towards them. I tried a sneaky approach on one of the missions where instead of a frontal assault on a base I tried to flank around the rear closer to my objective and sneak in with a quick recall out. instead when I reached where I was at I realized that all the gaurds that I had passed were actually just walking at their ""patrol"" pace towards me on the map. who cares if I had waited turns for them to reverse their directions so I could sneak past? it was a forced combat situation in which 14 units (8 of which who were snakes that all instantly bound every soldier I had) were dumped into my lap completely unfairlyThe rate at which missions happen and the end game timer runs up are way too simultaneous and uncontrollable. instead of you running any form of what could be considered game it's more of a see how fast your rat army can scramble as you constantly get kicked in the ribs and bombarded. the timers in missions go incredibly fast and seeing how you'll always be facing around 6 units at a time unless you make incredibly risky situations you will just BARELY ever be succeeding in them more often than not you'll have to save scum your entires missions or risk losing the game because your units have paper mache' for flesh and glass for bones (which is suprising seeing as they'll jump down two story drops of their own will rather than use the nearby ladders)In the end this game is just you getting kicked in the teeth for however long it takes you to finish it. 3/5 could be way better if there was a lot more balances to it"
,Not Recommended,268500,30600106,Posted: 18 March,all,EpicRob,"I really wanted to love this game. I had heard of Xcom in the past: but never played till this games predecessor(one of the best games I have ever played and hands down better than this game). It was actually going to be the first game I ever did a ""let's play"" for. That came to a really quick end when I was smashed in the face with horrible loads, graphics issues, bugs on top of bugs, ect... It was so bad that I couldn't bring myself to upload the footage. Before anyone asks I was running a GTX 960 and an FX-6300 processor(well above the max requirements for the game). Here we are over a year later and nothing has changed. Save your time and money by skipping this one."
,Recommended,268500,21072800,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Henzington,Overall many improvements from X-Com Enemy Unknown but the game needs some serious optimization.
76561198062930115,Recommended,268500,21122952,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"I am so pleased to give them thumbs up to this game. I was so stoked to get my hands on this new reiteration of the XCOM franchise, and after finishing the campaign, I am very happy to repport that 2K & Firaxis took it to a whole new level. They improved almost every aspect of the game, cutting off the unnecessary ones and gave us even more control over everything. That is how a sequel should be done! I remember my initial dissatisfaction at the delay in the launch date, but my, now I am so happy that they did, cause all the extra game polish worked wonders!XCOM2 is all about survival of the human race. The canon story behind XCOM Enemy Unknown/Within is that we lost horribly and the aliens decided to take the role of ""benevolent"" rulers who are constantly improving and ""helping"" humanity. Pockets of resistance across the world still remain and one of them is led by none other than ""Central"" - our trusty right hand, office Bradford from XCOM1. He goes on a hunt to discover YOU - yes, you, Commander are in the game! And so it begins...In true fashion for my reviews, I will take a look at the good and the bad.The Good:1. Extremely immersive gameplay. To me, this point outweighs every single other. You will get immersed in the story, you will care heaps about the world you are living in, you will care about your soldiers as if they are your children, you will feel happy when all of them make it back and sad if someone gets injured or doesn't live through a mission. You will remember and tell their stories, and I can assure you, there will be tons of stories to tell.2. Amazing story, with great buildup, that only gets better till the final showdown. You will have full CLOSURE in XCOM2, and you will have a lot of fun finding out what happens to you, Bradford, the Council Leader, the old team, new team, everyone! Hell they even tell you why a Sectopod is called like that!!!3. A soundtrack elevated to the next level. Every single song will get you very pumped up and ready to go kick some alien♥♥♥♥♥♥ Turn up the volume, cause you are in for a treat!4. Customization brought to a whole new level - every single thing is customizable now. You can totally expect to spend an inordinate amount of time just making soldier(s) look the way you want. You can fully customize:4.1. Your soldiers - name, sex, race, nationality, voice, posture, armor types, accessories, colors, etc. You can literally do everything.4.2. Their weapons - as in XCOM1, you have 3 tiers of shotguns, heavy guns, sniper rifles, pistols, and assault rifles that can be named, colored, improved with loot you find on the field, which leads to a ton of new combinations that fit your taste or vision of how the soldier should play out.4.3. Their armor - once again, you have 3 tiers of armor, which is extremely slick and aesthetically pleasing. In XCOM2 you get to kick♥♥♥♥♥♥and look good doing it. What's more to ask? To make things even better, armor types of the same tier don't get obsolete - and you can even make experimental armors to boot!5. The new Avenger, the better take on the world map, and the improved research and engineering – you are no longer forced into using the same best strategy over and over again. The Avenger is your base, and even though it is very much like the old one with levels and stuff to clear before building, it is mobile, which lets you get creative. The world map is your playground where you and the aliens both have your goals – they must complete the avatar project, you must prevent them from doing so by making contacts with other resistance cells, hitting them where it hurts, choosing in what way to hinder them, and so on. The research and engineering have seen marked improvement, and you are even allowed to do meta projects that are not mandatory, but can give you better gear, ammunition, powerful psi abilities, bestow skills from other classes to a certain soldier, and so on and so forth. This gives you a plethora of ways to approach the game!6. The graphics – XCOM2 is undoubtedly gorgeous. Streets, signs, the skyline, everything looks amazing.7. The Combat – the combat remains very much the same as it was in XCOM1, but there have been a lot of small tweaks to make it more fluid. A lot of actions that used to end your soldier’s turn in XCOM1 are now just half the cost – most notably the reload, which now means you can reload and then shoot! Add to that the whole new concealment mechanic where it is actually YOU stalking the aliens!8. The enemy variety – there are even more enemies in the game, ready to surprise you and make your life a living hell. Every enemy in this game comes with own set of skills and own danger level, and you will have a lot of “fun” discovering who can do what. And when you think you know everything, the enemy will suddenly use some secondary skill you never know he had… like that time a Muton charged my soldier and melee attacked her. And I was expecting shots or grenades…9. The soldier class variations – you may be disappointed to learn that you only have 4 main soldier classes (plus a secret one that I am not going to spoil for you), unlike the crazy amount that the Long War mod introduced, but don’t hate on the game just yet. Each class can be customized with skills (some that even belong to other classes!), psi abilities, weapons and weapon mods to such extent, that you can barely recognize your starting guy.10. The mission timers – so many people hate them, and it is understandable, but as an XCOM veteran, I welcome them. They give a sense of urgency and prevent cheap half move/overwatch tactics. And if you still think this is a bad thing, read No. 11!11. Modding – as Jake Solomon himself said, once you buy the game, it is yours to do whatever you please with it. Less than a week after release, there are already a good number of mods for you to choose whether to use or not, including ones that extend or flat out remove the mission timers people hate so much.12. The line of sight indicator – now you always know whether you are going to be able to shoot an enemy if you move to a certain position. While the camera could be a bit finicky to position in order to see whether the cross appears or not, whaddya know – there is a camera mod that helps with this!The Bad:1. Bugs, bugs, bugs – XCOM1 was no stranger to bugs on release as well, but so far I haven’t had gamebreaking ones, and 95% of them can be solved with a simple save and reload. Unless you are playing Ironman, you have at least 3 mission autosave points to return to.2. Only 3 tiers of weapons and armor – while I don’t terribly mind, the Long War team was employed to help 2K/Firaxis, and they did create number of additional weapon and armor tiers for XCOM Long War… I guess it just wasn’t a priority here. I am quite sure there will be mods to remedy this, though.3. The learning curve – XCOM2 is a whole new XCOM, with many new things for you to discover and learn. It can be quite daunting of a task for a new player and even for veterans with hundreds of hours of XCOM1 under their belts. The game will also force you to break a good number of old habits, which can be quite disconcerting for some.4. Framerate is all over the place – many other people have found this to be an inconvenience and it is fair to point it out.5. Hefty hardware requirements – for a turn based strategy game, the recommended specs for the game are actually quite hefty.Conclusion: XCOM2 is a marked improvement over XCOM1 in every feasible aspect. They learned from XCOM1, cut all the fat and put even more meat where it was sorely needed. 2K & Firaxis took a game that is already awesome and brought it to a new level of brilliance. This game is worth every cent of its purchase price, and then some. Once all the bugs and oversights are dealt with, you will be in for the best combination of turn-based/management/tactical experience to date."
76561198111537375,Not Recommended,268500,30936378,Posted: 3 April,all,whitemagus2000,"As a veteran of previous XCOM titles, including XCOM, Terror from the deep, Enemy Unknown, and Enemy Within, I thought I'd love this game.  While it's not so hard it's unplayable, it is so hard its a chore, rather than fun.  The game maker's fetish with time limits makes the game much less enjoyable. 90% of missions have a time limit (and not a big one) and the entire game has a limited number of days until game over.Gabriel Garcia said it perfectly; That avatar project clock is a ♥♥♥♥ing pain.. i wanna upgrade my soilders and have better equipment before going into the harder story missions.. but what i fail to realize is that i dont have time to upgrade my soilders and build my base all nice and neatly.. i have to jump right into those missions as much as i can as fast as i can.. also i dont have enough radio transmitters in order to unlock more locations on the map so i can access the avatar project facility missions.. which means i have to build more.. which means i  have to clear debris.. by the time i finally build the radio transmitter beacon thingy.. two more advent facility buildings missions show up.. in even harder to reach places.. meanwhile im trying to keep up with ""whats my scanning priority right now"", and all the ♥♥♥♥ing dark emergency ""go ♥♥♥♥ yourself"" missions that appear every 4-8 days.. sigh.. what i do like is that it accurately shows whats its like to fight a losing battle against aliens that control the planet..﻿Also the ""Avenger Bug"" ruined my first and second playthroughs, so skip the tutorial.  And the game likes to crash once every mission or two, so save often.  A sad step backwards from the glorious XCOM Enemy Unknown."
76561198032763579,Not Recommended,268500,21744515,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Narrelama,"EDIT: as 2017 commences, I thought I'd make a swift dash through this game again, as many mods have seen much work since I had enough, and some new may have come on the stage. ANYWAY; the game is now unplayable, not only for me, but for a growing number of ppl, due to CTD either in main menu, upon trying to launch combat missions, or in a specific scene of a mission. ""pure virtual function called (GlsRunning = = 1)""RE-EDIT: February 2017 and XCOM 2 inexplicably works again. Strange.First off, if you enjoyed XCOM1, you will enjoy XCOM2. But wait, performance fixes are needed, and modders are doing a good job patching up what Firaxis has delivered, it is becoming a game. When it came out, it was mostly a storyline, non-canonical at that. Again.What do I like? The battles work much better, now you can actually sneak about - set up ambushes, and spy on patrols and try to predict where is the best angle of attack. Mostly the same game as XCOM1, but with has an abundance of cutscenes and animations, which is a bit of a problem for some in regards to performance. I manage.Snake people are back, instead of the thin man concept, they are actually snake people.Science is still stupid. Always was. If the soldiers given an alien a nickname in the field, that's basically the name that sticks, and you get the animation with the analysis when you initiate the research, not when its done. Well you get it then too - more text, no new content. Lots of loading, nada content. But it was always like that, now its just - IN YOUR FACE. Engineering works much better. There are no MEC's this time around, though. Instead they have more armor, and a hectic game pace.This game is actually a bit of a challenge.BUT: There are no factions, like in XCOM1, you just have money handed over to you from more or less irrellevant sponsors. Why of why have Firaxis abandoned the concept of factions - which were brilliant in Apocalypse, when you could pillage, raid and wage war as much against human organizations, as against aliens, and they would gravitate towards XCOM or the alien ""masters"" (otherwise that game was extremely silly with teddy-bear graphics...)This game, with its terrorist angle would not be any less of an enjoyment if you could try to make alliances with other resistance groups, could try to convince corporations to lend you aid covertly, or attack these treasonous groups outright for supplies and corvè labour. It is a blunder and missed opportunity that tells me that Firaxis is more interested in mass production than quality.Then we have damage. You can actually kill everything here. You kan kill every civillian and level all buildings without any consequences whatsoever. Of course there is 1 type of mission where you HAVE TO RESCUE 6 people. Because they are yours. But even here you can safely blow up the rest. This is stupid. In the ""olden days"" collateral damage, even damage to infrastructure would harm your budget and support. Now maybe, as a terrorist, bombing buildings would not have a totally negative consequence but playing ISIS is completely possible here, and doesnt affect the game at all. And is stupid.Now, I have to mention that physics is back where it used to be before Firaxis took up the thread. Now objects will not be hanging in empty space if the supporting structure is removed. Killing aliens by blowing up walls and floors, making them fall many stories, or having the roof cave in on them is actually a workable strategy, and this is a huge and welcome improvement. I could not believe why this was not the case in XCOM1.Now I must also mention the stupid mistakes they have made upon launch. Like smoke grenades actually not providing any game effects at all. Oh you might think you got some defense bonus, but that's just a puff of color you have there. Fortunately, the modders have fixed it, but you HAVE TO get one of those two mods.Like the sound options; you can tone everything down, but there are some ambient and triggered sounds that DONT RESPOND to your commands in the options. Like the intro music that will still blast you upon launch until the menu appears, like the sound that comes when aliens are revealed, this will always be loud, radios and other sources in game will jabber on. So if you play on a headseat, or late at night trying not to wake others from sleep, be aware of this so you dont go deaf or something.Also, still there are no bases to be built. Now you fly around in a captured (?) UFO, which is fine for a resistance I guess, but it must get cramped and you loose any possibility of specializing your capacities. So there OUGHT TO be a feature where you build small bases, which would act as your recruitment/training facilities, the listening posts, R&D stations, etc. But there are No such Things. You fly around the world and set up radio towers. Like the analogous radio network would be beyond the capacity of aliens to infiltrate. There are no base attacks either, so this time around Firaxis saved themselves ALOT of work. There are no alien landscapes at all in this game. Very few aliens as well in fact (they are all projections or genetic reworkings, the aliens are gone).The storyline hints at a dynamic approach with the option to turn against the resistance. This is only in words, there are no such options in the game. It is a uniliear storyline, with very little strategy, and these make up my primary problems; No strategy, no factions nor economics without any diplomacy and very little responsibility.Tactics work fine, great and much better than last time.If I can manage to learn, I will make the factions and the ways to deal with them myself. Cause of course without modbuddy this game would be DOA."
,Not Recommended,268500,20993477,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Baka,"Problem signature:Problem Event Name:	APPCRASHApplication Name:	XCom2.exeApplication Version:	1.0.0.30310Application Timestamp:	56a90eb5Fault Module Name:	XCom2.exeFault Module Version:	1.0.0.30310Fault Module Timestamp:	56a90eb5Exception Code:	c0000005Exception Offset:	00000000005fa371OS Version:	6.1.7601.2.1.0.256.1Locale ID:	1033Additional Information 1:	fd4aAdditional Information 2:	fd4a3115a3c8af9e6dd9dfe0f74366aaAdditional Information 3:	7f97Additional Information 4:	7f97ada375f3a4a3b1f22a3bec6783f8Read our privacy statement online:http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=104288&clcid=0x0409If the online privacy statement is not available, please read our privacy statement offline:C:\Windows\system32\en-US\erofflps.txtThere's a forum thread with over 450 customers who get appcrash after the launcher menu, myself included... My PC is well over the specs required, and I've spent the last 6 hours attemtping to find out and solve why my game crashes after every launch.  This is ignoring every other negative review complaining about performace issues. I CAN'T EVEN PLAY THE F**KING GAME. I COULD PLAY ENEMY UNKNOWN AND ENEMY WITHIN. WHY NOT THIS SEQUAL?! I definitely will not recommend buying this game, until in the late future, when all the currently persisting issues, that plague the game in its current state, have been ironed out."
,Not Recommended,268500,20983233,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,tiago.dagostini,Horribly bugged. Load times are atrocious. If you touch any key when game is loading it freezes.  The game does not shutdown ever (steam cannot detect its shutdown) preventingyou from turning off steam and your computer ( you  need to  hard boot your computer after laying this thing they dared to call a finished game.
,Not Recommended,268500,22190250,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,GummyDrops,Beat the first one on the hardest difficulty. I have zero fun playing this one. Noting makes sense and I waited for patches.
76561197976888445,Not Recommended,268500,20977838,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,i.Kami,"Im not metioning bugs or performance issues, those will be fixes in future and doesnt break game experience. Only gameplay.No tactics, i.e. flanking useless because mobs have much bigger HP pool / DR than your damage even with position superiority. Elevation... theres no elevation, To Hit chance for mobs the same even with full cover ( according to how fast dies your team )No weapon difference, i.e. rifle / MG / sniper rifle have same damage in matter of hit damage vs aim penalty. Only shotguns works somewhat close to common sense.Covers makes no sense because of mob's aim.Few examples which you will encounter in this game:1. Sniper on 3rd floor with full cover vs flanked low level mob ( simple gunner ) = sniper dead :D2. 2nd VIP mission already with Robots with 2DR3. 2nd campaign mission full of Mutons with 2DR4. Global time pressing almost from beggining of the game5. 2/3 missions with turns limit, i.e. time pressing againWorst decisions on design, gj Firaxis with killing XCOM for me.Team of autists with broken hands trying to save the earth."
,Not Recommended,268500,32796069,Posted: 25 June,all,Fangsteel,"While I would play again XCOM: Enemy Unknown again anytime, this sequel surely makes up for a poor experience in comparison. It feels like the developers had a lot of nice ideas to complement the first game's mechanics, but had no time or no interest in actually fleshing them all out.What we're left is with a game that's unimpressive from the technical standpoint (rather poor graphics for how much of a resource hog it is and a lot of animation bugs and weird camera angles) and not really deep from a tactical perspective (most of the missions will rush you trough a timer and be heavily dependant on luck aka RNG). Save scumming (the act of reloading a savegame a thousand times to try and find the best outcome in a given situation) is almost a requirement in the higher difficulties, while every single time you get punished (and you do get punished a lot) you will feel that it was due to a random event (like a patrol happen to stride by while you pass your squad's turn) or a scripted storyline event that floods the map with a lot of missions on a timer, not only blowing up your plans while making you choose what you can live without.Pretty much the only good thing is the storytelling/ambience, which is a really sad destiny for a series with such notoriety as XCOM. For die hard fan of the series or people extremely resilent to tactical frustration there may be some fun under there, but don't expect anything as close to the polish of the first one."
,Not Recommended,268500,21955799,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Bricktop,"It's not as fun as the first, it's very buggy, and you can't even enjoy it from the couch thanks to the game only supporting the Steam Controller. It'll probably be a fun, functional game just in time for it to go on sale."
76561198018770333,Not Recommended,268500,21765609,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,CYK[A]MANCER,"The option to be tactical and strategic is no longer an option in this game. 80% of the game is on a timer - blah blah you have mod for it blah blah. Why do you people feel that it is acceptable to pay full price for a game that has to rely on the community to fix it, is beyond me. Mod is supposed to enhance the game , like Long War did, not ♥♥♥♥ing fix the game. 80% of the game is : Deploy- run to objective- get objective - extract.Content wise, feel less than EW in-term of armors, and I dont know why the company feels the need to release cosmetic DLC for a fully moddable game, so a no-go for the season pass right there.Overall, fun, but not $60+ kinda fun. Wait til discount and til the game get fixed, then it is worth it. Right now, not recommendEdit : 21st of March, encountered the first bug, and I believe this bug is gamebreaking for those who want to play Ironman. Minor spoiler ahead !Final mission requires you to destroy all the Avatars in Advent base. However, I was lucky enough to get the Repeater to proc, and the first avatar was killed instantly. This will prevent the remaining Avatars from spawning. So if you encounter this bug on Ironman, time for a new run I guess. ♥♥♥♥ this game !!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,268500,21169420,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Drahz,"Mind control......mind control...........mind control....................wait......mind control. way overpowered, way over spammed."
76561198060160609,Recommended,268500,21245220,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ArcticSalad,"Absolutely outstanding, this is the sequel XCOM fans deserved. I can not find anything but improvements and awesome additions to the previous XCOM game. The amazing visuals, sound, gameplay, AI, story and customization combined with STEAM WORKSHOP SUPPORT? - Take my money! It's only downfalls are the unfortunate pile of bugs and glitches you will encounter along your journey, and the timer-based-almost-everything - But wait! Workshop support! Problem solved.Overall 9/10"
,Not Recommended,268500,21013313,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,HAL 9000,"I loved the game from the start. Even though in any graphical configuration but for minimal the game was full of lag - a problem I hadn´t have with any game in my current pc before, I didn´t mind as the gameplay was fantastic. The innovations and changes refreshed the serie and everything feels different from the previous XCOM even though a lot of concepts are unchanged. In some reviews people complained about the turns limits, but in all the missions that I played that had those, I didn´t need to rush too much and managed to complete the objectives just in time with few turns remaining in a way that it seemed that the number of turns was well balanced - neither making the mission too rushed nor letting you move slowly abusing overwatchs. However, soon the crashes started. Firstly, I tried hard to make excuses such as that the problem was with my computer or that it was just something occasional so I could just let it pass and keep playing. But they persisted and striked everywhere: in the middle of a mission, in a loading screen, in the geoscape, etc. And they have the peculiarity of even if I reloaded a save happening again if I tried to do the same thing that resulted in the first crash, which worsened substantially the problem. In the end I couldn´t evade from the obvious and unfortunate conclusion that the game was UNPLAYABLE - at least in my PC, but I didn´t have such problems with any other game before. Certainly this will be fixed in the first patches for the game but it is rather frustrating to have bought this game in presale and to have waited so anxiously for its launch to receive a product unplayable and to have to wait more for the patches to be able to properly play it. Anyway, it may be that the problems I am having do not extend to all players, but if you are thinking on buying XCOM 2, the safest route would be to wait for the game to be fixed. A part from those problems, the game is great and I will totally recommend it once it hopefully becomes completelly functional and playable."
,Recommended,268500,32914121,Posted: 27 June,all,Anal Crust,"Xcom 2 is a pretty fun sequel to a much better Xcom Enemy Within. Starting off, the graphics are improved greatly and the enemy models are interesting and unique from the first. That being said, the soldier customization feels lacking of more actual armor. Most of the choices seem nothing short of a tank top or vest.The gameplay is where I waver. I have a sniper that has killed two aliens, those aliens being the only two shots she has ever landed. The RNG is bipolar as all hell and sometimes it feels like the percentages dont mean a thing. That being said, it still offers the same grid based control that hooked me on Xcom and it manages to do that mostly well, besides some lousy elevation selections when you want to move some one. (Too many times I have had soldiers run to the base of a staircase and end their turns rather than go up it like I tried to originally do before the cursor glitched away suddenly)All in all, I would say it is worth it for the sales price, and hopefully some patches roll out to solve the angry AI controlling the RNG. If that happens, then I'd even say full price is worth it."
,Not Recommended,268500,21284321,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,wirelessdarkness,This review has a 95% chance of being positive.
76561198156343766,Not Recommended,268500,21078051,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,guillejye,"Just a waste of my money.I really hope that they fix this piece of grabage to be playable at least.i would like to launch the freaking game, that is how ♥♥♥♥ing awfully this game has been developed."
76561198189933527,Recommended,268500,33051214,Posted: 30 June,all,Crushed Ice,This is a great game to play if you get bored and don't want to play online with toxic players or your wifi isn't great!
76561198074068881,Not Recommended,268500,25435383,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,322.ese,"CURRENT CRASH COUNT:30 AND INCREASINGI love this game and the first one, but Unknown does not even have this kind of crash problems. I understand game does not like people S/L most of the time, but crash every beginning of mission/loading screen/on avenger is unacceptable.Its been out for ages and the crash still can not be fixed. I am pretty sure im not only whiner here.."
,Recommended,268500,35500918,Posted: 5 October,all,Grizzy,"XCOM 2 is a turn-based tactical strategy game where every decision has lasting consequences -- good or bad.Introduction:Firstly, you are the ""commander"" of XCOM, a once globally funded military organisation tasked with one job: to keep aliens from invading Earth. But after almost 20 years having passed XCOM have failed, and alien overlords, referred to as ""Advent"", occupy planet Earth.As a result of this, XCOM was forced to go off the radar to avoid certain doom, and now operates as a resistance force, attempting to maliciously sabotage alien activity, blacksites and research labs whilst striving to spread ""dissident propaganda"" to help humanity open their eyes to the atrocities of Advent, all from their new mobile base, ""The Avenger"".Gameplay:XCOM is highly luck based. Things will go wrong. Sometimes you will fail miserably; sometimes you won't. The first step to playing XCOM is accepting that things will not always go your way, you will miss 99% chances to hit, you will be outmatched, and you will lose many soldiers along the way, especially on higher difficulties and in the early game.As you progress, however, you will research better weaponry, armour, abilities for soldiers to use weapon attachments, etc. This combined with making use of the new concealment mode will give opportunities for powerful ambushes.Customisation:The customisation options are decent with a good amount of items to wear and customise but lacks real depth, being able to choose from very few faces and haircuts.The modding scene more than makes up for this though, with a rather extensive wardrobe and customisation options available to download, along with some more appealing gameplay overhauls to compliment it.Robustness:Not much to add here other than that I've personally never had any issues with how the game runs or experienced a single crash in all my hours of gameplay.Art:The art and aesthetics of XCOM 2 are absolutely beautiful. It perfectly captures and envisions how Earth might look after 20 years of alien colonisation. Everything from the modern, vibrant and clean look of the Advent city centres to the abandoned towns, which feel like they were once bustling cities that people actually lived in, now lie in complete ruins. This combined with the superb map generation, beautiful animations and character astetics make it an absolutely georgous game.Conclusion:XCOM 2 is not only a fantastic game, but a fantastic sequel. It improves on almost every aspect from its predecessor and is an absolute must buy. Although it becomes particularly easy towards the end game, it is still incredibly satisfying to play and ultimately about out-thinking your enemy. If you do not own XCOM 2, I strongly recommend purchasing it, even at full price.9/10Superb."
76561197979997209,Not Recommended,268500,23193592,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Rewerts,"Game is buggy, very buggy to the point of unplayable  Hard pass till they release a finished product."
,Not Recommended,268500,23394329,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Calebc789c,"It's a good game with good gameplay, but I can't recommend it at the moment for anyone with even an above-average machine, as it's poorly optimised. I just about nearly lost it after the 5th time the game froze for more than 10 minutes."
76561198025095747,Not Recommended,268500,23510105,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,biggerjilm,"Xcom EU/EW is easily one of my favorite games of all time.  If you don't have that one, skip this and get that.  If you do, keep reading.Summary:As a lot of people here have said, this is one of those games that I really wish I could give a middle recommendation for.  The underlying mechanics are mostly solid, but as people have said, the graphic problems are surprisingly bad.Specific Areas:Performance:Dominions 3 is one of my favorite games...I do not generally care about graphics.  But if I could go back in time and not buy this game, I would because of how bad the graphics issues are.  I don't care enough to type up a bunch of specs, suffice to say that xcom runs worse that possibly any other game I own.  Frankly I wish they had just left them alone, because EU/EW ran at least.  While the game technically runs on the max settings, I can't see anything that is happening.  Even on the lowests settings, I'm probably getting about 20 fps and the game is extremely jumpy.  Its distracting to the point of being stressful.  The cutscenes are great, and I would be happy if the rest of the game looked half as good.  Be prepared to be constantly taken out of the moment.Difficulty:  I don't mind the timed missions, though they can be ""unfairly difficult"".  But xcom has always been this way. War is not fair, and xcom has never been a game of chess.  It is more about recovering from impossible situations...or even just failing spectacularly.  Xcom 2 just ebraced the dark side.That said, this creates a new issue that EU/EW didn't have.  Xcom2 isn't more unforgiving, because that implies that if you didn't make any mistakes you would be okay.  While I appreciate impossible situations...here they feel a little arbitrary.  This might be an odd comparison, but Dragon's Dogma handled this extremely well.  From the beginning, you could run into dragons that you had no chance of beating, but you could also just look at them and being like ""yeah no way is that happening"".  In xcom, there is giant pressure to do a million things at once, and any one of them may be just completely impossible given your tech level, current team, etc. You have very little insight into what you will run up against, which given how much ""recon"" is talked about, seems like a missed opportunity.  From what I have played so far, half the time I am collecting or securing some kind of recon, but at most it is always ""hey there is a mission here"".  Why isn't it ever actual recon, such as ""there are 3-8 vipers in the area"".  Instead I go on what seems like a story mission, and hey its a Viper King and he kills my entire team in two turns because he follows different rules than anything else and has a billion health.  Which would even be kind of okay because then the game is about how do I recover from losing an entire team, BUT NO hey one of those guys was critical to the story so I lose.  If you want to reload saves a lot that's fine I guess, but I'm only really interested in Ironman.Long story short, Xcom2 is often not great at giving you leeway to think on your toes.Everything else:Its xcom, there is just more and its different.  If you can get past the stuff above, you'll like it.  I'll probably try to finish it.  Someday.  But the performance sucks enough that I might wait til I have a better computer. 5 years from now.  Maybe they'll fix it somehow and I'll change the review and get to enjoy the game."
76561197965594880,Not Recommended,268500,21735719,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,zyklone,XCOM 2 is a fun game.It could easily have been game of the year.But the performance and the constant crashes make the experience not at all enjoyable.The lack of patches and feedback from the developer means this game can't be recommended.
,Not Recommended,268500,21268056,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,»Lulumise«,"Has 2 many bugs currently, I have come across a game breaking bug which has now rendered the game completely useless. I enjoyed the game and it is fun to play however now i cannot progress any further untill a patch arives fixing the issues."
76561198128066523,Recommended,268500,23504270,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Drakkar Munro,"Xcom 2 was an impresive sequal to enemy unknown. with over 250 hours on enemy unknown, i was Antisipating this game to come out. Since it was released I have restarted the game 48 times the vanilla game is a complete pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but you feel a sense of achievment once you beat it. But not only that , the game is easly modable so you can easly rebalance anything in the game to your liking, and achievments stay active. The Mod community for xcom 2 is amazing, i love the soilder detail and the custom voicepacks mod. As well as some of the beta gameplay mods comming out. There are a few mods that are in progress of being made and im excited for, one of which is the Longwar mod for xcom 2. The game itself has lots of replay , but mods make it forsure that your game will never be the same.PROS: Graphics are smooth and extreamly high quality( most of the time details later): Good balance between all dificulty's, the Difficultys do what they say.: Rng is high which means you will be investing into a new computer because of salt.: Ironman mode #master race, Those who want to play casual can disable it tho :P (scrubs): Lots of classes and well thought out abilities. Between mods adding custom classes and the base classes the game is diverse. Both sides of each tree have completly different play styles which means you can fantasy your dream team to follow your playstyle. (personaly i go with 1 psi 1 ranger 1 granadier 2 spec and 1 sharpshooter): Combat does feel much smoother compared to xcom 1, When your soilders miss they dont miss by a football field, all xcom vets remember those moments, 98 % chance to hit, pointblank range , Somehow fires just straight up.CONS* Biggest annoyance but adds to the difficulty are the timers in xcom 2 , Now i do reccemend you try beating the game first. but I used a mod which increases most timers by about 2-3 turns. This is not really  a con , Vanilla xcom 2 is a very fast strategy game.*Even though the game is smooth, it has a metric♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs , like today, i found out if you haywire a mech and hack it. If you put it in overwatch, and it go's back to the aliens team with the overwatch, It can move and stay in overwatch permanantly, Essentialy until you kill it every time you move your unit it gets a shot at them. (until it needs to reload.)*Another bug which is more halorous then anything, Is sometimes how the bullet enviro damage works. When your sniper is on the middle of a roof and he fires at an advent trooper on the ground, the bullet hits him, but takes out one side of the building hes standing on, Which happens to have my ranger sitting on the side in half cover, And my ranger falls to his death because High velocity tank shells are used in sniper rifles.*Explosives OP*theres a mod to fix this, But just how generaly stupid sectoids are. I have a mod which makes them Satans minions. But in vanilla they are some of the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobs.*  another mod to fix this, But how random the injury timers are. Even if you have a soilder on (impossible difficulty) 5 health and he takes one damage, He can be sent to the med bay for 34 days gravely wounded. And somehow someone who was bleeding out get revived and is sent to the med bay gravely wounded for 14 days.Thats really all i can say bad about xcom 2. I highly rate this game. It is a worthy predissesor to Xcom Enemy unknown.BTW MUSIC IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWSOME :D"
76561198040259135,Recommended,268500,23499882,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Premeditated Chaos,"A worthy successor to the XCOM franchise, featuring your usual incompetent rookies with crappy off-the-shelf gear, RNG that'll make you wish you weren't playing on Ironman mode, and a wide variety of aliens ready to perpetrate all of the usual♥♥♥♥♥♥moves upon your soldiers. Like its predecessors, this game is NOT a power fantasy and will constantly remind you of that.If you're looking for a challenging turn-based strategy game with a campaign polished to perfection and a plethora of replayability as you work your way up the difficulties (and take off the training wheels by turning on Ironman mode), look no further. Just the base game was worth every penny, though I can't speak for the DLC or mods.But before you buy, some cons worth noting: this game has a few performance issues and bugs, though most of them have been patched out over time. If you don't want to play with ""potato"" graphics, you'll need a good-quality computer.Also, there is a multiplayer, but it's very barebones with a ranked leaderboard and not much else, though there are still people playing and the netcode/balance is adequate."
76561198008405446,Recommended,268500,29307098,Posted: 16 January,all,Armoured Centurion,"XCOM 2 is one of the best turn based strategy games of all time, and makes an excellent sequel to XCOM Enemy: UnknownSet 20 years after the previous game we learn that the aliens have officially taken over earth, and now XCOM is fighting as a resistance movement using a mobile base known as ""The Avenger"", an advanced alien ship to launch their operations from.There are some new features to the game as well as improved features from the previous remake.- Because the Avenger is a mobile air base, the player can move around the globe. Each country will have a certain amount of regions in it, you have to spend intell which is a new currency to make contact with these new regions. Each region will give you a different bonus, (similar to Enemy Unknown) as well as extra income at the end of each month.- There are 4 new classes in the game. The ranger replaces the Assault class, and uses a shotgun for close range combat, they also carry a machette for melee combat.- The engineer can be used to hack objectives from a distance, or heal their own companions, or perform a battle scan which is very useful in the field.- The grenadier uses a light machinegun with a grenade launcher as a sidearm, while the snipers favour snipers (obviously) and a handgun.- Retalliation missions have replaced terror missions, they are much more challenging and tough to comnplete.- Occasionally a UFO will land that can be assaulted for supplies as a side mission.- There will be 3 different guerilla operations, that the player can only choose one of to complete. This depends on what the player needs the most at the time in terms of rewards for completing these missions, for example one mission will reward them with intel and can counter a certain dark event.- Dark events are 3 random events each month that work against the players favour.- The customisation for the soldiers is greatly improved, we can name our guns, as well as change their patterns. We can give our soldiers a background story, and change their attitudes overall.- The main aim is to prevent the Aliens Avatar project from being completed which can be slowed down overtime by destroying alien blacksite facilities or completing story mission objectives.- The story has been greatly improved as well, answering more questions and delivering us with more cinematic cutscenes.While I did not encounter many bugs with this title, its one of my top 3 games of 2016 and has a bunch of great mods, replay-ability and a decent amount of hours worth. Theres nothing like seeing your entire squad slaughter or get slaugtered by a bunch of aliens in the field, especially when you named them after your friends and family (or famous actors) cough cough 10/10"
76561198012923593,Not Recommended,268500,23502739,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Blech,"Damnit Firaxis! Why did you release this game in such a buggy state?Short version: The game is actually OK, but you risk running into gamebreaking bugs along the way. Without the bugs, the game would be about as good as the XCOM reboot (The prequel to this) with the bugs, you risk major frustrations.Buy the game if you want more of the same, and don't mind restarting your progress.In fairness,  I must have hit about every bug in the game. My first encounter was the second mission, that would not complete. Then around the middle, the game crashed when i tried to research Mag-Weapons. I reloaded several missions worth of saves back in time, but to no avail. That is when i restarted the game. Then, for the last mission, my game just hang on the crew selection screen after the cutscene for the mission played. I only got past that on the last update, and i started playing when the game came out.Mix into that annoying crashes, that resulted in in-game cutscenes being replayed again and again when i loaded the game back up, and you have yourself a full frustration-sandwich.I have lost a few lumps of hair to this game, which is actually a good game, but stupidly buggy.I would not buy it again if i had the choice."
76561198024569272,Not Recommended,268500,28258171,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Roper Klacks,"Although it sucked away 33h of my life, I can't really recommend this game if you want a good XCom game.Cons:-If you have a 60% chance to hit the shot you're going to miss it 100% of the time. Same with hacking and melee when you have 90% chance to succeed, you're probably going to fail 50% of the times.-Doesn't matter if you're in full cover or half cover, the enemies are still going to hit stupid shots on you from far away with their rifles. They also shoot you trough a wall and you can melee attack them through a wall as well.-Abysmal fps. During the opening sequence to a mission, you'll go down to 2fps even on a good computer. Cinematics are 30fps at best and gameplay is 60fps when it's feeling generous but 30fps most of the times.-Stupidly contrived story mode. It doesn't take skill or good tactis to advance the storyline. You just have to wait around until the build, research or excavation timers run out so you can do something until you have to wait again and then constantly be interrupted by stupid alerts and investigations.Allah forbid if you try to research or build something the storyline doesn't tell you to, then you're left sitting there with your♥♥♥♥♥♥in your hand while the avatar project advances more and more and you're flying around trying to collect supplies only to be stopped by a mission to go rescue John Mc♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from alien captivity. Speaking of missions, the mission timers are ridiculously short. It pretty much expects you to run straight ot the objective and then to the rescue zone but it forgets that you have to fight several enemies on the way who have a 80% chance to hit you from whenever and you only have about 30% chance to hit them even if they stand right in front of you.-Soldiers stay wounded for stupid amounts of time. If your best soldier falls and scrapes his knee, good luck seeing him in any of your next 5 missions. Not only do they stay out for a long time, they also lose will if they get injured too much and then they'll panic even if their teammates ♥♥♥♥ing sneeze next to them and then they run out of cover and get themselves killed.-Sectoids are stupid. They have way too much health and they can just mind control you from really far or just make you panic or confused. Mindshield protects from that but why would you waste supplies on that when you can only buy one thing  before going broke. And grenades are more useful anyway since you can't rely on your weapon's accuracy.Vipers are pretty dumb too since they can try to bind you and if they fail they just take another action and poison or just straight out shoot you but at least they have less health and are easier to killPros:-Good customization options. You can give your characters a lot of different armour and headgear and you can choose from a lot of different colours. Gives your squad a lot more personality and variety-Workshop support. The mods make the game a lot more enjoyable. Too bad if you install too many the already♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FPS goes even lower and it basically becomes unplayable.-Enemy variety. Lots of different, good looking and visually well designed enemies.-Good class system. Although not perfect, at least they added new stuff and the mods make the classes even better."
,Not Recommended,268500,20983133,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,PurpleFilth,"Don't play ironman legendary until it gets patched.  Half your 80%+ flanked shots will miss/concealment is a joke and the ""random"" patrols constantly stay 1 turn behind you. To top it all off the ability enemies will always sit on the objective giving no ground to actually make a first engament ambush on a vaiable target. Overall too much Xcom not enough tacticsfirst missionhttp://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/321248520393811520/4284E5F44E5B91E2B07288FEFB93EDE26D1E2FF4/I rest my case.Round 2 review: After much ""scorched earth playing"" with 2 to 3 grenadiers, 1 baller♥♥♥♥♥sniper (Ping MA! CHINA MAN FROM THE KUNG FU LAND) 1 ranger or specialist (depending on the mission) and just blowing the ♥♥♥♥ out of the map. I've found more fun little mechanics the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI likes to slither around with. Welcome to search and destory! oh you dont like that? ♥♥♥♥ you. Oh the AI has to kill an uplink for the mission? LOL nope. Keep assaulting the enemies positions because thats the only way to make the game difficult once your main ♥♥♥♥♥ gets the plasma lance and kill zone. If it was a joke it wouldn't be funny.Don't buy this game at 60$ its practically an expansion pack. The grenade mechanics are still a bit wonky too."
76561197996186863,Not Recommended,268500,21114577,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,nephilimnexus,"This game is why Fireaxis needs to start implementing emplyee drug testing.  It isn't just broken, it's bad.It's not the difficulty, it's not the graphics, it's not the lag: It's the horrible, poorly thought out game mechanics that traded in working, balanced gameplay in favor of cheap gimmicks yanked from tacky Korean MMOs (read: lottery loot) and a total clusterfark of a strategic map. And the entire plot was unabashedly ripped striaght fromSorcerer King.The Doom Clock is nothing more than an arbitrary time limit that does nothing more than artificially force you down a certain research path & gameplay style under the threat of losing if you deviate from it in any way. The fanbois says this game is proactive instead of reactive - that's complete horsepucky.  This series has never been more on rails than in this iteration.All of the Second Wave options you knew & loved are gone. Random stat bonus on level up? Gone. Random rookie stats? Gone. Flanking aim bonuses have been reduced to a flat rate that doesn't involve any real math. Ditto for criticals. The experience points system have been traded in for raw kill totals.  Comparing the tactical game mechanics of XCOM1 to XCOM2 is like comparing chess to checkers.Your base experience, likewise, has also been dumbed down. Alien containment? Gone. Interrogations? Gone. Interceptors? Gone.  The once mighty research tree has been trimmed down to a pathetic shrub, mostly so that they could implement their latest gameplay gimmicks over in engineering.The engineering room is the epitome of XCOM2's failures. Shen tells me that she's got the technology to make a powered armor exoskeleton combat suit with flame throwers in the arms that can phase through reality and walk through walls like a ghost... but then tells me that the only way we can put a scope on rifle is to loot one off a dead enemy, because manufacturing such an advanced piece of obviously alien technology is clearly beyond her capabilities.And it gets worse. If you want to make a +1 hitpoint vest then you go to engineering, spend the materials, and produce one vest that can be equipped by one soldier. But when you make a single +4 hitpoint armor suit literally all your soldiers can now wear it all at once. But if you want to make a powersuit then you have to manufacture each one by hand, one by one. But if you want to make plasma rifles you can build one and now literally everyone has them. But if you want to make a fancy hand grenade you have to make them one at a time and, oh yeah, they're completely randomeven if you've already made one exactly like it before.But that one hand grenade can be used an infinite number times. But only by one soldier at a time.  Shen, your drug test came back and it says you're a carrot.Mind you, these are all the game mechanics that are actually working as intended. I haven't even mentioned the bugs and I'm not going to, because that would take another six pages. Sufficie it to say, the graphics aren't the only place where Firaxis slept through their workday.Yet now I must get to my conclusion and the core of my complaint about XCOM2, and it is thus:FIRAXIS HAS CLEARLY PULLED A BETHESDA ON US.They looked at XCOM1 and how popular LongWar was, and they realized that, oh yeah, they didn't actually have to do any of the work that went into LongWar. The modding community did (specifically, one small and amazingly talented group of modders). They took an already good game and made it great. Firaxis took that lesson and ran with it... and ran with it... past the touchdown line, into the parking lot, and into the next state over.They released two things at the exact same time: A buggy, barely finished game that featured only a minimal amount of core material... and a modding kit. Golly, I wonder what they expected to happen next? It's rather obvious - they, like Bethesada, are 100% counting on a bunch of talented people from the modding communities to figure out how to use their SDK and finish making their game for them.Only 4 classes? Eh, let the modders fix it. Only 3 weapon tiers? Eh, let the modders fix it. Poor interface choices? Eh, let the modders fix it. Limited enemy variety? Eh, let the modders fix it. Weak core, lack of variety, poor optimization, bugs and generally bad design decisions all around? Eh, let the modders fix it. It works for Bethesda, right? Why pay our own people to this game's cornucopia of problems when you can make the customers do it for free?I can sum up all but one of the DLC in two words: ""Horse Armor.""In summary, Firaxis has given us lazy, poorly thought out game design that focuses on gimmicks rather than real upgrades & deeper content. The gimmicks are trying to prop up gameplay mechanics that were either devolved or removed outright and they just aren't up to the task.XCOM2 did succeed in bringing us adifferentgame experience than XCOM1 did, but it failed at bringing us a better one - or even a comparable one.  This is isn't the brutal blend of strategy & tactics that we've come to love.  This is 2/3rds ""Barbie's Army Dress-up Playset"" and 1/3rd of blatant ""V - The Visitors"" rip-off."
76561197971849206,Not Recommended,268500,23573038,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,...Skyward...,"The most bugged game I have played in almost 25 years. It is a shame to release something like this. This game have a rate of almost 1 bug per MINUTE. Colision problems, movement problems and the CRAZIEST BUG I HAVE EVER SEEN: The enemies stopped to attack, move and cover and I just can attack with melee weapons. The ranged soldiers just move, but cannot attack anymore. The Viper King Mission was totally bugged and I had just 1 guy with melee. 35 TURNS to finish the mission because JUST THE GOD DAMN MOTHER>>>>>> GUY with a sword can ATTACK and 1 viper spawn every turn.The end mission status? FLAWLESS AND NONE OF MY CHARACTERS WAS HARMED. BECAUSE THE ENEMIES DO NOT ATTACK.O.M.F.G.U N B E L I E V A B L E.SHAME ON YOU FIRAXIS AND 2K."
,Not Recommended,268500,20974305,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ghartman2,"Would not recommend the Mac version at this time. Performance issues seem as bad or worse than those being reported by PC users. I'll wait a few days to see if a patch fixes things, but expect I'll have to request a refund. I was very much looking forward to XCOM 2, so hopefully the game will be worth a second look once they optimize it and resolve the performance issues.Here are the main issues I noticed playing the tutorial and initial section on the strategic layer:1. The game fails to launch more often than not after hitting ""Play"" in the initial Mac options window. I only managed to get the game to launch twice out of 8 or 9 attempts. When the game fails to launch, the XCOM 2 app is unresponsive and requires a force quit to close.2. Very poor framerate as reported by PC users, especially during the pre-mission Skyranger sections. I was aware of the reports of poor performance and turned off anti-aliasing, ambient occlusion, and VSync before my tutorial run. Other settings were at ""high"" except for max texture quality, resolution at 2560x1440. Game was very laggy outside of cutscenes. Exited the game to turn on the Steam FPS counter so I could do some more fiddling with the graphics settings to try to increase the FPS, but couldn't relaunch the game.3. The main menu screen is quite noticeably bleeding through the background at times in both missions and the strategic layer. Distracting to have a ghostly portion of a desert scene suddenly pop into view when you're assaulting an urban Advent facility.System specs:iMac (27-inch, Late 2013)3.4 GHz Intel Core i58 GB 1600 MHz DDR3NVIDIA GeForce GTX 775M 2048 MBOS X Version 10.11.2"
,Recommended,268500,21038857,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,deanxvii,I'm enjoying the game so far but the performance is really killing me. I have i7 6700k and 2x 780ti on 1440p and I need to put on low settings to stay above 60fps
,Not Recommended,268500,21012212,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,lulose,"Poorly optimised and needs patching!For example on my laptop here I have 45FPS on Enemy Unknown with fullscreen 1366x768 on decent settings, while XCom 2 runs at 15FPS windowed at 1024x600 on minimum settings with various fixes that people have found.XCom 2 currently looks worse for graphics and runs at a third of the frames.Content-wise it is brilliant, just wait for patches to be released. :)"
76561198052312066,Not Recommended,268500,21898316,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,RedAlfa,"My god i only have 5 hours in this game and is 5 hours of headache and frustration,to much rushing around and timers,""go do this very fast are you gonna fail""suck."
76561198052181104,Not Recommended,268500,21972457,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Rythmatic,Every single last one of the coders should no longer have a job after flopping the possible greatest game of the year. NO joke if you go on the roof every monster shot is considered a flank attack through the roof with no vision possible but if you were to go in the attack in same position you would be completely blind to it. Bahahaha get dunked. Me and my vast group of friends will never buy a game from this company until we see it broadcasted they have all been terminated. I have alot of friends and boycotts start small and end up huge.
76561198145422108,Not Recommended,268500,21913282,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,He-Man,"All of the game is awesome, but if you don't have a good enough computer (processor) the game will not work enough to play. I do not recommend this game to anyone who dousen't like Xcom and anyone whos processor can't play much graphics."
,Not Recommended,268500,21215512,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,xylo,"What a let down.   Game is only a short 20-30 hours tops.   Very linear, extra simplified over the other Xcom remake, has some annoying game save corruption and other odd perf bugs.   The game has really strayed far from what X-com is about.  Hopefully someone will mod in a real xcom game here.Instead of tactical game play, there are tons of missions where you have to do something in a small fixed number of turns (ie, defend/destory X object in 6 turns.)  this means you just have to rush to the objective and end up losing tons of units less you save scum or don't care and just go and lose the mission.Instead of a really good AI, they got lazy and just added in teleporting monsters (teleport next to your guy, free shot, rinse repeat),  ones that have very high move rates so they can close in on you in one turn even if you setup a shop tacticaly a few screens away.Due to the forced events that control game time, the game has limited replayability (compared to say X-Com:UD or X-com:TFTD.)Save your money, buy it for a one time $5-10 expiernce when it goes on sale."
76561197991738293,Not Recommended,268500,20986854,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Spicymayo,they didnt fix any of the crappy parts of the first game... so slow. too many glitch's. no animations line up ever... its a joke.
76561197992637822,Not Recommended,268500,21166309,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Mr. Cheddar Cheese,"Massive performance issues. My system meets the ""reccomended specs"", but any time anyone moves/shoots/acts the FPS goes down to about 1 frame per second. It looks like a slideshow. I've tried taking the graphics settings down to the minimum and doing all the UE engine .ini hacks, but it still runs like garbage.Too bad. I really liked the last x-com game."
76561198011367804,Not Recommended,268500,21140204,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,wpbiv,"Any one associated with this garbage, including steam for distributing it, should be held accountable to their customers. I have never written a bad review in my life but this is really no better than robbery. It is so buggy as to be unplayable."
,Recommended,268500,23499304,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Baodrin,Hearing the phrase *welcome back Commader* sent tingles down my spine and slapped a giant grin on my face.Everything I liked about the first X-COM and a whole lot of new stuff
,Not Recommended,268500,30690845,Posted: 23 March,all,MichalRehacek,"The game features some nice updates since the first part: hacking, soldier customization, even the increase in difficulty and the change in settings where you are always being pursued by the aliens (which I personally do not like, but am willing to accept). Visuals look great too. If I were to base my review just on gameplay, the review would be positive.However, the game is still very buggy, even though it's been a long time since the original release. This is the reason why my review is going ot be negative. It has problems setting resolution (requiring me to reset the game resolution every time I launch it), the support for gamepads is buggy (I don't use a gamepad, but I have a few joysticks connected and the game assumes I'm using them, even though I have Mouse as the control scheme - the buggy controller support results in inability to name saves, because edit boxes behave as if the left arrow were pressed all the time), the game crashes once in a while - and those are just the biggest problems. These problems seem to have been known for a long time, so it doesn't look like they are going to be fixed ever.Then there are a few intentional interface design decisions that make things difficult. Texts are rendered on floating screens with a pulsating random effects - making it painful (literally) for someone like me, whose eyes are not perfect. Fortunately, this can be turned off by directly editing the config files. The transitions between different parts of the ship interface may look great, but seeing the same transitional 5-second animation for the 50th time during an evening isn't fun. And again, there's more.So overall, the gameplay is great, but the technical problems make the game so much worse than it could be. Thumb up for just the game contents, but thumbs down for the technical problems, resulting in an overall thumbs down."
76561198207780500,Recommended,268500,32853645,Posted: 27 June,all,Neaye,Such an amazing game. Have spent more than 340 hours on it since its release and keep coming back to it. The amazing mod-community makes the game even more diverse and you can change up your game in so many ways to freash it up and make it suit your taste. Definetely recommended.
76561198001784686,Not Recommended,268500,21141839,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Beaghan,"I like the game because I love xcom, but I can't recommend it. There are performance issues, bugs and just unexpected lazy efforts in some areas by the devs. My computer is high end, I get mega load times and huge lag spikes some graphical errors here and there with animations. They say it's not universal and they are aware that some high end systems have issues. That's basic laziness because things like that would easily be found out with any, ANY competant testing. Who did the math calculations? They should be fired and never allowed to work anywhere near a computer or anything electronic again. Oh you can miss 98% shots 10+ times on a playthrough but good luck ever making a 30% hack. 30% = 3 out of 10 in most parts of the world if not all. Try a 30% hack 500 times and let me know if you ever succeed. These aren't game breaking but seriously annoying. Gee let me try that 50% hack, nope denied, everyone is discovered, enjoy, be sure to try next time. Seriously? There is very little strategy in this one too, kill, kill, kill, kill. What you build and in what order matters very little in this one, just do every missions, destroy the avatar buildings as fast as possible, unless you like reloading saves never try to hack anything and never bet your mission on a single shot unless it's 100%. It feels more like a step back from the Xcom Enemy Unknown not an improvement. This one EVERY rookie can be a psi operative lol, and no jets vs. saucers, if I didn't know better I'd think this game came first and Enemy Unknown was the more advanced newer game. Just my opinions, play it and judge for yourself. If you never played the earlier versions you'll probably love it, if it runs well on your computer."
76561198098592394,Not Recommended,268500,21065333,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Deputy Marshal,"At its current state of unfinshed product I would not recommend this game. After about 20 hours or so I am finding, and others if you care to read the forums, that there is a ridiculous amount of crashing and failed launch start-ups. As for me every load I attempt to load up in-game continually gives me a game grashed scenario, thus now I am not able to play period; as of this moment of course. Until you see a major update in the update section I would recommend you stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,268500,21905388,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Flynn,"XCOM 1 was fantastic. I played it over and over again. XCOM 2 is very frustrating, annoying, slow and no fun at all."
76561198152722117,Not Recommended,268500,21368766,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,justo.j.rivas,"I've have spent a lot of time trying to fix my performance issue. it crashes on startup after the ""play"" button is pressed. there is a lot of performance issues posted by a lot of gamers that have spent time reinstalling the game, checking for solutions, getting into tecnical and specific programming option to fix the issues. I don't think a game is supposed to take time off to fix it and drain you motivation to it. i'm asking for a refund. i do not recommend this game for the time being."
76561197986961251,Not Recommended,268500,21010767,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Eranak,"First time in years I purchase a game on release date.Game doesn't work, can't start it. It just crashes.Don't be me. Wait and see."
76561198052232357,Not Recommended,268500,21232229,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ditsy,"Firaxis is kinda infamous for buggy releases but this time prelease reviews were claiming it's relatively free of game-stopping bugs, only chock-full of visual animation/camera bugs. While it seems like there aren't a ton of of game-stopping bugs there's still one pretty major one: During any mission the game can crash and corrupt every single save made during the mission, including autosaves. On ironman this means game-over - you have no chance of salvaging the run. Without ironman you can go back to the latest save made on the world map - though considering that the intended/prefered way to play xcom as stated by the devs is ironman a bug like this is unacceptable. Personally I ran into this bug around 3 times even before the final mission but what takes the cake is that this bug seems to be most common during the final mission - several prominent streamers had their ironman-run killed right during the final mission due to this bug and one streamer I occasionally watch is now waiting until there are any fixes for this bug before attempting the final mission.Other noteworthy bugs include the enemy AI completely borking out which in turn has the effect that the AI's turn takes an abnormal and aggravatingly long time while actually remaining completely stationary and inactive.Another common bug is the alien viper enemy being able to use their tongue-pull to pull your soldiers without any line of sight and through entire buildings.Combine these technical issues and game-stopping bugs and the extremely poor optimization that a lof of people already have drawn attention to and I don't see how Xcom 2 deserves to be supported/bought at full prize in its current state. If you put aside the technical issues Xcom 2 is a fairly fun and decent squad-based TBS/RNG-BS game and would be worth the full prize for fans of the genre like myself - in its current state it's a lot less clear cut.My advice would be to hold off and wait until patches are out and while you're at you might just as well wait for a sale. Personally I won't buy any Firaxis game at launch anymore and instead hold out for patches and sales. At this point I just don't trust Firaxis to not release a game with game-stopping bugs and I don't think they should be rewarded with full-prize sales for a MO like that.edit: i feel like a lot of reviewes kind of glossed over the more major bugs, this one does a good job at addressing the issue imo:http://www.giantbomb.com/reviews/xcom-2-review/1900-733/"
,Not Recommended,268500,24506301,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Gulzila,Overall game is great but it is very frustrating when enemy can see you and shoot through floors. Game navigation is a bit sloppy and annoying. The worst part is that every mission seems to require you to finish it in specific number of turns which makes game more of a chore than fun. I think this game has NOT an improvement. I don't think I will be playing it anymore. It's just NOT FUN.
76561197963327201,Not Recommended,268500,21013819,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Jhyrok,How did this game get a 9/10...? best thing steam ever did was offer refunds. Thankyou steam <3
,Not Recommended,268500,23527693,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,cwarner030,"I'm gonna try and keep it short. I was a huge fan of Xcom Eu, and like many, was eagerly awaiting the arrival of Xcom 2. I preordered the game and found very quickly that i should have waited until it went on sale. The modding community is the only thing that made this game bearable for me.Why wouldnt i recommend this game? It's tedious and exhausting in comparison to its predicessor. The game constantly makes you feel rushed and forces you into sloppy compromises during game play, such as putting a 5 round timer on missions. Honestly, if it werent for the modding community, this game would be a wash.theres literally no compelling story line and the characters are easily forgettable. Read some of the more extensive reviews before buying this game, they do a much better job of explaining it than i, and please, if you feel the need to buy, at least wait until it is on sale."
,Recommended,268500,32995393,Posted: 29 June,all,A Programmer,"This is how you make a squeal. It takes XCOM and refines what was good from it, and some of the bad.Overwatch now targets multiple targets on the same turn, the orginal XCOM had a fustrating issue where if you had mutlipe solders on overwatch they would target the very same enemy, this allowed following enemies to move freely. That happens no more, less you set it up wrong. If you space your troops positions they'll target different enemies leaving you in contol of how overwatch works.Armor and base weapons no longer have to be purchased for each solder, research and upgrading now effects all weapons and armor, however there is still specialty armor which can be researched and built, which has to be bought seportaly.I don't feel the game is rushing you to play, There are plenty of missions where you have unlimited turns to complete but there are more turn limited missions than XCOM, in the case of the story which as a gurrilia force you really cant compete with an actual military head on, so you'd want to get in and out before a real force shows up.The bugs are not as bad this time around, Sometimes the camera will fly off when switching turns. There is choppyness, I have a GTX 970 so maybe time to upgrade to something ripping threads. One time after a stunningly perfect round, I got an achievement just as the game was switching back and the camerea stopped on me and the UI didn't come back for 2 minutes, I thought i would of had to close the game but I hit esc and the UI came back. With that being said, deffinitally not a deal breaker. On sale for $20 makes this a steal."
76561198044424540,Not Recommended,268500,21483778,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Hugh G. Rection,"TL;DR? = Unenjoyable, Every mission felt like a chore, stupidly flawed probability system, missions gradually become impossible to complete, game forces you to play how it wants you to play, timer to beat the game makes it virtually stressful and unrelaxing.I personally enjoy turn based games with a strategic and tactical element implemented to make you feel like a commander of a fireteam. This game fits right in there but with major disappointing twists that have rendered it unejoyable and everything about it is forced onto you. In addition, one thing I HATE the most about this game is the element of probability, and not just that but the probabilities you get in terms of a successful hit are very unrealistic and just straight out annoying.In the beginning of the main campaign, I was having fun. Missions were playable, but only easy if you knew how to position your fireteam and target the most lethal and threatening enemies first while taking care of your own team in order to suffer little to no losses or damages. I was mastering that pretty well. The enemies I faced were a suitable match to the soldiers and lack of equipment I had to begin with which was fair enough. Then came this AVATAR project. Now I understand Firaxis wanted something unique, but to implement some sort of timer required in order to beat the game well thats just thrown any form of relaxation and joy of the game straight out the window. Then enemies staretd to become harder, and I couldnt keep up with improving my team and equipment. The game forces you to use your veteran teams more often due to the sudden rise of difficulty. Leaving you with no chance of using any additional rookies to promote them and give them access to better equipment. The further into the game I got, the more stressful it became when you lost even one soldier (who was either a squaddie or Cpl) because that meant you needed to replace him/her, but that was vitually impossible because I have now reached to that part of the game where every mission I play now is extremely difficult for rookies. I then eneded up having to restart because I kept losing soldiers bit by bit after every mission. How I was losing them I will explain later.Now the missions themselves I believed were forced onto the player. You're given a mission to do in which although you have an option to skip it, you will suffer a serious penalty if you do. Now you're probably asking, why would you want to skip it anyway? Well maybe because I was in the middle of picking up a supply drop and researching equipment to further improve my fireteam, and I know that if I don't finish those researches then I won't stand a chance in hell in doing any further missions. I understand that sacrifices have to be made sometimes in order to complete a mission, but sacrificing after every mission makes any future missions impossible to complete. It's stressful enough that you need to spend time in collecting supply and researching equipment in order to keep up with the mission difficulty, but then to stop me mid way and literally URGE me to do this mission or I suffer a penalty, its just silly. I also understand that they make us do these missions so that we dont go ahead of the difficulty and enter a mission with a fully kitted out fireteam making the mission a walk in the park, but the difficulty is already way ahead, after the fact that I lost two soldiers from the previous mission, and I had to waste supply recruiting more which will be useless because they dont have the equipment to even survive for two turns in the next upcoming missions (sorry for abusing the word ""missions"").Now onto the stupidly flawed probability system. 6 out of 10 ten times I was given a probability of a 70%+ chance of hitting the enemy and I end up missing. 2 of those 6 misses my soldier was in point blanc range of the enemy. Not only that but on several occasions my soldiers were behind full cover and end up getting critically hit back to the stone age as if they were sitting ducks out in the open (and no they weren't being flanked because the sheild symbol was still blue and not yellow). You were doing a good job killing off the enemy fire team with no wounded soldiers because you mastered the arts of flanking and cover just to have one alien, suddenly blessed by the vision of god and snipe one of your guys who was behind a brick wall. I stopped beliving it was due to unluckiness and started thinking that it was just plain bull, since it happened consistently.Overall, the game became less enjoyable after every mission. The missions started to feel like a chore instead of actually being hyped to do them. The probability system works against you and in the favour of the AI, despite following every rule in the book when it comes to a turn based, stay-in-cover-and-flank game. The game makes you play how it wants you to play, and any diversion from the ""script"", and you get severly punished.2/10 would not get critically sniped behind full metal cover again."
,Not Recommended,268500,21167815,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,The Last Game Cube,I had alot of fun for 18 hours. But then the game started to crash. Then all of my saves were randomly corrupted. Worth only $20.Edit 2/11/2017After giving this game a second try I ran into even more game breaking bugs. I give up.
76561197975711171,Not Recommended,268500,23722241,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Triangle Man,"I loved XCom, and beat it on Normal Ironman [1] twice. But after eight hours XCom 2 (Veteran dropping to Rookie after a while, Ironman again) seems hopelessly, needlessly hard.May have another go on Rookie from the start, but right now am not inclined to.If you don't play Ironman, you may of course find it easier. Much of the hardness takes the form of viciously punishing small mistakes - being able to restart the mission would help a lot there.(I have no-interest in non-Ironman play - it just doesn't have the same rewards)[1] Self-imposed, since the single save isn't reliable against software faults."
76561198061223012,Not Recommended,268500,21906598,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,razvanxp,"Full of bugs.- On some tiles despite the fact that the interface shows you can go there you cannot, this even if you change views. This totaly ruins the already limited tactics you can apply.- The game freazes in cutscenes (e.g when the Advent reinforcements arrive, when you discover enemies etc.) and also randobly after totaly random turns. You have to wait minutes until the game gives you back control of your units.- The game crashes in cutscenes (e.g. when you destroy a Avatar base and  it explodes at the end of the mission)- Idiotic tutorial, it forces you to move in particular places on the map, forces you to make bad decisions and you loose soldiers. This not mentioning the fact that it does not explain anything useful. I played most of the XCOM series and it confused even me.- The aliens are overpowered even in the second level dificulty (Veteran), they hit you 90% of the time from insane distance, most of the time with critical (even if your troops are under full cover) and 80% of the time your troops panic.- Your troops suck, the sniper misses shots with 90% chance to hit 2 times in a row, the heavy never hits anything, so on so forth. The only good soldier is the ranger.- Another huge inconsistency that prooves the AI advantage over the player: Turrets. A hacked turret never hits anything even from almost melee range while a turret in AI control will hit you half way across the map evey time.I will stop with the examples here im sure there where other players mentioning these things in other posts.My conclusion: - this game is not fulfilling his role as a recreation, is not fun, gives you no satisfaction, after playing and while playing it leaves you frustrated and with a very bad impresion.I know the difference between a complicated hardcore game and a really bad implemented one, this is the latter.Unless they fix it don't waste your money and time on it like I did."
76561198098805784,Not Recommended,268500,22066467,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,darroneagle24,Just recently brought the game and can't even get past the tutorial because it keeps crashing. Wait til it's on sale and more patches been release for it.
76561198031204885,Not Recommended,268500,22169292,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,LouisXIV,Would not start.  Tried a bunch of stuff but no dice.  Returned the game for a refund.  Bummer.
76561198006833282,Recommended,268500,28394714,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Wildling Beard,"EDIT: Approaching 1000 hours on this brilliant, beautiful and sometimes buggy piece of high-gaming art. If you haven't bought it, or gave up on it early for some reason - you should know there's an insane modding community that bumps this 10 up to 53. Don't like turn timers? Mod them out. Want tons of real world guns? Mod them in. And all this resistance fighting alien business mixed with zombies, psionic powers, wrist rockets, rooftop running snipers in the most tense turn-based battles ever in history. Look it up, I'm right."
76561198042215627,Not Recommended,268500,20984770,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,the_illuminator,"2017 Update: It runs better, but will still need to play more to have a thorough opinion. My rig is much better than originally, but it still feels like a more streamlined and polished game.Feb 2016 Review:I loved XCOM enemy unknown and could not wait for this game to drop. Sad to say I had to request the refund for $75 because of SEVERE performance issue. Lack of graphical optimizations aside - waiting several seconds after a turn to end only to get a little dialogue piece, and then waiting some more for the next turn, animations being cut off by walls and such, etc. - made this game really disengaging and borderline unplayable. I quit after the tutorial. The cinematics are wonderful and the new features excited me, but until this gets the number of patches needed for a quality experience, I'm keeping my hands off."
76561198030579398,Not Recommended,268500,25681008,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Paladin_AS,"Well, after i have played over 200 hours, i think it is time for my own little review.I have played XCOM2 since release and it gave me very mixed feelings from start on.Is it a bad game? No, of course not. It really is a good game.I really do recommend buying it! (the base game, not the DLCs)Install all the cool mods that are out there and enjoy the game!But if it is a good game, why do i give it a thumbs down?I play XCOM since day one. UFO, TFTD, etc... I have played them all.I do not consider myself a pro gamer but i have played them all.And i really really loved the new XCOM EU/EW.But XCOM2 just makes me sad, mad and angry! It is so disappointing!On release the performance was just crappy and there were so many technical issues.Then there are bugs everywhere. Even today.This line of sight issue is just a no go for a game like this!Timers? I hate them!The user interface is just bad. This game is about numbers and gives you no inforamtion.It lacks any comfort-features and you need lots of mods to make it enjoyable.The game offers 21:9 support but no one adjustet the interface. Why do i need a mod for this?The global strategy gameplay is also designed very badly.Running an underground organisation and using guerilla tactics offers so much possibilities.All you get are the same 3 scripted missions that pop up every month at the same time and have the same goal.Why do i have to choose between 3 very hard missions when all my soldiers are wounded?Why can´t i just do an easy mission with some rookies an raid some kind of warehaus to get supplies and XP?I run a secret organisation. I am supposed to do whatever i want to do, whenever i want to do it!20 years ago, good old UFO gave you total freedom in your gameplay! There was no big story but it worked!The soldier classes are not designed and balanced very well.The DLCs are just bad. The enemies are not balanced and do not fit into the gameplay.Why does someone put in a giant sectopod when the graphic engine can´t deal with it?The rulers are a good idea but badly implemented.And so on...This game had the potential to become the ultimate Xcom but at some point in developementeverything went totally wrong. The graphics designers did such a good job butthe game designers totally went in the wrong direction. They failed miserably!But as i said, it still is a good game and i recommend buying and playing it.But for me, this is so disappointing. It just makes me sad! So sad...I really do hope for a big expansion that fixes some of this problems."
76561198020393108,Recommended,268500,21218124,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ghoenghoen,"It's XCOM baby!Going into this I was expecting basically an up-scaled EU/EW with a tweaked storyline.  While it looks similar, the feel and gameplay vary greatly from the first game.  I just finished my first run through and I enjoyed every second of it.This isn't the old school ""overwatch till death"" game we're used to, You actually gotta take risks and think tactically to get anything done in XCOM 2.  Not only are you weaker than in the first game, the enemy is way way stronger, and you'll be punished badly if you make a mistake.  I accidentally moved one of my soldiers 2 tiles too far and lost 3 of them in the aliens' turn.If you enjoy getting the most out of meagre resources while fighting endless enemies with a few good, though fragile, men( or women), This game doesn't dissapoint.The only criticism I have is the graphics glitches that sometimes occur, like a movie not loading, or the screen freezing for a while, but I put that down to growing pains, and the development team already said that they were working on those."
,Not Recommended,268500,21228711,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Rico,"XCOM 2 is to XCOM what Beyond Earth is to Civ V. The same game, made slightly different and released with a lot less features than you might come to expect after playing the previous game. If you're unfamiliar, Firaxis seems to be making a habit of releasing the bare minimum required to catch people's interest and to then release $50 expansions that slowly bring the game in line with what you were actually expecting.The game plays out much the same way, including all the graphical bugs we know and love from the previous game. There's no real graphical change, just a slight alteration in overall aesthetic. The Avenger is a simplified xcom base with an ideal layout that is obvious once you work out just what things do. Put the power on the big power things, put the workshop in the middle and then build everything. The interface is completely unchanged feeling exceptionally clunky with mouse and keyboard, especially when trying to use area of effect abilities such as grenades. You don't have any mechs of any sort this time, just soldiers which are divided in to five classes now, mostly the same as the previous game just psionic is now its own class that is easier to secure a soldier for and brings back memories of an avenger full of Psi Amps considering how strong it is.There's a lot more I could say about this game. It's not a bad game, don't get me wrong... but there's no way I could recommend it to anybody. This has sealed the deal for me on this developer. Wait until they're making xcom 3 and then buy a bundle with the full game when it's on special. Spend the $90 you'll end up saving somewhere else, perhaps on a developer who's willing to give you your money's worth on release."
76561197970945245,Recommended,268500,21040344,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Yzaxtol,"9.5/10I've just completed the game on Commander difficulty and immediately decided to do it again but on Ironman as I did do a little bit of save dancing in the most intense parts of the game and want to remove the temptation next time.For anyone that loves a multi-faceted strategy game that delivers tough decisions at every layer then this game is for you.Pros:+Aliens are much more varied than before requiring new tactics, tough decisions and intense fights.+Your non-standard gear is random. I only unlocked a few grenades and some vests on my first playthrough and they went on every mission. Can't wait to unlock new interesting items.+You can play your own way. I finished the game without recruiting a single Psi Operative.+Every non-story map is procedurally generated, I have yet to see any serious repetition as I start my 2nd playthrough.+The new perk trees are interesting and fairly balanced, I did not at any point think I wanted to bring ALL of one class on a mission. Though I did exempt Psi-Ops just because I did not have time to build extraneous facilities.+The strategy layer is much more complex than the original and the addition of strategy missions for gaining resources along with the task of building a resistance network, recruiting and assigning Engineers to Excavation, Construction or Maintenance, researching specific technologies and dealing with the Black Market makes it an entirely seperate and sophisticated game within a game.+Character customization is now an incredibly powerful tool that will allow you to create many varied characters and through the game give some extra badass-ness to your best performing soldiers.+The character pool system allows you to add your family and friends into the game, but still nestled inside the random generation of the game. I recently had one of my friends mind-controlled and shot another friend in the face whilst attempting to escort a 3rd friend to safety as a VIP. This also works with getting attached to a character in a previous game and saving them to the pool for later games as this super badass.Cons:- The game bugs out occasionally with the screen being blank or units dancing around the screen, once my screen was blocked by scenery whilst attempting to hack and couldn't see the UI.- Nothing throughout the entire game prepares you for what you will face in the final missions, it was disconcerting when I first attempted them.- The main story is a bit weak but the game never focuses on it for long."
76561198040721175,Not Recommended,268500,21079527,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,!Q,"I don't want to write a giant wall of text, so i will keep it short (or atleast try to) and summarize the pros and cons of this game. Please keep in mind that these are based on my own experience with this game. Some people have little to no issues with this game. That is why the reviews are not all negative nor are they all positive. Anyhow, back to the pros and cons:Pros:- it has the potential to be a great game, if playable (some recurring new mechanics that i did enjoy: timed missions,blacksites and class mechanics (all classes are good and none of the builds are inherently weaker than the other builds.It really depends on the mission, to determine which build is more efficient. Also, don't be afraid to experiment withyour builds. You have the option to retrain your soldiers at some point in the game.)- most issues people have with this game are fixable- a great and friendly community (a lot of people, who have small performance issues, can find help in the steamforumsof XCom 2)Cons:- crashes and freezes that leads to crashes (black, grey, red, blue screens, i have experienced them all atleast once in thelast 4 days)- poor optimization (low to mediocre fps even on high end rigs)- a lot of bugs and/or glitches ranging from aliens detecting/shooting you through walls to allies sinking in the floor- poor technical support on the side of the developers (a friend of mine was advised to use the same strategy as withXCom EU/EW. That is to play untill you crash/freeze with XCom EU/EW, then start up XCom 2 and play untill you resetyour pc. Repeat this process, if you want to play XCom 2 without black screen (or whatever colour you'reexperiencing))- no patch announcements, so you can forget about short term improvements and/or resolutions.Conclusion (Well, i did promise to keep it short, so here are my final thoughts regarding XCom 2):I loved XCom EU/EW and XCom LW, but sadly i am unable to enjoy and play XCom 2 due to technical difficulties. So even if i wanted to, i just can't recommend this game to anyone, untill the game is properly patched. Which is a shame, because the game has a lot of potential. I just have to wait a few weeks (or more likely months) for the game to be patched, so i can enjoy the game thoroughly and on my own terms, instead of making compromises due to poor optimization and or technical issues.I sincerely hope, that i have dissuaded atleast some of you from buying this game in its current state, because i really want you gents and/or ladies out there, to have a great and memorable (first) experience with this fantastic franchise.Cheers!SnuPi"
76561198119449347,Not Recommended,268500,20983465,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,longhorndillonwilson,At the moment I cannot in good conscience recommed this game as I cannot play it.If and when a patch comes out I'm sure I will completely reverse this review.
76561198010202191,Not Recommended,268500,21488782,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ctesias,"The developers of XCOM 2 were upset that early beta testers of their game found it to be too easy.  They responded to this problem by adding difficulty, not by restricting the number of turns available to finish a mission or by making the enemy AI better, but by upping the enemy HP and throwing more of them at you than is reasonable.I'm on the first terrorizing mission of the game.  My squad size is four.  It's impossible at this point to have increased it to five because there haven't been enough missions to get someone to sargeant rank.  When I move forward for the first time on the map I uncover five enemies.  They each take a volley from my entire squad to take down.  The five enemies are: a sectoid, two commanders, and two stun lancers.  One of the civillians next to me is actually a shape shifter.  If I kill anyone other than the sectoid in the first round, it's immediately resurrected as a zombie.  The shape shifter gets to reveal itself and attack in the same turn regardless of whether or not I get close enough to it to make it transform.  There is literally no way for me to avoid having at least one stun lancer running through my party knocking people unconscious after the second round.XCOM - you didn't make this game more challening by making it more unfair.  You made it infuriating to play by obviously overstacking the deck against me.  This♥♥♥♥♥♥isn't fun."
76561198009810322,Not Recommended,268500,24029352,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sevuz,"I can't recommend this at all with the technical problems that it has. It’s badly optimized with stutter and FPS drop even after patching. My rig is WAY ABOVE the recommended specs and can run any other newer game without problems (GTA5, Witcher 3, DOOM). I really hope they do a better job next time, because I enjoyed XCOM from 2012 even with it's flaws and I am sad that I can’t enjoy this sequel :("
,Recommended,268500,34717673,Posted: 3 September,all,Ballistic Angel,"It's quite regrettable that I did not purchase this game upon it's release, because damn, is it good. Guns, aliens and a chess like vibe that I am addicted to."
76561198046650476,Recommended,268500,21091046,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Bdeslaurs,"A really good sequel that live up to its predecessor. They add many feature:-Avenger assault where your own base is attack, feels like in the old xcom.-A class for the psychic, but still i dont like they aren't lvl up by combat experience.-Ambush, a fun feature which can be mod to be more realistic.-Weapons and armor are bought only once. While you could say it was harder the other way since if you lost a mission you lost all your new gear.I have some personal problem about realistic, like shooting through roof or wall while there is no way you could know the enemy is there.So 9/10 will lose rookies again"
76561198135913580,Recommended,268500,21422206,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Antimouse,"Game is worth it to play. Faced some tech and bug issues and game itself a bit expensive in my region, but this is  not affected my gameplay.I'm in love with XCOM."
76561197972027080,Not Recommended,268500,22245823,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ZombieGylvan,"It might be a great game if they ever fix it.  Its hard to tell, i can't play long enough.  It doesn't work, it crashes constantly and is insanely buggy.  I don't get it.6-9-2016So, months later.  Try the game, it seems more stable.  I start to get into it, get a good game going, then it crashes.  No big deal, i reload....all my saves are gone.  SCREW THIS PIECE OF CRAP GAME.  DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE.    I hate this game, and this game makes me hate that i enjoyed the last XCOM.  I would return both games if i could."
76561198039679458,Not Recommended,268500,22888300,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Kharnivore2099,"I love the X-Com series, loved the original title back in 1994 and love it's sequel. I even have a fondness for the reboot of the series, of which, to some extent...I would recommend. This title however, though it has some great mechanics in place and could be quite enjoyable, has you suffering through so many peformance issues that you really have to wonder what the hell they were playing this game on while in development. They MUST have seen these issues that literally every one of their customers has witnessed, yet they just didn't bother to fix them.More often than not I sit around 50fps, then at times I will drop down to 40fps in retaliation sites. On an i7, 16GB RAM and a GTX970...that is far from acceptable for this type of game. Character customisation is great, you can set up some great plays and feel like you are being quite sneaky. In the end though, performance becomes your biggest enemy and the RNG regarding your soldiers shots cuts down any tactics you had in place.I want to play it, and I want to enjoy it...but they messed up so damn hard. Sorry, Firaxis, fix it before releasing any more DLC and we might see a change."
76561198006891453,Not Recommended,268500,34875014,Posted: 10 September,all,kilijan,"If punching yourself in the balls is fun, then this game is a blast. They doubled down on enemies who break all the rules, like taking 4 actions in a single turn and also get to shoot you every time you shoot at them. So I guess on average 6 actions. No thank you.The lost concept is way over emphasized, where you can't walk but 1 turn before you have to stop and shoot a ""horde"" of them. It gets old extremely fast and turns what used to be semi fast missions into 45 minute long reload fests.The ticking clock in every mission is very aggrivating and if that isn't enough for you, the entire game has a ticking clock. To have a ticking clock every now and then is fine, but it is every single mission. Again, an over emphasized concept which happens to be one I hate.The original xcom is one of my most fond childhood memories and the first xcom firaxis released was a lot of fun and made me excited for what the future of the franchise would be. Now I know that it is 13 levels of RNG, guaranteed wounds or deaths every mission, time limits that keeps me from enjoying the game and prevents me using a play style that I WANT TO USE instead of running everywhere as fast as I can like an idiot because i'm forced to, and my personal favorite enemies that break the rules of the game by getting free actions against every action you take, then getting 4 more as they summon a minion, move, attack then move again to hide. If you designed a set of game rules so poorly that you feel the only way to challenge players is to break them. I don't find that interesting, or fun.No thank you. This franchise is dead to me now."
76561198080016434,Not Recommended,268500,21082291,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Aratrezz,"If you were able to run XCOM with no problems on your desktop or laptop don't think for a second you can run XCOM 2 at the same capacity. I'm not sure why it's standard practice in ""next-gen"" games for every leaf on every tree be given is own physics engine to sway with absolute percision in the gentle breeze. And no, there's no turning that effect off. Where in previous games dumbing down the graphics settings makes it playable XCOM 2 might as well have two options: ""You can't run it"" and ""You definitly can't run it."" I love XCOM and the gameplay of XCOM 2 is solid. I just wish gaming companies would quite trying to shake the gold coins out of my pockets by demanding I buy a new desktop setup every year to look at their ""next-gen"" graphics. Great game, hindered by the alleged demand for 1080p turn based strategy games. Once a mod comes out that eliminates the RAM devouring effects of gentle wind and weather I'd be happy to revise this opinion."
,Recommended,268500,21027655,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Teddy Broosevelt,"This game is damned perfect. It makes you sweat. It makes you rage. It makes you care. It makes you cheer. This is everything I wanted XCOM 2 to be and more.Ignore the trolls, buy the game."
,Not Recommended,268500,21176756,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,derkregin,"XCOM 2 is a game that tries too hard to be XCOM: Enemy unknown, by slightly changing the names of the classes and by introducing a timer and new aliens.XCOM2 Hasn’t learned the difference between “hard” and “punishing”. In XCOM: Enemy unknown both sides try to get the upper hand, the aliens through number and brute strength while the player can achieve the goals through destruction of terrain and positioning to flank, while in XCOM 2 if you don’t kill everything that you see in the turn that your unfortunate eyes sees them, which you won’t with the few hundred of them, which is understandable with the story, but with massive amount of health and damage that your B-B guns will merely tickle the Muton that will evaporate on your cavalry impersonator by looking at it funny. In addition, even XCOM: UFO defence which is known for being difficult is just difficult, not punishing. The aliens have a larger range and are usually hidden, so you have to be careful as you move, unlike in XCOM 2 where the Cortex will disable all of your weapons, teleport behind you and kill the only useful team member you have all in the same turn which will cause the animalistic “super soldiers” to go into a panic, run out of cover and then get immediately shot by whatever waits for them.XCOM: Enemy Unknown glitches are fun. You grapple onto a ledge and you get teleported under where you started, or by doing a Chryssalid dance with the dumb AI, while in XCOM 2: If you log out of the game while something is building, which you probably will as doing more than one mission at a time is about as desirable as grinding teeth against a cats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the building suddenly doesn’t exist, all the days that you waited for it have gone to waste, and the materials you invested into it are now gone. I mean, it’s not like you really need those Psi operatives to make the game playable.We’ve come this far without talking about the timer. XCOM 2 has introduced a timer for practically every mission, which isn’t fun, it’s just artificial difficulty that will make you panic. If you don’t do the mission in the time limit, the world becomes that much worse, everyone blames you while you were standing on a roof trying to not get absolutely everyone killed with the mass amount of aliens the game throws at you. Take Jet Set Radio into account: Would be an amazing game but gave everything a time limit, but there it made sense as it’s supposed to be a fast paced hip hop game.If you wanted to buy XCOM 2, my advice is: Don’t. I’m going to play some more XCOM: Enemy unknown."
76561198131816798,Not Recommended,268500,22342628,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,lobsterfran,"There's probably a really good game somewhere in here, but seeing as in recent weeks I've spent longer trying to get the game to load my save games without crashing, than I have actually playing it, I really couldn't recommend that anyone buy this game yet.I follow the various instructions to ""fix"" crashing issues, if I'm lucky, my save games might work, if not, I start again.Following day - crashes when loading.Sick of this now."
,Recommended,268500,26868117,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MnemnocH,Im a sucker for turn based games and XCOM 2 is a great improvement from the first one. I hope they release an expansion or something.Terror from the deep anyone?
76561198032183703,Recommended,268500,32890938,Posted: 27 June,all,usmc_sgt98,"I have a few hundred hours on this game and it is awesome. I love the ability to setup ambushes, create characters with their own personalities, and just about everything else. Some of the negative reviews about being pushed do feel true but towards the end you do have time to build up your troops. I just keep trying to find leads on alien facilities which help keep the timer down. Unfortunately all good things must end and you do have to defeat the bad guys. The add on packs with different outfits are ok... Me personally I do not care for them as I prefer more realistic military attire. The other add ons for missions are totally worth it though. If you have played XCOM in the past and liked it... Then you will definately love this and more. This gives you a whole new perspective in playing. As for cons... Really the only thing that I have found are little nit picky things that have nothing to do with the gameplay itself. I do not have the top of the line computer so there is this...extended time I guess... before and after you start a mission. Basically you get a mission brief /debrief while you're in the jet and there is this extended period of time before you land. Otherwise... this game totally rocks and is great"
,Recommended,268500,27667930,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,❤ 𝐊 𝐀 𝐓 𝐘 ❤,"Cool game, lots of PEW PEW, RATATATATA, with the occasional BOOOM or ""BEWM"" if you're french.-The story is pretty aight i guess but who cares when you can go PEWPEW aliens?-The Gameplay is pretty dope, you prepare your setup and then; 'RATATATA git gut alien scrubs'-The Character customisation is kinda mehhh especially if you don't have the DLC's, if you truly want to be a fabtastic alien exterminator i suggest that you buy the DLC's too.BTW i'm totally not making this review to get the steam badge (/.\)."
76561198011574812,Not Recommended,268500,24786912,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Kaizn,"I loved the previous XComs and was excited about this game but somehow they managed to make a series I enjoyed an absolute frustrating experience.  I have only played 10 hours but for me 10 hours is enough.  Uninstalled.  In that 10 hours, I only had one mission that did not have a timed aspect.  The game is brutally punishing.  The random rolls are just infuriating.  How you can stand one square in front of an enemy and not get a 100% hit is beyond me.  Frustrating is truly the best adjective I could think to give this game."
,Not Recommended,268500,21003666,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dopync,* Portuguese localization is missing.* Performance issues.* Turn limit.Can't enjoy it.
76561198048873269,Not Recommended,268500,21330246,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Punished Mobius,The game forces you to play stupid. Placing the objective 9 mad dashes away and giving me 10 turns to reach it is basically the game in a nutshell. I had to look to the workshop as many other people have to make the game even strategically enjoyable and not just some mad dash to the suitcase with some dice rolls.
,Not Recommended,268500,21396141,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,-hg- stuv101,"There's a lot wrong with this game; to much to make it a valid 60 dollar purhase at this point.GameplayThe Random Number Generating system (RNG) is absolutely broken and completely rediculous. From what i understand, the RNG is a single element that applies to all XCOM units and ADVANT forces regardless of the circumstances.For example: lets say you have a Ranger unit within 3 spaces of a target thats out of cover, and you have a 95% chance to hit; this Ranger then misses for some stupid reason. you can load from the auto save and try again, but now anyone is garanteed to miss the first exchange regardless of who attacks first and regardless of ""hit percentages"".This type of situation can result in some pretty ridiculous kills. My best kill was a critical hit with a shotgun at it's maximum hitting distance, through a full cover wall; and that was an 11% chance to hit and 2% to critical it (AND THAT WAS REPEATABLE FROM THE AUTO SAVE!). Seriously, if that doesn't show how bad the RNG is in this game, I don't know what will.Every XCOM class is unbalanced, overpowered, or completely useless. The XCOM classes have a handful of useful classes: snipers, medics, demolition, heavy gunner, and psi op; every other class is completely worthless unblended (putting all your class points in one skill tree) and will get your team killed.The Combat Technician (combat hacker) gets the ability to hack mech units, shock enemies with a drone (minimal damage at best) and do local scans to find enemies within proximity of the user; Medics can heal, revive, and resurrect from a distance (that in itself is extremely overpowered, no need to keep the medic close by), and can get the ability to do all that to everyone on your team, all at one time, once per mission.The Gunslinger (Pistol Popper) can use their pistol (not main weapon) to shoot multiple enemies, shoot multiple shoot at one target, and take a pistol shot before using their main weapon (really the only good ability they have). Snipers can shoot at multiple enemies with a more powerful weapon, set up killzones (overwatch on crack), obliterate armor or near instakill (deadeye), and shoot from anywhere as long as someone has eyes on the target.The Blademasters and phantom skills need to be blended in order for rangers to be any good (if you didn't do this, good luck).Alien units are Unbalanced and OP. There are a lot of Aliens you will hate to fight in XCOM 2; mainly: Sectoids, Gatekeepers, Shieldbearers, Vipers, and Codex.Sectoids have a huge variety of psi abilities and sometimes use more than one in a turn.Gatekeepers are tank-like psi enemies with huge AoE attacks and laser eyes.Shieldbearers can turn any aliens around them into tanks or better tanks.Vipers can spit venom like thinmen, and grab units with a long tongue like Smokers from L4D (btw, their snakes, not frogs, wtf, they shouldn't have a tongue ability).codex can copy themselves, teleport, and AoE disarm units.The timers are stupid and make no sense in certain missions. Why do I have a timer for a rescue mission or an assassination mission? Why is there a timer for stealing enemy intel from a box or computer?Release QualityThe game was released in an unoptimized state. It's glitchy, slow, and can crash pretty hard from time to time. I had to start three missions over because my autosaves were corrupted, and restart the game at the final mission to fix some texture issues.ConclusionThis game needs some serious overhauls and patches; the game is down right frustrating with the current RNG and game mechanics, and is a chore to get though.Wait till this game gets an update, patches, overhaul mods / DLC, and a drop in price to no more than $30.It's not a bad game, it's an ungraceful game that needs some serious reworking."
76561198014299795,Not Recommended,268500,21734653,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all, Sc4r3crow ,"Well, Ive got over 100 hours into the game. The game is pretty good, but there are huge performance issues... One would think they'ld solve them quickly, but it's been over a month after release and all we got was a hotfix that didn't fix much and even broke the game for many players. I'ld save my money until they fix this mess.Ill update he review as soon as they patch and fix their game."
76561198177885855,Not Recommended,268500,23538829,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Tyrone78008,"Save your money, this game is ruined by timed missions"
,Not Recommended,268500,23820955,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bojangles,"Frustrating and tedious.  I hate the changes they've made to the units, like the viper who can pull you out from behind cover and move you to the other side of the map, and the DLCs add such ugly items that you have to turn them off."
,Not Recommended,268500,24795111,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Papierkorb,"Short: In comparison worse than the first remake. Buggy, less fun due to strange physics and unnerving enemies.Long: Concerning Software, I really dislike that the mouseclicks tend to glitch a bit and my chars run to a different square. Meh. Worse is, I've had several times that the enemy's actionphase just.....pauses. It doesn't crash, it just hangs. So I had to reload the mission (not the savepoint, because it just repeats the prob at the exact same point).Smaller glitches like disappearing objects or wrong actionpoint are acceptible.Concerning content, (of course it's my taste) I really hate the 90% timebased missions (gaming-no gos: Pay to win, Waterlevels, Icelevels, Protectmissions, Timelimits!) as many others do. That there are unlogical lines of sight (my char can't shoot an enemy because there was a 1ft rest of a lantern pole) seems to be a USP of 3D Xcom   :PBut worst for me, and destroying my fun and the flow of the game, are the Special ""Alien Hunter""-Lords. They can react every time I do anything?????? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Maybe my fault for buying the DLC, but it made me stop playing the game a lot of times. Not comparable to Dark Souls Ragequits.Only the worldmap-stuff is more fun than in Enemy Within. Which is more likely to be replayed for me."
76561198081057355,Not Recommended,268500,26621866,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,corith21212,"Either everyone I know is astronomically unlucky or the game doesn't display odds correctly.Even if this game had odds relative to their display, it's still a wretched game. Extremely poor optimization, kamikaze AI, tacticless combat, unfair rookie/squaddie balancing for early game, AND less content with lower quality than their previous game.The story is laughable, considering Firaxis claimed to have a large focus on the story. All of the characters are very unlikeable, all talking over eachother with exhausting dialogues that have no relevance to anything. I'm guessing they'll also take the easy way out AGAIN and imply XCOM 2 was a string of failed missions to pamper their creative director's asses so they can reshah XCOM AGAIN and make another sequel.Look, I've never claimed to be lucky, but when you've pumped 55 hrs into a game, flawless it on commander, and literally lose the first three missions 50+ times on Legendary, I would consider someone mentally unstable if they DIDN'T despise this game."
,Not Recommended,268500,21080697,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kias,"All in all, a fun continuation of the Xcom series. If you enjoyed the first game, you will probably enjoy this.That said, if you are looking for big improvements on the first game, you may be disapointed. Much of the variety from the original (including the expansion) is not in the game. There is a really streamlined version of troop enhancements and MEC style troops, but it is not near as diverse or satisfying as the previous expansion allowed.Everything else is repeated pretty much right from the base game in a lot of ways except ship combat was completely removed. Considering that, it is disapointing Xcom 2 didn't do a bit more, but Firaxis as a developer is pretty well known for phoning in sequels these days. I don't mind that they didn't even attempt to improve on the interceptor game, but if it is going to be removed, players should see new content added. One could argue that the mobile base is that new content, but really it is the exact same base design mechanic as before with a different UI for interacting with the global map. That is about all it does.Also, the economy is actually pretty bad. Everything special in the game costs elerium cores, which is random drop only from enemies. In effect, you end up with tons of alloy and elerium, but nothing to do with it if you didn't save those elerium cores. It is nice that core upgrades, like switching to laser weapons (well, I think its called magnetic, but whatever) just upgrades all your guns and don't require individual construction.Difficulty wise, at least on normal/veteran, it felt a bit easier due to increased access to AoE, high damage ordinance. It really isn't that hard to get everyone sporting a rocket launcher in a reasonable amount of time and that is one of the weakest options available. A few other balance bits felt off as well, though the special weapons are satisfying to use.It could have been more, but it is what it is. If you want a fresh Xcom fix, go for it. If you can wait, then I would highly recommend waiting for a sale. As it stands, it is hard to justify this game as being worth full price."
76561198073269506,Recommended,268500,32871398,Posted: 27 June,all,xzvwarrior,"I personally rate this game better than the first. The mod scene for this game is thriving and is actively helped by the developers. Only gripe I really have with this game is the perfomance issues it has at times, but it doesn't really impact since the game is turn-based."
76561198009756358,Not Recommended,268500,21720642,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,nomen_meltdown,"I'll happily change to an affirmative recommendation, just as soon as the devs finish their work and fix the game so it works properly.  My system meets the minimum requirements, and yet whenever I play the tutorial mission (in order to start the game with Jane Kelly and a fully customized squad) it crashes during the Avenger arrival cinematic.  Every time.  If a person who wants to play the tutorial can't get past it into the game-proper, then your game isn't working.  Then there was the fact that smoke grenades didn't do anything, until a modder finished the devs' job.  Or how the ""permanent control of turrets"" described in the haywire protocol ability had to be corrected by a modder.  Or how your soldiers don't always fire on the correct enemy unit that you very specifically selected.  Or any of the multitude of other flaws reported by others.When the game works, I enjoy it, I'll grant that.  Well, except for the perception that the RNG *massively cheats* in the aliens' favour.  But the problem is, the game DOES NOT consistently work, and in some ways, consistently doesn't work.  And that experience isn't what I paid for when I bought this.Oh, and post-patch, the game crashes every time I try to load my save game.  Or start a new game.  So, basically my game is ****ing crippled by the ""fix"" for all the bugginess.  GOOD ****IN' WORK, guys!"
,Not Recommended,268500,22014065,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,purematty,"Massively disappointed. I would put xcom: enemy unknown/within in my top 3 games ever but this game i regret buying.As far as i can tell they havent updated the engine, still problems with multiple levels, multiplayer is unplayable and the plot of the story is different but everything else about the story is the same. The DLC for xcom:enemy unknown probably added more to the game than this."
76561198008433777,Not Recommended,268500,20995739,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sick Fayth,"very buggy- performance is a joke right now- lags, hiccups - the mission timer is stupid and needs to be removed -gorgeous graphics - torn between yes and no reccomendation..... save your money until its patched than go balls to the wall"
76561197994154643,Not Recommended,268500,21157258,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,litlfrog,"1) There are basic interface problems--times when the game indicates I should be able to move and act, but movement ends after my first action. 2) I'm running into the kind of gameplay balance issues I had towards the endgame of the original XCOM--wildly overpowered foes on the initial missions where I'm reloading over and over again trying to survive. Just not fun."
,Not Recommended,268500,21004056,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Zimskeeter,NOT A FINISHED GAME... DO NOT BUY i have only been able to play 6 hrs.. the 6 hrs were amazing minus having at least 30 crashes not only that my steam client freezes at the same game... my only question is WHY RELEASE AN UNFINISHED GAME FFS... hompefully my refund goes through... NOT WORTH 80$ I AM WARNING YOU DO NOT BUY THIS POS
,Not Recommended,268500,21154182,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Hest,"Though a substantial improvement on Enemy Unknown, this game carries over many of the bugs and design flaws from the previous game. Rookies are still useless, line of sight is more consistent, but still wonky and most of the game feels poorly balanced, the mechanics unpolished. So far, you're still better off buying Enemy Unknown / Within and getting the Long War mod, which offers a more balanced, better designed experience with more variation as well."
76561198029735444,Not Recommended,268500,21010513,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Synthetic Mode,"Screw Xcom 2. Why? Same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I have an ELEVATED, FLANKED position on an enemy that gives my sniper a 95% hit chance that rolls a MISS every time. This is the reason the first game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much. Once the game decides a miss...you WILL miss forever....reload all you like...the 95% hit chance means NOTHING once the game decides otherwise."
76561198021130374,Not Recommended,268500,21011026,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Jonno,Is it just me or is this game BROKEN!!!!Aliens shooting through walls!Walking through doors that are closed!Pressing TAB takes u out of the game to steam.ESC does not open menu somtimes in operations missions.Sometimes you move with no animations.Snake woman can pull you through buildins and objects WTF....
76561197993550436,Not Recommended,268500,21152226,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,✪ (<-ya i play esea bro) SoYul,"This game is a step down from Enemy Unknown, too many turn limit missions, laggy combat scenes (have 970gtx), the changes they made to the combat are actually worse. I've turned friends down from buying this game as i dont want my friends wasting money on something they dont need."
,Not Recommended,268500,21151698,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,CanSoup',"I, like many have found that this game has huge stability crashing and freezing issues on PC, that remain unresolved, Xcom 2 itself is a great game but until these technical issues are resolved I would not reccomend purchasing this for the PC. Mnay People are unable to play the game smoothly even on high end machines, and i personally have tried everything mentioned in forums and the 2k games knowedge base trying to stabilize the game-Veryifying Game Cache (everythime needs to reaquire files)-no usb devices connected (partial controller support causes hang ups)-deleting config and shader cache and reaquiring those-re-installed direct x from xcom2 redist directory-re-installed microsoft .net from xcom2 redist directory-re-installed vcredist from xcom2 redist directory-completely removeg my graphics drivers and software reinstalled and up to date-completely reinstalled xcom2 game and steam client-run as administrator-play on minimum settings in windowed mode-boost process priority from normal to high and realtime-etc etc etcopened a ticket with 2k and they were ""less than helpful"""
,Not Recommended,268500,21139261,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Kenyu,"Don't get the review wrong. The game is not bad actually. From the visual, stability and game design point of view overall it deserves the name XCom. It's in a decent stable state already at release day, which one can't say from the majority of games. Yes, it has crashes, yes there are bugs, but it's certainly playable (and thanks to auto saves, even if it crashes you just restart the game and continue from where it crashed).Still, I have to rate the game with not recommended.... And all of that due to two of the major game design decisions which for me personally don't make this a recommended XCom game:1. round limits in the majority of the missions2. the overall time pressure of completing the whole gameI always liked the game design of the old XCom games as well as the different forks which evolved over the time for allowing me to play in the speed and manner I want to (be it rushing through missions or just being quite sneaky and careful). Unfortunately at its current state, XCOM 2 does not allow that."
,Not Recommended,268500,20973945,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,IsTheOrderAFusil,"If I'm expected to produce 100% of the money for a game on the spot, with no negotiation, wiggling, haggling, or reduction under any circumstances whatsoever, than you, game company, are expected to give me 100% of the dang game. Now.Well, not necessarily 100. No launch will be totally perfect. But I definitely wish I'd heard about the absurd performance issues from, you know. Games media, reviews, people with pre-release copies. Unlike with other games, I figured a pre-order was a safe bet here, having watched like half a day of Beaglerush streaming it and thus knowing the gameplay will be awesome. But uh, performance.Every review, negative and positive, on the entire store-front mentions this issue. And since the game was pre-ordered, I'm pretty sure the refund window for people bitten on this has already expired. Funny how that works, huh? Honestly, I'm just a tiny bit relieved it really is a global issue with everyone on every platform, and not just my computer being too far behind the times yet.This review isn't about whether I love the new XCOM under Firaxis, because I do. This is 'should you buy this'. And if you weren't already big enough into it to put down the cash, then please don't buy this yet. Wait for them to fix it, if they decide to.EDIT: I actually waited until the morning after going to sleep post-launch to make this review, just in case there was some emergency uber-patch. As, uh, far as I can tell, nnnope."
76561198031937620,Not Recommended,268500,20990866,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Inzano,"I find the timers very annoying. And frankly, i see no reason for them whatsoever other than a reason for the leet's to tell everyone who doesnt like them ""get gud"". If you want to know what XCOM2 is like, go back and play a mission in Xcom and give yourself a 8 turn timer to win. If thats fun to you, you'll like xcom2. If not, stick with the classic....."
76561198097542282,Not Recommended,268500,34555665,Posted: 28 August,all,Kuro Amethyst,"Basically, Fracxis make you pay for the patches that would fix bugs and compability problems in the normal XCOM2 games. If you didn't buy War of the Chosen DLC, you don't get the patches."
76561198070567820,Not Recommended,268500,20998829,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Another-Angry-Asshole,"I have played XCOM since 1994 and was very excited about a real effort to keep it going.  So why have we taken steps backwards and not allowed weapons selection (among others)? On the weapon options or lack of any, looks to me that character options was more important than the actual game play so as far as XCOM multiplayer goes I will keep playing the last version."
76561198008822589,Not Recommended,268500,20989379,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Vetlon,"Not a fan of timers, nuff said. Fix it so it's optional and I will change my review. Another person suggested that maybe timers get delalyed until you come out of concelment, which would not be a bad idea. Don't want them to be removed for people that actually are enjoying them,  I just don't want to be rushed, I get enough of that in my real life."
76561198018144210,Not Recommended,268500,21039607,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,GingerNinja,This game is okay. But its not much of a step up on xcom enemy unknown with all of the same flaw like when you think that the ai has no angle on you to shoot but they shoot through two walls to hit you. this has happened to me many times. As well as new balancing problems like the sectoids where all of their abilities are 100% it just happens. I like this game it just needs some patches
76561197998468672,Not Recommended,268500,21012380,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[F]Ossoona,"TL;DR: Good, but buggy, not recommended for now - as good as the core game is, the bugs make it too frustratingMechanically, the game is fine - plays like the first one for the most part, with a few changes I would consider improvements, such as the ""Concealment"" system which - at least to some extent - makes overwatch crawling unnecesary for the first part of most missions.I, for one, like the ""dumbed down"" base building, seeing as in the first one, it didn't feel deep, it just felt needlessly complicated, but of course that's a matter of opinion.However, I've run into a lot of really annoying problems, mostly with the UI - not only does it seem poorly designed in a lot of cases, it also flat out breaks a lot. This includes stuff like not being able to click on buttons or icons for skills and mismatched tooltips.But I could deal with that stuff - it's just annoying, not really game ending.I will not recommend though, not until the number of bugs I (and apparently quite a few others) have run into.In my last session, all of a sudden, research and buildings stopped popping up when done. I didn't think much of it - the UI does a terrible job of conveying information at other times, so I figured I'd just misunderstood, and they simply weren't complete after all.But then I went to look, and construction timers and wound timers had gone into negative values - I had a facilty with a due time of ""-195 hours"", and soldiers with ""-4 days"" recovery, and I couldn't do anything with it, until all of a sudden I got spammed with alerts of completed stuff all over the place.In a game with fairly strict time and resource management, that's just not okay.Other than that, I frequently get ""blackouts"" during missions, where the screen turns grey with a red outline and only the HUD visible. The game still runs, and it will recover after a short while, but I just can't see what the enemy is doing, even though they're in my vision range.Then there's the framerate tanking, which I've seen quite a few people report here and there - it's simply atrocious. I'm running on a high end rig, I should not be seeing 15-20 frames.And whose brilliant idea was it to keep excessive screen shake in the game. One mission had a very strong shake throughout several of my turns. I kept my cursor completely still, but the shake of the screen meant that I was switching between 4 seperate tiles at random, making it really difficult to throw a grenade properly to hit 3 enemies.A lot of people are reporting crashes and shader errors, and the inability to quit the game without it crashing and mocking about - I get around this issue through the magic of Alt + F4.I want to keep playing, because the game is good. But the bugs are making it really annoying, and I will therefore in stead recommend picking it up at a later date.Edit: As a lot of people have pointed out, the game involves a lot of ""timed"" missions - many more than the first one. I'd be okay with that, if it didn't feel like there were just slightly too few turns to do stuff - if you step out in the wrong direction, you'll likely simply not have enough turns to get to the objective.I've rushed through missions, putting my soldiers in really dangerous positions and taking out targets as quickly as I could, but a lot of the time, they get reinforcements at the last second. So even when I rush, I usually get to the objective with 1 or 2 turns left, which is just barely enough for me to also ""activate"" the objective.The very highest I've had left (and I save-scummed on that one) was 4. The margin for error relative to the price of failure just seems off on many of the timed missions. But hey, maybe you're into that, in which case: Go nuts, you'll love it."
,Recommended,268500,26948849,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hellburger,"Solid base game with a focus on stealth, interesting additions in DLC, and a robust ""soldier dress-up"" system that only keeps getting better with mods. Highly recommended for fans of 2013 XCOM games."
,Recommended,268500,30993367,Posted: 7 April,all,I Wish I Was a Japan,"Launch the game, turn on legend ironman, and enjoy the most frustrating experience of your life."
76561198093215211,Not Recommended,268500,22532550,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Robertson Crusoe,"This game plays like a bad joke, literally. You will have the feeling that somebody is telling you a bad joke or that you suddenly became part of a trashy movie. XCOM EU/EW were pretty cartoonish to some extend, but this game feels like it is the Goat Simulator of the XCOM series. And on top of that, all the hefty bugs make it even worse.It all begins in the tutorial that does not seem to end at any point of the game. You will be FORCED to make dumb moves and you will be forced to let two people die in order to learn how the game works. That is the first ""haha"" in your face and the prelude of the horrible joke that this game actually is. The second thing you will notice is that you will be told that you are ""concealed"" which will grant you a huge bonus: The element of surprise. That is not only a lie, it is a joke in itself. Because the next thing you will do is, you will plan out your ambush. Only to understand that when you fired the first bullet, all the enemies grant one free turn, again. The worst things of XCOM EU/EW have been made even worse. There is no element of surprise. Once one of your guys fires/is spotted/jumps through a window, all of your units are unconcealed. There is no combined ambush, no group surprise attack.Than you will learn the next important thing: Hit chances are also a joke. A parody. Lines of sights are completely broken, the cover system has no purpose and the hit chances should just be ignored. This is the only tactical game I know that punishes the player for smart actions and motivates him to just randomly ♥♥♥♥ around. Really, once you stopped caring for the hit chances, your hits will skyrocket. Ever since I just took every 41% hit chance, my overall hits went up to 75%. Flanking is broken aswell. There is one effective way to flank the enemy: Put a soldier right next to him. The rest is highly ineffective or sometimes does not work at all. There can be a clear line of sight from 2 metres away with no cover in your soldiers direction and the hit chance is 35% without any flanking bonus. Oh, that is another joke: Ignore the lines of sight. Yeah, your sniper cannot actually see the enemy, but squuuuadsight. Just take the shot and watch your sniper aim at the air, firing through 2 walls and blast this stupid enemy away. It is a joke. A parody  afterall. So just do random stuff.The maps are small. In EU/EW the maps were small, but you had time. In this game, you have timers all over the place. Active timers, passive timers, non-sensical timers. If you don't have a clear 8 turns timer, you will face a situation where the enemies are already killing civillians/shooting at some sort of goodie and so on. That is a timer as well. Even the loot items have timers. ""It seems the aliens have programed their equipment to self-destruct"". This, ... this is one of those lines that actually made my laugh. This is the moment you know, you are watching a crappy movie written by untalented, lazy writers. ""How do we add more timers?"" - ""I dunno, man. Wait, how about we make the equipment go boom in 3 turns?"" - ""Awesome!"". This is so cheap, it is hard to talk about it without making this game look like a total piece of crap. And the game is littered with stuff like that. The soldier that does not hit from 2 metres away will comment his failure with ""Adjusting aim"". Yeah. You just can't hit♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't blame the gear. Your entire crew, whether it be the scientist, the tinker or the creepy guy that loves to call you ""commander"", will all lament on how you do not have time and you gotta rush, while you cannot do anything except listen to them, telling you in eeeendless paragraphs, that you don't have time. These contradictions make the game funny in a total unfunny way. You will be called ""commander"" all the time, but everybody will tell you what to do and the game will take away your control whenever it can.Sorry, I was talking about the small maps. Every map is a small rectangle. If you start in the lower right, there will be a troop of enemies in the lower left, the upper left and the upper right. That is it. End of transmission. To not trigger them all at once, so that 12 enemies get one free turn to get in perfect cover, you will always attack one troop full frontal. You have to. Time is running out and bla, bla. So, there is not much tactic in the game. You do what takes the enemy out of the game as quickly as possible.  So every map will be the same.Thin men suddenly became reptile aliens. I mean, just ... is it ... I cannot. That is dumb beyond any reason. The weakish thin men used their form to infiltrate humanity. In one of the cutscenes you see a thin man shaking hands with some sort of politician. A 3 metres high guy, looking like a giant. How can those people infiltrate humanity? And if they are viper things in reality, why did we not see any viper before? They are so awesome, they will pull your soldiers from behind full cover, through a wall and 2 cars across half of the map right into the enemy line. And than, you have another timer.The enemy AI is dumb as can be. It is not difficult to battle them mentally. It is difficult to mentally endure the artificial way this game was made difficult. If you fight a tank with a pea shooter, yeah, that will be hard. Impossible even. The XCOM AI is not smart, it will always take the same actions it did before. But is has better gear, does not care for your cover, has uber awesome skills, can take turns during your turns and when the glitches and bugs set it, they can even fly and melee attack your soldiers through walls and stuff. There are some enemies, that will have a turn every time you do anything. Literally anything. Or, when your soldier fails to hack the red light towers, the enemy does get insta-reinforcements. Right in the middle of your turn a spaceship will land and boom, here they are. All these facts combined turn the game into a huge, goofy parody of EU/EW. It will ask you to just rush and take dumb movements. Whenever you try to play smart, it will hit you in the face and go all ""haha"" on you. It will take away your control every ♥♥♥♥♥ing time it can. You will constantly switch between menues, because your scanning for this or that gets interrupted by ""hey look at me"".There is only one thing, this game is good for: If you like to create purple and pink pimps and strippers in pink fedoras with pink weapons, this is your game. Literally, that is the main strength of the game: The customization. It encourages you to go all joker on this game. And than you laugh yourself into stupidity while watching your pink grenadiers with sunglasses whip the enemy. Sadly, this is all there is. A big, fat, sad joke. A bad movie that plays a heroic soundtrack. A huge contradiction and sadly, if this has become XCOM now, I'd rather not see a third part of this series. I feel ashamed and insulted when I play this game. And that is why I could not force myself to finish it. I tried two times, I just can't endure all the crazy stuff I paid 50 bucks for.I would not recommend this game to anyone, at any time for any reason and price. A product, so flawed should be shunned."
76561197995026911,Not Recommended,268500,26240877,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Spirytus,"As an XCOM fan I think this is an ""OK"" sequel but frankly going from XCOM Enemy Within + Long War to this just didn't cut it for me. If Steam would have a rating system I'd give it a 6.5 ""Meh"". Wait until this is on sale.My beef with it is as follows:- Main story just doesn't grab you; The guerilla vibe quickly fades once you learn the ins/outs of the new globe game and the story is quite generic and riddled with plot holes that leave a dissapointing taste upon completion.- Visually the game is a resouce hog (I.E. it looks nice) but brings nothing new to the table in respect of map interaction and squad mechanics. Yeah sure there are new units/perks but under the hood its pretty much the same game as the original. Nothing revolutionary.- No reply value for me. Beat it once on high difficulty and you've pretty much experienced everything XCOM 2 has to offer."
76561198123123914,Recommended,268500,21024353,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Skyhunter,"Much more hard then the first.  But a blast to build each soldier and customise them.  The missions are a challenge, but once you get the hang of moving in shadows and understanding that shooting right off is often the wrong way to do things, it becomes so much more rewarding.  This game is a must have for those who are a fan of the XCOM games."
76561197978780062,Not Recommended,268500,21020532,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Demon '85,"At the time of writing this short review, it is pretty much unplayable for me.Crashes at startup.Crashes at the Skyranger mission loadscreen.Crashes in game (random occurences).Stuttering/Flickering.Tried various graphics settings, both low/mid/high.Tried forcing SLI among other things.Waiting impatiently for a driver update. Pretty bad, when you think about the fact that it costs 50€! and that the 2012 version of Xcom was flawless, for me atleast, on initial release.2x660 GTXi5 3570K16Gb Ram"
,Not Recommended,268500,20994550,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Zombieslayer197,I love Xcom 2 but the mission turn limits just spoiled it for me
76561198008844587,Not Recommended,268500,21019397,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,skinnzer,"This was... disappointing.Whomever decided this was the way to go has (obiviously) never studied asymmetrical warfare.<rant>In AW you pick targets carefully, and let them go if they get away.  The timers are, in a majority of cases, stupid.These are guerrila resistance fighters: mobility and lack of a foot print are key points to their survival.  You don't have homebases on the surface.  You don't have established colonies.  You're nomadic.  Anything stationary is trapped to offset the cost of discovery with enemy casualties.Just damn Firaxis, get it right, you're supposed to.</rant>On the more specific end of the spectrum, the arbitrary timelimit is stupid.  X-COM is a AW IP, where planning and limited gambling make sweet victory babies.  As it stands now, it's garbage.New map is cool, even if I don't know what half of it means/does."
,Not Recommended,268500,21016972,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Cheesecrunch,Riddled with game-breaking bugs
,Not Recommended,268500,21215165,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,2spookbike,"it runs terrible, and for a game that had as much money behind it as it did, it shouldnt have been optimized like hot♥♥♥♥♥easiest refund ever"
76561198122484862,Not Recommended,268500,21476569,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,sidneygilbert1981,I like many other members here am a longtime xcom fan.  I can not even start the game and this seems to be a common complaint online.  I would hold off buying this until all the bugs are worked out
,Recommended,268500,21005923,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SupSuper,Corporal rushes to save a civilian that ends up being a decoy that punches her face off.Sergeant gets insta-critted behind full cover.Rookies panic.10/10
76561198014032149,Not Recommended,268500,21692317,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Blom_Unit,"Excellent game, but currently extremely buggy.  Repeated crashes, each one necessitating reverification of the files, 20 minutes or so each time.  I think I've spent more time on that than I actually have on the game.  And this is to say nothing about the awful optimisation.  Once it's in a stable, playable state, I'd wholeheartedly recommend this, and at full price, but right now, hold fire.  Poor show."
76561197962721376,Not Recommended,268500,21016478,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lochmacher,"To be honest, it's not a bad game.  It's just not worth $60 and has issues that pervade the entire experience.-Feels rushed.  Still has the same issues as the previous incarnation and has balance and technical issues (slow downs).-Has moved further away from X-COM and more into the XCOM rendition.  It seems to have forgotten what made the old games great and is more of a linear story than the simulation that they used to be.-Everything feels ""gamey"" and artificial.  Over-simplified mechanics and lack of depth might work for a boardgame, but the PC should be a platform for greater complexity.  As it is, it is a pathetic shadow of games that came out over 20 years ago.-Lacks variety.  Tactics devolve into a set of stock manuevers that you will use ad-nauseum with little need to change.-The Geoscape is more reactive than proactive and you still have the ""you can only choose ONE mission and have to fail the others"" bullcrap.  Again, it feels arbitrary and dumb.  Why can't I have 2 skyrangers?  Why can't I have multiple squads en-route?-They've also removed interception as a mechanic, opting to have a mobile base.  Base building has also become more stream-lined, with no real choices for the player to make.  You NEED too many facilities and you're stuck in another ""satellite"" buying scenario in which you're wasting time, money, and space to build the pay-wall style crap so you can move on.I could go on, but the bottom line is:  buy Xenonauts, X-Com: Ufo Defense/Terror From the Deep, or even UFO: Aftershock if you're looking for a GOOD alien killing sim.  This is the dumbed-down beer and pretzels crap that they shovel out these days."
76561197969306491,Not Recommended,268500,20974581,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Captein,"Full of bad implementations, lack of polishing and optimzations, while it is expected that most of the bugs/freezing and simply not launching issues are going to be adressed soon, this game had plenty of testing time to actually completely avoid those, not to mention that since is a sequel, experience shouldn't be lacking, yet it does. How do every animation looks worse now? wont they ever learn? just pay attention to EVERY SINGLE dying enemy, the ragdolls are ridiculous. Lacks proper closure, explanations and is excessivelly supernatural even for an 'alien' game. Late game, you may ask yourself why you even need a gun when there's X Y Z factors present (i'll not spoil)However that is not the worst, X-COM is known for it's difficulty, and this one derailed badly on this behalf. Best case scenario, forced a challenging concept that should have been left in the 90's. Time or turn limit, whatever people want to call it, is the plague that affected this game even in before release, that wich is clearly a disgusting attempt to compensate for the terrible (brute force oriented) A.I. Pretty much the same as it's predecesor XCOM:EUBad review? so what else is wrong with it?-The game may simply not launch, forcing a validation check, that may or may not work-Bad support-Glitches, promotions sometimes simply do no work until going through the next mission (one last rookie ride maybe?)-Even on high end machines it stutters horribly-Every action has a 1-2 seconds delay, afterwards it may freeze for 3-5 second by the end of the action-Every cinematic has a ""hiccup"" or small freeze-Lip-synch is laughable-Animations are clumsy and not fluid, not to say that they actually defy the laws of physics-Shooting through walls/doors/windows and corners! never stay on a corner because it doesnt not block the line of sight as it should!-Melee attacks over walls/doors and windows as well...-The plot is weak, too many questions, not enough answers-Over supernatural even for alien stuff with kame-hame-ha shows going up and down.-Over novelized, terrible closure-End game armors/weapons are extremely generic-MASS EFFECT COMPLEX (this one assures a bad review by its own)Now so I'm not being biased or simply unfair, there are the pros. It's a newer game after all, the graphic is overall better but at some heavy hardware cost, the maps are beautifuly crafted, cannot lie about that, and the customizations is awesome as well, you could spend hours just customizing your squad with very unique appearances.TL;DR on top of the foul turn limit system, its plagued by technical issues and lacks the ""smooth and polished"" feel for such a title. Wait for patches and fixes, you won't be missing anything, and will save yourself some few gray hairs."
,Recommended,268500,33547298,Posted: 14 July,all,vhaeraunshade,"This is not your grandpa's X-Com. Yes there are some visual glitches, but the core gameplay and overall setup to this game are amazing. I have seen complaints that the story mode feels rushed, which it certainly can at certain points, especially if you miss a minor detail your first play through, however these can be solved with in game diligence or simple mods that adjust these settings that you can get through the workshop. If you like tactical combat and hordes of dead aliens, buy this, play it, miss a 99% chance to hit, rage quit and then come right back to it because you know you love it."
76561198161274249,Not Recommended,268500,21801094,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Úlairi,releashed on 5th feb. Did have preorder. It is 13th of march... still i can't even play the game. BROKEN! Complained at 2k forum....0 tech support contact. say a patch isnt here yet. Then why was a 60 $ AAA game here! wasted 3000 bucks and also 30 gb or soo of download which took me about a week.
76561198094594298,Not Recommended,268500,21878722,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,xrom2501,"Well..... I'm just not even sure what to say.  I loved XCOM Enemy Unknow, but this is rediculous.An enemy in the open and flanked with a 90% chance to hit? MISS!My squad in cover being fired at from across the map? CRITICAL HIT!It got to the point where it was laugh out loud aweful.I should have waited for it to go on sale, but I was so excited to play it that I just went ahead and bought it. Horrible decision.Graphics: not really better.  To me they feel like something I would expect in an indy game. Glitchy and it didn't look, to me, like an improvement on EU.Game Play: Not bad. The move counter gets annoying when you have to rush across the map to do something, but it wasn't so bad that I disliked it. It's turn based squad combat and I like that. I did like the new stealth aspect, but it kind of seems useless when the enemy gets to make a bunch of additional moves(see below).AI: I really feel like the Advent soldier's either had an unfare advantage, or my squad was just the unlukiest group of soldiers ever.  First off, when you trigger the enemie's awareness of you, they get a free move for some reason.  So the ambush you spent many turns setting up gets ruined. Second, their aim is impeccable from any position. And finally, they come at you in such large groups, even in the beginning of the game, that the fact that it takes 4-5 of your squads shooting at 1 enemy to kill them makes it infuriating.I think I'm done with the game for now.  I will take a look at it in a month or 2 after some updates have come out to see if it has gotten better.3/10 would definitely not pay $60 for it again."
76561197970629814,Not Recommended,268500,21879882,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Pnass,"In its current state the game is unplayable for me. Yes yes, I KNOW there are 'fixes' for it. Trust me when I say that I have tried them all. Nothing works. Although I do get a FPS booast from some of the tweeks, but that's just turning off most of the graphical effects.Currently, the game locks up when a mission loads. That moment when your team is about to jump out of the ship onto the ground. Just locks up. The back ground music plays but nothing happens. Tried everything. I am sure that they will fix it at some point, but I've given up. It's been a full month since the game released.It's not like I am playing it on a potato. I have a AMD 9590, 16GB of DDR3, 290x, and running off a SSD. Sure it could be better, but it's hardly anything to scoff at. My point is, the game should not have been released like this. I have got maybe 2-4 hours of game play on this. I tried to get my money back but I keep getting denied because I have logged 13 hours. Most of that was just trying to get the game to run correctly or at all.All that aside, this game could be great when it's patched up. But as it stands, it's not worth the $75 I paid. Not by a long shot."
,Not Recommended,268500,21039894,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Phatcat,"Out of the box this game is too hard. To many random elements can thwart your playthrough. I would not recomend this to anyone new to the franchise. Even if you were like me and thought XCOM Enemy Unknown was too easy, this may be too hard on ""normal"" difficulty. Mods may improve the experience, but its too difficult as is."
76561197991799558,Not Recommended,268500,21846419,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Zebrati,"See I had high hopes for XCOM2. The first game of this re-imagining was fun, hard but challenging. Managing weapons, fighting aliens, hard bosses but plenty of ways to get around all the challenges.XCOM2 though...well were to start.No difficulty curve. It starts hard and does not ease you in. Hell the tutorial completely cripples you if you try to play the game with it. Now I know what you're saying. ""Oh but this is xcom toughen up."" NO ♥♥♥♥ you. Orginal excom hard was managing money and council nervousness and soldier skills not, throw what used to be an end boss mechanic in your second level. The lead dev even addmitted this. They made it harder at basically the last week before launch. (Because as we all know nothing says a well thought out game then a lass minute decision that completely underminds the entire programming of it.)Another thing their head developer admitted was that all of their testers hated the timer mechanic. Remeber in this imagining of it? That rare timed mission? Thats now 50% of your missions. Oh each tester said. ""Stealth to timing mechanic (which mind you makes sense) was not fun. So what did they do? Got rid of the point of stealth and just started the timer quicker for each mission! Bravo dev team for NOT GETTING the point. Head dev's responce was literally. ""Well I don't want to say, thats what the modding community is for, but that can be used to change your game."" Because if you ship a broken game, its best to let your fans fix it. Good plan. A round of applause.Now about that no difficulty arc. Balls out hard can be fun. Oh I love a challenging game but this is just hard to be hard. Dont belive me? Remeber how in the first XCOM game there were two units that could scurry all over the map and pretty much instant kill you? Thats now most of the units. Psi powered badguys that can mind controll you? Available second level. Snake men that miss tonging you close from half a map away and then still be able to shoot poision at you? Check. Mind you this was on normal mode. Not the highest difficulty.Worse there is more stripping down of base mechanics. ow instead of an armory where you need to have more than one weapon or armor, you just research it once and BOOM suddenly everyone has it. As a rare plus, you can now place mechanics about to speed up projects and construction. There is no council to appease, so your mission decisions barely affect you. No worries about losing support now you stop ""bad events"" which really do not hinder you. If they do? I have not noticed.Blah blah blah. I know too many words. Here it is in short. Don't buy till on sale if you really want it. Ive had to break my save scrub code on this game and that pisses me off with all the promise it had. I see little replayablity and Ive honestly put it down and walked away from it for long periods of time twice now something a new game should never do."
76561198028094023,Not Recommended,268500,21534982,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,az42,"RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.As a big fan of Enemy Unknown, I am througly dissapointed. All the good things of the original and tactical gameplay are now gone. Replaced with lots of timed mission rushing and rng. Game has basically 2 modes - super easy snore fest or unfair save scum or you die mode.-Shots hit through walls-Psychic enemies knowing your location at any time-Timed missions eliminate any need for tactics (just rush and hope someone makes it to the end)-Can be beaten easily if you persistenly save scum, but what is the point of that."
76561198056911884,Not Recommended,268500,23824072,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,kittanablaide,"I am an XCOM fan ever since XCOM Eneny Unknown. That being said, I cannot recommend this game. Although the gameplay itself and the wide variety of options avaialble make the game engaging, the game's instability makes its excruciatingly frustrating. The game crashes constantly despite the fact that my rig meets the recommeded specifications and despite the numerous amount of patches issued by the developer. It is really unfortunate that such an inherently good game is plagued with such issues."
,Not Recommended,268500,21216562,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Arasine,"Turn timers and even more dumbing down (feels like a console game for kids). Less concern being given to adult gamers with this franchise, shame.Too kiddy - tacticsToo samy as the firstI can see through the direction here; Lets make everyone an infant as making games for infants is easier therefore more profitable. :PIts not a bad effort, just too simplistic and one trick horse for real fans of the genre."
,Not Recommended,268500,21014728,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,tussio,"Hating it. The amount of BS I've already encountered in the first 3.5 hours is turning me off almost entirely. If I suddenly become interested in torturing and abusing myself, I'll come back to it. For now, I'm thinking this is going to be uninstalled... wish I hadn't spent $80 on this♥♥♥♥♥♥I also want to mention the amount of androgyny in the game. It's too much. Most of my female recruits come in with boy hair cuts, male recruits with pony tails, all the ""female"" advent troopers. It's just too much and comes off to me a social engineering. How many thousands and thousands and thousands of years has humanity been around? And how many years are we now encouraging women to try to become men, and vice verse. Not natural, not wanted. Salt if you want."
76561198007576875,Not Recommended,268500,21827960,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,kj,"I got this game in March of 2016 and it is still unplayable - multiple posts state they have been unable to even get past the first mission due to a game breaking glitches.  Very little character customization and very little difference from the previous xcom, which I would rate as far superior in feel and performance to this game (even though I can only base my experience on a couple of missions and a modded version that skips the game breaking tutorial crash bug).  I'd wait a good long time to buy this and keep an eye on the discussion boards for if/when firaxis patches this game and makes it playable.  Modders may be able to fix this down the road as well but it is not worth the money right now."
76561198004773168,Recommended,268500,21056380,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ironoak,"Overall, I love this game. I like that the mechanics didn't change much from the last one (it wasn't broke, they didn't try to fix it). I like the concept of us eing guerilla fighters with less resources. I like that they dropped the pretense of the crappy fighter minigame. I like the new aliens. I like the mission types, the maps, the character generation... so much of this game is right. But I would NOT be giving this game a perfect grade.First, lets talk bugs. Firaxis, I love you guys, but STOP releasing your games in buggy messes like this. My first playthrough failed because scanning for resources froze on two days left, while the Avatar Project kept ticking. My soldiers STILL get killed by aliens that shouldn't have line of sight. The Viper's constrict animation makes my soldiers and the Viper appear at random locations on the map (even though I can still shoot the Viper normally). Stahp eeet!Next, my biggest problem: Pacing. It's FAR too hectic. I'm certain some of the problems I'm having with being overwhelmed has to do with my unfamiliarity (shut up I make my own words) with the tactics of the new overmap; but I know that's not all. There's not enough supplies to keep upgrading, getting new troops (when you can't find them, which happens a lot), and building add-ons to the base. This makes me leap at every supply event I see, except I get interrupted several times during those scans by missions I really can't ignore. Not to mention the Avatar Project, which lights a huge fire under your♥♥♥♥♥ I would like that aspect, but on top of all the other craziness just makes gameplay on the overmap stressful. I don't want to feel stressed out by the game I'm playing, it sours almost everything else.I'm sure there's more I haven't found yet, but those two aspects of the current game need to be addressed I feel, and not with mods! Mods are great, but they shouldn't be used to cover up bugs or basic pacing problems in a game. It's still early yet, Firaxis, you have time to fix this."
76561198119748150,Recommended,268500,21059210,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,thecoletrain128,"Xcom 2 is an incredibly addicting game and I've had just as much fun with it like I did with Unknown. That being said, two grips I have with it are some performance issues and the idea that not everyone will like the fact that the game is a little bit more streamlined. The game suffers from frame drops but an easy fix for this was to switch from MSAA to FXAA. Since then, I've had little to no issues. As for the streamlining, it's not so much of a problem with me persay but I know that series vets will have a bigger issue as base management is not nearly as big as it was with Enemy Unknown. Also, if you have played Unknown or Within, make sure to switch the difficulty to at least veteran (at times, if this mode felt a bit easy). Don't get me wrong, the game is still dificult but the first two difficulty options can at times make the game feel like a cake walk.With that said, I think this is one of the best ways to open the new year with because their are so many aspects I enjoy about Xcom 2. The direction of it's story, little changes with the classes, the unique enemy types, bigger focus on surprising foes through ambushes and so on. It's the reason why I keep coming back to it and it's already proving to be one of my favorite games this year."
,Recommended,268500,21042611,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ZealotOnPC,"One of the best strategy games I've ever played -- apart from performance. Hopefully Firaxis patches those issues soon but it's playable at 60fps on lower settings because other than those stuttering issues and FPS drops, this game is perfect."
,Not Recommended,268500,20984049,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Malitor,"I did not want to, but I had to request a refund. My game and character saves would disappear every time I exited the game. I made sure to run as administrator and checked my directory permissions and made sure that nothing was marked read only. Very disappointing. :("
76561198143458494,Not Recommended,268500,21693661,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,"Its not Delivery, its Digiorno","I like this game, believe me. But in the current state the game is in, i dont think its worth buying.Pros1. Incredibly challenging, as the game forces you to make decisions you may or may not like, which gives you a feeling that i cant describe to you2. Gameplay is solid, using turn based strategy and combat.3. Unique enemies to fight again, no longer copy and paste swarms of zerg, or crafty eldar4. An immersive story, which makes you feel like your actually playing and fighting for a cause5. Tons of customization options, make your soldiers look like friends and family6. The game is very moddable, and still lets you get achievements with modsCons1. The game runs like crap, even with people who have monsters of a computer. The game is very poorly optimized. Live through minimal graphics with twenty to thirty FPS to single frames per second with high graphic options2. The AI can sometimes be really unfair, or at other times a complete idiot, walking right into your overwatches3. The game has too much RNG, watch as a single ADVENT runt dodges almost every shot, and crits your soldier, gravely wounding them4. The game will sometimes stop after encountering a certain thing, and after a short pause it will tell you something you will mostly ignore5. Bugs and glitches galore6. It would be nice to have a 'Versus Mode' where one person plays as the ADVENT Coalation, and one as XCOM. XCOM would research new technologies, while ADVENT would be able to have aliens in their strike force.In Conclusion, i like the game, but i strongly suggest that you buy the game later in the year, when it will be more optimized, the bugs ironed out, and possibly rebalances in multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,268500,21840594,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,supaphat,"This game is very buggy.  I've had more problems resulting in having to reinstall direct x (5 times) and verifying the came cache (4 times) than any other game I've played on steam.  From in-game voices and mission updates not playing (there's always a huge awkward pause for what I'm guessing is the duration of those), stuttering, and crashes.  Not to mention the inaccuracies of the accuracy.  To test it, I decided to look at a miss that I had 75% accuracy with.  I reloaded the game 15 times and took the same shot from the same place in the same number of steps to get there (I have no idea how they set their ""random"" seed), and they all missed.  How is that 75%?  lolAll of this really pulls you out of the immersion of the game.  I'm not done with it and I don't even care to finish it.  Firaxis let me down, here.It doesn't matter how pretty a chair is if it struggles to stay up.(If you're curious about my rig, it's not bad.  390x, fx8350, 16gb ram)"
76561198076462808,Not Recommended,268500,21034863,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dolphan159,Game hangs frequently and crashes to desktop. Seems like a good game the small amount of time i've actually been ably to play it. Id recommend waiting for a patch to address the technical issues.
76561198030421459,Not Recommended,268500,21030343,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dudeinthenet,"Game sucks.Every PC game with controls designed and optimized for crappy consoles sucks.And everything else of this game is only mediocre.Shame on me, riding the hype-train.Edit: I don't remember when the last time I played such an unbalanced game.Rush around the world...after more hours of 	""enjoyment"", game still sucks. Frustrating."
76561198039464106,Not Recommended,268500,21039856,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,belward,Id be fun...if it started.
76561198006654669,Not Recommended,268500,21083619,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,exaltedfan,Game is broken and won't even start.
,Not Recommended,268500,21443852,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AxioN,"At this time, due to the number of graphic issues, gameplay bugs, crashes, and overall lack of polish, I cannot recommend this game. It was released way to early and lacks QA. If these issues get addressed in a future patch, I will update my review."
,Not Recommended,268500,30666165,Posted: 22 March,all,TheWorst,"The game looks and feels good, but it crashed on me so many times until I gave up.(For the records, I got a 970 and 16GB Ram, so I guess crashes were not due to low specs).Frequent crashes are also documented in LOADS of threads around the web (even official website) so I highly recommend you not to buy it.And just when I thought I couldn't sink any lower: on relaunching it last time, my savegames were nowhere to be found.Unplayable."
,Recommended,268500,21046632,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DIOM,better then expected! 10/10
76561198036668645,Not Recommended,268500,21072038,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,maddogphil696,"I am giving this game a no, though it has huge potential it has been horrible squandered. It might be salvagable with heavy modding or masive alterations. i would have prefered to give it a average revew but that is not possible hereTHE BAD1.the only improvement they have made to the tactics is the timer (on arround 80% of the missions) that forces you to throw away tactics and simply run full pelt toowards the objective most of the time.2. enemys can shoot you and often do through solid walls and can see you no matter what the lines of sight are.3. Apart from the odd ocation the enemy runs away they are all predictably dumb following the same procedures no matter what the situation (most often heading to cover and shooting even if falling back would be better)4. The only time you can get a suprise round is at the beginning, and once that is done with as soon as you see an enemy they see you regardless of distance or positioning.5. These points mean that the combat is simply a re hash of x-com enemy unknown, with new units and equipment, and if you do not get the right resources on the world map you are totaly ruined. (no enginers when you need them ever)6. The huge amount of glitches, press the overwhatch button and fire at the enemy, press fire and reload. thankfully these dont happen that often. but the frame rate drops are horrible as well as the eternaly long load screens (The huge amount of time you spend watching your squad in the transport waiting to deploy is rediculous).7. Poor late game Story, The early story is good and brings you into the game well (play the tutorial mission) but the end game story tells you nothing, and explains even less. It is a blatent set up for anouther game or an expantion and ruins what little stroy there is.THE GOOD1. Widely customisable characters with changable languages voices and aperance as well as attitude means you care if they die (sometimes)2. When they are running well good graphics and battlefield sound (listening to wanted posters and good ambient aperance of missions)3. Potential masive potentioal, with steam workshop support from the off there is potential for the  combat issues t be fixed by comunity mods, and maybe if there is enough work make this the A Star game it could have been but only with a lot of wotk.In conclution, this game is alright not worth the full asking price by a long shot, and not as fun as X-com enemy within/unknown, or as tactical as the long war mod for said game. the only redeaming feature is that it could be made into a good game but that is really it."
76561198032213815,Not Recommended,268500,21572516,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Exwin,"I was excited about Xcom 2, like really excited, even bought the Bureau for something Xcom flavored to scratch the Xcom itch until it came out.After a couple of campaigns restarted because I just wasn't feeling it and a couple dozen hours, my feeling about Xcom 2 is, Meh...It's not that it's a bad game, I don't hate it, but I find that when I'm playing it, I'd rather be doing something else..."
76561198008787116,Not Recommended,268500,21575178,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,wmd2011,"XCOM2 is a solid turn-based strategy game, and I really wish I could give it a full recommendation. However, as it currently stands there are a number of glaring issues with the game that need to be addressed before I can do so.1.) The game is a poorly optimized buggy mess.Frame rates are wildly inconsistent, and character animations are hilariously buggy (falling through the ground, breaking already-shattered windows, guns firing while on the back of the soldier, teleporting to another part of the map while being strangled by a viper ect...). The kill-cam is arguably even more buggy now than in XCOM: Enemy Unknown, especially when using abilities that initiate multiple attacks at once.2.) The UI is genuinely awful.Fraxis chose a concise and ""stylish"" look for all the important information in the game at the cost of the players. Damage estimates always show the highest possible outcome causing players to make poor attacks, what constitutes as flanking is completely unclear and not apparent before making a move, soldier skills are not viewable in the deployment menu,  the difference between ""one-time"" projects and ""for all soldiers forever"" projects in the workshop are not made clear, and information regarding the aliens outside of their health on the battlefield is never viewable by the player (what does ""battle frenzy"" even do?). No wonder many of the most popular mods are simply UI fixes.3.) Gameplay is enjoyable, but suffers from some minor issues.For the most part, the gameplay is enjoyable. If you liked the previous XCOM's gameplay, you will like XCOM2's gameplay. However, it carries with it the same problems of its predecessor. Firing angles are still bizarre and unclear; sometimes you can shoot through walls, other times your soldier cannot fire at an enemy clearly within range/view. Difficulty remains wildly inconsistent, with the early game being challenging, the mid-game unbearablely hard, and the end game being a bit too easy.The most controversial new gameplay decision is the addition of various turn timers to most of the missions. Whether you would like this or not really depends on how you play the game. If you like slow and methodical gameplay, you will probably hate it. Thankfully, not all missions are timed, so you still have some diversity in playstyle.In conclusion: unless you are a huge XCOM: Enemy Unknown fan, wait for a sale before buying this game. Right now it is an unpolished product that needs a lot of time and work before being worth full price."
76561198160499203,Not Recommended,268500,22147527,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,steon.67,"My biggest problem with this game is that it will not accept commands from my XBox Controller.  I bought it only so I could use it in the Original X-Com Series, and now it isn't supported...  I'd go back to playing X-Com: Enemy Unknown if only it would Play on Windows 10!And it takes too long to load a mission, or return to base from a mission...  Is it downloading the files each time?Since you only give a Yes/ No for recommendation instead of a maybe... I'll have to go with NO."
,Not Recommended,268500,22070423,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Goris,"These people did 3rd(?) game on same engine and it is still bugged as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Im not talking about performance, crashes, or hw compatibility, there are many game-process bugs, which caused me 50+ game reloads in one playthrough. Targeting bugs, interface hangups, reappearing walls(orly?!) etc...Do not buy it, unless you are pureblood beta tester in 3rd generation."
76561198008455652,Recommended,268500,20982632,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Wintermute,"First thing you need to know, combat mechanics are pretty much copied from part 1. Same infuriating, pre-calculated RNG, same LoS issues. I'm not sure if there is flying armor in this one, but I bet it will be just as horrible as i remember it from EU.Second thing, the game is stupidly hard right out of the gate. You are playing bunch of hobos fighting alien military (with borderline cheating skills sometimes), and it will make you want to throw the monitor out of the window. Once you manage to claw your way to better gear and ranks, things will get more enjoyable. You will still get horribly wiped, but at least you will be able to return the favour.Technical issues are present, but they don't affect the gameplay, and in general don't make me want to tear my eyes out. They will be patched anyway.Notorious timers, while annoying, aren't too stressful - you can easily finish them with 3-4 turns left if you play aggresively. Global map timer, while intimidating, for now behaves pretty much as panic levels in previous game (including reverts).With all those things said, game improved in pretty much every aspect. Economy is more interesting, soldier progression is hugely improved. Fighting is definetely more ""interesting"" as well, for better or worse. Most of problems are either temporary, or inherent to the series. Highly recommend it."
76561198004755812,Not Recommended,268500,20987823,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Black Blood,Utter garbage. If you want XCom and you havent played Long War go play that. Wait until Long War can turn this into something worth your time
,Not Recommended,268500,21790585,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,✪eLemeNt19,Don't buy the game its illogic AF waste of money and time
76561197974907718,Not Recommended,268500,21584098,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,WhiteSnow,I highly recommend this game WHEN is fixedSadly I cannot recommend this game tho i love Xcom and i need to say Xcom 2 looks and plays really well but...The game crashed multiple times before i was able to pass intro...I was able to play for no more than 10 minutes into the mission before it freezes and i have to alt-ctrl-del each time...Not to mention that steam restarts the game automaticaly after that but game never starts it just loading endlessly...I bought my Xcom2 before its release date hoping to enjoy it as much as i enjoyed the first one but im really disappointed because its almost a month since its release and i still cant play it without freezes all the time.I feel cheated by the developers...this game shouldnt be released in this state as its not early access or beta its a finished game that sadly doesnt work.Btw there was a patch but it didnt change anything regarding mentioned problems.
,Recommended,268500,21202348,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,davf591,this games awesome! you wont regret it.
76561198053356269,Not Recommended,268500,21916319,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ratzoff2ya,I want to give this game a positive review but there are too many ♥♥♥♥ing bugs and not enough have been fixed and the game has been out over a month. Its not safe to play this game on Ironman because of the bugs.
,Not Recommended,268500,22261380,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,GeauxTi9ers,OMG!!  Bug central....  beware....
76561198038260614,Recommended,268500,26150251,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Gera,"How should I put it in the simplest of terms...? X-COM 2 really likes to slap the player over his stupid face. If you are a little confused by what I mean, please understand that these words are not to be taken as a complaint or a sign of dissapproval from my part. I actually thoroughly enjoyed X-COM 2. It is – without exaggeration – one of the best, if not THE best turn-based strategy I played in this decade. It is thematically refreshing, cinematic where it needs to be and tactically demanding. And by 'tactically demanding', I mean hard as ♥♥♥♥. Yes, you heard me correctly; so if you consider yourself to be a rather casual player of strategy games, you should sit this one out. This game is cruel and unforgiving; I had to restart my campaign after 14 hours of gameplay just because I had made so many tiny mistakes along the way that, when accumulated, they created a scenario that was unwinnable. Nevertheless, if you take your time, learn from your past mistakes and never cease to improve your tactics, you will, eventually, experience one of the greatest feelings – beating the game for the first time. And for a while, you shall feel truly unvincible... I mean, until you try the Ironman mode and get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you all over again.TO SUM UP: If you love great strategy games with brilliant micro-management, complex systemics and you don't mind turn-based combat and a difficulty setting that will never give you a break, don't you dare waste another minute and go buy this master piece of modern gaming."
76561198022434019,Not Recommended,268500,23179648,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Panda,"Game while fun and entertaining at first, at some point becomes boring and tedious chore. Also with game like that you shouldn't be having game braking bugs (like being unable to finish mission objective) and obstacle detection is **** (characters shooting in wrong direction or braking windows behind them while shooting strait ahead. 3/10"
76561197975605855,Recommended,268500,21094727,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,***KNATHRAK***,"These were the longest, most intense 68h I've had. Starting on the day the game became available, I fought frustration, fear, anger and fatigue as my scientists studied new alien technology and deciphered important intel; my engineers built facilities to support the war effort; my contacts dabbled with the black market in a desperate search for needed supplies; and my soldiers fell on the battlefield, not knowing if their sacrifice would make a difference in this struggle, but certain no life under shackles was worth living.Yes, after that insane game marathon I have finally beaten the game. A moment of rejoice as my 4-day Carnaval break is endind and I have to go to work 4h from now. But I couldn't stop before it was all over. It is time to savour my well-deserved glory with my wife and the real world. That is, until the next campaign starts and I pause life for another 68h or so.10/10."
76561198015236417,Not Recommended,268500,25082790,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BigDaddySutton,"I REALLY tried to like this game.  I'd heard so many good things and I was anxious to play it.  BUT IT JUST WASN'T ANY FUN!The story line kept forcing me into missions I knew I wasn't ready for.  I was constantly running out of power, running out of COMs, running out of supplies, running out of scientists, running out of enginners.  Everytime I attempted to address these things, I was forced into another Top Priority mission, and I would get even further behind.Which brings me to the combat.  Losses and wounding are part of the game ... I get that.  But the same problem with physical supplies ... it would take DAYS for a soldier to recover, and everytime I tried to accelerate it I was forced into yet another mission.   On the High Priority Advent missions, there were waves and waves of enemy reinforcements and my fixed number of soldiers would just get shredded.  Fighting with inexperienced rookies was a nighmare, as they would routinely go into a panic and run away screaming, leaving you a man down.It was an endless circle ... can't train soldiers without Training Facilities, which you can't build without engineers, which you can't recruit without supplies, which you can't accumulate because you keep getting forced into missions.I read up on different tactics and approaches and I even tried starting the game over a couple of times.  The game was a big disappointment ... I like to play games for fun, not punishment."
76561197992737874,Not Recommended,268500,21595116,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Subtrafuge,"A fun game that is unfortunately plagued by poor performance and bugs. I expect better, and would tell anyone to hold off on purchasing this until it is on sale and the bugs are fixed."
,Not Recommended,268500,21602953,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ramenjesus,"TLDR: if you love xcom1 and really wanna play this, wait for the price drop to like $5, if not, skip this game and just replay xcom1. xcom1>>>xcom2First off, i loved xcom1 to death, first time i played xcom1, literally finished it in 1 sitting, 20hrs ( who need sunlight) and was like wow, i must have more, bought the dlc, whats in it? just additional things (new units) on top of the main story? what?! YAY replay the game enjoyed every bit of it.So, obviously when xcom2 was released, i was excited for it, mad pumped, bought it and played it right away, did i enjoy it? not one bit. why? yahtzee's zero punctuation review of it sums it up nicely, they kept the goodness of xcom1 but the annoying bits stayed and became more glaringly obvious, so much reliance on rnjesus, and they introduced this thing called DODGED: DO LESS DMG than expected, and this happens annoyingly often, EVEN when the hit rate is expected to be 100%. how is that even fair? i planned every bit out, checking all the hit rates, expecting to clean them, lol nope rnjesus gives you the middle finger and makes you do much much less dmg than expected. i thought i was playing a tactical game, not diablo.and honestly this game shouldnt even be a sequel, it might as well be a dlc, its essentially xcom1 with ONE new unit, and a different story, which lets face it, isnt really that important in xcom. on top of that, they removed some of the good stuff in xcom1, wheres my archangel armor man?! additionally, they made arbritary changes to the base management, and money collection etc, allowing them to extend the gameplay hours, which honestly is really annoying.if i could i would definitely like a refund of sorts, this game definitely isnt worth the full price for someone who have played and enjoyed xcom1, it justs feels like a bad dlc (caused they removed some fun stuff and added more annoyance)."
,Recommended,268500,21040105,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Vexing Vision,"I had a team wipe the first mission after the tutorial.I had a near team wipe the first time I encountered a Codex, with only one survivor on her last hit point.The Gatekeeper took out three of my elite soldiers and injured my main Psi Operative.It's XCOM, baby, and it keeps surprising me by how much better the AI is at doing things now. So good. Also, the Secoids are genuinely scary. As are the troopers. And the new mutons. And everything, really.I'm going to play this for a long, long time."
76561198121308662,Not Recommended,268500,20993329,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Goat God,"Xcom is a fascinating game, and if you like(d) it will motivate you.But the game is too unpredictable to be fun. If you come up with viable tactics it will somehow cheat on you, and break its own mechanics. This is frustrating, because your are not versing just Aliens. You are also versing the changing game mechanics artificially."
,Recommended,268500,20969678,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Calibrono,Excellent game true to XCOM traditions.♥♥♥♥♥♥poor performance. Willing to suffer through the RNG *and* fps drops? You're in for a treat. Otherwise wait for Firaxis to optimize and patch it further.
76561197970836303,Not Recommended,268500,22870217,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Fermey,"Echoing what others have said, the turn counters in this game are utterly annoying and unfair.  I have never cussed out a group of developers while playing a game, but I do it every combat mission again and again."
76561197993898700,Recommended,268500,21069837,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Cash Money,"This game is what small team strategy is all about. Your squad being constantly under preasure and outgunned, Xcom 2 captures the Chaos of war as you must adapt and overcome a dynamic battlefield. Do not expect to bring everyone back home, Xcom 2 will punish you and test your limits with the loss of your highly custimizable (and  often named) characters.  Despite the frustration of loss, youll take your beating and keep coming back for more.Multiplayer needs work, the servers are shoddy at best and there is no punishment for someone who just drops out mid match due to rage. Also blade master rangers in multiplayer are a little broken as they will quickly take advantage of untouchable after easily closing distance and slaying oponents troops."
,Not Recommended,268500,21117543,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Gorthag,Really poor performance and buggy on a computer that far exceeds the recommended specs.
,Recommended,268500,21533510,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SλNTλ,"XCOM Is probably the most engaging game I've played in recent years, and XCOM 2 does great justice to the franchise. Let me break it down to pretty bullet points for you, in case you need help deciding whether to purchase this.PROS:- Strong theme and backstory, quite a mysterious plot.- Looks awesome, art direction is exquisite.- Tense! Some battles can really get your heart pumping.- Interesting mechanic for the strategy map.- Deep and fun soldier customization.- Diverse enemies and mission objectives add variety.- Long campaign!CONS:- Bad dice rolls can be cruelly unfair. Part of the game, tho! It's XCOM!- The first run (with the tutorial ON, that is) is too frantic for my taste. I like to be left alone.- Has some performance issues. Firaxis appears to be working hard on fixing them.- I've seen a few glitches and quirks. Bugs, that is.- Rather pricey, considering the above.CONCLUSION: 9/10, would name my gunner ""Silvester Stallone"" again."
76561198008466188,Recommended,268500,21626821,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Matt Chat,"This is the best game I've played in a long time--it truly sratches the itch. There's always some great new, game-changing upgrade just a turn or two away; maddeningly challenging (but not unfair) battles, personality, and a scenario that you can really get into (alien occupation and human resistance).I really liked the previous XCom as well as the classic Xcom. If you enjoyed those games, I don't see why you wouldn't like this one. If you're not familiar with the franchise, imagine a turn-based strategy version of something like Deus Ex. Don't be put off by ""turn-based."" This game isn't boring at all, and you will APPRECIATE the time it gives you to plan each move, because each move counts. This game isn't about actions per second; it's about contemplating every possible move and choosing the most viable option.One last thing--most games, even ones I enjoy, I look forward to ending them and moving on to the next great game. With Xcom 2, though, I put off the story missions and tried to stretch it out as long as I could. I would've put quite happy to play for another 20-30 hours, and am already looking forward to whatever DLC is planned for it.In short: Great buy, even at full price. Money well spent!"
76561198288554986,Recommended,268500,23134676,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hiko Seijuro,"The animations gel well with the tactics. Positioning and well timed Overwatch moves are the keys to victory in this game. However, if one wishes a flawless victory every time, thsi game is not for that person. Also, be prepared to save after every move, because it could lead to a potentially bad situation that either kills off or cripples your choice soldiers. There are crash issues with animations freezing the game at times, and the framerate is choppy, but despite that, there is a mod for almost everything in this game, which makes the replayability go up by a factor of 10. Also, if one is not careful, he can get destroyed even in easy mode, something that sold the game to me, just like Divinity OS.If you have hours to spare, like customization and management, and are a fan of turn based combat, this is a must buy.Aku - Roku - Zan"
76561198008860617,Recommended,268500,21067744,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Reaver,"So after several hours of gameplay, I can honestly say I recommend this game and love the new changes.  I played XCOM: Enemy Unknown and Enemy Within as well so I will give an honest review of the game.Quick Overview of Pros and Cons:Pros:* Really really fun - Matters because reason we buy and play* Good solid graphics* Great strategic play - Well thought out - Better than XCOM: EU/EW* Lots of options makes for very diverse play* Lots of maps - Really good maps/variety* Extremely immersive gameplay - You feel like you are trying to save the human race/world* Surprises, twists, and mystery - Great story telling so far* A large range of different enemies to fight* Mobile base and travel is well done and you have to make hard decisionsCons:* Could take some learning for new players - you might die :)* I did find one bug in the game during play so far - It was while in base, under the armory tab, and happened during customizing my units.  When I clicked on the ""menu back"" button it would not back out of the menu.  I did eventually get back out by switching to customizing another player and was then able to use the menu back.  Have not been able to duplicate this bug, only happened once.I know some do not like the ""time limit"" or number of turns you have, but I really thought it added to the game and made it a lot of fun so far.  It is an immersive element, you need to accomplish some parts of some missions fast and I liked it.  It gives some depth and weight to your choices on the battlefield and it makes sense from a story telling perspective as well.  It is well done, should try it before you mod it out imo.I know some have experienced some performance issues, I have not.  My system is good, but not top of the line.  If you have a below average system you will need to upgrade to play this game.My system:* i7 4790k* 8GB Ram* 120 SSD (game not on SSD)* 1TB HD* AMD 280 with 3GB video memPerhaps the current AMD video card drivers are better for this game than the current Nvidia drivers - I don't know that, but perhaps that is why some are experiencing some lag/stutter issues.*I have not had a single crash or freeze with this game.Overall this is a great game and extremely fun to play!  Lots of ways to customize and it's just a blast to play.  I think it is well done.  There are some out there that say it is poorly optimized, however most are probably not programers or developers.  I have electrical engineering and computer science experience and it seems fine to me."
76561197971897366,Recommended,268500,20968857,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tool mad duden,"So far, with five hours of gameplay, this game seems to be everything I ever dreamed of and maybe even better!The level of detail gameplay-wise is absolutely stunning to me, and it is bound to become even more stunning once the modding community gets up and running, which, as far as I can tell, will be very soon indeed.I do have a few quarrels though. The minimum requirements seem to a bit of an understatement as I, with the I-7-4790K(4 Ghz quadcore w/hyperthreading), the Geforce 760gtx with latest driver, which should be far above minimum requirements, and 8 GB of ram, is experiencing a significant amount of lag. I am certain it is just a matter of optimization, and I hope this will be fixed in a few weeks.Even with the lag this game is almost a ten out of ten'er, but untill it is optimized I can't give this game more than 9/10.Great Game!"
76561198006571940,Recommended,268500,20988494,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,THeG00sE,I love this game. It takes everything that was great about the first one and builds upon it. The graphics are incredible and general uneasy feel of the story is pretty unique. Sure there are some choppiness issues and it takes a bit for people to move but it is truly one of the best stategy games to come out for some time.
76561198040753783,Recommended,268500,20969286,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,HipHobbes,"Contrary to other gamers I did not experience crashes and severe FPS drops but I can hear my computer on a heavy workload as if it were some high-end FPS game. Seriously, this game desperately needs some optimisation.And I get it: As a resistance you have to operate on a time limit but the constant turn timers force you into a certain play style. Gone are the days when you could position your soldiers for maximum effect. Snipers almost are a redundant class. Streamlining is one thing in a game. It is another matter entirely to artificially inject a sense of urgency with game play mechanics limiting your range of tactical choices. Thanks to some quick modders you can now set up longer timers or remove them entirely from the game which basically is a bloody cop out. The devs simply included too many of those timer missions early in the game which is rather unfortunate because that's when your squads are at their weakest compared to the alien opposition. Any mistake in keeping up concealment is punished mercilessly by this game. So you find yourself inching forward with the waypoint movement system. Even worse, this whole system of forcing you into quick movement tactics is counterproductive when you reach later stages of the game. The key story missions don't have timers and you'd be well advised to dust of your old EU skills of slowly advancing your front line.So what's the bottom line? Well, XCom 2 is a good game at least in theory. The enemies are varied and each species presents their own specific challenge. The timers are bloody annoying but you can get used to them. The real problems come from the bugs in this game. When you see your squad go to hell in an ironman game because one of those snake creatures can pull your soldier through a door and two floors, then you feel your frustration level rising because you were not defeated by a bad move but by a bad game engine. Sure, with some experience you learn to expect certain bugs and work around them but a truely excellent game would not force me to reserve some head space in order to avoid problems which shouldn't be in the game to begin with.pros:- interesting and varied enemies- a real tactical challenge- a good UI- a competent AI- tons of customization options- compared to XCom 1 a greater choice in missions- steep learning curve as the game is brutally unforgiving (if you want a challenge)cons:- still some performance issues- still some glitches especially with the detection and line-of-sight system- the game forces you to adopt a certain playstyle in order to succeed (at least early in the game)- melee enemies have unbelievable range- steep learning curve as the game is brutally unforgiving (if you are new to the game)"
76561198102783154,Not Recommended,268500,22031551,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Spingitore,"My first review on Steam and sadly a negative one.I bought XCOM 2 full of hopes, having read almost only positive reviews on Steam (I just noted that this has changed heavily in the last days, (lesson learned....) and with great expectancies for theDefinitive XCOM Game.All vanished after just a few hours of playing:The MISSIONS are based almost purely on luck. Particularly in the case of missions with a limited number of turns, there is no tactics involved, only rushing and hoping not to stumble in the wrong place at the wrong time. Often the missions end up being a Die-ReloadLastTurn-Die-ReloadLastTurn-Die feast, which I hate and is a horrible way to play this kind of games (but the only effective way). I never did this in any other previous chapter of XCOM or UFO.But what I hated the most, was the complete lack of freedom of the original UFO series which is definitely lost: you have to follow the plot that the devs have planned for you, no matter what.This used to be a great game about tactics, resource managing and freedom of choice.All of this is dead now, what is left is a very standard mainstream game, with good techical programming and very poor gameplay.I am SO disappointed."
76561198068825109,Not Recommended,268500,22281665,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,anderson4889,"Worked flawlessly prior to last update, now it no longer works at all and crashes on startup. Avoid at present."
,Recommended,268500,21385194,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Kelso,"An exhausting, brutal and often-times unfair battle against a superior opponent.But what else would you want from an XCOM game?"
,Recommended,268500,21258272,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Exciting Jeff,"I can't imagine why someone would enjoy XCOM but not this. The timers are not particularly onerous. The gameplay is excellent and refined. The game remains challenging throughout. Another masterpiece from Firaxis. Sure, you can wait until they patch out some annoying minor bugs, but don't let anyone's negativity prevent you from playing this spectacular game."
,Not Recommended,268500,28176435,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Hunter0x,"In short summary: This game is glitchy for a AAA game of its status. The actual gameplay can be fun a times, but the player is CONSTANTLY racing againt the clock to finish a mission. Its fine to have a doomsday clock, but it is introduced into the gameplay of xcom much too early, to the point where all of your resources are being spent on expanding territory instead of on squad bonuses. At the time of this review, it will be my 3rd attempt at the game, already facing armored mutons with basic armor and weapons with no high ranking squad members (All the good ones are 20+ days recovery). Its fine to make a hard game, but even on the 2nd highest difficulty, this is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198074092659,Not Recommended,268500,21093651,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,tsrsmail1,"i was really looking forward to the xcom sequel.  i even pre-ordered which i quit doing long ago; now i remember why.  the gaming press is in the bag for the game companies.  I looked through multiple pre-release reviews and there was basically no mention of bugs or what is at times, completly illogical enemy behavior.  for example the game interface works fine on my laptop, right untill i dock it and use my mouse.  now when i mouse over a button it dissapears before i can select it. that's annoying but i can work around it until the hot fix but what i can't get past is the often completly moronic responses of the advent troopers.more than once they've advanced on my position to get a nominally better shot on one of my squad but expose themselves to another squadie.  several times i've had an advent trooper move from a firing position to a burning vechile, ensureing they die after taking thier shot from the explosion.  because they move with no hint of self preservation it's like you are fighting an OP zergling rush.Even that wouldn't be so bad but your squaddies fail about 80% of thier will checks, often creating a cascade failure that is irrecoverable because you're (seemingly) always fighting against a timer.I could probably even work past all of this but i get the stong feeling that failing at any one mission will start a larger failure cascade in the larger game and i don't think there is much of chance to recover once your (nominal) grip on the situation starts to slip.I understand this is supposed to be harder experience and i even embrace the idea but if failure is such a constant  the game becomes a chore.  I've got 6 hours into the game, and i've yet to see the fouth promotion skill for any class because none of the squaddies stay alive long enough.   There is no point in spending time customizing a squaddie if they are going to die in the next mission or two.  the only reward for good tatics in this game is that you might not get completly boned by the crazy enemy behavior, but i wouldn't count on it.The base control suffers from constanly haveing to stop one thing to go to another section to start a new research project, restart a scan that got stopped for the 3rd time, re-assign an egineer, move your ship, deal with a concil alert, and on and on and on.I'm going to table the game until the patch comes out, hopefully fixing the interface and nerfing the will checks a bit.  If it becomes fun i'll write a new review but right now it's just a gigantic dissapointment."
76561197973450271,Recommended,268500,29026642,Posted: 4 January,all,bastirei,"XCOM 2 is an excellent successor to XCOM Enemy Unknown/Within. Never having played the original series, I cannot judge how it compares to them, but if you enjoyed Enemy Unknown, you will most certainly enjoy XCOM 2 as well. The strategic combat is still very interesting and challenging, and so satisfying if you manage to pull it off just right, and the different difficulty levels as well as mods make it very replayable.If you enjoy turn-based strategy, I highly recommend giving this a go."
76561198045941473,Not Recommended,268500,28645480,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,bandac,Still not working properly.Aways crashing with or without mods. Why did i buy it?
,Recommended,268500,21191244,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Camzo,Great customization! You are able to write detailed backstories for all of your soldiers now. It hurts even more when your favorite soldier dies.10/10 all my friends are dead!
76561198007342013,Recommended,268500,27775765,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Longshot PC,"I feel this game should win the ""Test of Time"" award because you can always try different, harder campiagns, duke out against your friends and, my personal favourite, add people you know in real life to the game, making a badass soldier out of a not-so-badass person. I hyped myself up about the game a month before it came out with the previous one and I've always come back to the game for some sci-fi strategy."
76561198053232801,Recommended,268500,26924657,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Random,A solid continuation in the greatest series of turn based tactical games.... XCOM.You really should try it out.
76561198242638712,Recommended,268500,32965297,Posted: 28 June,all,D Chick PR,"After playing non-steam in-game (until story end)Review :*This sequel form X-com enemy unknown.Gameplay:Turn based strategy , still like XC:EU, controled 4 - 6 troops, move cover to cover, shoot and dead. +stealth mode  before you shoot some alien and get revealed by enemyStory :After lose at Xcom 1, now Xcom must fightback agains alien, with old comander ( you ) and old team ( guy who talk to much in game and baldman)for main story, estimate 20 - 40 hours, depend difficulty you choose and how understand you playPros :+ HARD, even normal mode+ more mode than 1st xcom+ more customization+ old gameplay still in here, with major upgrade+ Steam workshop (mod)+ Download longwar 2 if you have 500 hours free*+ 1xcom alien, now has been grown up (specialy for pink alien)Neutral :/ Graphic is good/ easy for setup weaponCons :- weapon get weak , need to research alien tech 1st, human seem lazy to make new tech exclusively- No car, no tank, just drone with gun- still need more army class- need more updgrade skill each class- after long war 2 mod come, this game just like opening (10% from that mod)My point 8.5 / 10 Recomanded (must buy if you like Turn based strategy)Update 1 :Please play pure version of this game, for intro. After done the story, you MUST download long war 2Long war 2 review :to MUCH upgrade of the game, more feature, and much better than original DLCfeature :8 squad each missionmuch new mission in the gamemore enemy will face, but not as hard as boss alien DLCnew weapon, and new fun"
76561198003659909,Recommended,268500,29155274,Posted: 9 January,all,Viktor,"Just as good as the original. you'll still be hard pressed trying to keep your squad alive, your base afloat and still struggling with landing those 99% hit chances. If you are new to xcom, no need to have played the first one and their does come a difficulty setting. Great tactical TBS game with Great character customisation/upgrades aswell as topnotch story and cutscenes. Deffinately a game you will find yourself comming back to even when is all said and done."
,Recommended,268500,20977042,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Elf,"Finally, the Sims 2: Guns and Aliens dlc is here."
76561197993251909,Recommended,268500,21052672,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jimbo,Game of the year 2016! A brilliant sequel
,Recommended,268500,21117943,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Krags.,"A much more dynamic take on the XCOM:EU formula, absolutely love it."
76561197969919209,Recommended,268500,27107670,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PolyhedRON SWANSON,"X-Com 2 is the game I wanted for so long, and was so glad to receive.  It is definitely an iterative update from the previous game, and with the harder enemies, the new class skills are satisfyingly devastative, and I feel a bit more urgency in the overworld map, along with less anxiety about ""losing"" a continent to aliens.All in all, a great game.  If you enjoyed the first, I think you'll be able to get onboard for the second."
,Recommended,268500,32864371,Posted: 27 June,all,telmo_camargo,"One of (if is not the ONE) my favorite games on Steam, much better then the first XCom in almost everything. Waiting for the new DLC."
76561198059448904,Recommended,268500,32966337,Posted: 28 June,all,Slim the bard,"Ok, so if you have played enemy unknown, then this is basically the game execpt, A. With a coat of paint fresher than that one pimped out guy's house has and B. Sightly more rage inducing than a news reporter saying that video games are bad when they have no idea what a console even is. The first thing you do is learn how the game works which is basiclly a hand holding section where you are forced a near sqaud wipe. 10/10 Fire, then again, what have they learned, the first game had the same exact thing happen so hey, who knew bradford was compentent. Then you deal with people who are either so good with weapons, they can use a shotgun as a sniper rifle just fine and do good♥♥♥♥♥♥or you get stormtroopers on a terrible day vs. yoda on a amazing day depending on what difficulty you are on. If you are on easy/normal its not that bad and is enjoyable but legend is as hard someone's than a mercy main's gentials after back to back 5 man resurrections. They revamped the psionics class greatly having it be its own thing now and make them very good. The psionic troopers would have a balanced level up systems if it weren't for the fact that they made them have a chance to learn later abilites earlier allowing them to become about as overpowered as pro Meta Knight vs. a level 1 ai Ganondorf. The story can be put off to screw around with some other features but the game will force you to continue the story eventually by making you ""do"" certian things to increase the amount of ""time"" you have on a ""timer"" but is otherwise able to be paced to your heart's content. Overall though the game is decent and its worth at least a look at longer than the attention span of an average baby with a new toy."
76561198044101306,Recommended,268500,32868651,Posted: 27 June,all,KnightLowBrass,Most fun I have had in a long time difficult at times but thats what makes the game a fun and exciteing to playwould recomend to any one who enjoys a good long fight and haveing to focus on the whole battle then the war  while trying to keep individual soldiers alive
,Recommended,268500,32963124,Posted: 28 June,all,Eleanor Amaranth Lockhart,"Y'all don't need me to say what everyone's been saying but XCom 2 by itself is the best squad tactics game, out of the box, in what is unfortunately a very small genre. When supplemented with the Long War mod it is in my opinion simply the best tactical game of our time. A big part of this is story - it is fundamentally a saga about resisting global fascism, and it gives you a real sense of urgency and importance. Highly recommended."
76561198046603999,Recommended,268500,32935686,Posted: 28 June,all,Marco Fisher,"I played this game a lot, mostly offline. I love this game, they did a really great job on it. My only two problems with it are no co op, which is really a missed oppertunity because this game would be a blast with it. And the other is way too many timed missions. Im not trying to be a cry baby here, and i get what the developer was trying to accomplish with this idea.  The thing is when you have 75 percent of missions being timed you throw away the approach a situation tactically part and instead make the player have to bum rush the enemies all the time. Being a strategy game i was not alone on my viewpoint of this idea. Now if you guys wanted to put timers on these missions i get that,  but you really should have given us enough moves to try out some varied approaches and if those didn't work we can then have just enough time to rush. Thats just my opinion on it, but hell its your game and i respect that."
76561198235565040,Recommended,268500,33038588,Posted: 30 June,all,evan3849,"I have not played XCOM 1, but I did played the original UFO and TFTD years ago.I find this XCOM2 game to be surprisingly good. Great graphics! and lots of great mods to choose from.It took me like 3 restarts to know how to develope techs, and how to spend the resources, but as soon as I got a hang of it (basically postponding blacklist missions for as long as I can), I started having a lot fo fun without too much pressure from the time clock.I would recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,268500,32968614,Posted: 28 June,all,AyeFortuna,"I bought XCOM 2 on a summer sale. I won't lie, I was sceptical.After playing it for around 12 hours straight two times in a row I must confess,I don't regret a thing.This game isSTUPIDLYaddictive. It can beSTUPIDLYdifficult. But holy crap it isSTUPIDLYfun.I never knew blowing a hole in a shop wall with a 4 meter tall mech and flooding it with bullets killing everyone inside could be so damn rewarding.XCOM 2 is by far my favourite strategy game. At least for now.It puts strong emphasis on positioning, synergy and overall tactics.One wrong move, one crack in your patience and you're paying for it.The best part is when you train a squad, spend time playing them and get attached to them. Just so you can mess it all up and kill half of them leaving you feeling like sh.it.Ironman mode is where it's at in my opinion. It makes your choices matter unlike playing without it where you can just load a save.This game does have somewhat of a steep learning curve, but with time you will fall in love with this game. Just as I did."
76561198070245722,Recommended,268500,33023024,Posted: 29 June,all,N F i n i t y ™,Really good tactical based game. This and the first XCOM got me to like turned-based combat and get back into strategy games. Well done
76561198003589036,Recommended,268500,21074381,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,T Swag,"This game is set in present day Madagascar and you play the role of a middle aged, quick witted roguish like character (whos devilishly handsome by the way). Nolan North's voice acting once again stuns as his quick wit and impeccable delivery coupled with his masterful acting ability. The gameplay is as you'd expect, third person, coverbased, keeps you right in the action at all times as you run swiftly between cover barely escaping the depleted uranium flying over your head. The story is serviceable, nothing spectacular but gets the job done. I'd recommend this action packed cover shooter to any gamer in the gamerverse whether it be a seasoned veteran or a rook looking to wet his whistle. 3/10"
76561197988841041,Not Recommended,268500,23624600,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,hanging.wednesday,"I really, really want to give a positive review for this game. I've played every XCom game to come out from the time of the 90's PC games.  This one is  fun. I enjoy the new setting. The pressure to not be a slow-boating Overwatch-obssessed player.  EVERYTHING ABOUT IT.BUT, half the time when I succeed in a mission it randomly decides that soldiers I brought have been captured. All the aliens are dead, no one is mind controlled or stunned etc. I can reload from the beginning of the mission and try again and the SAME soldiers will be captured. The only solution I have is to load from before the mission, play it through again and then hope that I didn't have anyone randomly captured.Many people don't seem to have this issue though, so you might really like the game. I'm even more irritated that I couldn't be one of the people who did."
76561197964276889,Not Recommended,268500,23640944,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Lord451,"If you absolutely loved the original XCOM (by original, I mean the new original, the one that plays exactly like this one), then buy the game.Otherwise, the game is exactly the same.  They tweaked a few things, but this game plus the expansion should hardly qualify as an expansion at all.  I got the game on sale and still think I was ripped off.Nothing is added at all.  No genuinely new mechanics, a few things got ever so slightly tweaked, and as I played, all I could think was ""I should play Xenonauts again.""  If you enjoyed the original X-Com, Enemy Unknown, grab Xenonauts.I can't recommend this game."
76561198291357796,Recommended,268500,33119335,Posted: 2 July,all,+SuperJesus+,"""THIS GAME IS TOO STRESSFUL ITS FULL OF TIMERS AND I CANT TAKE IT! ""-Every negative review.Ok this game is a hard game. Xcom is about learning and having your decisions matter if you build the wrong building first or take too long to do something or have half or more of your core drop team wounded for weeks it can mean the end of your campaign. How do you solve this you ask? SAVE! I learned after playing Enemy Unknown that you wanna save after every mission and have at least 4 saves so if you screw something up or realize you built the wrong building or lose a team member or whatever you can go back.My first playthrough of Xcom 2 was about 16 hours before I realized that I could build the guirilla tactics school and increase my sqaud size lol So I took out 2 black sites and did all sorts of missions with 4 people and I was thinking ""DAMN! The negative reviews are real! This game is way too hard!"". Needless to say I have a new one going and Im doing just fine. Your decisions matter in this game and know your resources and what you want and plan ahead.Now the TIMERS! THE GOD AWEFUL DREADED TIMERS! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! Ill be completely honest here guys they are alittle stressful and it seems like when you first play that there will always be timers and the avatar clock haunting you. After you rid yourself of the first 3 black sites (make sure you make contact w/ territories leading to them or the ones where they are FIRST!) the timer is basically at zero then you have to do 2 skull jack missions after you decipher the codex which subtract 3 bars each or 2 for one and 3 for the other and you have alot of breathing room. For me I didnt let the avatar project go past the halfway marker, I would take a black site out matbe get alil resources upgrade something then go to the next and it was EASY! Especially with more than 4 member in your deployment team lol And Im not gonna go into the mission timers with the whole 12 turns to do this becuase if you cant do it or dont know how to reload an autosave after fudging up then your worthless.This is the BEST XCOM game ever made! The graphics are great, the game is more cinematic in its presentation and has a pretty awesome storyline and good characters. One of the best parts is customizing your team and you'll find yourself getting attached to them and even developing individual playstyles for each and it adds a great dimension of psuedo role playing to the game. There are ALOT of guns and different kinds of armor and ammo and items and research and buildings for you to tool with and it helps keep gameplay fresh and fun. Theres also some base building aspects to it where you upgrade and clear out debris from your comandeered spacecraft and can setup and crew facilities to give you bonuses or access to new research. This is a well polished game as well, alot of the people who sucked at the game made alot of comments about bugs but there are none that I've seen, I mean in the idk 30-40hrs I've had one crash big woop! The enemies are VERY diverse and numerous featuring old throwbacks from previous Xcoms and new edition like these hulking mechanical suits holding small frail xeno in stasis chambers protecting them from the atmosphere and insane faceless men that look like giant creepy melted ken dolls with!So to sum it up can this game be stressful? Yup, but mostly that is in the first 7-10 hours of gameplay so its more of a hump. Does it have a steep learning curve? Absolutely, Im a Xcom lover and even I fudged my first campaign even with saving alot but thats Xcom! Its a challenging strategy game where your decisions matter and the fate of humanity is on the shoulders of a rag tag group striking facilities and supply lines! The game isn't buggy and it runs well and is alittle more GPU heavy from what I can tell and if you wanna go past 4x MSA your gonna need more than 4gbs of vram. This is already gonna be one of my favorite games and I can see myself coming back to it over time like I did Enemy Unknown. The challenging aspects of this game give you more of a sense of accomplishment after struggling through adversity and coming out on top and seeing the avatar project degrade or losing your core team and watching abuncha rookies pull you through a tough spot with the clutch.Rating for average gamer 8/10Rating for fan of xcom/strategy games 9/10 EASY!Its everything you love about Xcom refurbished and upgraded and expanded and streamlined with no DUMBING DOWN! A MUST BUY FOR STRATEGY OR XCOM FANS!"
76561198026913459,Recommended,268500,21193456,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,troublmaker,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLsmeVkSSacIt was questionable as to whether or not they could make a game that is superior to the original.  The first game was really good and its expansion gave you more to do with the original game.  Without a doubt this game is... more of the same thing.  Which isn't necessarily bad.  It's different which allows you to play differently, but for the most part it's the same thing.Many of the enemies have had stats adjusted and have been reskinned, but for the most part all of the enemies are the same.  Some enemies can burrow now.  They've added stuns as a mechanic in the game.  They've removed some moves from some units and given some new ones to new ones.  The enemy unit composition although feels different, is roughly the same.Instead of having to worry about managing countries and slowly losing monetary support from countries you're instead building up a resistence network and can only lose support if you lose a defense mission for that area.  To keep you entertained there are 'pick ups' on the map that you can pick up over time while waiting for enemy attacks or waiting to progress down the rabbit hole of the game's storyline.I think if you've played XCOM before this game is worth picking up.  If you haven't played XCOM before you might want to just pick up XCOM instead and perhaps pick up this one after you're done with the first."
76561198064820088,Recommended,268500,31546059,Posted: 4 May,all,frizzeldian12,Great game. Fantastic graphics with fantastic depth of strategy. Would def recommend this game to anyone! Has a storyline that keeps you on edge wondering what the aliens will do next a few... surprises in store for the over confident player! Plus the workshop mods help add content and new enemies
76561198000096248,Not Recommended,268500,21005655,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,KeV,"As a player that likes a calm and sloooooow aproach to missions, XCOM 2 is just not for me. That's the reason i refunded it after 2 hours.Behind the timers, there is a nice-looking and probably good game, but bugs and this design choice to limit playstyles is not worth 50 euro to me.And before i get attacked with ""duuuuurrr, there's a mod for that!!!1!"": I know that. And it's actually saddening me even more, that modders have to do Firaxis' job to make the game accessible for more players. That doesn't make me regret my refund decision. It actually encourages me that my decision was right for me.I'm sure that alot of players will like this approach, but it's just not for me, which is completely subjective. Everyone who enjoys XCOM 2 can do that. i'm not going to bash you for your opinion"
76561198034238053,Recommended,268500,25991786,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Justy,"The overall experience is solid - but.I understand it's not easy to live up to the kind of success the 2012 XCOM inarguably was, but there is a way it shouldn't be done, and that is making a major part of the sequel consist of a slightly different retelling of the original. It's not that I mind the retcon, and the dystopian society certainly has an appeal, and XCOM2 is nowhere near the lazy reskin that was the 1995 TFTD.Still, once the initial freedom fighting and customization high tapers off, you start to realize the storyline is seriously underwhelming, and the way the game has you running around the clock both in the tactical mode and on the geoscape mostly serves to distract you from how barebones everything is compared to EU+EW.It's another step down in complexity compared to the originals (which weren't overly complex to begin with, despite what many people claim), and this time it hits harder. There's a line between streamlining and truncating. I believe XCOM 2 has crossed it, and not even the constant ticking of the clock can conceal the fact. Sure, you can still choose a plethora of approaches in the tactical mode (mostly thanks to the skill trees, this time bordering on magic even more heavily), but other than that the game is reduced to something akin Pac-man. Unfortunately, the DLCs that could have been the game's saving grace are also very hit-or-miss, trending on the miss with the exception of Shen's Last Gift. Comparing any of them to EW is just out of the question.I enjoyed the game a great deal, so I can't but recommend it, and I look forward to any major DLCs that might expand the gameplay further, but as it is now it just isn't worth it for the full price."
76561198034941991,Not Recommended,268500,21326177,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,deathdrh,"I would love to give this game a good review but I just cannot do so with the current condition that this game is in. Even after the patch the game has frame rate issues and crashing/freeze issues.As a long time Xcom fan I am very upset with this release. Poor optimization is one MAJOR thing but it is not the only issue.Fanboi's can attempt to defend the game problems by claiming people do not have ""Highend Systems"". This is a turn based game that in all honesty should not require much in the first place. I have a ""Highend PC"" and I am still dealing with these issues.To those still unsure if they should buy.... Wait untill they fix the issues and save yourself a TON of stress."
76561198044093513,Recommended,268500,33238837,Posted: 4 July,all,werox,probably the best turn based game
76561198057817953,Recommended,268500,33350908,Posted: 7 July,all,Khaja,"43h of enjoyment just to go throught the campaign in veteranwould defenetly replay it & try dlc / multiplayergo it on sales, but defenetly worth it full price"
,Recommended,268500,21126777,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Scarletwing,"A type of game that likey for self persuasion ""Just, one more mission before bed"", only realise the sky is bright and sun is shine when the final boss is defeated."
,Recommended,268500,32860070,Posted: 27 June,all,Bone R. Mobile,This game will consume your life
,Recommended,268500,32947173,Posted: 28 June,all,laggyteabag,"This game is an absolute master class for turn based strategy games. Fight aliens, grow attached to your soldiers, and watch as they are picked off one by one, lost for ever... unless you just reload your save every time like me.This game also features fantastic mod support. Ever wanted to command a squad of elite Spartan super soldiers from Halo? Well you can. Want to spend half a month on one play through? Get Long War 2.I honestly cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198025378185,Recommended,268500,32965775,Posted: 28 June,all,MajesticHomosexual,The mario rabbids prequel is great
76561198099088193,Recommended,268500,21208933,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ninjathedino3,"This game improves on xcom enemy unknown in almost every way. Within two days this game has become my favorite game. It always keeps you on your toes and forces you to make hard descisions. R.I.P suicide turret #74 ): This game is a great choice if you love strategy games, but if you are a person who is all about FPS games and super fast-paced action, this game might not be for you.This game's main weakness is that it takes an amazingly powerful computer to run. All in all a 9/10 for me."
76561198052884890,Recommended,268500,20986060,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,happy,"honest (p)review.7 hours is not enough to judge a game like xcom2, yet it's enough to notice things.performance issues can affect a few players, apparently most are not affected.the game is neither unfair, rng is rng, neither too difficult.the problems i see are deeper than that.the game has been streamlined, and it does make it poorer.little details such as no stat button in mission, profusion of timed missions(i don't mind them at all, not complaining), cheesy concealment system(you can sneak with 5 heavy machine guns...) add up to what this xcom2 really is: a rather casual experience where action is encouraged .why not? action is fun, but it's even more fun when there is a little tactical depth in it.i' ve tried a bit the second level of difficulty(out of 4), you can't die, believe me, i ve tried. you can just sit there in the middle of nowhere and get flanked and crit and still have hps left.xcom was less forgiving.on the third difficulty(what would be classic), it s a bit better, i haven't died yet, it may be possible to get one shot, probably on a max roll that crits. but it is way easier than xcom on classic.you might argue that xcom2 being easy is not a big issue since it's highly moddable.yes, but we havent seen what the tools really allow to do yet, from forums the feedback reports modifications that can't be made, this is alarming.it's a bit of a concern when you notice in game that the very popular character pool system doesn t save your preferences, when you notice you have 56 colors for guns but 5 very very similar faces per gender and per origin.firaxis failed to deliver what it promised: high level of customization.there are plenty of options,but you will only use the same few.if the mod tools allows xcom2 to be shaped into what an xcom fan expects, then, hell, go buy it, the game is decent after all, and it will get better.but if the mod tools are not what we expect(for example, you can only enable/disable timed missions, not set their occurence...)from what i ve seen, the strategic layer is no better than xcom, its even shallower.ummm, i really wish this game turns out good, i really wish i understand how deep it is in the next hours.i dobut for now, after this preview i strongly advise you to wait, not long, just the few days it ll take for people to really find out what xcom2 is made of.and what its potential really is.EDIT:review now positivexcom2 is quite nice, unlike xcom EU, it gets more challenging as you play it, therefore it deserves a positive review."
76561198072692680,Recommended,268500,33146053,Posted: 2 July,all,Kvori,"Alright guys, XCOM 2 a beautiful piece of strategy art. You are ""The Commander"" and you have to lead the resistance against aliens. Seems pretty cool to begin right? Well i can tell you that it is.One recommendation: buy the deluxe edition, little bit higher price but if it's on sale not too different. what does this version add you might think? well you get all the dlc's which add so much new stuff to the game so definetly do it this way because i tried to upgrade my version to the deluxe edition and it generally isn't possible. Only way is to ask for a refund and buy the deluxe version only way when i made this review.Now the game overall i wont go into the pro's or cons because well i think it's a well made game and every well made game will have flaws. I haven't encountered any flaws that i can think of atm. the game can be brutal if you make a mistake:  being to aggresive and  just dashed to the best cover you see and oh no there are a few packs of aliens. the game is trial and error but you'll learn pretty fast especially if you've played XCOM and any other strategy game in this type of field.Were the game shines the most is that you can create your own soldiers, good friends, family or just really funny looking soldiers. You'll gain a bond with them and if they die well you'll be quite sad that you just lost one of  your best soldier or soldiers. You'll create your own story because everything you do is your choice. Ofcourse there are certain missions that you have to do and all but besides that your choices only. If you play the tutorial you'll even get a nice backstory of what happend after the first XCOM to the player.The difficulty well for the hardcore there is very hard or legendary and to spice it even up you can play ironman where every mistake is permanent. for the casual players normal is a good choice still some punishment but doesn't wreck you each time you made a small mistake. and for the mentally insane and you people who just love to be punished you can even download the mod ""The Long War 2"" which is basically a free expansion imo, a free harder expansion.Talking about mods there are a ton, if you can imagine it it will probably be there. Want bob ross to be in your team?  No problem done! and the nicest thing is that the devs really support the modders talking in interviews over that the game really isn't theirs but just of the players and especially of the modders.Did i mention there will be new expansion in August?This game is gonna consume so much time of my life, i already feel it. hope it does for you too!"
,Recommended,268500,33207563,Posted: 3 July,all,Enkila,for the 30 hours i played i enjoyed every second of the pain anger and the one keyboard i destroyed in anger
,Recommended,268500,33197918,Posted: 3 July,all,Ero Sennin,"good game not too easy, sometimes frustrated but good"
,Recommended,268500,27771405,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vince,"Takes the golden experience from XCom:EW, learns from the fantastic Long War mod, repaints it in a modern skin. Then tops it all off with a fully intergrated Steam Workshop.Play this game. Play it twice if you liked XCom:EW. Play it three times if you liked Long War."
,Recommended,268500,21120719,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Agent,"XCOM 2 is everything a sequel should be,it improves upon the original in pretty much everything,its a harder,faster,stronger,better game. If you enjoy turn based squad tactics,this game along with XCOM Enemy Unknown is a must have! and one of the most fun elements of this game is actually recreating your real friends in game and send them out in the field and then start mourning when your best friend gets killed by a Muton,or start cheering when you end up killing the character you named after your Ex-Girlfriend. Good Luck Commander!"
,Recommended,268500,28899275,Posted: 1 January,all,123,"XCom is generally good, but not without flaws. I absolutely hate the seed rng, ruins the game, especially with bosses that takes a turn every time you make an action, it's lame. Imagine an NPC in FPS game, that can shoots trough all objects, has aimbot and uses minigun, you can't dodge it's attack at any point of time, welcome to xcom mechanics where all the npc are using cheats.Needs performance updates, too many instability and frame issues."
,Not Recommended,268500,21321957,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Sagittarius,"Still haven't quite figure out how to use UE while making 3rd game with it. 3rd game of the same genre with same mechanics. Actually, it's somehow worse than previous XCom games. It still has a bunch of inherited bugs with camera/UI/animations(like notorious turn pauses, pointless camera angles, objects obscuring view, frozen animations). Now spiced up by clunky base building(or i just forgot if you also could not cancel some item or structure building in some situations in previous games) and all the annoying stuff taken up to 11. Like unskippable combat animations, in-between mission cutscenes, characters talking to you on mission (mother ♥♥♥♥ing Bradford...) or interrupting whatever you were doing.And my god it runs like a major♥♥♥♥♥ It manages to tank my GTX970 consistently below 20 fps while running 30-40 in the best case without any Antialiasing. It stutters, it drops to single digits andl streams textures right in front of your face. All that while looking mediocre at best. And i'm not talking clown-ugly setting and characters of this game. There's nothing in the technical side of this game that would even remotely justify high hardware requirments. It has pretty small locations with humble texture resolution and amount of detail. Rendering effects they use are pretty standart(SSAO, SSR, basic deffered render + csm or psm. All of this has been done million times even with UE) and 've been done and documented many times, requiring remarkable incompetence to screw up. Texture streaming is one of their biggest problems... Although i haven't implemented it myself yet, AFAIK it is a standart part of UE and was used successfully(Dishonored 2, from the top of my head). I don't see any challenge here for a team of at least somewhat competent programmers.And the last, but not least - the gameplay. I do not consider myself as a genre veteran. so maybe my opinion is not that accurate. But i didn't have much fun despite being excited for the game and that kind of gameplay. 12 hours in i still have no idea, what am i doing and what are my priorities. My actions have very vague impact on overall situation. Difficulty goes uphill pretty fast, but i feel helpless. I don't get it, whole base managment part - by what criteria i should make choices on my research, production, building and contacts. Game spend a lot of time teaching me how to move soldiers, but zero time teaching any valid tactics to put in a right direction. It feels like i can do any concious decisions only after beating the game, preferably several times. Until then, my choices are pretty much blind."
76561198040367080,Not Recommended,268500,21356442,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jfitch_27,"Very cool game on the surface, but the pacing makes it not fun.  I know the argument is ""L2P"", (if you're planning on responding with that I preemptively spit in your face) it's just not fun to play.The classes are cool, the battle fields are cool.  However, the tight requirement on picking the right builds at the right time just make me think of all the BS that kept me from getting really into Starcraft.  Although, the feedback in SC is within a matter of minutes, it takes hours in this game to see if you took the right path, and at that point, you're done.In summary:  If you really like micromanaging your base build and punishing feedback if you don't do it right, then this is the game for you.  If you want a decent challenge to zone out and drink beer too, this game completely sucks."
,Not Recommended,268500,21327824,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Handy Man Kira,"Optimization is a potato.EDIT;I tried XCOM 2 again, turns out the optimization is at a playable place, but still pretty broken.  HOWEVER- the game crashed while loading a mission, after that my Steam Client Bootstrapper kept crashing every time I launched Steam.  I had to reinstall my Steam library because of Fraxis.  0/10 will never get to play the full game because of the worst optimization I have ever seen.  You guys make Bohemia look professional."
,Not Recommended,268500,23924420,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Leonassan {CEWR},"Looks great, if it were possible to actually play it, this might be a good game. However with absolutely no mods or anything else this game crashes consistently and I have been unable to advance past the first resistance mission.Do not recommend, and if I don't get some sort of support response today I will be filing for a refund."
76561198058156743,Recommended,268500,23354525,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Inspector Dosh,"I gotta admit, I was playing on a very low end laptop playing at around 10-15 fps so I won't really touch on performance and what not. For those who are not familiar with the Xcom franchise, it is a series of turn-based tactical games that is well known for its unforgiving difficulty. The Xcom games made from Firaxis are made as a reboot to the series after when everyone thought the franchise was seemingly dead and was made for people who are both new and old to the franchise with of course easier difficulty levels added in to keep newer player from getting discouraged from joining Xcom while the higher difficulties are of course there for the veterans, although I've never played the originals myself.So what does Xcom 2 add in from Enemy Unknown? Here's a short list to get an idea:-new enemy types, with ADVENT troops being the sucessor to the EXALT forces in Enemy Within and a few new aliens and the old aliens learning a few more tricks up their sleaves-base defence, for when the aliens are able to attack your mobile command center-semi-procedural level generation-new and improved class abilities-the ability to save your customized soldiers in a separate list so you can play with them throughout multiple games-weapon customization as a separate upgrade system instead of taking up a utility slot along with visual upgrades (like taking a scope replacing gadgets like medkits and grenades)-Steam Workshop SupportSome negatives to consider:-PC requirements are pretty high so double check to see if you meet the requirements-$60 USD as opposed to Enemy Unknown for $30 USD, unless you buy the Enemy Within expansion for $30 USD without a sale-people have said something about the AI doing stupid things every now and again, but I wouldn't really know for sure because I'm bad at this game-some visual glitches with soldiers and aliens alike doing some pretty weird things from time to time-don't even bother with the multiplayerHonestly, I feel too lazy to even say anymore since there are way better reviews than this one and there really isn't any reason to repeat what people have already said for about 10,000 times. Would I recommend Xcom 2? For someone who's fairly new to the Xcom franchise, I enjoyed my time with it immensely so what reason do I have to say no other than the negatives I mentioned above along with easy access to mods via the Steam Workshop extending the games' lifespan."
76561197984112542,Recommended,268500,21006541,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Briosh,"Very good game overall and the tactical battle is better than the first game. The base building and map is ok but depends on player's taste. You will get attached to your soldiers and you will most definitely enjoy this game. Also, you might break a keyboard or two as the game is challenging and sometimes even feels cheating.3 major problems in my opinion:1. The exclusive support for steam controller and NONE else.2. The most glaring problem for me is the god damn probability system. WTF is going on with the numbers? You will miss most of your 70-90% shots. It almost seems like EVERY shot is a 50-50 situation. The chances are either broken or they are not communicated cleary to the player.3. Major performance issues although graphics don't look that demanding."
,Recommended,268500,21116962,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Duke,Art 10/10 Music/Sound 10/10 Gameplay 9.5/10 AI 5/10 XCOM 10/10
,Recommended,268500,28666013,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blackghost8942,the game is just as intense as the first one i love it hope there will be a xcom 3
76561198029374406,Not Recommended,268500,21414406,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Makelor,"As a fan of the previous XCOM:EU games I was looking forward to this game very much. Sadly the majority of missions being timed in some way, graphical bugs, and lock ups make me regret my pre-order. Lesson learned I suppose. The timed missions may not bother others and that is fine. I expect something different in my tactical turn based games. It would have influenced my purchase if I had known. I know I can mod them out but when I pay full price for a game I expect it to be an enjoyable experience out of the box. Obviously other people are having fun with the game so if you buy it I hope you are one of them."
,Recommended,268500,34805904,Posted: 7 September,all,Hupsel,Great game get the expansion.
76561198070738153,Not Recommended,268500,21160880,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,plain,"Strategy? Tactic? No.ONE bad move or shot WILL cost you a game, and you will get that one, because all of them are full random.Gameplay is about using save\load to get better dice roll. In 'terminator' mode you just trying to get a win versus probability theory, which is obviously foolish.Wasted money, until you just like to customize characters... oh wait, you can do that in Sims!"
76561198104858276,Not Recommended,268500,20994919,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Min0,"I love Xcom, i love the way it looks, i love its querks, and i love the gameplay that i have seen other play.However, what i don't love is the fact that i can't get the game to even start. At all. i got to launch the game, and then poof, black screen, crash, error code 41. i have tried litterly everything. poof, error code 41.as i said, i really liek this game, and its franchise, but it doesnt seem to even like me, so untill this is fix, Not Recomended"
,Not Recommended,268500,21009087,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Gury Juve,"It's a fun game, when it is not crashing.Poorly optimised game, making it very difficult to play."
76561198035412360,Not Recommended,268500,21176142,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,salaschen,"XCOM2 is just extremly unfriendly to new player, even I am an XCOM EU/EW player before but it didn't help at all for me to play this game. I am just so frustrated  for some of the enemy types introduced in this game, namely the stunlancer and viper. Viper can grab you pretty much anywhere on your screen, though the grab fail rate is like 50/50， it can put you in really bad position when your other teammates are far away from the viper. And don't forget they can grab you through the wall and sunlancer and stun you through the war but your ranger cannot do the same by slash through the war. How fair is that!"
76561198035391503,Recommended,268500,28720482,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,lagrie,only 27 hours in.And i'm going to put so manny more hours into this gem.I love this game. I love everything about it.Only downfall are some bugs.If you want an addicting TBS with so much to do. then go for it.9/10.
76561198060883913,Not Recommended,268500,24642895,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,scorreia,"Aside from the ending it is a very solid game.  But the ending so so aweful I can't tell someone to buy it as they may hate me for it.Overall it is challenging, balanced different enough from previous X-COMs but similar in style so it is easy to get into.The stealth elements don't work nearly as well as they should however since you can't control pathing and you are almost always on a time limit.  Plus Stealth Abilities don't provide that great a benefit since they are usually 1 time per battle benefits vs other abilities which are useful throughout the battle.  Best to just go in hard and fast and ignore taking stealth abilities which may or may not be useful in each mission since straight up combat abilities are always useful.But then come the aweful end game which makes no sense at all and doesn't fit in with the rest of the game.  One assumes someone told them the final battle in the previous version wasn't hard enough so they invented a battle that doesn't follow any progression in the game at all.  Suddenly mobs can see through walls,  attack from outside Sniper range and mind control almost anyone regardless of stats.  Meanwhile seemingly endless random enemes continue to teleport in every turn.Sure it is possible to beat, but why bother?  It doesn't even feel like part of the same game.  If the battles leading up to the final battle prepared you for it would be one thing, but to be dropped in this mess blind made me just say ""screw it"" and start a new game.  Who cares about the end game at this point?The rest of the game was quite fun however."
76561198120695891,Not Recommended,268500,23801767,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Alien 480,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. i was drawn in by the super customization over the previous game all the way down to their class. I LOVED xcom2012, that game was my life for summer 2013, i spent hours on my xbox playing that game unlocking every technology.so i bought this game at release, annnddd couldnt play it, it crashed on start up. i waited months to play it after patches. so first thing i didi spent an HOUR making an elite squad in the character pool. start the game and had them in my starting line up, i was overjoyed and then they leveled up AND NONE OF THE CHARACTERS GOT THE CLASSES I ASSIGNED THEM. WHAT??! WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE POINT OF DOING THAT THEN?! so fine fine, w/e probably still has that GREAT gameplay of xcom2012 where you take your time tactically lining up shots and flankingOH im timed on everything so i cant actually relax and play the stupid game! THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥?!! SOMEBODY thought it a great idea to change the WINNING formula. timed on everything and i mean it! mission screen, timer (avatar project), in mission, turn timer (destroyed/reinforcement/captured/killed in under 7 turns). OK FINE ILL RUSH THROUGH A GAME I WANNA ENJOY!they added cool minibosses, SWEET NEW STUFF! seems like a nice concept,right? WRONG, they made the bosses able to attack after every move you make, no longer a turn based game, thus GAMEBREAKING. you have 5 guys each has 2 move points, THE BOSS GETS 10 ACTIONS ON YOUR TURN IN ADDITION TO 3 YEAH 3 MOVE POINTS!! ♥♥♥♥ THAT! IM DONE ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!!it just keeps failing to be xcom because im playing on easy mind you and (have roughly 115hours experience with xcom2012 on the xbox) since my friend said you LITERALLY cannot win on anything above normal this game is trash.0/10"
,Recommended,268500,25950945,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,eaglefan,Great game.  It may seem like more of the same but the turn limited missions add a sense of urgency to your strategy.  This changes the game greatly.  Instead of taking time to clear an area many times you have to find the best and quickest way to your objective and then eliminate anything remaining.  This adds to the feeling of being a resistence group that has to strike quickly and get out.Definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,268500,21035269,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,daddy,"Oh boy, this is a difficult one. People have already spoken about the performance issues, but with a beefy system they are just a cosmetic nuisance. As are the occasional crashes. The real problems lie elsewhere...And they aren't new. This game is at its core, despite all the gameplay differences, very similar to EW, for better or for worse. It is still a tabletop/boardgame in how it plays, all important factors are decided by banal dicerolls. You could argue that point blank missing a 90% shot and then dying is part of xcom identity and that's a fair argument I guess. But the game did not only not reduce the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t RNG, it now shoves more of it in your face. In the overworld map enemy activity constitutes primarily of a random percentual increase in what is essentially ""panic"" which can completely ♥♥♥♥ you on higher difficulty. Regardless of how frustrating it can be, it's so incredibly uncreative and low effort.Generally difficulty is manageable, you can easily keep your soldiers alive through commander (classic diff. equivalent) without savescumming (too much ;). The ""shaken"" mechanic is extremely annoying in the beginning but ultimately very manageable once you exit the beginning difficulty spike by virtue of leveling up your soldiers.Combat too is the same old. It is virtually unchanged compared to EW. Seems a bit lazy that certain things (e.g. not being able to cancel overwatch after an enemy was revealed, unskippable animations !!!) weren't adressed. The round timers everyone ♥♥♥♥♥ themselves about are a complete non issue. However I agree that there would have been better ways to disincentivize overwatch whoring, for example increase reward for quick completion. Same with the accuracy, why not make a lowish (~50%) acc shot guarantee a hit but with low damage? Unfortunately the devs took the familiar, easy way out which really is the plague of this game.Game's also fun though. Customization, Story delivery and Visuals are much improved from EW while still having the same feel. It adds a lot of personality and it's great that you can get attached to your ship and soldiers this way. It's just so sad that this isn't any more than graphics/content update similar to how EW was to EU. Why do I recommend it then? Most things are easily fixable with mods, and mod support is one thing Firaxis have done very right!"
,Not Recommended,268500,23602781,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Hellzicke,"Not my cup of tea... First Xcom was much better imo. This just got some ridiculous setups form time to time eg, you got 8 turns to pick up an item, it takes 4 turns just to get to it and in between you got 8-9 mobs plus reinforcements that disable half your squad in one way or another leaving you to finish it off with 3 squad members. Most of the missions are timed aswell."
76561198030168055,Not Recommended,268500,21007990,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sinaps,"Appears that it would be fun to play if it would run for more than 20 min at a time.  Very buggy.  Crashes at start up, sometimes, Crashes at load.  Crashes mid fight, just plain crashes.Shame."
,Recommended,268500,20964634,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rod Manmuscle,it's pretty good
76561198015595791,Recommended,268500,35089538,Posted: 20 September,all,llouis,Probably my favourite game of all time.  Endless replay value.  It's going to be tough for XCOM 3 to top.
76561198141256090,Not Recommended,268500,35166285,Posted: 23 September,all,leonohanlon,The Newest patch has brought the framerate down to 20FPS for me.it's a wonderfull game and i've logged my share of hours but it simply isn't playable after the recent patch.
,Recommended,268500,20956512,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,General of the Loli Brigade,"My playtime is miniscule right now but let me give my piece  on it anyway. The game itself first and foremost caters to the XCOM: Enemy Within fan, it not only refines the mechanics seen in the previous games but it added new ones as well. The classes are distinct from one another and gives you the player greater tactical choice in your gameplay. But by far the best new item added is the concealment option which pretty much means that your team is invisible to all enemies until they are either detected via patrol or more often than not via an ambush you have setup.The story and atmosphere from what I have seen in sublime, the game pulls in no stops from telling you that you lost the previous war and that right now, XCOM are considered terrorists, this is a huge step up both thematically and mechanically as well since the aforementioned concealment mechanic makes so much sense.The mods will also bring in so much life to this game, as of writing this, there are 3 main mods that can easily be added to the game via Steam Workshop.If I have one gripe I would point to the performance, it's not gamebreaking but it is a hassle and it is obvious, I struggle to get a smooth 60FPS with many of the filters turned off, I run an I5 3570K with a GTX680, not the top of the line setup admittedly but it should have handled the game better than it did."
,Recommended,268500,20966450,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gears,Holy ♥♥♥♥ it's so ♥♥♥♥ing good.And by that I mean I've been destroyed about 35 times and I still love it
,Recommended,268500,33241527,Posted: 4 July,all,NoT,Without mods: 8/10With mods 11/10
,Recommended,268500,21095443,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,axfelix,"Pretty good! Worthwhile sequel. Addresses virtually every criticism of the last one. Handful of issues though:- Performance is all over the place! Seems like lots of developers have added so many postprocessing effects to UE3 over the years that it's getting difficult to optimize well... and using a wrapper rather than doing OpenGL builds for OSX and Linux doesn't help. There's also hilarious bugs like the game thinking 12 PM is midnight and 12 AM is noon as far as your savefiles are concerned -- of course, _only_ C++ doesn't have a standard library to handle this for you, but that does suggest a minor lack of polish.- The base-building optimization puzzle is a little too solvable, but it's the sort of thing you'll inevitably get wrong the first time through. This carries through to a lot of the game's design, where you seem to be encouraged to savescum or fail on your first time through, with neither option being particularly satisfying. There's no reason this game couldn't have borrowed Invisible Inc's autosaving-with-a-fixed-number-of-rewinds mechanic as an alternative to Ironman mode, and it'd have been better for it.- Late game has a bit of Civ syndrome where once you've seen all of the tech it's a bit of a slog to push through to the very end.- Narrative comes on too strong at the start with all of the military stuff and the power fantasy of repeatedly addressing the player as ""commander,"" though the mid-game scripted events are well-handled.- The starting swords are ridiculously anachronistic.This is already a good game, but I expect it will be much, much better in a year. It's probably fair to be frustrated by that in the meantime."
,Recommended,268500,33217638,Posted: 3 July,all,-325ci-BMW-Frankie-,"Crappy percentages, 99 percent chance to hit, i fail. I do not like what so ever that when you uncover aliens they get to disrupt everything your doing to go do there things that waste alot of time and concealment, Theres so many in time scenes on shooting someone and seeing aliens come out of concealment it feels like im watching a short film with interactions then playing a full on game. I like this game so much but it has major issues and there very, very annoying to deal with in the midst of a game. Id play so many more hours but do something about the obvious issues in this wonderful game. RNG is worse than any game ive ever seen, missing point blank with almost any gun. And it has a bas aspect of being timed to beat the game due to the Avatar mission, It feels like im forced to hurry and cant take my time to research things or build items nor upgrade my squad. Again good game, alot of issues still. And for a strategy game this good, I feel we shouldnt be rushed at all to complete it because of the Avatar project.7/10What can be changed: RNG, Damage on guns, cutscens/in game events.-Frankie"
76561198027647899,Recommended,268500,33359013,Posted: 7 July,all,Dreadful Skull,Never played an XCOM game before this. You kind of go at your own pace in a random encounter strategic battle.Pretty fun with decent replayability. You go through the campaign the first time and get a feel for it. The next couple of times are when you get to experiment and really mess with stuff.Best part though? The community mods. So much flavor added on with ease.
,Recommended,268500,21002050,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Permanent Marker,"Let me start by saying XCOM 2 is a triumph. XCOM EU and EW paid homage to UFO Defence's difficulty and fear factor by making sure the game was truly difficult, but in a mostly rewarding way. In some ways they compromised on those principles - having your best squad wiped a few weeks in and losing a critical mission was basically game over, so half the time losses felt frustrating rather than just punishing and reinvigorating. In my first XCOM 2 run, that I consider to have gone fairly well, I've lost upwards of 10 soldiers in a few months, and I failed my first attempt at a blacksite, but I can tell I'm that I'm not doomed. Notably, in EU, there were a lot of safety net abilities like Run and Gun, Rockets and various Sniper abilities like Double Tap though that made the game at times laughably easy - so long as you had restraint.XCOM 2's biggest change to the formula, outside of the total revamp of the strategic layer,  is the fact that there are almost no safety nets in the early game. Rockets are gone, replaced with grenade launchers, which while incredibly useful, cannot wipe out a pod of enemies in one shot every mission.  The new Ranger class, which is basically like the old Assault, doesn't get Run and Gun until midway through the ability tree. The sword they get has effectively enormous range, but can't be relied upon to singlehandedly kill enemies unless you get bladesman at corporal rank, which loses you an extremely useful concealment abiility.  Specialists are about as underwhelming as supports were early on, but get just as deadly in later ranks, while Sharp Shooters are heavily situational due to the fact that a lot of missions are timed, but can now do some very interesting stunts like fire off pistols a couple times a round at different targets, or chain sniper rifle shots together if each one is a kill. The fact the aliens are now more specialised, and their gimmicks are more frightening (e.g, the basic sectoid gets the mind control ability in the first few months)  means that without safety nets, they're far more fearsome and worth being worried about. This makes the game more difficult obviously, but also more enjoyable in the long run once you know how to handle each type of enemy - Sectoids are easily killed by swords, Stunlancers either need to die ASAP or you need a flashbang/overwatch to shut them down from charging. The Faceless, meanwhile, needs to be spotted well in advance of triggering it, because it can attack on activation.  The variation in alien types and the threat they present means that XCOM 2 encourages a lot more tactical, outside the box thinking.The visuals in this game are incredible. The unit design for the aliens and advent hybrids is superb, and really adds to the intimidation when they're breathing down your neck. The environmental design is also great - the procedural generation is by no means a half baked gimmick and makes every area look interesting and refreshing.  There are cobbled together outposts, futuristic cities, slums, surreal alien bases and facilities.  Customisation is top notch - there is as a lot of freedom and oppurtunity for making your own narrative in your head, and in general things that make your troops more memorable, like random extra abilities, the memorial/bar and personnel areas you can view all add to the attachment you get to them.I want to quickly mention the multiplayer. This is a mixed bag - the extremely points heavy advent robot units are extremely hard to kill and can one-shot most targets. The Sectopod, ludicrously, can even fire twice, doing 10-11 damage each time.  The costs on units are very weird, as is some of the internal balance. Advent Troopers at 200 points have 3 health and a mag rifle, but for 400 points you get an Officer with 12 health, better stats, a frag grenade and the ability to mark targets. Since matches total about 7500+ points, you can easily fit these guys in.  There is an issue with stuttering as well which I'll touch upon in a moment.In terms of technical quality, you can tell that the developers didn't put their effort towards making a game that was very free of bugs, or that ran extremely well. The game is stable - the amount of disruptive bugs that will ruin your experience or progress is very, very minimal and rare it seems. The problems arise with the fact that XCOM 2 just simply doesn't run as well as it should on high end PCs- there are frequent FPS drops in missions unless you turn some settings down.  This obvously doesn't matter that much, since the game is turn based, but it is irritating. Perhaps the most annoying bug is the fact that the game occassionally takes a few seconds to register a buff/debuff/critical effect, or upwards of 10-20 seconds to end a turn in multiplayer and pass control to the other player. This is something that is bound to be fixed eventually though.I whole-heartedly reccomend XCOM 2 to anyone who was a fan of XCOM EU, and would also say that anyone who has an interest in a challenging and interesting game but has not tried the games before this one should give it a go at least."
76561197997448611,Recommended,268500,20996893,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sunny,this is the proof you do not have to reinvent a great game. Just update the setting and the gfx. voila!
,Recommended,268500,21018463,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,/:\,"70% rating? Come on, this game is fantastic. I've played 10 hours of this game so far, and I haven't enjoyed a game so much in this way since, well, XCOM EU.Let me explain what I mean: This game is terrifying. Every single mission is down to the wire. Every mission can and will go wrong. And the whole time, I'm sitting there thinking, ""Don't miss don't miss don't miss Oh ****""And that's great. Seriously. That's awesome, and that's where XCOM shines. Risk/reward is a huge part of what makes the experience as satisfying or compelling as it is.So if someone complains that the game is too hard, they're missing the point. I mean, jeez guys. We're liberating the human race from technologically superior aliens. Why did you expect it to be easy?Anyways, half the fun of XCOM is when everything goes to hell and yet, somehow, you scrape together a victory.Disclaimer: this game is harder than EU. Yeah, seriously. And so if you're considering getting this game, don't expect it to be a walk in the park. It's war. But it's incredible."
,Recommended,268500,21023503,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sharktopus |ϟ|,XCOM is the best franchise in the genre. XCOM 2 is the best game in the franchise.
,Recommended,268500,33404126,Posted: 9 July,all,Systemworks,"Seen the movie ""Edge of Tomorrow""? This is the game.You play as the Commander (Tom Cruise) and will need to lead your soldiers back and forth through time every mission in order to navigate each scenario optimally and ensure your favourite squaddies survive. The survival of the human race depends on you using your time travel powers to defeat the aliens.Make sure your F5 and F9 keys work."
,Not Recommended,268500,24147014,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pyrulen,"I want to like this game, I really do. I loved the ""first"" one.I played through the BS once when it first came out, and recently thought to myself, now that the dlc is out and they've had time to fix issues lets give it another go. But somehow its even worse off then before.What I'm talking about is performance and the regular crashes and freezes. The game just kinda skips along. Anytime anything happens on screen, any loading occurs, the frame rate is just.. disgusting. It drives me crazy, and nothing I do fixes the issue. I've dropped to the lowest settings, messed with every graphics option I could and am seeing the same issue.Do the drops in frame rate impact your ability to play? No, not really, its turn based after all. But it takes me right out of the game, makes me lose my train of thought and in a game where planing is key? that's very much an issue.And the freezing... I didn't have an issue with this the first time I played, but this time.. I just started this new game, not very far into it. I've already lost count of how many times I've had the game crash, even more so it's just frozen. Audio keeps playing fine but I can't do anything else. After a while it seems to have corrupted my save somehow. Eveytime I try to fire on an enemy the game just freezes, Bye bye my first iron man run.I looked past these problems at first and thought to give them time to fix things, sometimes unexpected issues pop up. It happens. But after all the DLC and 6 months? Not only are they not fixed but things have gotten worse.All I can really say is they took a great remake, a potential new life for an old series, and ruined it.Ruined it with garbage coding and worse still, ignoring the community's complaints.As it is, I cannot recommend this game. If they ever take the effort to actually fix this mess then I would absolutely love it. For when it dose work it's just fantastic fun. Unfortunately the fun is continually interrupted."
76561198020109566,Recommended,268500,21000697,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,NoGas,"So far an excellent successor to the X-COM series, and has learned a great deal from the previous itteration. The procedural maps are a godsend, and the new overworld map is a lot more fun/interesting to be involved in. The game is much more difficult in some areas, but much easier in others. Early on, there is a huge amount of instant-death for your squad, and that's not a bad thing.Currently there needs to be some optimization for graphics performance. There are a lot of visual problems for the title.And for those crying about ""every mission having timers"", this is a huge hyperbole. Huge. Half, if that, have very long and easily-worked-with timers if you don't slowly overwatch crawl to your objectives. Try actual tactics, and cycling through your soldiers mid-actions to orchestrate a kill, rather than waiting for the enemy to stumble on your 5+ overwatch snipers."
76561198020394914,Recommended,268500,20982329,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,john_marston_jr,"Gameplay is great, everything it said it woud be in the prerelease revews it just needs a patch to fix the frame rate issues. I'd be happy at a solid 30fps but im getting single digits no matter what i try to fix it."
76561198040790631,Recommended,268500,21004749,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Root,"Yeah, there are some crashes and bugs. Welcome to computers. So far I haven't run into anything that can't be solved by restarting the game.The mission timers take some adjustment and I've had to restart a few missions, but hey, new game new challenges. Figuring out how to use my team's abilities on the go has been fun - the same cautious tactics in every mission dominated in XCOM EU and now that's not optimal, thank god.The strategic layer creates a great sense of urgency and a real challenge to balance different research and development goals against maintaining your network and expanding to stop the alien plans before it's too late. If I lose, it won't be because my squad got killed and I didn't bother reloading; instead it will be because I didn't push fast enough to stop the alien master plan. Again, I like that caution is not rewarded: if I take forever building up my tech, the aliens will complete their doomsday project, The End."
76561197999021953,Recommended,268500,21244452,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Un Poisson Rouge,"Pros:+Extremely detailed character and weapon models+Tactics are mixed up from XCOM 1 as now you can start out as the people hiding and the aliens are the ones defending+Improvements to the Geoscape and strategy within it as now you can choose different regions to expand to+Very detailed character customization and mods adding more and more each day+Cool new gadgets availible for research as well as ""experimental"" research. This can grant random armors, ammo, grenades, or utilities which is really neatCons:-Extremely obnoxious turn limit timers that sometimes make no sense. On one VIP mission I had 8 turns to get the hostage and leave, and there were about 15 aliens in the way to the exit and it also made no sense that the timer started ticking down before I was even discovered. I'm all for added dificulty, but not at the expense of reason, because there is no reason at all of why you would be limited in turns when the aliens already found you and reinforcements already arrived. You should be able to maybe fight off a huge invasion if you take too long, it shouldn't just end and not give you a chance.(There are mods to fix this problem however, as they increase turns)-On top of these turn timers, the Avatar project is constantly ticking away as well, though I haven't looked to see if there is a mod to slow it down, I am sure there is or will be one.Overall: 9.5/10 - Improved every aspect from XCOM 1 and there is in depth character customization for your characters that will probably be killed in a few turns."
76561197972978554,Not Recommended,268500,21976009,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,setshade,"Honestly, an atrocious rehash of the last X-com game for $60.It's still the same chess match, but lacking the freshness of the last game but with all the frustrations that were inherent with the previous title -- good and bad."
76561197988619352,Not Recommended,268500,21733294,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Squid,"On the Basis of the gameplay nothing is wrong with it Providing your Computer supports this Horribly Finished game the performance of it is horrible IT crashes consistantly on gameplay, Cant tell you how many times i've had to restart my system because the game just cuts out right in the middle of combat as for the rest of the review untill it is fixed and actually revieable im going to say no im not recommending this game Steer clear of it till they fix the problems but lets face it with it being a 2k Game its doubtfull they will ever get to fixing it more like slap on dlc make as much money as possible and move onto another game."
76561197971745979,Not Recommended,268500,23694176,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Lord Nibbler,"Frustrating, repetitive, and tedious in the extreme.   I absolutely cannot recommend it unless it is very deeply discounted.1.  The developers need to learn some basic statistics.  When you are firing a weapon or hacking a terminal you are given a percentage chance that is always FAR higher than are the actual odds of success.  For example, I just did a trial (over several hours) of hacking a terminal where the odds were listed as 10% chance of success.  In 100 tries there were no successes (and each time it generated a different progress bar so it is not an issue of the outcome having been predetermined).  The odds of this is almost 1 in 38,000.  Why show the percent chance of success if it is so radically far off?2.  Too many times where enemies suddenly appear out of no where and shoot you through 4 walls and kill you.  Their shots almost never miss while yours usually do."
76561198103923405,Not Recommended,268500,21907591,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,johan.hillborg,Totally broken game.... I loved XCom 1.... and will stick with that game. Performance issues and system requirements for this game is just plain stupid..... You need a massive gaming rig for enjoying some turnbased strategy?? Sucks... 50€ to waste.... iss it possible to get a refund????
,Recommended,268500,24394114,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Mak,"While Xcom 2 is providing solid and enjoyable vanilla eperience, if you modded Xcom once you wont be able to return to vanilla anymore. I currently have around 150 mods installed and I have tried out even more. I regret nothing. PC gaming forever.P.S. While LOS issues are arising sometimes, they are still rare and for the most time avoidable. And while I wont be defending Firaxis not being able to fix it, I still would like to say that this issue obviously doesnt have a simple solution, I guess its our pay for procedure level generation thingy.P.P.S: Still really fun game. Legendary Ironman playthrough is recommended, if you wish to suffer full experience"
,Not Recommended,268500,21854696,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Germanicus,"If your idea of a tactical turn based game is 95% of it consisting of timed mission then this is the game for you.You've come a long way since 1994, baby."
,Not Recommended,268500,24305320,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ruby the Wolf,"This game is just dice rolls with fixed dice, in the favor of the enemies. No matter how cautious you move or how good your cover is,you will always get shot, and half the time the enemies get crits while you always miss. People saying that ""Oh, well it's a hard game so you have to get good, it's a fight against a way stronger force blah blah blah"" No, there is a difference between difficulty and unfairness. Dark Souls, that's a notoriously difficult game that is balanced beautifully and feels rewarding and satisfying when you win, this game feels like you are constantly losing, and not in a fair way. You get a 70% chance to hit but always miss, enemies get crits on half of their shots, Sectoids with mind control are in the second mission. That isn't fun, it's just obnoxious. You can tell the devs are absolute garbage because people had to come in after the fact and fix major flaws of the game through mods on the workshop. This game is terrible, especially when comparing it to Enemy Unknown. Oh and lets not forget the ever present time limits. 4/10"
76561198013058748,Recommended,268500,21128720,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Jouwar,"Definitely a step in the right direction for the XCOM series and certainly a very fun one.  If you enjoyed the first one then you will like this one even more, but I can understand where the negative reviews are coming from.  There are certian elements that are simply copied from XCOM with seemingly no attention given to them (e.g., the indoor camera; many of the human animations; a lot of the sound effects) and while these are on the whole a series of minor elements, altogether it does put a tarnish on what is otherwise a great game.TLDR; fantastic game to jump into XCOM with; great game but a tad lazy in some areas for those coming back for round two."
76561198040854391,Recommended,268500,24294836,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,raithza,"Pretty surprised to see this many negative reviews. This is one of the best games of all time, at least as good as Enemy Unknown, and possibly better due to mod support and some refinements."
76561198026057649,Not Recommended,268500,21357849,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,shutupdent,"It’s not bad, just didn’t like as much as EU/EW, also the game likes to waste your time and doesn’t run all that great."
76561197994468856,Recommended,268500,25795445,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SF_nmx7,"Sheer brilliance.   This is the most accomplished version of the XCOM series yet. Some of the confusing game mechanics from the previous XCOM have been addressed.The DLC is nice enough, but it's a bit limited in scope and therefore not the greatest value for money.  The game had (past tense) some technical and gamplay glitches at first, most of those are gone and now only rear their head occasionally, which can  be annoying, but nothing insurmountable.There's been many complaints about the performance - those issues are in the past. I play this on a 6 year old CPU (a i7-860 from 2009), paired with a GTX 660, it's very playable at 1080p if you tweak the graphics settings just right. Moving to a GTX 1060 (oc'd) gameplay is smooth with maxed out graphics setting at 1920x1200.Overall, a AAA title that delivers, with long-term replayability baked in.  I'm pretty sure I'll be playing this until XCOM 3 comes out."
76561198023011099,Recommended,268500,32428026,Posted: 15 June,all,Vortex ♀ Pixalation,"This game is fantastic amounts of fun, it can be modded to your heart's content and changed to something completely different, I support any developer who is pro consumer and mod tools are very rare these days"
,Recommended,268500,20989000,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,OrangeGills,"Has its issues.  Poor performance, timers are annoying (I always seem to be just a turn away from victory before running out of mission time), stun lancers are OPthat being said, game is extremely fun otherwise"
,Recommended,268500,20983380,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,AlmostToast,9/10
76561198040201310,Recommended,268500,20989025,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,BenderIsGreat,This game kicks my♥♥♥♥♥  You can't collect 'em all... you can only make trade offs.  Perfectionist and completionist will hate this game.  9/10... the LOS and shooting thru walls needs to be fixed
76561198041097915,Recommended,268500,20983427,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gratman,"An awesome sequel that's improved on a lot of the faults of the original and has a real good tactical system. Spent an hour alone customizing my squad to all my close mates. If you liked the original, its definitely worth a look with lots more replayability by the looks of it.Noticed a lot of the negative reviews mentioned the time constraint to most missions. Love it or hate it, it forces you to make riskier moves rather than moving your team at the pace of a snail to avoid any deaths ( which imo got boring after a while in EU/EW)."
,Recommended,268500,21042342,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Really cool game player,Game
76561197975327788,Recommended,268500,21125355,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lucktose Intoleranz,"Not far into the game, but this is definitely a recommendation. For now i just want to rise the score on this one. Cant stand it being ""Mostly positive""...will update this review as soon as im finished."
,Recommended,268500,24112955,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Urah,"FRIENDS ONLY. FROM NOW ONSince I've had quite some awful experiences with Steam lately in every sense,and I was about to stop reviewing games for good...I am going to give this a last try, not committing myself though.The reason of negative reviews1 - The time-based missions.NOTHING to worry about, I haven't had any problem with them to this day.AND if you don't like it, go and install a mod for it. NO need in my opinion.2 - The most important complaint: PERFORMANCE.Follow this TO THE LETTER:http://steamcommunity.com/app/200510/discussions/0/846960628563773260/MY OPINION20 out of 10There's plenty of great mods,in Steam Workshop and in Nexus Mod.DLCs are worth it, so buy the Reinforcement Pack,since it is XCOM 2's Season Pass.Welcome back to the most awesome war,Commander."
,Recommended,268500,21012116,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Donut Boy,"All these people that are complaing about the optimization are right to complain, but they are just complaining too much. They are saying the game is unplayable due to the frames dropping to maybe 20 to 10. You just have to be patient with the game, its not the best optimized game but the loss of frames only last a couple seconds. Also the people that are complaining about the 30fps cap, just turn AA and vsync off (or turn on FXAA) that does not make too much of a difference of the look of the game. If you are a optimization ♥♥♥♥♥ and want a perfect game out of the box, then this game is not for you. If you can handle a few frame hiccups and love strategy games this is a really good game for you. I would recommends this game to only Patient people that dont have a hard head."
76561198091795244,Recommended,268500,21129993,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ONIONS!!,"O jogo é incrivel.Para amantes de jogos de estrategias e turnos é compra obrigatória.PROSSistema de gameplay divertido.Não é Repetitivo.Longa longevidade ( devido ao fato das diversas variações que é possivel no jogo, niveis de dificuldade e compatibilidade com MODs)CONTRAProblemas de otimização exigem muito do Computador ( Não atrapalha o gameplay por ser um jogo em turnos com certeza não é algo bom espero que isso seja corrigido com patches no futuro)"
76561198019395503,Recommended,268500,21130107,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,mr.berns,"Excellent sequel.  Your old strategies won't work all the time, as the new timed missions give you a sense of urgency.A few graphical bugs, awkward camera placement in the action cut scenes.Long mission loading times, although (weirdly enough) pressing caps lock will make the end mission/back to base loading screen super quick."
,Recommended,268500,21131666,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Monos,"Optimization is♥♥♥♥♥♥ But the game and the mod support is awesome! Just afjew patches needed to solve the issues.If you don't buy yet just keep your eyes open for news about fixes =)Update 29.07.2016:Now has good DLC additions adding a new MEC class and crazy boss aliens that break the main rules of the game. Lots of very high quality mods and haven't yet encountered any game crashing bugs atm, mostly FPS dips and with all my mods it has long loading times like CIV 5. SSD drive would optimize load-times.There is nothing really like ths game out there, so i threw money @ DLC willingly :)"
12344125551421434,Recommended,268500,21131447,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,II-DWG-II Atorioss,Some bugs that would prob be fixed very soon! I really like this game!
,Recommended,268500,20987400,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Senior_Whiffage,"Let's address the elephant before we push it out of the room.The sheer number of timed missions are a questionable design decision. I'm not entirely against them - it's new, takes some getting used to, and adds a sense of urgency to your missions. Despite how lovingly you remember it, creeping slowly across a map in full overwatch was boring in XCOM:EO. A simple fix would seem to be: start the time when concealment breaks. That way I can position my units accordingly and choose when to begin the countdown.Next is performance. I have a Core i7 and GTX 980 graphics card and the game runs abysmally on high settings. The nice thing about both of these complaints is that they can be patched and modded away.The game is otherwise fantastic. More of what you love about the XCOM series with some new additions. The procedurally-generated randomness is great and I enjoy that no two playthroughs will ever be the same. Looting upgrades and other items in the field is a wonderful touch. I look forward to finishing my first playthrough, and many more to come."
76561198006353832,Not Recommended,268500,21012345,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Wozzmatic,"I am a new player into the world of XCOM but having seen the hype thought I would give it a go. It looked good.Sadly the looks are where the fun start and end. My personal opinion is that this game is truly utterly awful. I bought it this morning, played 4 hours of it and have now requested a refund as i am stuck on a repeatable and unavoidable bug that completely prevents me from progressing beyond the first mission. I only racked up 4 hours gameplay as I was replaying the first mission to try and get past the bug. The point at which you are tasked with recruiting an engineer and excavating a part of the base results in a screen you cannot get past no matter what you click on and what buttons you press on your keyboard. My only option was to force close the game and try again.Despite this though the game is lacking in so many ways. The most ludicrous is the chance to hit mechanic. I appreciate this is something you develop as you progress in the game but having manouvered my character to point blank range and still only gain a 48% chance of hitting with rifle shots is utterly nonsensical. Time and again I would focus on troop movements to gain a good line of sight only to be presented with a 34% chance to hit or something equally stupid. RNG gone mad makes for missions you know will be successful based on a dice roll rather than your skills in playing. There is online gambling offering better rewards for that sort of uncertainty.I'm an old git and have been playing games for a long long long time - this ranks as one of the worst gaming experiences I have ever encountered. Unless you are a die hard XCOM fan I would avoid this one like the plague it will dissappoint and frustrate in equal measure and there are much cheaper games offering much more enjoyable playability than this."
76561197994435294,Recommended,268500,21115282,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ramses,Just glorious!!
,Not Recommended,268500,21938965,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,DizzyDoctorDro,"I want to love this game, but the accuracy makes no sense in this game. Sometimes you will have a better chance to hit someone you have no actual vision of than someone standing out in the open. These ""recruits"" have apparently never shot a gun because you will be about 10 feet from someone and have 50/50 chance at hitting the enemy. You will get shot through solid walls  over great distances meanwhile you will miss some point blank shots. I really do want to love this game, and I usually boot it back up and give it another go. There are just too many flaws with the actual gameplay for me to enjoy it though. I end up getting agitated by all the nonsense."
76561198029986333,Not Recommended,268500,21945045,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,worm369,"This game isn't playable.  You can get through the early missions ok, but after a few hours of game play the game starts crashing after 2-3 missions.  After a few more you crash after every mission and start losing saves to the memory leaks.  PLEASE FIX THIS!! or give us our money back!"
76561198040096516,Not Recommended,268500,21985637,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Amorphias,"i can't play the game everytime i try to load it up i get a black screen and then it asks me to close game due to an error. ive verified the game and its missing 2 files, then i tried it agian but with the same results. i'm on windows 7 and i've read different forums about this same problem but cannot find a solution can anyone help me out here"
76561198158543273,Not Recommended,268500,22030910,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,lazercat45,It Did Not Work I Would Like A Refund.
76561198124871275,Not Recommended,268500,21980166,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Gotcha™,"Game as a software: This program does not perform well. I have a good gaming laptop but still frame drops constantly. The application sometimes crashes. I have encountered auto-saves that the game cannot load.Game in general:I wish the one calling the shots regarding what to put in the game have played the previous xcoms. The old xcom have more content, more things you can do, more research, more vehicles, more facilities.•	What happened to the archangel suit?•	No more mec trooper•	Missing the laser weapons•	Not enough depth to the normal weapon you use in the beginning•	No more bases across continents•	No more interceptors•	No more base defense (inside the base, where aliens can kill your engineers and scientists)I mean if you want to change some stuff at least replace it with something better. I feel this is a trim down version. And still if the plan is to really trim it down at least make the game kick-♥♥♥ in the sense that it is sleek. But the game as it is far from being sleek. Why do I have to see that useless hologram of the globe every time I want to move my base? And by the way, you keep showing us that but what we can interact with is a map…. So lame…Talking about moving the xcom base. We could assume that the ship would be a big ♥♥♥ ship but how come throughout the game it was only intercepted once, with no damage I tell you! What happened to the big ♥♥♥ ship the aliens have? Only saucers flying around. And even if you fly pass them they would not attack the freaking flying xcom base.I can still say a lot of negative things about this game but to summarize. There is nothing in the game that was impressive. It’s a trim down version of its predecessor. No effort to impress the players. If they say they worked on the graphics, well they currently suck with that frame rate drops. Nothing new, nothing exciting, nothing!I hope they earn a lot from this version so that they could do another one better. Come on guys, if you have to go back to the original game, please do so, there is a wealth of content there, you just need to use that as the base of your content and then improve some. (I still can’t forget that one time I sent an agent via motor bike to an alien site and “Rambo”ed the hell out of the aliens).I miss throwing those light stick to see the aliens… hayz…. Then *just thought of this now* you could have a research for night vision goggles so we don’t have to throw light stick so we can save mother earth while killing the aliens right?! I mean this game is supposed to be human vs aliens but this version doesn’t show enough human tech (if somebody will say because this version is in the future and alien tech is more advance then I would ask if we discarded our technology for alien tech then why does the resistance need to research alien tech again?).Anyway I digress, this is my first review here in steam and it is for a game that I love and played since the 90s and I am saying I feel there could be way more than what was given in this version. A very big room for improvement.Will I buy the next version of the game? hell yes :) but i might not pre-purchase anymore. I thought with the enemy within version being good this would be better but alas it is not, so next time I would not be as excited."
76561198011399588,Not Recommended,268500,22034246,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,dvdatm,"I waited until the first ""performance patch"" was released (it didn't help) to write this review.  I haven't tried any of the mods.tl;dr version: So many great ideas, but the execution and performance issues make XCOM2 unplayable.Good:- The aliens are incredibly interesting.  Most enemies are basically improvements from EU/EW.  Sectoids and Mutons receive massive upgrades from EU/EW, and there are several new enemies that make you really rack your brain on how you are going to combat them.- New twists on some buildings.  The proving ground is fun.  It's mostly a random grab bag of weapons and armor.  The advanced warfare center gives you some pleasant surprises every now and then.- Overwatch AI is improved.  No longer will 5 dudes on overwatch shoot at the dead alien the 1st guy killed.  All successful overwatch shots are useful.- Everything looks pretty good.  The animation is much less cartooney than EU/EW.- Dodge/Graze mechanic.  Pretty cool when it's in your favor, but heart-breaking when it burns you.- Enemy reinforcements.  They will really screw up your game plan and make you recalculate.  Much improved over the drop-a-thin-man-in-there-and-put-him-on-overwatch paradigm from EU/EW.- Weapon upgrades add another level to squad make-up.- Psi-warriors are a unique class.  They are bad♥♥♥♥♥..  and probably even overpowered.  No longer just necessary to ""take one for the team"" in the final cinematic.Neutral:- Stealth ambushes were a good idea.  Triggering enemies with several squad members in overwatch commences a Boondock Saints-esque cascade of bullets.  However, overwatch is much less effective than EU/EW, and I end up following a procedure for conducting ambushes. *yawn*- Lots of turn timers on mission.  They do add to the urgency and difficulty of missions, but generally force your hand most of the time.- Mission types are basically the same as EU/EW.  Base assaults, terror missions, VIP rescue, destry the device.  A few new tricks, but they definitely took the don't-fix-what-ain't-broke approach.- The Black Market.  It's an evolution of the Grey Market from EU/EW.  The Black Market can be useful, but I just don't get excited about it and it doesn't help out as much as the Grey Market did.Bad:- Performance.  Prior to the recent patch, I should have been able to play on max settings/resolution (including 4k) on both of my rigs as they are waaayyyy beyond the recommended specs.  However, max settings made the framerate drop to gamebreaking levels.  I was able to tweak the settings to make the game playable, but it never looked all that great.  I did not experience crashes before the patch.  THEN THE PATCH WAS BORN.  Post-patch, I experienced 1-3 crashes per hour of play (The last one I suffered occurred on the plane ride home from a terror mission on which only one civilian was killed).  The real insult is that the developer added an ""auto settings detector"" to help us all play at acceptable framerates.  The auto-detect simply dumbed down settings on my machines AND the framerate was much lower than pre-patch.  Just plain unacceptable- Some missions seem pre-determined.  I loved the difficulty of Long War.  It was transparent and tactile.  You always knew why you were getting screwed, and were generally rewarded by living by the rules of XCOM.  But the rules of XCOM intermittently get flipped upside-down in XCOM2.  I have played several missions where there are a large number of improbable misses (> 85%) that lead me to fail the mission.  Even after save-scumming with an all-new approach, the overwhelming missed shots lead me to believe that the seed is choosing against me.  This leads to an unwanted side-effect of relying HEAVILY on 100% weapons (mainly grenades) and laughing when my guys miss three 90% shots in a row to end a turn.  It's insulting, and eliminates the fun of having a diverse squad.Verdict: There is so much to like, but I can't enjoy it because the few things I hate are so very bad."
76561197961416212,Not Recommended,268500,23718932,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jilx,Pros:Xcom!!!Cons:ExecutionGlitchyExtremely difficult for me (I am seasoned Xcom player) Even on Rookie modeNot funToo many interruptions by boss during game telling me how badly I am doingToo hardVery poor execution of a sequel.  I should have trusted my gut on this one based on the videos etc.  I really wanted to like this game.  Requesting refund now.
,Recommended,268500,21218456,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,comrade,it's good
76561197967782099,Not Recommended,268500,20982276,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,maddios,"Bugs on top of bugs for the chance to hit calculator. Had an large elevation penalty for a shot when i was on the same raised platform as the enemy i was shooting, frustrating and stupid."
,Not Recommended,268500,23327975,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Bodge,"Almost one of the best games I\'ve ever played, hence why the let down for me is so bad. Like any XCOM game its got some really, too difficult enemies, thats all annoying, but its that horrible challenge that makes you want to keep coming back for more. Its brutal, its unforgiving, and its absolutely fantastic, with one of the most gripping stories I\'ve seen yet in a game.So you ask \'Why is it bad\'. Well, it seem Firaxis made a bit of an oversight. Towards the last couple of missions, the most important ones, it doesnt let you save the game, and there are no autosaves. This would be a good thing as it would force you to make every decision count. So why isnt it. The game crashed. I\'ve lost about 4 hours of gameplay, very important gameplay, that now I\'ll have to do over again. I dont even have a massive problem with the crashing, just the fact that they wouldnt even let me prepare for such an event by saving before hand.Really disappointing. Went from my best game of the year to my most disappointing in 10 minutes."
76561197970963302,Not Recommended,268500,21008259,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Washout,"I want to like this game but i can't ignore the things that ruins it.The worst part is the constant interuptions no matter what you do. being on the strategy map or in tactical gameplay.Your are not the master in this game. The master is the person who programed the Camera. There is no option to free the camera, allowing you to deside what is important.Everytime something happens big or small, Control is taken from you and the camera is moved.This is frustrating.Performance wise the game is lagging alot, this can manifest in a number of ways most notably you moved a trooper and you must wait until the game feels like selecting the next in line or simply to end the mission.Like I said I want to like this game, and I proberly will once they cleaned it up a bit.The camera needs a complete overhaul before I can say make a positive review.Combat wise it is satisfing. Especialy when a plan comes together and every alien in the ambush goes down."
76561197999385320,Not Recommended,268500,20988911,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,AgentMulder,"I'm conflicted on this. I adored Enemy Unknown/Within, and XCOM 2 improves upon those games in many respects. The customization is great, and (fixable) optimization issues aside, it looks amazing. The new takes on old classes makes certain parts of me tingly, and much of the gameplay is sublime.So why the thumb down? Simple. Timers. God... damn... timers...Simply put, I play strategy games to (shock) strategize. If the occasional mission warrants I move fast (bomb diffusal), okay. I didn't mind it in EU/EW, but here it's every freakin' mission. You're constantly encouraged to avoid detection and set up ambushes, while simultaneously having Central yell at you that, unless you touch the magic objective RIGHT F***ING NOW, the world will end. You have one, maaaaybe two turns if you're lucky to set up, and then you gotta go H.A.M. to make it in time.And it continues into the strategic overview as well. You're constantly bombarded with things to do, while being forced to plow through the campaign or be subjected to more aliens than Texas.I can't understand how anyone thought this was going to be a good idea. Some say it was to curb Overwatch, but that could be done by tweaking overwatch range/accuracy/damage. There was no need to take a legitimate mechanic for bomb diffusal or hostage rescue, and impose it on the entire game."
76561198092371277,Recommended,268500,21189498,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Hogie,Incredible game. I have played more than 50 hours in the last week and it never gets old. There are visual bugs but the core gameplay is unaffected. If you were a fan of the previous xcom games you will like this one. Even if you haven't played xcom in the past I would strongly reccomend giving xcom 2 a try.
76561198019427681,Recommended,268500,21190429,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,rimistarfire,"It has some bugs I have played nly 50 hours and its crashed a few times when doing updates and its annoying, boo hoo.It auto saves alot so I can spend 3 mins re loading it all up.THE GAME FEEL GREAT honestly so much fun I am on my 2nd play through rushing psykers out.It has some balance issues sure like a ton of games like the viper to me is abit of a power house early on but once you understand your enemy you can defeat your enemy. It took me 5 encounters to figure the bloody muton out with that counter attack.All in all a great game I love it. It has bugs like alot of new releases do but non are omg worst game eva bad not even close the game play counteres the annoying bugs easily.also A TON OF PEOPLE have told you how to help with the framerate issue so just stop moaning about it..."
,Recommended,268500,20984375,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rusted Scrap Metal,"Snake based alien slithered up on my Ranger.Wrapped around him.Whispered lovingly in his ear.""Another settlement needs your help..."""
76561198030737163,Recommended,268500,21189413,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,eagle1992,"I do recommend this game entertainment-wise, however, beware online connectivity. My last laptop was corrupted after allowing software in Xcom2 after it was blocked by computer security when I was accessing online functions in the game."
,Recommended,268500,20984562,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Hybrid,This is an immense improvement on the original game.
,Not Recommended,268500,21376347,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,enRAGEd,"This is the first time I actually get around to writing a ""review"" on Steam - let's say I felt compelled.I could write a thorough review where I could present my analysis of the game, and I can tell you right now that it would be mostly positive... after all, the tried and tested gameplay dynamics of EU are thoroughly implemented in XCOM 2, which is exactly what many of us were hoping for, and that alone is a major selling point (at least for me).However, the unfortunate reality is that I find that the game as it stands is not even WORTHY of a review of that kind of nature, because it has not AT ALL been optimized... it plays like an early beta (and even that is a generous statement).For this price tag, I expect at the very least a stable and mostly seamless game in terms of functionality (with exception to large-scale, open world games like F4, Skyrim and the likes where unique bugs are unavoidable due to the sheer magnitude of possible executions). XCOM 2 seamless? Not. Even. Close.Aside from the annoying lack of graphics optimization which causes at times severe drops to FPS, there are shading problems, jittering and a plethora of other issues that affect gameplay... but that, folks, isn't even the worst part.The game has a mind-bogglingly high crash-frequency, and it's impossible to determine most of the causes. Sometimes the game stops working, other times it just closes, and on rare occasions, it actually induces a fatal error in the system causing a blue screen or otherwise forcing a hard reboot. I have NEVER seen the likes of it, and I've done everything in my power on the user side to resolve, or rather mitigate the problems, to absolutely no avail.The crashes have been a show-stopper for many users trying to get in on the noble quest to save the Earth... but, not all.Be advised, if you buy this game, there is a very good chance it will be practically unplayable to you. If you do experience crashes early, immediately get a refund before it's too late, because you more than likely not be able to resolve the issues.TL;DR: XCOM 2 is virtually unplayable due to terrible optimization, and I cannot with a clear conscience recommend this game to anyone at its current quality, especially at the shameful price. I look forward to the patch.EDIT:To date, it's been exactly six months since I made my original review, and I figured I'd try out XCOM 2 again. There's a multitude of different mods, and a series of new DLCs added since the game came out, and I wanted to give it a run.During my first runthrough six months ago, I actually ended up pushing through the game (despite crashing an uncountable amount of times a day). Why? Well, the game IS entertaining, and even though I suffered through hours trying to fix the crashes to no avail, as well as countless restarts due to those very same crashes, I still wanted to get through it. Hey, it was too late for a refund...Now I'm back, and I didn't dream that the game would still be suffering issues... and yet it did. After copious amounts of research (here we effing go again), there seems to be no solution or even trigger for the most common crash, the one that I'm also experiencing. In addition, there seems to be no indication that Firaxis, to be frank, gives one iota of a♥♥♥♥♥♥(it's been happening since the Shen's Last Gift DLC, it would seem).Unbelievable. It sucks that I couldn't change my review.GG Firaxis, (GisRunning == 1) is OP, no re."
76561198041492235,Not Recommended,268500,21341924,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,mischieflounge,This is unbearably slow; I wait 4-5 minutes for a single mission to start even after the update and double shift-lock presses.
76561198067560550,Not Recommended,268500,21289079,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,monopolydog,"Awesome game, super buggy atm. Im thrilled steam workshop is included!"
76561198048556271,Not Recommended,268500,34618502,Posted: 30 August,all,piotr481,"Good game, but with very bad performace. It sucks all joy from playing it."
76561198150902558,Not Recommended,268500,21007468,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,zamboni5000,If you want to play this on Mac you should wait until they figure out how to make it actually run on a Mac. I have seen the spalsh screen for the game once in the last 2 days of trying to launch this AAA title. I'll give it a few more days to see if they can actually patch this to make it work. Buyer beware.
,Not Recommended,268500,20981443,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,shaggy shekel,"You did it again, Firaxis.This kind of performance is unacceptable, considering that the initial release date were postponed for over six months.There is really no excuse for PC exclusive title that runs on Unreal Engine 3 not to have over 100 FPS on i7/R9 390 in 2016, really.I'm looking forward to rebuy the game some time later, when the performance bugs are fixed.Edit:The game itself runs around 50-80fps 1080p on my setup (sometimes dips below 50 [40-30fps] when scrolling around the map!) with all max but AA and vsync off, and locked to 30fps during cinematics."
76561198002731946,Not Recommended,268500,22692651,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Fezzik,"I can't recommend this game, even though i really like Xcom.The bugs, poor performance, needlessly long pauses between actions and other annoyances make a potentially frustating game, exceedingly frustrating.Developers need to stop releasing unpolished, buggy games."
76561198039361091,Not Recommended,268500,34803822,Posted: 7 September,all,Stormbringer,I love this game but I hate that it is giving me so much grief. I just doesn't work. Crashes and PC freezes. Saves go missing. I have uninstalled and re installed several times. This sucks and is a bummer. wish they would fix their games before releasing.
76561198044102643,Not Recommended,268500,21484356,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Savage27,"I enjoy the idea of this game. But honestly this game is really stupid in many senses. It's like I get it that this is simulated combat in a turn based sense. But for how many times i missed a shot when I literally right next to someone is just stupid. Not to mention having an enemy unit make a 15% shot chance from way down town, over and over again is ♥♥♥♥ing dumb. Good idea for a game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shot percentages. This is why you dont buy a game on release. You get stuck with a game you dont enjoy"
76561198022145692,Not Recommended,268500,20987731,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,immortalhunter2003,"There are enough reviews our there on the performance of the game and how dodgy it can be.  There are reviews detracting the pace of the game and the forced time limits in the missions.  For those users who complain about the time limits of the missions think on this.  You are the resistance, you are deep in enemy territory and they have the advantage.  The game does a great job on pushing that on to the player.  You get the strong feel of being the underdog more so then in the pervious titles.  That being said this is where I start to have a problem with the game and the developers and the course this game took.What do I mean by this well lets start with the fact the game is 20 years later.  The resistance has been fighting for years against Advent and the aliens.  So why in the name of all that is holy am I still starting the game off with your typical rifles?  WHY has nothing in the pervious war carried over?  In what universe would a 20 year resistance that had some advanced weapons at the end of the last game AND genetic modifications be reduced to the starting point of X-Com EW.Does anyone else feel this is just a slap to the player?  Where is the intense story?  I spent 20 minutes just trying to find out exactly what happened at the end of the last game and I have gotten nothing that actually makes any sense.  Advent took over the aliens attacked and took over.  Really so what the heck happened to X-Coms war against the aliens and the launch on their home planet?  Why are we stuck with nothing at the start? No Psionics no Gauss no nothing we are basically naked against a enemy that has evolved in 20 years and X-Com has not evolved?  I can not believe this as realistic.The game so far is good but I am feeling let down by this game.  Lets be honest X-Com the LW makes X-Com better than this.  As far as games go I give this a 7/10 for graphics and feel but I have to give it a thumbs down still.*Additional Note here that has me a little annoyed as a modder, programmer, and a gamer.  Upon reviewing the game files at length I noticed within the game code alot of notes and options laid out for development of the game.  Why are these not live, why are they sitting there unpolished?  Simple because the developers and company in general don't give a dang about the players.  They want others to finish the work for them like Long War Studios.  IF anyone cares to look carefully they will see long war published the mods in December of 2015 for this game.  So not only do they get the first jump on putting mods out there they have have had the game files for over a month, have completed some in game tweeks the dev team should have done and are well ahead of any modder who now looks to tackle an advanced mod for this game.  Way to go on the developers and publishers of this game.  As a customer and fan of this series you have lost my bussiness.  Simply because of the tactics played with this one game, and if this is the writing on the wall for the future of gaming well gaming will no longer be a secondary pastime but not a pasttime at all."
,Not Recommended,268500,21823304,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,t h i c c ™,"Here's the thing about XCOM on literally any difficulty setting.Early game : You control 4 squadmates who have no options besides ""FIRE"" and your success is entirely dependent on luck. Slam head against wall and reload.Mid game : You control 6 squadmates with a few options. Kill everything tactically.Late game : You control 6 squadmates with a lot of options. Murder everything mercilessly.Why in the world does the early game not reflect the mid or late game at all?Learn to balance."
76561198071929666,Not Recommended,268500,31162819,Posted: 15 April,all,Fox,"This game is terrible compared to the first one. There are way to many different types of enemies, all super dangerous, capable of essensially 1 shotting your units with super overpowered abilities that can be used from anywere they have line of sight, that start showing up in the first 3-4 missions. This combined with  a super luck based combat system essencially leaves you with the options of save scum to win or smash your face into a wall over and over until things go your way, only to have the enemy get 2 luck crits on a 5% hit chance attack and have another guy pulled across the map by one of the stupid snake people for an unavoidable autokill. Save your money, do not buy this game."
76561198022369703,Recommended,268500,20973066,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,..,"Could be an amazing game.Sadly, it has poor optimization, tons of minor bugs, and still handles just as cumbersomely as the original did.It's still a good game... but all these minor annoyances pile up to keep it from being what it could've been."
,Recommended,268500,21239631,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Bernie Sanderstein,"Great game, and great successor to Enemy Unknown (or Within), familiar mechanics while having a completely diffent feel."
76561198068896166,Not Recommended,268500,35216167,Posted: 25 September,all,Strahan killing Peruvians,FIX YOUR BUGS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ STOP PUMPING OUT DLC AND FIX YOUR DAMN BUGS
,Recommended,268500,29701235,Posted: 4 February,all,Zivilcou,"XCom Enemy Unknown rekindled an old love for turn-based games and XCOM 2 has reaffirmed it.The game created a very real sense of urgency in the first play through. Consecutive play throughs or restarts put me a little bit more at ease.The combat is once again very intense and even though the soldiers are randomly generated you form a very real attachement to them. Especially after you spent some time customizing them.I have had a ton of fun playing this game, high fiving myself for close wins, grimly trudging on after costly victories and of course raising my glass to the fallen."
76561198018298245,Not Recommended,268500,24900993,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,3G2D_TOMMY.StormK,"Couldn't even play the game and refounded it. The amount of problems and crashes in this game are just enormous, even run this game is a quest. Do not recommend it for anyone.May be a good game, but the delivery is REALLY poor, worst then most indies we have access on steam.0/10"
,Recommended,268500,21015001,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"I'm not the biggest strategy fan most of the time. I don't rule those games out, but I don't often go searching for them either. I took a pretty big risk on XCOM 2, I didn't play much of the reboot, Enemy Unknown, but I decided to give this a try. I have to say, its one of the most frustrating, but fufulling gaming experiences I've had in a while.The game has a large RNG component, first of all. If you have a problem with that, just don't play it, you'll go into so much RNG induced rage, you might never recover. If you didn't like Darkest Dungeon or Enemy Unknown, don't bother with this.Now, XCOM 2 takes place 20(?) years after the events of Enemy Unknown, and you lost. The aliens won and took over the planet and now your on the attack, which is reflected in the missions since most of the time you work on timers and your attacking from flanked positions and cover. You really feel like you percieved the aliens in the firts game, and it adds a new element that really separates this game from the first. The maps are better(for the most part, there are some that kinda screwed me on full cover), the gameplay is improved with little tweaks here and there, and even the story is a bit more engaging.I have yet to beat the game, obviously since I'm at 10 hours reviewing this, but even though I'm not super into tactical gameplay, I find myself launching it and playing a few missions at least every 2 or 3 hours. Its very engaging and I think thats all that needs to be said. If your into strategy games and liked Enemy Unknown, its a must buy, just be wary of Performance issues at launch. You do have a 2 hour refund window, it should be enough time to know if your going to have performance drops. Firaxis, fix your game please, some people can't even play it.For everyone else though, its a great game, very difficult but a lot of fun.Buy At Full Price"
,Recommended,268500,26899551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hal-Lor-ween,"I don't have a snake fetish, you have a snake fetish."
76561198025787914,Recommended,268500,20988816,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,laughingpriest,"I have a couple issues with this wonderful game. Made characters, put them in a character pool with export. It's been intructed on many sites that I had to go in to the game files to character pool and then to importable, and I will find the bin file with my charcter pool I created in there. This was not the case for me, and I have found no explanation why or any fix to this annoyance. It happened both my windows laptops.Also trying to use the workshop mods. Not going well at all. I sub to the ones I wanted, closed out of xcom2 relaunched it again, didn't see any mods to click on the launch screen, Tried the same thing but restartted my computer, same miserable results. Again I could not find answers for this across the internet.Is it just me having these problems? I can excuse the glitcheness and poor optimization issues, they can be remedied with mods, but if I cannot download and use the mods to fix problem that chould have treated before launch, then why bother?"
76561197974463258,Not Recommended,268500,21526300,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Prowlinger,"It would be great if after the 5th attempt I could EVER finish the tutorial without it crashing.  Horrible framerate, poor performance... has potential but this is just sure shoddy programming at best. I have hundreds of other titles pushing high res and graphics that have NO single issues...   I wanted to like this game but this is horrible at this point."
,Not Recommended,268500,21758698,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Peepoo XD,"I'll recommend when there's a difficulty that makes me do more than just use flanking and overwatch, and ""optimizing"" doesn't make it run worse and load slower."
76561198073611692,Not Recommended,268500,21948330,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mariel,"The Game is not well designed. It's quite easy to run into a status, where missions cannot be finished anymore, because the aliens are too strong. And then there is no chance to come back into the game - the last chance is to delete everything and start from the scratch.It's not a problem if it's hard gameplay and a mission requires to restart s few times - but if every mission is too hard ... sorry, the game design of the campaign should be better and avoid this kind of frustration!!!I played all parts of XCOM, from the real first one."
,Recommended,268500,29596164,Posted: 30 January,all,PT Lyon,"I believe that the somewhat lower reviews for this game, comparing with the previous one, are just fair. This is simply not as good as the previous XCOM. It has a lot of performance issues, incredible long loading times even on SSD, and that 720p resolution looks simply awful - don't buy unless you can play in Full HD. There were some gameplay changes that made no sense: why to remove the pistols (except for snipers) ?, while others were well done: overwatching shots are not all spend on the first target that moves, like in the first game. Same thing for history. It wasn't as interesting for me as the one from the first game, but yet, they deserve credit for introducing variety and not making an entire equal game. Now the aliens control Earth, and our base is a airship that moves around the planet, which obviously also affects gameplay and gives a refreshed strategy experience.Another big difference is the difficult level. The previous XCOM was difficult, but this one is even worse. I played the previous one in Ironmode, but this one I had to use a lot of save and load ""cheat"" just not to get crushed, and I'm not sure if I even want to try Ironmode. However, the special missions are easier on this one (didn't need to load and save on neither and no soldiers lost - not even close). The base defense one was a piece of cake (while on the previously one was VERY difficult), and the final mission was not very challenging. Normal missions were way more difficult.Oh, btw, timed missions suck.But overall, it's still a very good game, because it's still the XCOM formula, with great mechanics and great gameplay."
76561198052983719,Recommended,268500,26170994,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,killakayzar,I have been an avid X Com fan since the 2d version. This one is absolutely great. The graphics are good and overall strategy to the game is great. My biggest gripe is that the Veteran/Normal difficulty is insanely hard compared to its predecessors. It's difficult in a way that makes it more luck than actual strategy. All the strategy in the world on the Veteran setting will not  aid you as it 95% luck and 5% strategy. The enemies will score critical hits and kills on you in no time on Veteran while on rookie you can get really lucky and stand out in the open and they will miss you. I think it's best to start on Veteran and play through as far as you can multiple times and then play on rookie once you decide to swallow your pride. I peronsally started over on Veteran 7 times before I finally just wanted to see the story. There is an awesome story to this game but you won't see it on Veteran unless you want to reload multiple times. All in all beside the luck variables it's a great game worth playing.
76561198041562114,Recommended,268500,20960273,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,wiz828,"This game is amazing. There are some minor bugs and performance issues, but those should go away over the next couple of weeks, and I would've personally liked a few adjustments to the interface, but the actual gameplay itself is fantastic, even better than the first game."
76561198167782430,Recommended,268500,20962620,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Alistar.TAW,Great game. i love the new aiming mechanics unlike the old games.  1 thing i dont like is getting a mission failure for evacing when main object is complete.(ex. destroying an enemy relay and then evacing with enemies still alive).it want you to kill all enemies even though they arent the priority the relay was. you should be able to do guerilla tactics as they say that how it is. other than that one thing its a great game.
,Not Recommended,268500,21031682,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,HRH Gordon III,"the bugs and performance are absolutely unaccepable for a modern big budget game. I easily exceed the recommended requirements yet i cant even maintain 30 fps, and cutscenes lock you to maximum of 30--not that it matters because youll never actually hit 30.The bugs are also very aggravating. You really shouldnt play this on ironman, as the amount of shooting through walls, aliens warping on top of you between turn etc etc is REDICULOUS."
76561198027618583,Not Recommended,268500,23105932,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Hello Toonie,"It's incredibly much like its predecessor, adding very little and mildly remixing or removing a lot of aspects that made Enemy Within such a balanced spread of fun and depth of strategy.  The ship's room-building strategy feels incomplete and profoundly unrewarding, basically a chore.  One room type seems to exist for the sake of a single mission (ship defense), without a clue that it's a one-off, so you can easily waste time and money building it in anticipation of a repeat which never comes.The story is PURE face-palm.  I was transfixed by the generic awfulness of the ending, I thought perhaps it was a parody of some kind, but the game takes itself far too seriously.Bugs also abound - enemies that do nothing except watch you shoot at them turn after turn until they're dead, and soldiers that sometimes can't move.  I'd swear one or two of the soldier advanced skills basically do nothing.Graphically it's mediocre and not much of a step up from its predecessor.  Outside of cutscenes, character lips don't move even if they're talking and looking right at you.  Creature designs are weak, partly being meh variations on its predecessor, partly being super-generic (sectopod!), and in one or two cases completely laughable (hi, breasty-snake!).Pick up Enemy Within for a cheaper, extremely similar but superior strategy experience.  Skip this one and wait for the inevitable XCOM 3."
,Not Recommended,268500,21926937,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Xalden,"I did not enjoy this game. Currently im submitting for a refund. This game is not BAD, it may not run well on all PC's but this is a game you need to KNOW that you want to play it. It isnt a game to go, ""eh, idk, looks alright."" then spend $60. (IMO) The NPC's kinda wander around and make no sense to why they go to certain places. The first two levels, i had multiple people die on me. Im probably just terrible at this game but the hit chance it says in game is completely inaccurate. if its not, then i had the WORST luck in this game. The game fails to ease you into this style of gameplay. it just throws you in and says deal with it. If you KNOW this is a game you will like and you have played others in the past then go ahead. Apparently, the base management is alot more streamlined making you be able to get to combat quicker. The graphics for the game on ultra are kind of sub-par. Honestly, mid combat looks better than some of the cinematics. Which isnt a bad thing, it just should speak for how bad some of the cinematics are.TL;DRDon't buy it unless you KNOW you will love it.If you aren't sure youll love it, get the older version. It wont be as much of a risk.Have a powerful PC if you wanna run it on high."
76561197967815504,Recommended,268500,21128611,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,sgtkoolaid,"I would say overall I recommend this game, calls back to the old games in many ways. Fun engaging, flexibility in manuvering your characters, as as well as specific and general skills associated with classes makes the engagements fun and interesting.  It is also a beautiful game.However; the game is a bit buggy, and suffers from framerate dips. I have a 4.2 ghz 5820k 16GB ddr4 2667mhz, 980GTX and i was getting sometimes 15-30 fps at times. That is inexcusable. Combine that with the occasional graphical glitch or black screen with the UI overlay ""alien activity"" with sound the only indicator the game did not crash.Would I recommend it? Yes and no. Yes in the fact that its a good successor to the other xcom games, fun, interesting and engaging, deep complex combat, skills, and characters, challenging depending on the setting you put it at(set it at verteran or above be prepared to reload the game lol). And then No, for the bugginess of the game.I would say if you are willing to put up with the bugs, errors, and performance issues; Go for it, you won't be sorry. It is a great purchase. But for me I got a refund and I will come back to it when a patch or 2 resolves the issues plaguing it right now."
76561198253401911,Recommended,268500,33223301,Posted: 4 July,all,jntk,Play like a ♥♥♥♥♥ 2.0
,Not Recommended,268500,21359810,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Nightwave,"It pains me to write this, considering that I'm a very huge fan of Enemy Unknown. I confess that I have not played any of the other titles, but that's an irrevelant point.While the core mechanics and gameplay are solid, as well as nice visual, I cannot recommend the game in its current state. As noted, there are many instances of hiccups and awkward in-game delays. For example, after a unit is killed, there is a rather lengthy pause. I also experienced clipping/invisible enemies on the map. Some of these issues are not entirely gamebreaking though, but it is rather jarring. The pre-mission loading screen takes too long, and if you read the other reviews, you'll find out more issues.It also doesn't help that the chance to hit relies entirely on RNG. I'm not sure where to begin. But the aim/hit system is incredibly inconsistent. Throughout the majority of the game, I lost count how many ""misses"" I experienced on our end. My sharshooter has missed plenty of ""90% hit"" shots. I also notice that enemies such as Vipers (from across the map) have better firing on my team than vice versa. I'm also not sure how the ""positioning/aiming"" system actually works, but there were instances where I would come around a covering, only to find that I would have a less than 70% chance of killing an EXPOSED enemy a few tiles ahead of me.I also notice that the game really throws everything at you from the get-go. More often than not, you'll be stuck with rookie soldiers on your first playthrough. I love playing tactically, and spamming my Overwatch just to be sure, but these time-based missions force you to rush against the constant assault by the enemy. It wouldn't be so bad, but they throw in these Sectoids of whom have an extreme high range of panicking/mind controlling your squad. There is certainly an unforgiving pace, but only for the wrong reasons. The first game had a perfect balance and pace, but this just seems to really throw the nuke at you when you're not careful.If it weren't for the mods adding a support class and allowing benched soldiers XP, I probably wouldn't have gotten as far as I did. Not only does the game need a technical patch, they really need to reevaluate some of the balancing in the enemies and allow current players some breathing room. I pity the ironmen out there."
,Not Recommended,268500,21970764,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Smedrek,"Basically a $60 paperweight on my harddrive.Freezes more than popsicles in a sub zero environment.Crashes more than a drunk driverBut no seriously, getting down to the actuality of it. This game was made in November of 2015. We shouldn't still see reviews for ""buggy and glitchy""♥♥♥♥♥♥should've been fixed a long time ago. Currently having an issue with this game that causes a crash then a black screen and a persistant ""steam cloud sync is finishing"" message which causes all over games to crash when opening my computer.Customer support was of 0 help, I got robotic replies for almost a month (on purpose so i most likely couldn't refund it), then when I finally got help, I demanded somebody give me money back for this, then was immediately shafted by the customer service of 2kGames.Too bad I was a huge fan of the rest of their games. Would appear I no longer will purchase from 2kGames solely due to the way I was treated, and the way they handle themselves.The last response I got from a human was ""You may want to seek help from a computer professional with the issues you are having with XCOM2""...uhh isn't that why i'm asking you for help in the first place?8/10 for gameplay when it freaking works.but 1/10 overall, just an honest mess that shouldnt've been released."
76561198036173291,Not Recommended,268500,21467774,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mudhut Sassypants,"My message to the developers: There's a difference between challenging and punishing. Your game isn't hard, it's punishing. You clearly don't know the difference:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ea6UuRTjkKs"
76561198089365507,Not Recommended,268500,21634872,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Prime,"I've only played this game for a few hours and I'm already frustrated enough to put it down. Most fights end up with incredibly unbalanced hit chances, it might say 60% but it's more like %25 hit chance. Also each fight is a rush to the objective, giving you no time to build a strategy. Don't try and think of a better way of going about the mission either, each mission is random, so no way to learn from your mistakes."
,Recommended,268500,27671779,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,VincentVegas,Must buy game for  Turn-based lover11/10 Would miss again in 90% Chance
,Recommended,268500,20963026,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Lieutenant A.Kouassi,"X-Com 2 what can I say?The first X-Com I thought was a unique game of it's kind. No real, Turn based strategy game could really compare to the theme of it.The second one though, everything is so much better.- New Graphics- Overhauled management system- Much more in depth customisation- Improved Base Management- Improved Combat- Much more satisfying gameplay- New abilities/gameplay mechanics- Much more challenging A.I and threat system- Really threatening enemies- The list could go on and it will when I decide to spend time writing this but for now after playing from release until the following morning I can say I am eager to continue my campaign.Great game, great series, great developers and modding community too!"
76561197977649322,Recommended,268500,20961505,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Echoic,It's good!
76561198040536072,Not Recommended,268500,20971745,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,avhurst,Game wouldn't even start.Strongly recommend anybody interested in this waits 6-12 months to see if 2K can fix it.
76561197993268333,Not Recommended,268500,21025507,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,tabu_niw,"Right now, I sadly can't recommend the game; there are simply too many bugs ,and a few design decisions, that make this game more frustrating than enjoyable.The random numbers are pre-generated whenever a new map is loaded. Meaning, sometimes your units WILL miss four times in a row. No matter how you position them, if it's overwatch or not, if the displayed chance to hit 100% or if the enemy is flanked, they will miss four times. So, if you use bad tactics and reload to try something different, you just wasting time because the outcome is already determined.And sometimes the aliens WILL hit, no matter what you do. Even through walls and floors, without them having seen your doomed units previously.Speaking of walls, it seems that they don't block the line of sight very reliable. It's very frustrating if you set up a nice ambush (in the rare case the map doesn't have a VERY tight turn limit), and the aliens notice your units through a wall or door, kill one or two, and poison the rest though the wall without even opening the door.Also, my first campaign save suddenly couldn't be loaded any more; it just crashed the game without any error.I hope Firaxis will fix them eventually, but until then you should better play something less frustrating."
76561197994292625,Not Recommended,268500,22308286,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Zx,Feel like it is a reskin of XCOM that could've been cheaper as a DLC.  It doesn't bring more to the table compared to the first one aside from adding asinine objective time limits to missions.
76561198023677282,Not Recommended,268500,22012017,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Cryptic101,"WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD!The predecessor XCOM: Enemy Unknown might have been difficult to mod, but that's probably the worst thing that could be said about it. Once modded the gameplay was amazing. Especially with the Long War mod.Yes, there were still some things wrong with the predecessor, even after modding.But to call XCOM2 'weak' would really be a shame.Because that would waste the perfect application of the term 'abysmal' for this game.Why?1) The actual premise of shooting down UFOs (that's were the series came from, guys, it was originally called ""UFO: Enemy Unknown"") was totally and completely removed from the game.No more figher planes, no more interceptors, nothing. Simply gone.That's like taking city building out of Civilization. Stupid. Game breaking for me.2) The premise of a small resistance group being able to do what it does in the game is totally ludicruous.But hey, it's sci-fi, it doesn't have to follow logic, right?Wrong.For something that has turned into a terribly stupid economy- and turn-based-combat simulator the game logic is utterly ludicrous again.EVERYONE on the combat map suddenly becomes visible if even ONE soldier is spotted makes for some totally immersion-breaking moments EACH AND EVERY COMBAT MISSION. Why would I keep someone back from the frontlines only to have him suddenly become a target when somebody else who is nearly a mile away is spotted is beyond me.Because now there is NO CHANCE WHATSOEVER of leading the enemies on a wild goose chase by fleeing (visibly) with one soldier and dragging them behind me while the rest of the stealthed team moves in on the mission target. No chance for this basic maneuver. Due to some total balloney BS of a game logic.Strategic map:Yeah, ADVENT is in control of the world, we get it.We don't know anyone around the world who opposes them except our own little group. But we were the greatest force to oppose the aliens 20 years ago. Now we are nothing but a powerless group of gimps trying to get a F'ING HUGE ALIEN SHIP to fly again. Yeah, great logic.While we, as the resistance group on the 'strategic map' (hah, what is strategic about it, can anyone tell me?!?) can't simply broadcast on short-wave radio across the globe to simultaneously reach ALL resistance groups at once. Especially with a damn f'ing huge alien ship (where did it come from, anyway?) can't do a little radio building of our own.Naaah, too logical. Nah, can't be done.Sorry. Stupid logic does not trump sci-fi based logic.This list could go on for quite a few pages.3) A random number generator that generates a new roll every time the game is reloaded but still (and I checked) fails to come up with a number below 43% (which at that time was my chance to hack a heavy advent mec) after 50 (FIFTY) attempts is not a random number generator. Something is fixed there.Or my four failed attempts to successfully apply a dead-eye shot with a final adjusted to-hit percentage of 94% with my plasma sniper rifle, a superior scope, the aiming PCS, and tracer rounds.Yeah, very very likely, that chance.Nuff said, otherwise I'm gonna go random on some developer's a$$.4) A tech tree that is so shallow that you can have it finished after a mere two months game time?Merely three weapon groups (basic, magnetic, plasma). No more laser, no more REASON to have different weapons. Once you reach plasma the end is reached. No more advancement, not even the slightest increment after that. No matter how many scientists you have. No chance to apply your possibly dozens of scientists to upgrading the clip sizes, or the ranges, or the damage, or... or... or...Nothing.Especially the ludicrous game logic of loading electorinic warfare bluescreen BULLETS into a PLASMA rifle.Shouldn't the PLASMA rifle fire PLASMA?Which is a super-heated stated of atomic nuclei stripped of their electrons (therefore being UNABLE TO BE A BULLET ANYMORE BECAUSE THERE IS NO MORE MOLECULAR COHESION?)Still only ONE grenade for every soldier except the grenadier who can (hold your breath) carry at best FOUR grenades.WOW! Now that is one hell of a grenadier, right? Especially as he carries an ancient ONE-SHOT grenade launcher design from around the 1940's. Wow, now that is really modern tech, isn't it?Still only ONE ammo type for each soldier. No choices of changing ammo during the mission.No mecs, no cyber-units. Upgrading of specified soldiers abilities of totally boring two choices each level.No adjustability AFTER the fact.Once you pick, you are stuck with it, even when the choice you made turned out to be totally useless (and trust me, there are quite a few really useless abilities in the game, such as all pistol skills for the snipers.)No useful avenger upgrades except those 16 few vertical slots. Again, a flat side-view.Scientists and engineers with as much personality as an Excel spreadsheet.Who would have thought that the original UFO: Enemy Unknown would still have a better base building technique than a game 20 years younger? Not better graphics, no, butter a much more intersting premise.Anyone still remember the 3d- building slots that allowed you to lay out your own base in the original game?With defensive stations that actually did something useful instead of simply upgrading your theoretical defenses.Especially because after the first UFO was evaded in this game I never ever saw another UFO again during my whole game. So what do I need those stupid defense stations for?Boooooring. Snooze-fest!5) A ranged game that has absolutely useless ranges for their weapons.Many weapons have the problem of being barely able to clear a street -across, not lengthwise.Sometimes you have problems of shooting across a room, as that already seems to be beyond the acceptable range for some weapons BECAUSE YOU ALREADY GAIN RANGE PENALTIES FOR IT!Even the sniper rifle is barely able to shoot along a street, much less along a street block of three houses.Come on, my slingshot at home has a greater range (and probably damage) than that stupid sniper rifle.Dito for other classes.The Ranger class that has amazing cinematographics for the first few times they strike down an enemy. After that the enemies become far too tough for that stupid useless toothpick of even the most advanced swordtype to do squat against virtually any enemy except the weakest. And the Ranger's shotgun requires the Ranger to be almost on top of the enemy.Yeaaaah, great. Why not give me a spear and a sling with stones. Maybe I would actually get a better range with that than with my shotgun.Psionic soldiers, errr operatives, that require a clear view of the enemy AND also nearly have to be up close and personal. Blaargh.Nah, don't make me go into more detail.The ranges and even the best upgrades in the tech tree totally suck.6) Bugs and balancing issues still riddle this crash fest of a game.I don't know how often the game crashed during my one play-thru. But I lost count at around 30.When did Firaxis subscribe to the current gaming industry standard of releasing seriously unfinished and untested product?7) And finally, an ending that was so anti-climactic that it nearly put me to sleep.Oh boy, are you guys gonna be surprised the first time you see it.It probably was one of the worst endings in the full UFO series I have ever seen.Nah, not worth it.Forget about this game. Maybe when, or rather IF, some of the Long War modders have finalized a full game overhaul of the complete logic then you might consider this game.But only once this game has landed in the bargain bin of Steam.Cause I wouldn't pay $10 for it in its currents state.But even the most amazing mod won't bring interceptors back again.Sad, sad state of afairs for the gaming industry."
76561198145960927,Not Recommended,268500,21972035,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Epicpig1301,Keeps on freeze in cutcine after tutarial
76561198014219346,Not Recommended,268500,21493730,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Balistic,Game is absolutely frustrating to play. They made the gameplay artificially slow so you wait between each event for multiple seconds eventhough nothing is happening. Would have been a good game if it was playable.
76561198033878793,Not Recommended,268500,21127765,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Everayn,I would not recommend buying this game until they get all the bugs sorted out.The line of sight bug where you/enemies can spot you through doors/walls can ♥♥♥♥ up the entire mission. I've also had soldiers getting flanked from positions which should be safe
76561198041372439,Not Recommended,268500,21439154,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Vanrar,"I really didn't like this game. There's a lot of new things, and some stream lining elements that make some things outside of combat better. But at the heart is the tactical combat gameplay, and that's really gone another direction from the previous XCOM. I personally do not enjoy the timed mission element on every single mission. I know other people do and that's fine. While this change is different compared to the first XCOM, it becomes a pain when every mission is timed. You have to throw caution to the wind to complete the objective, and the game punishes you for that. And if you fail, then game punishes you just as severly in a different way.There's no slow and steady in this game, that tactic is gone. It's now balls to the wall rushing into bad cover and getting nailed. But don't forget to flank! Oh wait, you now can miss quite easily while flanking. Get used to missing even with good shots. I don't think there is even much point to flanking, as you easily get out flanked when flanking. So the risk vs reward isn't there at all. But it seems the AI doesn't have any issue hitting your troops and they will hammer you even when you're in full cover.This game is quite different to the first XCOM, and I honestly don't like XCOM 2 at all. I'm going back to the original which had the right amount of risk vs reward to it."
76561198071215446,Recommended,268500,23478585,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Artisan Cheese,"TL;DR at the bottomIm gonna be totally honest, im giving this game a positive review because there isnt an ""its ok"" rating.I absolutely loved XCOM: EU and I'm a huge fan of tactial combat and strategy games. Not only did i sink quite a bit of time into XCOM: EU, but i actually bought the iOS version so i could play it when im away from my computer.Like a lot of other fans of XCOM, when i saw XCOM 2 announced and i saw all the trailers for how the game looked and how much more stuff there was going to be in XCOM 2, I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants in excitement. I preordered the game and I was so ♥♥♥♥ing ready to play this game. You can imagine how upset i was when the game launched and was practically unplayable because it ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥for so many people. I was willing to wait however, because i knew this game was going to be great.Promptly after the Launch Day issues were resolved, a lot of people were saying that the game was unplayable, and to an extent, it still is. XCOM 2 is arguably one of the most difficult and punishing squad-based tactical combat strategy games on the market today. When the game first launched and everyone was talking about XCOM 2, i heard a lot of statements that followed the general idea of ""XCOM 2 is the Dark Souls of combat strategy games"".THIS IS ABSOLUTELY 100% TRUE.Much like dark souls, XCOM 2 does not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about your precious little feelings. ""Im sorry to hear that you missed with a 99% chance to hit, but you're still going to die here""  Clearly, there is a lot of XCOM:EU still reminiscent in XCOM 2, but there also isn't. This is why i feel so torn about giving this game a positive review, because i cant give it a neutral review, but i don't think it deserves a negative review. Let me run through the pros and cons real quick.Pros:+Excellent turn-based strategy that you know from XCOM:EU+Abundant customization options (who wouldn't want to slice sectiods in half while wearing a top-hat and monocle?)+DIVERSITY (good lord are there a lot of different enemy types in XCOM 2, which is something that i wish XCOM:EU had. I get that there are elite type enemies in XCOM:EU, but in the end theyre pretty much the same enemies, but stronger. XCOM 2 has a large variety of completely different enemies that have their own seperate abilities, armors, weapons, hopes, dreams, etc.)+MELEE COMBAT (why wasn't this is the vanilla XCOM:EU?)+Mod Support (idk about you guys, but if you arent saving the world as Guy Fieri, Shrek, John Cena, and Hatsune Miku, i think youre playing this game wrong)~Unbalanced Gameplay (I love an uphill battle, and i totally understand that an uphill battle is exactly what the devs were going for when they made the game. After all, youre the resistance. You dont have military-grade stuff, so naturally the enemy will have better weapons and equipment. I put this as an iffy kind of thing as many people might be upset about the steep difficulty curve.)~Lack of customization options (?) (honestly im not sure if this is the right way to put this, but i wish there were more basic styles for faces and hair. I kept getting recruits with the same faces, and i like to think that the resistance were only recruiting people from the same bloodline, but since those people kept dying, i dont think their bloodline would have lasted very long.)Cons:-HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS HARD (I like an uphill battle, but this game is unfairly difficult. There's the obvious 99% chance to hit situation, but there has been more than one time where i was directly adjacent to an enemy and i had a 35% chance to hit with a melee attack. Not a ranged attack, a MELEE attack. Honestly, the swords would do better to just be a decorative piece than an actual weapon.)-Unoptimized (don't expect to be able to run this on any computer that could just barely run XCOM:EU)-Unoriginal Story line (I really do want to like the story of XCOM 2, but i would have greatly prefered a situation where we did defend earth, but they came back in greater numbers, like the new independence day movie.)-Less than (inter)Stellar voice acting (I didnt find Tygan or Lily to be super interesting characters. Like, i understand that  XCOM:EU's Dr.Shen would have taken a major stand against the alien forces and died doing such, but I find it a little odd that his daughter, who apparently would have been a little girl during the events of XCOM:EU, grew up to do the exact same thing as her father, with the exact same, if not more, skill as her father. Also, where the hell did Dr.Vahlen go? RIP(?))I feel like a lot of the points I've made about the game's difficulty could be best sumarrized by the Best Friends Play XCOM 2 series. I believe there are 7 parts to the series, but im probably wrong about that. They do a great job of going into greater depth about a lot of the topics i've covered here, but then again, theyre considerably bigger losers than i am.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpAdhLcuSjkTL;DRIn the end i have to give this game a 7.5/10If you like games with a 90 degree difficulty curve, smashing keyboards out of anger, and beating your head against a brick wall until you or the wall falls, then you will love this game.Also it helps if youre a fan boy of XCOM:EU and Dark Souls like I am."
76561198025015439,Recommended,268500,20985753,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,davecore,"I feel that writing a review before finishing a game is wrong, but in this case I will make an exception.  I am currently running this game with the following specs:EVGA GTX  980RAM 16gbCPU i5 4670kWIN 7 premium 64 bitMechanical HDDI am currently playing with everything maxed at 2560X1440, and I honestly don't see any performance issues that are game breaking in any way. I have been reading so many negative comments from people that are experiencing low or inconsistent FPS. Turn off what ever you are using to record the FPS, and stop concentrating on these numbers. This is the biggest way to ruin a game for you. It hurts even more when you have a banging game machine. I used to obsess about FPS, and would beat myself over the head trying to run a game to meet a steady 60 FPS. I had to stop. I realized I was spending too much time worried about FPS, and not enough time actually playing the game.This game is awesome, and is such a huge improvement over EU, and EW.  There are so many personal stories waiting to be told within this game. I played for only 3 hours, and already experienced some awesome moments, I can't wait to dig deeper.Firaxis hasn't wronged us. They haven't come to our homes, and kicked our dogs. They just released a game. If you feel ripped off, get a refund. Meanwhile, I'll be mu♥♥♥♥in' save-spamming, and killing sectoids. Peace."
,Recommended,268500,20983125,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Booooom,"It seems to have the same issue as xcom - enemy within when it comes to my setup where it randomly freezes and i have to CTRL+ALT+DEL to close it then steam also crashes with no fixes, would love to see a fix so i can actually play a game i just spent £35 on"
,Not Recommended,268500,29120570,Posted: 8 January,all,chemchris,Waited so long for this game and it was garbage. They changed everything I loved about it.
76561198073522084,Not Recommended,268500,22306737,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Neumann347,"The bugs, the retconning, and the crap storytelling at the ending are all too much. Had it."
,Recommended,268500,21407645,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,WhyYouHere,"Great game with many improvements from the game before it: enemy unknown. The idea of being in the resistance and actual resistance OPs and stealth are alluring and great fun. In my time I've finished commander and legend ironman and its been hella fun. The game does have severe performance issues which have not been adressed yet, although are being worked on by firaxis. The moddability in this game makes it a must buy for me though even through all of its performance issues."
,Not Recommended,268500,20977342,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Wabbit Gone Bad,"Returned for Refund, missions are time based, if you enjoyed that in first game, worth a buy (it appears) as there is enough other stuff , but I hated the timed missions and hence got a refund."
,Recommended,268500,20969489,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Enthusiastically Wrong,"tl;dr If you're a fan of XCOM or tactical strategy games, you'll probably enjoy this. The difficulty is steep but for those who like hard games this may be part of the appeal. Performance concerns addressed below(zero spoilers) -For the record my rig is running a Radeon 380 GPU and FX6300 CPU, so nothing too fancy. Upper mid level at best. Now then...Little more in depth(NO SPOILERS):XCOM 2 goes the opposite direction of the first game in terms of plot. Rather than defending the Earth or, as Sid Meier put it, ""playing not to lose"", XCOM 2 puts you in the role of the resistance fighters after the aliens won 20 years prior. Some old characters return, with a cast of new ones as well, and the roster of enemies to kill has increased by quite a bit.Graphically the game looks pretty great. I had lag when I first booted up at the main menu but it was because the game defaulted to maxed out settings. Although my GPU isn't at the very top of the line, it is now running the game quite splendidly with all of the settings maxed except Anti-Aliasing. For some reason that's the only setting that seems to be giving my rig trouble. But it still looks pretty good with that turned down.Sound-wise, it's pretty standard fare. Dramatic music when the xenos spot you, triumphant orchestras when outfitting your squad. It does its work, sounds high quality, and is pleasant to hear but isn't spectacular. But not every studio can afford to hire Jeremy Soule.Performance(CPU) could be better. Considering this is day 1 of release I'm not surprised that the optimization is what it is. Loading screens sometimes lag, turns take maybe a second or two longer than you feel that they should, but overall it's not dreadful. I haven't had any freezing in game at all. Compared to some releases, XCOM 2 feels pretty smooth. My old FX6300 doesn't have any trouble with it, and that's a lower-mid AMD chip.Gameplay is what you would expect from XCOM. Fans of the last game will be able to pretty much jump right into the action. Start off with rookies and no special equipment, promote them as they gain experience and skills, cry when your favorite soldier gets killed by a rogue laser... good stuff. The chance to hit with each attack is percentile based, so bare that in mind. Some players may not enjoy that aspect. Difficulty can be adjusted however so if the game feels too hardcore you may still find a level you enjoy.Graphics - 9/10Sound - 8.5/10Gameplay - 9/10"
,Recommended,268500,20983656,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Broski,BrilliantI'm glad to be back.I highly recommend this game to anyone who has played any XCOM game or simply any turn based strategy games.
76561198039691603,Not Recommended,268500,22351993,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Ωmni,"I have some experience with older Command and Conquer games, Final Fantasy Tactics: Advance, and Fire Emblem, but this is the first and only XCOM game I'll ever play. I absolutely hate this game, and wish I hadn't thrown away $60 on such an unpolished mess.My main problems with XCOM 2 are (in no order):The game does a very poor job of informing the player about vital mechanics.I hate all four characters: Tygan, Shen, the pilot, and Mass Effect's The Elusive Man after about 80 more years of heavy chainsmoking.The game is way too difficult during the first third, especially for a first-time player.Enemy abilities are never explained. Unless you know beforehand, you have to risk your pawns' very important lives just to know how to fight enemies you've canonically seen before in some form.Attack range is never explicitly shown. FF Tactics: Advance managed to do this beautifully 13 years ago on the GBA.To manually path around hazards, you have to waste a move rather than the game having a competent pathing system.There are too many things happening at any time on the overworld. I have like 6 things to scan, 3 dark events going on, a resistance raid, Avatar Project targets, monthly reports, and research all overlapping each other.The game never tells you that a sniper can't fire his rifle after moving.For some reason, a soldier will be gravely wounded after taking only 4 damage out of 17 health, and I've healed it with a medkit.Supplies are too scarce for the first third of the game. By the final third, I contantly had over 2000 that I couldn't spend on anything.Unless you've already played through XCOM 2, you will not properly lay out the additional rooms you can add to your ship unless you spend even more time and supplies fixing it.After you beat it, it plays some cutscenes, and that's it. No New Game + or anything.Soldiers' voices will often glitch, and play in a language, sometimes even gender, other than what's selected.It's often far too difficult to click on specific tiles when targeting abilities like melee attacks and grenades.It seems like Vipers can grab you from literally across the map.You can have your engineers build ""experimental"" armor, weapons, grenades, and ammunition. This actually means that you throw away at least one elerium core and wait 7-30 days for a random item in that category that you may already have."
,Not Recommended,268500,21420952,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Kinney,"I really wanted to like this game but it quickly turns in to1. Don't ever get shot2. Kill everything on the first turn or get wrecked3. Reload or start a new game until this is figured outI don't understand how the pod/reveal system is a thing. It doesn't make sense that aliens don't try to attack you until you're close enough, it turns the game into guessing which square, it removes all the creepyness of the original xcom when aliens are opening and closing doors far away from you but you can't see them.It's too bad really."
76561198025528538,Not Recommended,268500,21580240,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,sharang2,"I loved XCOM and XCOM EU; but the fact is that those games were significantly more fun to play, even on high difficulties and ironman.  The mechanics have been shifted past the point of 'frustratingly difficult' to simply 'unfun'.  The randomness generated is not balanced around Ironman or higher difficulties, much less both.  This can lead to, say, your third mission blasting you with three or four Vipers; opponents who stunlock your team one at a time.  When you encounter three opponents who can stunlock you in one pack, and you haven't gotten past a 4 man squad, you immediately lose.This isn't a roguelike where I have some option of variety in the first few levels.  RNG can just wipe out twenty hours.  The game is buggy, but more than that; it's just unfun."
76561198009764899,Not Recommended,268500,34423752,Posted: 22 August,all,Excoriator,"Game breaking bug that stopped my progress without starting a level again. Others have same issue, which is a shame its not sorted by now!!"
76561197982931559,Recommended,268500,21004102,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,asp808,"If you liked or loved the first one, Xcom 2 improves in almost every way. If you hated xcom EU/EW you'll hate this because the game is ultimately still unforgiving, relies in part on RNG, and wont walk you through the apocolypse (nor should it!).EVERY GAME has preformance issues day 1, and personally after 15 hours I havent found any game breaking bugs. Give the developers some time to sort out performance/optimization issues, and give the community sometime to create mods to cater to all the things you want altered.With all the developer support, the replayability of the base game, and the literally endless ways the community will create additional content, you will honestly be hard pressed to find better value for money"
,Recommended,268500,20985081,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,archangel_44703,This is a good sequel to the rebooted XCom franchise. Probably one of the better sequels I have played.
,Recommended,268500,20985800,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Hirnu,"Welcome to X-COM 2! Good Guy Terrorist Edition!In X-COM 2, you'll be freeing humanity from the clutches of our new alien overlords of 20 years! You play as the commander of the previous game, and with your track record of losing the planet to aliens, you were the first man they spent 2 decades to hire. God help us.But they probably recognise it wasn't your fault, since even the best tactician in the world can't win a fight with sub-standard troops. Which brings us onto 'Rookies'. Rookies are the mystical genetic blend of a stormtrooper's one night stand with a red shirt. Rookies could aim to breathe, miss, and then panic at someone doing it correctly as they are clearly a threat to their existence. Having a squad of rookies is asking for trouble, one panicky little♥♥♥♥♥♥can start a tantrum spiral that would make Dwarf Fortress revel in glee.But in all seriousness, X-COM 2 has been a solid improvement to EU/EW. Even with day 1 bugs it felt solid to play, has a lot of interesting lore and new mechanics, but retains the original X-COM charm of having troops miss stunned enemies at point blank range only to get mindraped by sectoids. Recommended!"
76561198024422156,Recommended,268500,20980989,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Venom Snake,"XCOM® 2 is a 3D-but-isometric-tactical-shoot-them-aliens-up game. The plot boils down to this: extraterrestrial beings have taken over the world and it's your job to take it back. You need to dissect aliens and research their technology in order to find out more about them and come up with ways of defeating them.Positive:The game plays extremely similar to XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Taking cover, shooting, researching, upgrading your base and many other things feel very similar. There are, however, new features that are all built upon that rock solid base that we, or I, know and love. My personal favourite and in my opinion biggest feature is a stealth mode. You can't Metal Gear Solid the game up by silently taking down enemies, but you can now avoid them, sneak around them to set up ambushes and create massive tactical advantages. The game also features a load of new enemies. Most old enemies from XCOM: Enemy Unknown have been genetically modified using human DNA, making for more powerful enemies than ever before, because YES, this game is HARD. I recommend people who aren't familiar with XCOM play XCOM: Enemy Unknown before picking this up.Something XCOM: Enemy Unknown was, in my opinion, already good at got massively improved: character customization! The higher the level of your character, the more you can unlock and the more unique your characters will become. I am a massive fan of extensive character customization and I absolutely love playing around with the customizer in this game. It has a load of options and features something for everyone's taste: wacky, tactical or whatever's inbetween, it's in there somewhere.Negative:I don't have many problems with this game, except for it's framerate. I recommend you watch out with this if your PC has low specifications, because I run it at 30 to 40 FPS, even though this PC can easily handle GTA V on some of the highest settings and still run it at a smooth 60 FPS.My verdict:A solid 8.5/10"
76561197976552453,Not Recommended,268500,30342777,Posted: 5 March,all,Osseric,"Game is unbalanced. World map feels rushed and can't ever finish collection supplies or making contact without something else urgent happening. Avatar starts way too soon with nothing you can do to slow it down because you need to make contact with those regions, which you need to build a radio room in your ship, which cost supplies, which you can never finish getting because of an urgent mission, which a big bad mutant shows up to ruin your match and take up all your time leaving you none to finish. This game is Aggrevation incarnate constantly rushed, constant running into a patrol around the corner and one of your guys gets wrecked because the enemies health armor and weapon progression far outpace what you  are able to do. Game just feels to fast pace. Oh and then theres all the bugs. Most of the saves you make just puff and vanish, game wil randomly crash and a whole host of other issues. Compared to the Last XCOM this one feels unfinished, unbalanced, and unpolished."
76561197961524539,Recommended,268500,21087998,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Shoostah,"Unlike most people, i have had no performace issues. My game has not crashed nor frozen. My only real issue with this game is why is the hit % so inaccurate? It was not this bad in EU/EW. Why do they need to lie to us and say i have a 98% chance to hit with 2 of my squad mates, then i miss them both and it ends up killing me off. This is not right. This encourages people to savescum and reduces actual strategy needed and increases pray to RNgeezus"
76561198041076023,Recommended,268500,21078013,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Labfam96,"I loved XCOM Enemy Unkown and XCOM 2 is just better in every way. I hate long reviews so lets keep this short.ProsThe new concealment mechanic is great and makes for some satisfying ambushes.The new soldier classes feel new enough to me ( Ranger & Sharpshooter being my favorite ).The game looks much better and the maps are more immersing.ConsThe frame rate seemed to drop at random times and I am not sure why.The timers on most of the missions got old after the first couple. Make sure you save at the start and have auto save on to save you some headache later.To fixI would like to see just troopers in cities and aliens out in the country.Final viewIf you are a fan, you already bought this game. If you are new to xcom, I would start off with enemy unkown to get a feel for this game."
,Recommended,268500,21522297,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,The Cheese Sauce Please,"If you enjoy any kind of Turn-Based strategy games, or you've played Enemy Unknown. This is everything you expect and 100x more.Difficulty is up to 10, but not to the point where you get frustrated, but to the the point where you feel so motivated to complete the mission.The addition of time pressure to the game overall, as the Alien's secret weapon is in construction, time is of the essence, every second and every move you make in the World Map is crucial, don't waste time or you will feel the consequences.The graphics themselves are wonderful, nothing to write home about, but a definite improvement.The newly added character customisation also adds a whole new experience as you can create your own units or even escort units. The customistation is quite developed for a game like this.Overwatch ability can also create some wonderful moments which can either make you full of pride, as you witness your units totally wreck the opponent or leave you out in the open for attacks.But as always, games like these arent perfect. The whole chance to hit system still feels ♥♥♥♥ed, but not as bad as before. The whole 'you're next to a guy but you have 60% chance to hit' can be aggrevating. But for me atleast it didn't happen too often. Everyone's game experiences varies in how badly ♥♥♥♥ed they can get because of it.The story is a unique one, normally we're defending earth, but now we are trying to take it back from the aliens. It's loosely attached to Enemy Unknown, so if you havent played that you can still play this without knowing what happened before."
,Not Recommended,268500,22875888,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Disciple of the Black Sun,The number of crashes my game undergoes renders it nearly unplayable. I love the gameplay and enjoy the game but eventually I can't progress in a mission because the game keeps crashing and I need to start all over again. This happens with and without mods.
76561198034110070,Recommended,268500,20988487,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,tonygz88,"Ive been playing the Xcom games for 20 years, this one is the best by far. So many new awesome features. Played over 8 hours today and I love it!"
,Not Recommended,268500,26622894,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Papibaquígrafo_,"I cannot play XCOM 2 on my windows. A crash report on a dialog box stop the game execution, a log is send with you agree with it. The download of net.framework 3.5 is required, I make the download of net.frame 4.6 and the problem was not solved. Unfortunately. :("
,Recommended,268500,20960165,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,poo,"Once they fix the bugs in this game, it will definitely be in the running for game of the year! Still very playable even with the nagging issues."
76561198018460505,Recommended,268500,20965131,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"An absolutely awesome game that continues the great qualities of the first. Although in XCOM 2 the desperation is palpable, all of EARTH is occupied by the Alien menace that now uses human/alien hybrids called the ""Advent"". Right away the action is reminiscent of the original, which is a good thing! Each action looks like a short film, the firing of the rifles is absolutely beautiful, only multiplied by a rib crunching strike against an enemy trooper. XCOM 2 also puts alot of emphasis on the psychic and psionic threat of the aliens. While you may be safe at a distance from being turned into purple jelly by a plasma ray, an advanced alien might use a technique to make you panic, running maniacally into the enemy only to be slaughtered at close range.Ive notice some people had complaints about lag, the only times I noticed the lag issues where in the pod before a mission, and I am hoping 2k can quickly solve this problem. Also the loading between each members turn can take awhile. This game has a much more ""Guerilla"" feel, you are trying to create a resistance team to finally crush the alien race. Did I mention Lore? Lore Lore Lore, especially if you were a fan of the last game this one will have you drooling at the mouth.9/10 Great Job!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKxJkkNVCj8"
76561198304071402,Recommended,268500,23353496,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Furies75,"OK. Great Game. I was a fan of XCOM way back. I started with Terror From the Deep a long time ago and now enjoying XCOM2 on the PC...played XCOM on console a year ago. Lots of little bugs, but nothing that killed my game. Very unforgiving if you don't play it right from the start, but kept me on the edge of my seat for about 40 hours."
,Not Recommended,268500,28625116,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cantabile,"I loved the first game, played it on every port of it that was released. I want to love this game. Know what I want more? For it to have 30 FPS and menus that don't lag several seconds behind the mouse even with all settings at low and a machine well over the recommended spec. Simple functionality like rebinding your keyboard STILL hasn't been fixed and it's been almost a year. Do not buy this game, do not give it money.It's a damn shame. Was one of my most anticipated releases that turned out to be one of the biggest disappointments, even with the bugginess and spotty performance that the first game and it's mobile ports had braced me for."
76561198032253389,Not Recommended,268500,31682618,Posted: 11 May,all,Yokothespacewhale™,"seriously the most enfruriating piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I was ever excited about.Was able to do first play through out of pure nostalgia.Tried picking it up again, year or so later.Watched my first ambush on the first mission have three successive misses.Watched three of my units in full cover get hit for 3 dmg the next turn.Have memories of guy missing flanked enemy by shooting car being used as cover, blowing it up, and killing himself.Exited game.That's X-Com, baby!Seriously I have no idea how this game is so popular.Top review pretty much nails the particulars. This game is so dice heavy it's not really a strat game. What little skill is involved in clicking units into flanking positions is pretty much undermined by said dice dependency. Strategy choices are flank or blow up everything. Or both. Any of the three choices needs to be done quickly. Just about every mission has a time limit. So, you fail if you really spend any time setting your units up. In other words, you fail for trying to employ strategy.If you like games of chance, Poker Night would be a better choice than this as it  requires more skill, is funnier, and didn't cost full price. The tf2 drops alone are better than the DLC XCOM 2 provided.I still play this game because I'm a masochist and enjoy having my virtual life be just as hoplelessly full of failure as my real one. Don't recommend it at all though."
76561197964663096,Not Recommended,268500,29537679,Posted: 28 January,all,ph0ib0s,"If you ever played XCOM enemy unknown, you know that many little strategic gameplay details are missing in this game.Things like: field of view, day/night and many more, made the old game challanging and fun.Those strategic gameplay elements are gone. This makes the current XCOM game much simpler and less chellenging.In fact, an excellent strategic game has been turned into an arcade style  game for casual players...Basically unc00l nailed it all in his review...- Timers force you to rush and limit your choices. This makes the game very linear and boring.- Chit chance 90% is in reality more like 20%. You feel cheated by the game all the time.- You don't really have a choice to accept a mission or not, You are allmost allways forced to do what the game tells you to do....- Not enjoyable, even with mods."
76561198014702049,Not Recommended,268500,29056217,Posted: 6 January,all,Lord Tommy,"Pretty tired of an 81% chance to hit actually being a 0% chance to hit.I have 175 hours into XCOM Enemy Unknown/Within.  I got a lot of play out of that one.  And I preordered the big special edition of this expecting that this one would surpass that.Well, it didn't.  I finished my first playthrough of the game in about 24 hours and it was very frustrating.  This was before any of the content packs went live (as they were not at launch when I got the game).After seeing all the DLC had been released I loaded it up again eager to try out the new stuff.  But the new stuff, it really isn't that interesting at all.  With Enemy Within there were huge additions to the game.  Mechanized soldiers or bio enhanced ones added new depth to your strategies.The ones for X2 here mostly added aesthetics, a few interesting but overall useless weapons, and robot soldiers, which is just a retread of the exact same robot soldiers from XCOM  Enemy Within.Here I sit at about 59 hours in a love hate relationship with this game, I actually want to play it again but then I remember all the frustrating things about it.One of the things XCOM2 does is have more urgent missions, which is fun in a way.  You can't overwatch creep through maps, you have to move quickly and you have to take risks.  Unfortunately those risks often end in really bad results.This is a puzzle game.  The puzzle is loading multiple times to get the correct execution so you don't lose any one of your soldiers.  I want to write them off, I really do, but I can't.  For one, I get attached to them since I can custom make my own roster, which is neat.  Jack Bauer, Bear Grylls, Duke Nukem, Lara Croft, it's a dream team.But it takes so much to level guys up.  And they only advance on getting kills, not participating in a mission.  Support Units, guys with drones that are meant to buff and heal the party, they can't advance if they aren't killing aliens.  Doesn't matter how many missions they run, how many lives they save, if they don't get their kill quota they stay useless.So it takes so long to level up your squad, which means when you lose a guy, it hurts, it hurts a lot.  So you don't want to lose anyone, because there's so many things that put pressure on in the game.  In both playthroughs I could never get the Avatar Countdown to drop below 2 empty squares and ultimately fell apart in my second one.Losing good troops means losing the ability to mitigate the countdown.  And wounding times are so long.  Even when I try to bring along a couple of rookies to make sure I'm padding out my advancement, it's a battle with luck, since they need kills to advance.Some fights keeping a guy alive is all but impossible.  It's a puzzle game.  You keep reloading until you find the right combination of moves and attacks that keeps your squad alive.  And it doesn't help that the game pregens random numbers, meaning you will see the exact same result every time.  Which I find odd there was no option to change the random seed which iirc was added in Xcom (also exists in Civ 5 another Firaxis game).And I wish the devs addressed that, the need to constantly reload, because you have to keep your good guys alive, you can't lose them.  You can't run the end game with a field of rookies and survive without constant reloading.  And the load times are soooo loooonnng.After almost 60 hours, I'm done.  The new content just isn't enough to keep me playing, it's a waste of money.I've been gaming since my dad bought my fam a Commodore 64 in the mid 80's, so maybe I'm just too old.  The kids these days play their Dark Souls and talk about how awesome it is to die all the time and never make it past level 2.I like a challenge, but I don't like frustration.  And there's a fine line.  And I'm going to get a whole bunch of thumbs down because it isn't about whether a review is 'helpful' here, it's about whether or not you agree with someone's opinion.  And old gaming codgers like me are in the minority these days."
76561198032374691,Recommended,268500,20967105,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MadeULook,"Very first Blacksite mission:Sniper misses 90% shot.Ranger misses sword slash.Stun Lancer knocks said Ranger unconcious.Another one of my guys gets crit and dies.Viper traps my other sniper.Turret injures my Specialist.To shorten this story nothing went my way and had the worst luck ever. The above all happend in one turn.Very next mission, all rookies: Injury-free mission. Yep, this is XCOM all right.Update: Lost the run after two squad wipes in a row. Then had a last desperite attempt with the three man squad I now dub ""The British Trifecta""."
76561197972199106,Recommended,268500,20962514,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Fullbordad,"Will update this once I get home from work, review mostly written for old xcom players.+ The combat has been improved a lot because of small things that makes the game have a much better pacing. As an example they've added the ability to actually see if you have a line of sight on the enemies so that you wont have to worry about it when moving around.+ The new system in which you spawn invisible to the enemies makes the first part of every map more enjoyable because it means you're setting up ambushes instead of hoping for good rng with the pod openings.+ I for one like the new base building system even if it at first glance might look dumbed down. It feels like you wont have to play a certain way IE follow a certain building line that was always the same no matter what.+ So far the enemies have been fun and rewarding to face, and I'm eager to see what they will throw at me for the rest of the game.* Some graphical glitches like weapons or enemies clipping trough walls, pretty much the same as the previous game. It doesn't affect game play unless you really care about graphics.* Difficulty has been scaled down and it feels like if you would play on a difficulty level under commander(classic) it would probably be really easy compared to the previous game.- The AI has a habit of some times running into really stupid positions. As an example I've had two occasions now where AI ran into cars that exploded the next round, instantly killing them. Not sure if intented but I doubt it.- Terrible optimization makes the menu, cutscenes and base almost unplayable. I don't know if this is a common issue but my rig should easily be able to handle this on even the highest graphics. Luckily since it's a turn based game it doesn't affect game play that much.Easily recommend the game for now!"
,Not Recommended,268500,21016848,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Gitarkin,"This isn't turn based strategy, it's time management.Every mission has an objective on the other side of the map, that you'll have to retrieve/hack/destroy/etc.Standing in between you and that objective, is a large number of aliens. Sounds fun, right? Good news, it is!That is, until you realize that you're basically not allowed to strategize, due to the comically small time limit you're given to complete these missions. You have a very small amount of turns, to not only achieve your objective, but in some cases, kill off all the remaining enemies on the map. What does this mean? It means rather than sneaking around and being careful in order to achieve a successful attack (aka ""strategy""), you will be making a suicidal dive towards the objective in hopes of getting out in time. This makes gameplay extremely linear, and leads to the inevitable and needless death of countless squad members.Sadly, the time limit that plagues individual missions, plagues the entire campaign as well. I don't want to spoil it for those who plan on getting this, but there is also a very small window to achieve certain events, and failure to do so means campaign over. I also found the side quests overwhelming and not fun at all. They bombard you with a million things all at once, all timed, with zero explanation. Failure to do these things will put you behind in resources, which in turn makes you less prepared on the battlefield. And let's face it, you're gonna get fisted out there on a good day.This game has a lot of potential, but it's poisoned by the fact that you're constantly being shoved from behind, rather than being allowed to enjoy what is otherwise, a beautiful game. If a patch or mod comes along, that fixes this ridiculous time mechanic, then I highly reccommend you pick it up. If not, save your money, because as of now it's Diner Dash with guns."
,Recommended,268500,29951675,Posted: 15 February,all,MonsterTM,"Twas a pree fun game while it lasted. But, if i must be perfectly honest, the first XCOM was much better., and ill point out why.  In the 1rst game, the aliens invade the planet, and they have aliens dressed as humans, and there scouting and gathering information. In the 2nd game... somehow the humans are ""semi"" co-existing togheter, the aliens supply the police force known as ADVENT. For me,  XCOM 2 has a much weaker story, and way of a dire importance to missions you do. In the first XCOM, right off the bat, you get to pick which country you play, which gives you a specific perk through-out the entire game,  you get to slowly but surely gear up your weak soldiers, and you really felt there was a progression when you finaly beat a mission that would unlock various alien technologies that you would need for future combat. In XCOM2, altho fun, did not captivate me as much as the 1rst one. The researches were boring, weapons were mundane, and whenever i would research and get something ""amazing"" as they would make it to be, like a armor that makes you run through wall, i was already 3/4 done with the game, and i didnt really care about all the fancy new gadgets XCOM2 has over the 1rst game.Ill give this game a thumbs up, altho no bad, there is no sideways thumb for a 50/50. If you wana get into Xcom, just buy the 1rst game. You WILL be happy with it.6/10eNjoY =^-^="
,Not Recommended,268500,21018123,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,John W,"30~ hours, and a completed game later.I'm very sad to report that XCOM 2 is just not worth the hassle as the games state is right now, below this little essay i will list observations that i've made that will be useful to know prior to purchase.First and foremost I'm a fan of the series and both XCOM ORI and XCOM EW, but this one has, not captured the same fun elements of seemingly unending and important research, interresting buildings and the general planing between the team, the engineers and the scientists.Engineering and the building of facilities is extremely boring, no depth or intruiguing or important bonuses to adjacent rooms. Scientists are just exponentielly decreasing, yet flat, science speed upgrades with names. (Yes somewhat similair to XCOM EWs, I just personally expected more)The worst however is the boring absence of pre-planing required to be successful, and by the time you get anywhere with a plan, some random, un-ignorable, mission interrupts your work + plan.Worst of all though, is the extreme amount of animation time you will be wasting watching an AI doing nothing, before and after it has done anything, for no visible reason, as if it went afk to fix a lamp mid fight.Below here is a list of observations, one or two could be considered spoilers, but they're rather important. Also they're obvious.*Locked 30~ Fps? Odd decision since the game runs like excremation from a donkey.*Only outtro cinematic is 60fps, intro menu 1-48 fps (wtf?)*Numerous performence issues, mainly removing all lighting features and filtering will fix the fps from 16 to 30, sometimes.*Crashes upon launch, crashes upon certain actions in certain areas (shotgunning an avatar on the last mission), crashes randomly, crashes upon reloading certain load files (curropts all related MISSION autosaves and quicksaves).Unreliable movement control, misinformative movement in certain circumstances (VIPs for instance block paths, but aren't shown to do so), On higher difficulty my own statistics show that the aim your soldiers pretend they have, is somewhere around 37% worse than it says, multiplicative.*Artificial difficulty – over the board.*Information needed from the f1 function in xcom Eu/EW surprisingly missing.*General sudden missing imformation.*Boring streamlining of stats in classes, boring abilities.*Annoying mission interruption (constant interruptions).*Research and building boring and linear.*Overused Cliché “you’re the hero” ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (with a character looking directly at ‘you’ saying “you’re the one”).*Too short (<- more of a personal thing)*All the other ""minor"" glitches and buggs from XCOM EW, such as wallhacking units, glitching and shooting through them."
,Recommended,268500,21081311,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ignis,"A true XCOM game. It has issues with performance though. Fully recommend to buy and play this, great gameplay!"
76561197997828045,Recommended,268500,27095322,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shariel,Rayyge-quit simulayytor 2016
,Recommended,268500,28786697,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Miracle_Squid,"Watch as your beloved squadmates die one by one because of your bad decisions, or ride that quicksave button like the ♥♥♥♥♥ you areCurrently my favourite game of all time. Would be 20/10 if it weren't buggier than a plague of locusts so I'll knock it down to 10/10"
,Recommended,268500,29595785,Posted: 30 January,all,Ω,"God damn aliens, come to our planet, taking our jobs, we'll show 'em what for!"
,Recommended,268500,20986043,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Vaporous Shadow,"A better version of XCOM 1. Stop complaining about the turn limits, they aren't a big deal."
76561198014746664,Recommended,268500,20980458,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Legion 2-3 Golf,"General gameplay, you come in hot try to save civies, first move you run up save one guy rest of your team takes cover.Enemy spots you, its their turn, they kill 3 of my guys and render one unconscious. i have one guy left to fend for herself, a damn viper comes and grabs her sucking the life out of her.....Best turnbased deathtrap 10/10"
76561198041108701,Recommended,268500,20980397,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,kinderfire,"What your friend says""Normal difficulty isn't all that bad, Legend is for the real pros.What you SHOULD hear.""The sixth circle of hell isn't so bad, because, technically, there is something worse.""11/10 would get rekt by sectoids again."
,Recommended,268500,21119360,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Turbografx16,"Hard as ♥♥♥♥ and unforgiving, with just enough randomness to ♥♥♥♥ over even the best player and force them to adjust.9/10, Firaxis sucks at optimization."
76561198155403380,Recommended,268500,21117693,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Kitsuto,"I bet a majority of people that bought the game also bought Enemy Unknown as their first game, beat that, and thought they were good at XCOM.  Then they played XCOM 2.  This game will not baby you like EU did. If you don't know what you're doing, then your squad is as good as dead.Then again, at least it's not as hard as the original."
,Recommended,268500,21117871,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ekko Child,X COM GIVE IT TO YA!
76561198070870119,Recommended,268500,26410521,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,CLOROX Disinfecting Wipes,"One of the best strategy games ever made. I hope to see controller support for it soon.Edit: Controller support added. RIP desktop, HELLO couch."
,Recommended,268500,21118364,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Prospero,"I am not very good at Xcom, let me tell you. I beat the original one in classic mode once, though I tried many times. Call me a masochist, but I loved every minute of it. Xcom: EU is an amazing game.After playing through Xcom 2, I will probably never play Xcom:EU again. Everything I loved about EU is even better in Xcom 2. Most of the stuff that annoyed me about EU is gone. Nothing will ever be the same again.TLDR: Ran up to rescue a civilian. It wasn't a civilian. 11/10 will be mauled by faceless again."
,Recommended,268500,29602651,Posted: 31 January,all,Dead Master,"Alright, so I've played through this once completely, and here's what I've seen.Base rating: 9/10 easily. AAA strategy games work, just one at a time.Setting: You lost your campaign in XCOM: Enemy Unknown about two weeks in. The Aliens kidnap you and store you in a stasis suit, running war simulations that the Aliens used to command their own forces to conquer Earth, forming the ADVENT coalition with all nations in exchange for controlling everything. Using gene therapy clinics as a facade, they begin human experiments with a mysterious purpose. After a costly breakout from a secure site, you are rescued by your Central Officer and a few other recruits, who survived the invasion and has managed to build up a small resistance force, based in a mobile base made out of a repurposed alien supply ship, accompanied by a defector scientist and Dr. Shen's daughter, who explains that her father gave his life to build this ship before he disappeared. With this, the controls are handed to you, and you must take back Earth from the ADVENT coalition and stop the mysterious AVATAR project, whose exact location is unknown by undertaking guerilla ops, hacking data stores, rescuing rebel VIPs and capturing hostile ones, make contact with resistance cells around the world, and take on mysterious blacksites to destroy progress on the AVATAR project. The council speaker returns as a informant seated in the higher-ups of ADVENT, sending out secure supply drops to help the resistance.Opinion: Yes, this game is hard. But it's also random. I hear your cries of ""that's not fair!"" ""What's the point of the strategy part of it then?"" But fear not. The strategy is in slowing down the progress enough for the numbers to tip back in your favour, then release all that pent-up frustration on the ADVENT forces ten times over. I got to 11 out of 12 blocks on the AVATAR project before starting a mass destruction of blacksites across my contacted regions. This is not recommended as I think I might've cut it a little too close. Anyways, after that peak in the early to midgame, the game becomes significantly easier, if less interesting.Environment and level/world design: 9/10The geoscape returns from XCOM: EU, but the regions are divided a bit differently. Each main region is covered by a huge ADVNET state called ""New (original region name)"". There remains the six continent bonuses, and the mission icons sometime look a bit repetitive.The Avenger (Your mobile base) is well designed and thought-out in its design. There a about 12 areas to construct various facilities onboard, and clearing the debris from these areas gives you some supplies (currency).The mission levels are well designed, both logisitcally and aesthetically, but may become repetitive in the late game, aside from the main story missions (Which normally have a custom map).Mechanics: 10/10The scientist-engineeer system returns from XCOM: EU, but engineers are staffed in most facilities constructed in the 12 or so excavateable areas on the Avenger, or clear out debris themselves. Scientists directly reduce research time, and can be staffed in a laboratory (constructed facility) to increase their effect.The soldier system is changed. Instead of Assault, Heavy, Support, Sinper, MEC suits and Psionics; you have Ranger, Grenadier, Specialist, Sharpshooter, SPARK and Psi ops. They fill the same effective roles respectively, but most have their abilities altered drastically. Ranger can use shotguns, but has a sword as their secondary weapon. It's unusually effective. Grenadier is more focused on Armouring up and shredding armour of enemies than rockets. Specialists are the biggest change. Instead of a medkit by default, they come with a flying robot droid that can be used offensively or for healing. The sharpshooter isn't really changed that much, but Squadsight is the deafauly ability instead of snapshot. They have a pistol ability tree (their secondary weapon) or a Sinping tree. SPARK units are, like the MEC suits in the Enemy Within DLC, a bonus class. As part of Shen's last Gift DLC, they appear in a mission that's way too hard to take on at first. Equipped with a heavy weapon and a rokcet launcher, they are meant to be a tanky class in a game about stealth. Pretty useless, right? Wrong. They are a crutch member that just peters out at the endgame. Psi ops are handled very differently, as a seperate class selected only from rookies. Instead of an Ability tree, they train by spending time in the psionics facility, training a variety of abilities which you choose one out of three each time they train. By this method, you could field a late game psi op without him ever having spent a day in the field.AVATAR project: So I've mentioned this a few times in the review. The AVATAR project is an unknown project that several references are made to in the intercepted alien chatter. After discovering the first blacksite, it begins adding 1 progress to the meter, up to 12 points in total. After several weeks a new Blacksite will be discovered, and it will add more progress to the bar. Destroying one of them removes its progress from the overall meter by up to three points. Can be unfair at points, but it serves to get your butt into gear fast.Wounds: Any wounds your soldiers get in battle will result in them spending time in the hospital, with time depending on the severity of their injury. Initially, even a graze nets you about a week in the hospital, but some facilities lessen this.Engine: 6/10Loading: This is the biggest pratfall. If you don't have a high end computer, prepare to have something to occupy your time for five minutes at a time, because that's what you're dealing with. Even when you just want to reload your autosave from last turn becuase you had to have killed that sectoid before he mind controls your squad member and DAMMIT AMY, YOU'RE FLANKING HIM, HOW DID YOU MISS? If you have a really good PC, I've heard you can reduce loading times by pressing caps lock, which makes it load all the data at once instead of sequentially or something like that. Use at your own risk.Camera: Four-angle camera, results in the clunkiest of angles when setting up grenade shots and moving in multi-level facilities.Enemy AI: May seem vicious at first, but is actually pretty easy to use against itself, unfortunately most tactics only work twice until it counters it.Overall: 9/10. It may seem daunting at first, but it gets easier. Trust me.P.S: Don't turn on the Alien Hunters DLC missions on on your first playthrough. Not if you value your computer's safety. You will most likely take a hammer to it because WHY DID THE BESEKRER QUEEN HAVE TO SHOW UP TWO TURNS FROM EVAC? WHHYYYYYY?"
76561197970672811,Recommended,268500,21118133,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Flamebo,"Have put in about 5 hours so far (veteran difficulty), veteran of the original UFO Defence and EW. Haven't encountered any bugs so far, and the game runs well enough. This one is a bit of a stiffer challenge compared to Fireaxis' last x-com, and feels a bit more like the original, which in my opinion is a good thing. The randomly generated maps are awesome. There is much more of a sense of urgency in the stratigic layer. Haven't lost a single mission yet, so people who are saying it is unfair are just not good at the game.If you liked the last XCOM you will almost certainly like this one. Its better in pretty much every way."
76561198127811069,Recommended,268500,21118747,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Dragoon_Night,"I start off with the fact that XCOM 2 is an amazing game and it is nothing short of a great improvment from the last XCOM which itself was an amazing game however...out of 3 campaigns i just played (and as you can see by my lack of hours) it was honestly the most frustrating experience of my life 3 times no matter what i did i lost the game i could not get tech or resourses fast enough to keep my troops capable of fighting the enemy and any time i did by the next mission all my best troops were killed and unlike the last XCOM were taking down to normal made it beatable but still challening this time i had to go all the way down to recruit and it still completly wrecked me by like the 3rd mission idk if the RNG algarithm has some bugs or what but until i got scopes (that i found in game so all 2 of them) my guys could not hit the broadside of a barn, so my only strategy was throw as many grenades as possible and that only gets you so far it really annoys me that i never lost by being out smarted i lost by not being able to kill the enemy who just blew me up with grenades or mind controlled all my guys and or killed me with an army of zombies... other than my current annoyance its a great game with lots of potential"
,Recommended,268500,21118899,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,4X Player 402,"A great sequel to  an already great game. While it has a few glitches, most of them ones I had already encountered in EU. It makes up for it with superior gameplay, better story, and much better graphics. Some optimization and crashing issues need to be fixed, but autosave helps lessen the frustaration with crashes, making them much less inconvenient. Loss of actual controller support didn't make much difference, as mapping programs such as enjoyable or a steam controller as good enough substitutes. Psionics as it's own class gave many of the abilities I had wanted for psionics, but being unable to stack psionics on another class was a bit dissapointing. Modding, while not avaliable to me due to my OS, is the most advantageous to the community, and adds more replayability than already is avaliable. The character customization eats up large amount of time, only to have your spirit crushed when your perfect creation dies, making you reload them from the character pool, and rejoicing in the hour it saved you. The healthbar design is nice, until sectopods come along and make counting health like counting grains of sand. Overall, for an unpatched, version 1.0, XCOM 2 does Enemy Unknown proud. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,268500,21119013,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,BC,Great tactical game. Most of the bad reviews are for release problems not problems with the actual game so take those with a grain of salt. Tons of mods 5 days into release and tons of modding potential so tons of replayability.
,Recommended,268500,20975743,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,L3ros,This is the best turn based tactics game since JA2.
76561198025834375,Recommended,268500,21111762,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Chubs,I got to say this is the best xcom game to date the aliens and the advenger are amazing love the fact that now you are attacking it is amzing so whats the problem the problem is that this is to danm good
76561198015128078,Recommended,268500,21118697,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ExcelThandok,this game will ruin you    ps. dont make people you care about.
76561198083211696,Recommended,268500,21095498,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Smilin Fool,"What a great game!  Its super addictive, and fun.  Aliens better run!"
,Recommended,268500,29194903,Posted: 11 January,all,malach re,GReat game. Streamlines a few things fromt he first one. Seems to be dipping a bit more towards rogue-likes than the original xcom but still a great game.
76561198035763897,Recommended,268500,29193100,Posted: 11 January,all,VictoryRpg,"I'll start this off by saying that I've not experienced any gamebreaking bugs or crashes while playing on this machine.  Performance is wierdly inconsistent but is playable.  I can't speak to the experience that others will have.With that out of the way, this is not a good XCOM game, it's a great game, truly fantastic, but it's not a good XCOM game.  That's okay though, the original UFO defense is one of, if not my favorite games of all time.  I own it on multiple platforms and play Openxcom to this day.Where UFO defense was heavily minimalistic mechanically, with most actions following the same set of rules, XCOM 2 has a great variety of additional features.  This gives this game many more areas in which it can fail or seem unpolished, the complexity and volume of unique mechanics being staggering. This isn't always a bad thing, although balancing certain things equally becomes difficult.  This gives you a greater degree of control and customization as regards units, equipment, and tactics.  Your XCOM is very much your XCOM.  In UFO defense your XCOM had very much a mind of its own, soldiers wouldn't advance how you would like, the missions were unfair as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the main objectives seemed to consciously evade you.XCOM2 does not have that personality, but as a game it is far more ""playable"" than UFO Defense.  You don't need a master's degree in patience and risk management to finish it, and some degree of randomness is removed.  XCOM2 is a handcrafted experience, like a fine Oak table, whereas the original is like a very nice tree that decides to grow through your living room.It is an excellent tactics and management game, perhaps the best of this generation.  I feel that it is almost a disservice to both games, UFO defense being the other, to link them.  This game is unique, well crafted, challenging, and playable.  I very much recommend it."
,Recommended,268500,21044862,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Stooge,10/10 it's okay
,Recommended,268500,21324850,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,(Insert Name Here)™,A fantastic game with new ideas added on to the already fantastic XCOM seris
,Recommended,268500,28228744,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Ajwme,Xcom give it to ya - DMX
,Recommended,268500,26873373,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wong4_Sik1 - Hero of the loaf,pro tip: get this game
76561197969622138,Recommended,268500,21143409,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Thradar,"I recommend the game, but with some caveats.  This game has many bugs.  Not game breaking, soul crushing bugs...but ones that when you see them you go ""For real!?""  If you are patient, wait for the first major patch before buying.  Beneath poor engine optimization and the stupid bugs is a pretty damn good sequel.  Just be patient."
76561197971033601,Recommended,268500,30483601,Posted: 12 March,all,Lazza06,"Thought the first one was great, this one is too. Most of the missions being heavily timed can be a pain, though as a whole that would be my only real complaint. The people that are saying that it is a buggy messy are exaggerating  somewhat."
,Recommended,268500,30567431,Posted: 17 March,all,jon-h86,If you like XCOM 1 and want more of the same this is for you. I didn't come accross any bugs in the missions so I can say that its fixed.
,Recommended,268500,29732281,Posted: 5 February,all,Bobbleplx,"I don't care what you think about strategy games, you really have to play XCOM, but I'd say wait for a sale as €50 is quite a lot"
76561198005478926,Recommended,268500,28248522,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Moose,"I am surprised by the number of negative reviews.The classes were well done, psionics more balanced, and a whole host of new enemies. The only thing missing is campaign co op"
76561198006206567,Recommended,268500,28256072,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Hell hidra,"Lovely how this game works, how is it easy to be moddeable.If you are the kind like me, who are a ""glutton of punishment"", who'd like to make the game harder, more enemies, higher health values. Then. THIS. GAME. IS. FOR. YOU!The Vanilla version of XCOM2 (without mods/DLC-s) is a masterpiece. Unlike the EU or the EW, the music is ""heroic"".You often hear music where you feel you will do it right! The Eu and EW allways had the same three or four music for the fights wich are just action based.You ask why i loved the game's moddeable part?Well, i did manage to make friendships with some .ini files.Then my party got wiped out by 8 Avatars in a single group.14/10"
,Recommended,268500,29898780,Posted: 13 February,all,Tropo,"This Game is fantastic, you can Play it how often you want. I really hope that Xcom 3 also Come out and is as good as this."
,Recommended,268500,26976239,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MoonV,Just give me more time to play this properly Dx
,Recommended,268500,30660814,Posted: 21 March,all,Azzazzello,Pretty good however I feel that XCOM was better
76561197976699464,Recommended,268500,21194101,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SimpleRick,"The user rating should be higher. If you liked XCOM Enemy Unknown, you will love XCOM 2.The low score reflects that this game is more difficult and unpredictable, so harder to reliably beat, than EU. Further, the amount of content at launch was lacking. Now, with excellent mods available (In particular, the Long War Studios content), and 3 DLCs, XCOM 2 is excellent.Recommended. Stay hard."
,Recommended,268500,21065750,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Rerunjr1,Finished the game today. Loved the story line and everything about it. Started playing the game the night it came out and  loved all the new enemys that they have added. The new guns and abilitys are great. With everything changed  this is a new game. It is not a copy of the old one. Worth the money I spent 100%. If you liked the first one you will love this game. I thought this game was better then Xcom enemy within
76561198010541864,Recommended,268500,21035271,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,The commander,10/10 they keep calling me commander
,Recommended,268500,28017989,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Coooral,I don't like turn based games...I like this gameYou do the math.
76561198110882871,Recommended,268500,21057142,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,KelikFox,"Okay. It was patched, so now I can rewrite my review.I've never spiked so many hours into XCOM 2 than I have in any game before. The fact that it has said in the past that I'd played 100 hours total and 100 hours in the last 2 weeks should say something, but considering the absolute gravity and RNG genius this game is, I'm honestly not suprised.RNG strategy games have always been something I've enjoyed, such as the Fire Emblem series. But this was my first XCOM game. I could go on about how good this game is, but I'll keep it short and sweet; I can honestly say that if you are a fan of Fire Emblem or any turn based strategy game of any kind, especially RNG ones, then you will enjoy this game.So long as you have the reccomended specs, that is."
,Recommended,268500,21100113,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Degenerate94,"Walls are not actually walls...So a ♥♥♥♥ing cobra alien can grab me with his tongue through 3 solid god damn walls, and a Muton alien can throw a grenade through walls. Do walls not work the way i thought they did? i assumed a wall was supposed to BLOCK THINGS!!! sure i can understand shooting through a thin breakable surface, but when im not even near the corner of the wall of a house and an alien 30 meters back grabs me with his tongue, i get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,268500,21133927,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,TheDudeGarcia,"Update: As promised, I am updating my review as of the performance patch. The performance patch has worked wonders from my system. I have gone from constant framiness at 720p low settings to a solid framerate at 1080p on medium settings. I am using a GTX 960M.Game review: It's absolutely amazing. Enemy Within was one of my favorite games... this game is a lot better. I'll be playing this game for a long time to come, and I cannot wait for the expansions."
76561198007378862,Recommended,268500,20964104,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jetwolf,"The customisation is awesome, the game is a cut above the last XCom, as well it should be. It's kinda' like getting XCom with all the additional things one wished were in the previous XCom. AMD rig and working fine, zero lag here, unlike many other unfortunate people. I agree that there shouldnt be so many people getting buggy release on even average rigs, but for me it works perfectly so far. Yep, there goes at least 100 hours of my life."
76561198050223508,Recommended,268500,20980073,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Throndhindel,Lovely game. Dreadful optimization at launch though!
76561198006876294,Recommended,268500,21198086,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jin-Roh,"Xcom is back and it's baaaaaad. Ok mostly baaaaaad with some bad. Apart from the optimization issues which are varied, your mileage may vary, this game rocks.Apart from performance issues, weird camera angles and riding that mass effect elevator. I've only had one crash to desktop.With regard to the game itself, my only one real criticism is that the game has a small design, pacing issue. It throws everything and the kitchen sink at you. Can't go past a couple of hours on in-game time without some notice popping off. That needs is small fix. Life is stressful enough, no need to butter your customers with more stress. We get it, defending the earth is hard.Missions are tougher than ever and it's thoroughly enjoyable. Timers shooting off? Missing at 97% with a minute on the clock? This game is one stressed round after stress round.9/10 you lose one point for making me look at a butt while skull jacking an advent officer."
76561197970572317,Recommended,268500,21199356,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Fenix.NZ,"Final mission has unskipable cinematic which my computer takes massive exception and/or offense to. This results in a total lockup which sends my fans up to about 52,000rpm by the sounds of it.NFI whats setting it off, but up till then the game was awesome.10/10"
76561198043759410,Recommended,268500,21199804,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Hivefleetchicken,"This game is really good, it seems all people have against it is the optimization."
,Recommended,268500,21199944,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Severion,"A brutal game that fills you with pride with each battle won, and a true sense of loss with every soldier downed.A great successor to the XCOM series."
,Recommended,268500,21200832,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,NorthernLion,One of the funnest games I've ever played. It will keep you playing for 10 hours stright.
,Recommended,268500,21201167,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ozzke,"I've done a full playthrough of the game and didn't have any bugs or optimization issues. Even when alt-tabbing a couple of times during the game it didn't create any issues, where it does with some other games.It's a really good sequel, I personally like it a lot more than XCOM 1, it's more challenging but I'm a bit disappointed with the last mission since that one was really a walk in the park with a fully optimized squad. I personally love the level of customization and new additions to the game.The people who complain about the timed missions are wrong. Or are, like in some other reviews mentioned, used to just play the ""Overwatch-game"" from XCOM 1. You have to take some initiative which only makes the game more fun. You can't sit around in hiding and wait for the aliens to come to you.Overall: recommended! Great fun, challenging at times and very rewarding."
76561198023575860,Recommended,268500,21201517,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,dream3r69,"Long time lover of the series and all the games that came before it and just finished my first run through of Xcom2. I have to say, i loved it!At first it was significantly different from what i was used to but i found the learning curve wasnt to hard to pick up. This also included the timed missions, as it seems meany people seem to have issues with them. I dont like a limit to anything but i didnt find it affected my game that much really, just made me think more about positioning and cover.Its a gorgeous game that will make you want to play it again and again. Oh and i almost forgot, i actually think i spent more time changing the looks of each soldier than i did playing lol. There are some amazing new looks this time round that give real depth to the individuality of each team member i think.  Enjoy guys."
76561198057769970,Recommended,268500,21192794,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Galschar,I love this game :)
76561198065593264,Recommended,268500,21193004,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Fraudulent Activity,"There is nothing like a game where humanity must work together to survive some kind of apocalypse. In this xase its a small group of resistance fighters which most of you probably know as XCOM. This game greatly builds off XCOM: Enemy unkown, giving you much more options for customizing your squad, you can choose from a plethora of colors and camo's, the new classes are well designed and alot of fun to play. One of my favorite things about this game though is that i have been playing for 47 hours and i still havent seen the same map twice. Im sure this is due to the randomly generated maps. One more thing to love is the day one mods, which was released along with the game. XCOM 2 has your expected story and does it much better then any of the other games, with great cutscenes that are fun to watch.Some things i feel this game could improve on though, something thats not extremely bother but more of a nuisance is the loading times for some missions seems to take a bit. Then you have the problem with the extremely bad lag when playing multiplayer, you will end your turn and the next person will have to wait almost 30 second more before actually taking theirs. And one last thing i have noticed about this game is a audio bug that happens often enough to warrant a fix.All in all I have 47 hours in this game and with the few drawback i stated it dosent take away from the game enough to not pick it up. I expect to have many many more hours of great fun on this game. If your if about it and liked the older games this is definitely something your going to wanna get."
76561198005099369,Recommended,268500,21193655,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,kOBR4,"Freaking love this game! I've played the first XCOM alot. And i will for sure play this alot more.Only 31 hours in, and its getting better by the minute.Still a few minor bugs to the game, but it is still awesome:- Graphic glitches.- Poor optimzed game, low frames now and then, a bit stuttering.- Badly balanced multiplayer mode.But, there aint any better singelplayer, turn based strategy game out there at the moment!You won't be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,268500,21193923,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,nlightened,Fans of the franchise will devour this game. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,268500,21194038,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,McNutty,"I'll tell ye what, after a long day selling propane and propane accessories I often"
76561198031295348,Recommended,268500,21194170,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Masteracy,"game is good. really takes me into the atmosphere.but the graphic is unreasonably demanding, not fluent at all.  amd r7 series graphic card here."
,Recommended,268500,21194381,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Elli,this patch is very well made but needs a game performanceSave scumthis performance is game but needs a very well made patchSave scumthis game is very well made but performance needs a patch10/10 would load a save again
,Recommended,268500,21194711,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Rycanthan,Great game.Keeps the feel of Xcom:EU and adds great new mechanics.Its just a little hard to run on even on a Amd R9 380 (BY little i mean most mission easy 60 but on some under 30)
,Recommended,268500,21195540,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TatrTotz,"If you liked the first one, you'll throw away all your free time playing this one. If you've never played the first one, you should absolutely play this masterpiece of a game. There are still some bugs to be fixed as of the writing of this review, but aside from that it's an absolute blast."
,Recommended,268500,21195765,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,master32904,"I have to say that this is one of the most addicting and well designed games I have played in recent memory.  It is nice to see a game put together this well at release.  It IS hard, but not in a cheaty unfair way.  If you're looking for a challenge, then this is the one you want to be playing.  30-ish hours into my frst game and I am only just now getting to a point of relative comfort.Pros:- Lots of fun and innovative ways to kill aliens.- Nice Graphics.- Plenty of character customization. You will get attached to your people, and many will die.- Simple, yet challenging tactical gameplay.  Just rushing in will only get you killed.  Also, there are MANY crucial descisions that always need to be made on the world map and in the Avenger- Its is a challenge, and really captures the essence of a deperate struggle against a much more powerful enemy.- Open for modding.  I wont use mods on my first playthrough (I do have the two DLC's), but I am excited to see what people come up with for this game.  It's sure to be good.Cons:- Mild framerate drops.  This only happens in the pre and post mission sequences in the dropship for me though.  Ive got an NVIDIA GTX 980M 8GB, graphics are on high.  The alien turns hang up sometimes as well, but this is rare.- More stats.  I like stats, so keeping track of all of the character stats would be awesome instead of just missions and kills.I cant give you anything worse than the two minor cons above.Overall 9.5/10"
,Recommended,268500,21196181,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,GrizzlyElk,"A game that rewards smart choices, deep planning, multitasking, finacial and time management, and good calls.You need to be able to play under pressure, play under the odds, and understand that battles will be lost, troops will die, and sometimes it is best to pull out and extract your survivors carrying the dead.Yeah its RNG, yeah there are times where you will miss a 95% chance hit, but thats the thing, don't expect to hit. Prepare your operatives for the next move, not the current.You can't expect to be the best, you can't expect to win, but you can expect a tough and brutal experience where you will have to counter and assume the role as a commander. As you would expect, commanding the last of earths forces against unknown adversaries, under unknown circumstances, where everything is a variable and nothing is set is as hard as you would imagine it to be.Best played on Ironman mode."
,Recommended,268500,21196737,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,black_dragon74,"A worthy addition to the fantastic XCOM series, and a compelling addendum to XCOM: Enemy Unknown.A fantastic game with a fair learning curve, good replayability, and rich storyline (which is largely unnecessary in a setting of ""aliens have invaded, go kill them"", but there you go). As such, I'll mainly be judging the game in comparison to the first one.The new additions are good, and make an effort to appeal to the ""rebel resistance"" theme of the new game. There's hacking, concealment, randomized loot drops, a new resource ""intel"", a remix of the classes, and the XCOM ""base"" now spends its time shooting all over the globe to try and sustain the resistance. Also, many missions now require the squad to complete an objective and extract rather than just giving the player the ""kill all enemies"" mission in different terrain settings. Concealment adds a fantastic new dimension to the tactical game, allowing you to launch ambushes, bypass enemy squads entirely, and scout for your opponents. The new classes all operate very differently from each other, and their abilities are now categorized based on what you want that particular soldier to do: blow stuff up, or support with heavy fire? Scout, or assault? Heal or shut down robotic enemies? Gone are the days where most of your soldiers of a given class took the same upgrades because most were just plain better than the other choice. There's still some of that (I'm never going to NOT take Long Watch or Threat Assessment, guys), but with most of the skills you're making a clear choice between what sort of role they'll play in future battles. Psychic soldiers are also a class of their own now, rather than being ordinary soldiers with additional powers. The Avenger is a neat little change from the single XCOM facility, both in terms of gameplay and theme. It's also nice that the organization is always doing something, rather than the ""scanning"" option that the first game used to fast-forward until something interesting happened.Hacking and looting are less interesting. Neither are particularly tactical, and the loot has that bizarre video-game quality where a chrysalid can apparently come loaded down with weapon attachments. There's also only one enemy in each mission that drops loot, and it can explode if you kill the enemy with explosive weapons or don't get to it in time. These things change the character of each mission, but not in any meaningful or important way.Some things that are missing from the game that were in the last one are alien capturing, shooting down UFOs, and lasers. Laser weapons have been replaced by ""magnetic weapons"" as the second-tier weapon technology, but other than a lack of red beams don't represent any kind of meaningful change. Aliens can't be captured, but don't worry; the game finds other ways to make you charge up to extremely unsafe range and try to punch at enemy troops with the Skulljack. That said, I didn't actually get much use out of it; there are only two occasions in which you have to use it on enemies. The removal of UFO-hunting is quite a blow, and unfortunately takes out a big part of the original XCOM game. There are UFOs, but they're rare, and unlike before don't yield critical supplies and components on the (very uncommon) chance that you actually get to assault one. I realize that the dynamic of the second game makes the idea of XCOM shooting down UFOs with interceptors very unlikely, but considering that scavenging alien technology is supposed to be more important than ever it feels like they could have worked it in somehow.Finally, general criticisms: the research tree is too short, and there aren't enough types of buildings. After having finished the game, I regretted all the investments I'd made into scientists and engineers, because I'd spent the last third of my game time with the scientists standing around doing nothing and two engineers (and room spaces) with nothing to do. I feel like there was definitely room for another technology tier of weapons and armor; how about magnetic, then laser, THEN plasma? And maybe an improved power armor suit for late game? A slew of very late-game projects would have been nice, just to give my scientists something to do. Perhaps give them an option to create PCS upgrades? Or maybe some marginal weapon improvements that have extremely long research times? We need SOMETHING.Some more variety in weapons would also be nice. Just as before, the Assault (now the Ranger) class is the only one that gets a choice of main weapon, and that choice is rifle or shotgun. It's nice that you put a flamethrower in the game at all, but on top of being a one-shot weapon, you make me choose between that and the rocket launcher. COME ON, PEOPLE.Finally, bugs. SOOOOOO many bugs. The vast majority are inexplicable graphical bugs that don't hurt the gameplay; the ""bound"" animation causes constant problems, enemies that have the floor suddenly explode under them freeze and then re-appear instantly on the ground, and every time I killed an Andromedon with overwatch fire I was afraid my computer was going to crash. Sometimes when I got shot the damage counter would just show an empty box, and sometimes my soldiers would get stuck in an unusual animation like being knocked unconscious. There's a lot of work to do, which just seems bizarre in a game with this level of sophistication.I'll be playing through again once some more DLC gets released and we get some more content. Hopefully those falling animations will make it in there in the meantime.As a last note, the final battle was pants-ruiningly intense and incredibly satisfying. But I couldn't understand a single thing the aliens were saying. Good job, guys!"
76561198032017147,Recommended,268500,21196917,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Spartan II 777,Great game.... whats up with the tags in the workshop though... still waiting for that Ewok mod
76561197966228249,Recommended,268500,32866816,Posted: 27 June,all,Kelvin,Cant stop playing once you started the campaign until you deafeat the final boss.Excited about the new DLC in August!
76561198013981893,Recommended,268500,32892054,Posted: 27 June,all,Charisma,"Very good game, especially with Long War 2! I like the DLCs too.You can put in many hours without being bored."
76561197993865307,Recommended,268500,32905317,Posted: 27 June,all,Pyroshine,I rate it 95% of 100% miss
76561198030422352,Recommended,268500,21219411,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Bobbyjay,"34 hours in, playing on Commander ""Classic"" difficulty.  I highly recommend this game.This is a great game, but you need to go into it like playing poker.  You are going to make bets.  A good player makes good bets but understands that sometimes you can lose even when making the ""right call.""  This is why good players do not simply know who is more likely to ""win"" in a binary sense, but what is an appropriate amount to bet.  Along these lines, you must know when to raise, when to go all in, and when to fold.  Preserve your chips for when the odds are highly in your favor, risk little when they favor your opponents.This is one of the only games I have ever played that actually has an organic concept of a ""phyrric victory,"" where you can literally lose the campaign by winning badly a couple times in a row.  A lot of people are complaining about the ""mission turn counter,"" but I would tell you not to listen to these people.  Tight turn limits are an essential element in forcing a very interesting decision of how much you want to risk to achieve victory, and at what cost.For example, I suspect many players (including me) immediatly go for all the ""output damage"" talents on their soldiers in all cases.  However, later in the game accidentally pulling multiple packs is a deadly mistake.  Using scouting talents or soldiers allows you to push quickly toward an objective while reducing the risk of engaging in an unintended large fight.  And if that fight does, unfortunately, happen (as it sometimes will), you have a choice to make: pull the squad out immediatly, or win the fight with heavy wounds?  This is not a game where just winning is enough.  How you win matters, and the tactical level is intimately tied to the strategic level in this regard.There are some annoying technical issues, but they have not impacted my play experience.  YMMV.This game is hard, but it is fair.  Furthermore, it is a game where the computer AI is a worthy opponent and doesn't cheat, which is IMO a huge accomplishment for a turn based strategy game.  If you are the kind of player who loves turn based games for their slower, ""thinking man"" style but is frustrated by the lack of fair challenge out there, you are in for a treat with this one."
76561198062631035,Recommended,268500,21219360,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Thicc Bucc,If only it ran as fast as the ♥♥♥♥ing chrysalids.
76561197978156297,Recommended,268500,21219583,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Six String Samurai,"I've been playing the X-com series since the origional was a demo back in the 90's, and couldn't wait to lace up my alien stompin' boots and save the Earth all over again.  I have to say I am very happy with the results.  From the new story line, to art direction, character customization and of course the workshop modding community, this is a worthy new chapter for the franchise.Until you experience the delicious joy of the Rube-Golbergesque chain of events following a perfectly executed (or horribly botched) ambush you can't even comprehend what you are missing.  Explosions!  Fires!  Collapsing buildings!  Alien Bewbs!  This game has it all.  As of writing this the game has been out for nine days, and this is the earliest I've been able to rip myself away from it long enough to write a review.As with all X-com titles expect an inexhaustible level of replayability.  Saving the world from alien invasion is not the kind of thing anyone wants to do just once.  It begs to be played over and over again in ever stranger variations of play style.  Make a team of kill crazy explosive experts, or all snipers and one covert scout.  Maybe a team of unarmed psychics.  The world's your oyster, go crazy.This game is not without its detractors for sure.  Many are claiming to have problems with running the game on their systems, but aside from the Skyranger travelling to and from a mission in what seems to be real time, I can't complain on performance.  I beleive the delay is due to the computer building an entirely new randomly constructed map for the mission, so I find it hard to complain over something so cool.  Plus the delay isn't experienced if I load a save game mid mission, just on generation of the map, so small annoyance.  Keep a novel on hand, or take time to do those annoying human requirements like eating and visiting the little commander's room during these times.  Maybe you'd also like creating dialogue for the operatives as they sit on the long flight to and from battle.  If you are confident about your computer's performance specs you will probably be fine.  If you have any doubts about your setup there is a very real chance you will end up disatisfied until the inevitable patch release.Personally I couldn't have waited any longer for this game to come out.  If I had to wait another month for full optimazion to be completed I might have gone insane.  For me any reservations I had were gone the first time I launched a tox-grenade into an unsuspectiong squad of Advent Troopers.Oh sheer joy."
,Recommended,268500,21218909,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,steve___m,"Good game. A bit buggy at release, but the developer is working hard to fix it and the mod community has a lot of fixes too."
76561198035696712,Recommended,268500,21219033,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,GrungyBadger,"There are many bugs, such as soldiers shooting through walls, falling through roofs and similar things; but on the whole it is a good and fun game.Xcom 2 is challenging. Enjoy :)"
,Recommended,268500,27987041,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xtrim,Eggscom
,Recommended,268500,26017603,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,plekobius,"So much Not Recommended, i do not understand. (that one's with <8-10h i do)Am I playing another game ? It may be caused by player's mindset.Luck does not exist, just dismiss it already. So there is no more frustration , it's gone now.You hit - so you hit , you miss - so you miss, you plan and move on accordingly.This game will♥♥♥♥♥♥on you if you judgement skill is equal or less than good.And that is correct, Commander."
,Recommended,268500,31559435,Posted: 5 May,all,jezcentral,"An excellent strategy game. It shares DNA with the original X-Com, but with a much slicker UI and mission structure. You'll still want to take care of the soldiers, and remember their names long after the game is finished."
,Recommended,268500,32913319,Posted: 27 June,all,{RISE}NukeMan123,"Can be a very tilting game to play when so many of your best people die from silly things, but it's all part of the fun and is a really great game overall."
76561198061172224,Recommended,268500,32774364,Posted: 25 June,all,雪音,"If the chance is 85% and below, don't go for it.Best game I've played against Probability."
76561198009020291,Recommended,268500,32954012,Posted: 28 June,all,Zhoul,This is a fantastic game for it's type. I play it for hours and I played the originals for hours too. Cheers!
,Not Recommended,268500,21013244,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,A Fok?,"While I enjoy every element of Xcom 2's gameplay I simply cant reccomend it based on the poor optimization and terrible timer mechanic. Although I can stomach the stuttering frames, freezes, and incredibly long loading times expirienced by many players it's the unforgiving artificial feeling difficulty of the timer system in the game that I hate. Strategy has to be nearly abandoned for 90% of the missions due to the fact that if you're not dashing on most of your turns you simply wont make it to the objective. Got a big group of enemies you wanna get the drop on? Better do it in the first two turns otherwise you'll probably have to ignore enemies later to make it to evac or hope for those luck 33% hits 10% crits.While I'll still continue playing the game simply for the sake of completion, I urge anyone thinking about giving Xcom2 a go to consider how much they value speed vs strategy in a strategy title."
76561198255760416,Recommended,268500,26987444,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ork WarBoss LuigiBlobz,One of the finest strategy game out there! I bloody recommend it for those who love hard strategy games!
76561198134462209,Recommended,268500,33069201,Posted: 30 June,all,deadly4dinner,"While some people say the timers are too harsh I think they are just fine, ive only had 1 mission where i failed from a timer and that was my own fault for stalling to heal a downed soldier.this is my favorite game on steam"
,Recommended,268500,33137321,Posted: 2 July,all,SirBittamin,Fun as hell and has great mod support.
76561198023266729,Recommended,268500,33136332,Posted: 2 July,all,Hydorus,"Amazing game! It solves the issue with the first XCOM of having a dominant strategy - overwatch crawling - by propelling the player forward with turn limits and reinforcement drop ins. This makes the game harder, but far better, IMO (though you can mod it with the integrated Steam Workshop if you don't like it).The game launched with a bunch of bugs that have mostly been ironed out. My personal experience was better than with the first XCOM, as far as bugs go."
76561198071942797,Recommended,268500,33112765,Posted: 1 July,all,Tempest,It hurts me.
76561198289104930,Recommended,268500,26443367,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,vivisection,"Great Game the first few months , but now that I've revisited it after some time, the damn thing crashes every 20 min. or so.  Nothing has changed as far as my rig and it's more than adequate to run this game, as it proved itself early on with little to no issues. It ran a solid 60FPS with my CPU temps at 40-50 and GPU never above 60.  I do recall a recent patch  last week and I have little doubt thats what jacked up a fine game.  I still recommend this game aslong as they fix what did'nt need fixing."
,Recommended,268500,26624550,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,MCWarhammer,"This is one of the best strategy games on Steam, hands down.  Fighting the Aliens who have taken over earth with Guerilla Tactics, cheering when you hit that 20% shot or crying when your elite medic gets one-shotted? Sounds like my idea of a good time."
,Recommended,268500,27016499,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RandomName13,"Still an awsome game after 300+ hours, if u liked XCOM: Enemy unknown/within, you are going to love this one. You just keep playing and playing just asking yourself when your hard earned soldier is going to die, and how.The Rulers and Chen DLC add a new flavor to an already awsome and excelent game to play for 15 minutes or 9 hours in a row."
76561198069107680,Recommended,268500,27611670,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,King Richard III of England,"Legit played the game for 10 hours, no bugs or problems i can see. Really fun game to play 10/10 ign"
,Recommended,268500,21203390,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Troliszcz,"8/10Cool game but buggy as hell. I dont see the point in ironman till bugs are fixed.Some bugs that stayed from EU/EW:1) aliens get free move on the turn they are spotted2) pods activate out of your line of sight, you move your soldier, see the activation animation that happened far away from activating soldier (like other side of map)3) aliens teleport (this bug has been present since early EU)4) sometimes grenades dont do any damage even if target is in blast radius04.09.2016 Still buggy.Trying few legend ironman runs. None of them was bug free. Nevertheless game is fun as hell."
,Recommended,268500,21001198,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nogrim,"this game is kicking my♥♥♥♥♥ and i am loving every second of it.the learning curve can be pretty steep, so unless you are looking for a real challenge play on the easiest rank."
76561198025832834,Recommended,268500,29375013,Posted: 20 January,all,Boo Hassan,LONG WAR 2!!!!!!
,Recommended,268500,29373552,Posted: 20 January,all,Cosmonaut comrade,Takes everything good with the previous title and makes it even greater (and bring new problems with it :P )
,Recommended,268500,21094696,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Angry Boner,"Absolutely fantastic - there are hardly any other words for this game. Not often do sequels improve so entirely on nearly every aspect of the prior game, but XCOM 2 manages. Not a game for everybody, especially not fans of particularly difficult or punishing games. As of its release, it has a few minor optimization issues, but nothing terribly damning, and nothing that impacts the gameplay. Overall, this will probably be my game of the year."
76561197973084101,Not Recommended,268500,28607479,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Unmonkly,"I really wanted to like this game, but the optimization is just terrible.  I have to run at minimum specs to play missions at a decent frame rate, and the base screen is sluggish no matter what I do.  This game doesn't look any better than Enemy Unknown and that game would run smoothly at max settings for me."
76561198178503585,Recommended,268500,33018214,Posted: 29 June,all,noaharich,"Xcom 2 is on the fringe of being a masterpiece, most of the complaints come down to the timers which only apply to 50% of missions if that, they can easily be removed with mods, i love them and hate them, they add a new level of difficulty, but they are very genrous, you have more then enough time to complete each mission, it just adds that sence of urgency which is the message the devs are trying to get across. THe crucial story missions do NOT have timers. Next, the complaint about randomness is a problem, but it is with every game like it in the genre there is not a better system in the style of game that Xcom is. But it also shows that perfection is not possible, your soldgiers will make mistakes, it will be frustrating but if you want to play the game the way its meant to be played many solgiers, even your favorites will die unless you save scum. The biggest problem that is mostly universal is the slow load times, about twice as long as skyrim. You acctualy may end up waiting a minute or two for a mission to load. Currently, at 20$ Xcom is a great deal but i would still buy it at its 60$ normal price, it is an addicting game mixed with chance,tension,tragedy and strategy mixed into one game 9/10"
76561198157242311,Recommended,268500,33164173,Posted: 2 July,all,Gespenst MK-III,"XCOM2 has a legendary, magnificent storyline. I have just finished the veteran difficulity and I have not yet encounter serious hit probability problem. Feels like solider are very likely to be shaken when injured but not a very serious problem."
76561198102241463,Recommended,268500,33261020,Posted: 4 July,all,oops,"Personally, my only previous experience with XCOM was XCOM: Enemy Unknown.  A fantastic game, if I do say so myself.  Thus, my review may not be as ""educated"" as other reviewers.However, I write this review in the hopes that it'll summarize a casual player's thoughts as well as some of the other critisisms that this game has received, so other potential players know what to get into.The main negative thing that others have commented about with this game is that it rushes the players too much.  I would have to agree.  The main threat that the players must worry about is the ""Avatar Project"", instead of the withdrawl of the globe's support. Unprepared players will be quickly overwhelmed since the project advances rather quickly, compared to the time necessary to actually gain support from the world.  Additionally, many missions have a timer that somewhat diminishes the experience, because you cannot take your time as meticulously as XCOM: Enemy Unknown allowed you to.  An added stealth aspect to some missions seem to suffer from this mechanic, because you cannot playas carefully.On the positive side, I do enjoy this game.  Enemies have been remodelled and redone, there are new classes, maps, tactics, and more micromanagement. It is definitely a harrowing, difficult game that isn't for those who hate stress.  Research is a little more forgiving because upgrades to a unit's armour, weapons, etc. are automatically applied to all troops once built.  Choices made are no longer about which country you can sacrifice some Panic levels in; instead, all consequences directly influence you and your anti-alien facilities.  To some, this may be rather off-putting because again, these consequences can also give the player a sense of ""rushing"", but to me I feel that this adds to the difficulty and gives XCOM 2 a sense of immediate danger instead of indirect, distant consequences.Overall, I recommend this game to people who do not mind stress in their gameplay, an acceptance of failure, and a much more difficult game than XCOM: Enemy Unknown with some familiar mechanics in between."
76561198051887210,Recommended,268500,27186857,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GoldenLombax,"XCOM 2 is one of those games that takes what was there originally and makes it so much better.I loved Enemy Unknown and Enemy Within, purely for the customisation aspects. XCOM 2 has all that and much, much more. The add-ons for this game are great too. You load up a new game and everything is going great when all of a sudden, one of the new beefy Alien Rulers show up and your soldiers suddenly dont look too good...but then you take that reaction shot and remember that you have a mod on your gun that has a 5% chance to instakill if it hits and it does.(True story btw. That happened to me and I was relieved as I probably would have failed the mission)You do a mission, and then you see the rewards and you scan for threats and another mission pops up and you think to yourself 'Yeah, I can do one more.' This is that kind of game."
76561198074618351,Recommended,268500,33254061,Posted: 4 July,all,CafPeChino,This series is by far the best turn-base game I have ever played. I recommend this game big time.
,Recommended,268500,27377733,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Red_Tower,"If you played and enjoyed XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Within at all, buy this game.If you like the idea of a tactical tug-of-war, the decisions you make having an impact, and fighting badass looking aliens as they try to take over Earth, this is definantly a game to think about.For me, I am always coming back to this, and probably will for as long as the modding community stays active. But even if they stopped developing new mods now, there is sooooo much available for this game I'd buy it again in a heartbeat. With the ease of adding community mods to the game, it makes this already great game even better."
76561198023602843,Recommended,268500,21269223,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,El Roca,Not bad
76561198066278448,Recommended,268500,33210865,Posted: 3 July,all,ChrisKyeHugeFan,Better customization and tacticle gameplay options but the move limit on almost every mission makes the experience feel rushed and not genuine. I would recomend getting a mod from the workshop to get rid oif the turn limits. It makes the game more like the first and better in my opinion. Still good tho.
76561198006109762,Recommended,268500,26494456,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Radiophonic,"XCOM 2 is a good turn-based game -  I recommend it!GameplayYou race around a map in a very massive aircraft, collecting resources, and taking on missions.  These missions involve shooting aliens.  A large number of missions have timers (which adds a level of difficulty).  If your dudes and dudettes survive, they get more beastly.  You spend lots of time researching and building gear for your soldiers and watching them mend in the hospital after they got shot up in the last mission.  In said missions, Sometimes your soldiers really suck and you get so incredibly furious.  Other times, they totally rock and you well with pride.  There is also a big timer that works against you all game, but I found it pretty lax.  The Proving Ground (a buildable facility) throws an element of randomness into the game by never knowing what the heck those engineers will actually come up with for you (special ammo, grenades, body armour, etc).SquadI really got attached to the squad members in this game. I loved customizing them, changing voice sets, nationality, gender's, etc, to make the right set of killer dolls.  The number of reloads due to key team members biting the bullet was high.  I like the classes available for squad members, of which there are five, each with two skill options to decide between on level up.The psionic class (unlockable by building a facility), has a nice feeling of power and can really rock the alien's world when fully trained.DifficultyI have played all the XCOM's to date and feel that perhaps XCOM UFO Defense (the oldest) was harder, but not by much (and my memory may be failing me, that was a while ago).  I played it through on normal, but had to turn it down to easy on two missions (which felt like cheating, but it was easier!).  Good on ya if you can play it on harder modes, although I didn't try them.BugsIt certainly has a few bugs, but none prevented me from accomplishing anything and at worst made me reload a save.  Mostly, they ocurred in the form of odd misclicks with the UI, a team member not getting off the dropship at mission start, terrain issues, squad members looking but not acting alive when they had been nuked by an alien, etc.  Nothing too important.Time to WreckI took my time, but it was around 35 hours or so from start to finish."
,Recommended,268500,26408177,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Meliora,"In the desert of a year filled with misleading marketing, broken releases, and disappointing games, XCOM 2 is an oasis.  When people look back on 2016, most of its titles, inde and AAA alike, will have been forgotten either for their mediocrity or out of the shame for having purchased them.  But not this one.Those who enjoyed XCOM: Enemy Unknown will find XCOM 2 well worth their money, time, and attention.  If 2K can continue to do work this good with the series, then it will take its place among the best franchises of gaming.  They really have done that well with it.The continued story remains true to the franchise, the objectives structure is familiar yet novel enough to entertain, the worst of the bugs and awkwardness from the last title are gone, the expanded mechanics and features are flawless.  It is a rare treat to get to play a game like this, and an absolute pleasure to praise work of such high quality."
76561197960866735,Recommended,268500,27678384,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dude_Huge,"90% chance to hit,  missbest game 10/10"
,Recommended,268500,26860006,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,feefyefowfum,Best G.I. Joe simulator ever!
,Recommended,268500,26827268,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Godzillamancer,"Incredibly solid sequel, eager to see the DLC"
76561198068651528,Recommended,268500,26620365,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,MALICIOUS,"I read the reviews and decided against this game.  My friend who I trust recommended it, so I go it.This game is great, it gives hope to the gaming world.  Major learning curves, addicting, and challenging and very rewarding.  Ironman mode is great and bumps up the replay factor.  You sink or swim/learn as you go.  I loved it, so much depth to the gameplay.One of, if not the best strategy/tactics games ever of its kind."
76561198079629157,Recommended,268500,26940534,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Demi Divine,"100 have passed, and i still find the game absolutely amazing! Such a big improvement from the first one. The character customization is brilliant, that alone kept me busy for hours and hours. Swapping character pools is a neat feature they put into the game, as well as story backrounds (which was another 20 hours writing the stories of 50 characters. Mod support has been amazing! It has slowed down as of recently, but there is a lot of content with the DLC out now. All in all, this game i find, is a must buy, it was one of the few games i will ever purchase day one, and i have no regrets of doing so."
76561198023163256,Recommended,268500,25974605,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Arch57,"After reading a few negative reviews for this game I was worried. I'm one that hates being timed. I like to take my time to get the best possible outcome. However, this game gives you a sense of being under presser without actually feeling like no matter what you do you'll never have enough time to do anything. If you love X-COM 2 than this game is a must buy"
76561198309966710,Recommended,268500,25992978,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Starbelly,"I played XCOM: EU and EW on PS3 a few years ago, and was enthralled immediately. The stories, the connections you make with your soldiers, it was all so organic and it was phenomenal. The game had a handful of issues that were annoying, but were minor enough that I'd give the game an 8/10. (Enemy Within, however,is such an improvement it's a 9/10.)Now, after logging in more than a few hours into the sequel, I'd say it's as good as Enemy Within. The feeling of being a guerilla force fighting from the bottom is a great change and the timer on some missions, while occasionally annoying, ramps up the intensity. Seriously, if you're coming from a different genre and are unsure how you'll like turn based tactics, give it a try. It's more intense than almost any FPS or fighting game there is in spite of it's slow pace. 9/10"
76561197988930413,Recommended,268500,26568327,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Keine,Whats up with the random targeting bug?
76561198141577995,Recommended,268500,27920258,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spectre_ZX,"Great Game!,The game is fantasitc, same as XCOM 1, even bigger and better!"
76561197972901499,Recommended,268500,27823745,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Screwy,"This game is absolutely no stress to play and makes me come back for more, long time fan of this one as I played the original in the 90s, best games ever in my opinion."
76561198089283189,Recommended,268500,28008076,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CrazyFarmerJones,"I loved my introduction to the XCOM series with Enemy Unknown, but many times I just wished the combat ran a little better, and looked a little less cartoony.  XCOM 2 solves many quality of life issues that made me give up on playing ironman in Enemy Unknown/Enemy Within.  After the first playthrough, various mods on the Steam Workshop allow me to change the way the game plays by adding new classes, weapons, enemies, until you hit that sweet spot of difficulty, whether as a badass squad of super soldiers, or a ragtag group of survivors, barely able to stand against your enemy.  Also, cosmetic mods add to the feel of each squad being uniquely yours to command."
76561198011629167,Recommended,268500,28059585,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hiddenman14,"One of the funnest games ever made, a textbook example of a game that makes me go ""five more minutes""."
,Recommended,268500,26790290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eggman249,"Really entertaining, though sometimes frustrating game. The mod scene is great, and adds for a lot of replayability on that alone."
,Recommended,268500,27463970,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blazeh,"One of the most challenging and rewarding games, i have ever played. It never bores me after playing it over and ove again."
76561198006919561,Recommended,268500,28345223,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Dunkelzahn,"An amazing game, carrying on in the fine tradition of the rebooted franchise.  An excellent story, challenging difficulty and another chance to have the game tell those stories through the team that starts off as faceless grunts and becomes your veteran team of badasses each with a heroic story, or death to talk about.The only complaint is that the season pass is kinda weak, some nice little tweaks that may be worth it at a sale price but not full."
76561198043953879,Recommended,268500,29430997,Posted: 22 January,all,Stargun5502,"-Transmission incoming- Hello Commander.  XCOM 2 is a strategy game, and is incredibly fun and rewarding. The Game takes place after XCOM: Enemy Unknown, when aliens invade and in this timeline, succeed. its up to you to save the world from its oppressors. The game is fun, and challenging, as every decison is very important. However, it does have one flaw....a big flaw. The Avatar Project, not saying any spoilers about it, but if it completes, game over. You are working against the clock to complete your mission before it completes. Its tough as nails. So tough.....too tough. Well with Steam Workshop, there is a mod called No Avatar project, if you get this game, go ahead and do it or suffer the misery called the avatar project. I love this game though, and i reccomend it to both new-comers like myself and old veterans of previous XCOM games."
76561198007405663,Recommended,268500,27602969,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YEEET,Ayy lamao
76561198271105938,Recommended,268500,29316408,Posted: 17 January,all,Unluckymonster,"XCOM 2 completed and Wow! What a great sequel to already great XCOM:EU.My only negative feedback is that why in 2nd last mission you can get only 3-4 people on mission?""We must limit our heat-wave to aliens."" says Central.Me: But we go there with excatly same Bradbird-plane........"
76561198031822946,Recommended,268500,28303830,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,timroghair,Awesome game. Lots of fun.
76561198014157371,Recommended,268500,28347651,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,aykeem,"It's overall better than XCOM:Enemy Within. Maintains the general design, but refines it a lot and addresses a big chunk of the criticism. Plus it's moddable! There's quite a few interesting mods out there.It's less stable, still has quite a few bugs, but mostly related to animations and the interface. I haven't encountered anything game breaking.It's a lot more balanced, with difficulty that is coming from the high amount of alien types and their special abilities, as opposed to being able to one-shot your guys like in the previous installment. The game feels challenging, but fair, on a Veteran playthrough (difficulty 2 of 4). For comparison, the original XCOM difficulty 2 of 4 was very easy, while 3 of 4 had a very big difficulty spike due to aliens one-shotting XCOM soldiers easily in the first one third of the campaign.In my oppinion it's the best squad-focused turn-based tactical strategy game out there at the moment.My only complaint is that the end game is pretty short and you don't get that much of a chance to use the shiney last tier equipment or the most powerful abilities at your soldier's disposal. But there's a long war mod for that :P (the Partisan War mod).EDIT: A Long War 2 mod made by the original team behind the XCOM1 LW mod and backed officially by Firaxis has been launched. It's really good, brings a lot of new content (missions, research tree options, utility items, 2 whole new weapon tiers, maps, aliens, etc.) and an overhaul of the strategic (geoscape) layer. Two thumbs up for XCOM2 just because of this mod - it increases the replay value of the game hugely."
76561197993553833,Recommended,268500,26408064,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Shokai,"I played all the orinigal Xcom games year ago when they came out.   I loved them.   I got the rebooted Xcom 1 and it was pretty good.   Much much better and harder and tons more fun when longwar came out.I picked this up a few months after it came out (a week ago).  It was on my wish list but I wasnt overly driven to get it when it released.I must admit I was wrong.   This game is great.  I have a few wishes (alot of pauses in the game, the ability to select my soldier classes, many of the maps have turn limits so you have to move fast (i tend to like taking a more strategic approach, cant do that with turn limits without planning your moves and using dashing alot more than I'd like)).But overall this game is fun, really brought alot more to the table than xcom1.  More varied creatures.  More story so far at least.  more customization.  More workshop integration.  I'm using melee more than I ever have  and its just fun watching a good axe chop.  Alot more animated cutscenes adds alot more drama to the fights.     I like the hacking class and how it adds buffs to the fight.  More crafting of stuff.   More weapon customization.  And much more I didnt list probably.   All of this adds up to a much more enjoyable game.   So much so its got my first review here in steam and I've had this account forever.  170+ games and who knows how much dlc."
,Recommended,268500,28126596,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,-DI-Carthage,"I've never been into turn based games, the format couyld never get me to invest or get excited about what was happening. Somehow, by some strange witchcraft that I blame aliens for, Xcom has changed that. Although it is currently the only exception to the rule, it is fun and exciting. I started playing and the next thing I knew it was three days later.There's a child in me who loves the idea of kitting out my squad. Chuck Norris, The Terminator, John Rambo and Snake, then sending them off to shoot aliens and save the world (again). You can't help but become invested in the charcters, and when one of them eventually dies there is a real loss, both for the character you watched go from raw recruit to seasoned alien hunter and in the game as losing a skilled character can be a serious set back.So even as the Terminator was dismantled, and Snake bleeding out, Iron Man and Lara Croft were waiting in the wings for their chance to leave their mark on the genetically enhanced faces of the Aliens.Great game, loading times can be a bit long but to be honest that's the only real complaint I have. Even if you have never played a turn based strategy game, give it a try, it will surprise you.Squad honourable mentions: Obi-Wan Kenobi, Conan the Barbarian, RoboCop, Robin Hood, Ghost Rider, Alice, James T Kirk, Neo, King Leonidus, John McClane, Bruce Lee, Achilles, Boba Fett, Bane, General Zod and Selene.Good huntin'"
,Recommended,268500,28336029,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Zodd,"Firaxis really needs to add co-op to this game, but other than that it's absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,268500,28340000,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Jakobie Bryant,"Xcom: Enemy Unknown was my first turn based strategy game that I really put any time into. I thoroughly enjoyed the first one which was a surprise since I'm usually not too fond of turn based anything. So to keep it short, if you liked the first one you will definitely enjoy the second. If you haven't played the first one I'd highly recommend it, it will make your experience with xcom 2 a whooooole lot less frustrating. There's a lot of innovative enhancements to the original gameplay to keep it fresh and interesting but still has the core Xcom feel. I really like the new skills they added and the more in depth class system. Also the character customization is awesome, I thought I wouldn't give a damn about character appearance in a game like this but there's a lot of options and it makes you that much more inclined to try and keep your favorite soldiers alive. Another thing, I've seen quite a few reviews complaining about bugs and glitches interfering with gameplay. There are definitely some AI bug issues, but in my case nothing interfered with my gameplay other than the occasional pause because the game gets stuck on the enemy turn for a few seconds. The rest were pretty small and easily ignorable bugs. (Again, this was my personal experience) I don't have too much negative feedback to give on this game other than certain missions feeling way too hard for your current progress and some lag and pauses during the enemy turn. NOTE TO NEW PLAYERS: PERSONAL SUGGESTION, DON'T DO IRON MAN ON YOUR FIRST PLAY THROUGH. I WOULD HAVE SMASHED MY WHOLE COMPUTER TO PIECES.The good:-great new skills-MOST of the time the difficulty feels balanced as you progress-in depth customization-longer story, more hours of fun gameplay-great for players new to strategy games. Easy to learn, but it keeps you challenged-story is more interesting than the first-looks goodThe bad:-painfully frustrating at times. Some might consider this a good thing for a strategy game, but a lot of those times I felt like I had been cheated instead of outplayed-shot percentages feel like they are always way less than what they say (60% feels like 40%) maybe I'm just a ♥♥♥♥♥-some of the countdown missions feel way too rushed and next to impossible to come out with a success and a full crew. Then again that may have been the intention. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.-Small bugs and glitches-long loading screens8/10"
76561198071172199,Recommended,268500,25846121,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,gURGLESKLETCH,Review.
76561197990219487,Recommended,268500,25992189,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Steiney,My wife says this game makes me say bad words 11/10
,Recommended,268500,29633672,Posted: 1 February,all,Arcsniper,"XCOM 2So I have both played Enemy Unknown and have a decent hundred hours in that game. And i have put over a hundred hours into this game, completing four campaigns, and I will be honest that I thoroughly enjoy my time playing this game. However this game does have its draw backs after all this time.If you’re looking to buy this game i hope this review will give you a full analysis of the positives and negatives of the game. As well as my own personal opinion of this game.Positive:So the positive aspects of this game are very well developed, and more plentiful than that in Xcom EU/EW. And these include many of the aspects of Xcom and they developed them in Xcom 2.  For example:-  Great turn based strategy game.-  Simple game in terms of mechanics and gameplay (this is a good thing it makes control much easier for new players)-  Story was enough to have me run through it four times, even though it was the same each time.-  ModsThese are some of the most evident positives of the game, however there are also some negativesNegativesAs the hit chance is based on ""chance"" many of the actions taken by solders and in contrast alien might seem significantly broken, such as shooting through walls, or being spotted through walls, while your solders miss a 98% shot.  Some of these negatives can be countered with the addition of mods and having people on the internet fix certain problems. However in my first and second play through the final boss level were a strain on my decent gaming computer, this might have been fixed as i have not experienced it since, however There is the possibility. Another aspect is the occasional crashes when you are loading certain saves,PersonalEven with all the negative aspects that are possible in this game, I would still recommend it, and this is because it is a great strategy game that I had and still am having fun with. The only thing is that on more challenging difficulties the game can become a love hate relationship. But Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a turn based strategy game that has a significant challenge level and a decent amount of replay-ability."
76561198128558703,Recommended,268500,26523296,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bigby Wolf,"Xcom 2! To me the ultimate turn based game out there. Just to get a couple of minor gripes out the way first. Loading times are long and when modded can feel unstable at times. With this said the mods are fantastic! It really changes the game and makes it something unique. It's a hard game (very actually) frustrating also at times, but will keep you coming back for more.  The customisation is one, if not the best I have ever come across. It is truly brilliant and you feel as though you can create such a varied and interesting team. Grade A gameplay and very cool graphics also. The DLC is weak but OK. I would not bother till on sale with that tough, there's enough to get on with and the mods will change much, for the better.If you have never played Xom 1 or 2 do yourself a favour and sink into learning how to not rage quit after missing a 90% chance to hit shot. You'll need that skill!4.8 outa' 5! A modern masterpiece of strat gaming. And a special thanks to all modders who made all that possible. Huge respect!"
76561197974993565,Recommended,268500,27738923,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,frunci,Great Game
76561198044718544,Recommended,268500,26950560,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marcel_Oskar,XCOM2 consegue a façanha de ser melhor que o excelente XCOM: Enemy Unknow. Título obrigatório para quem curte turn-based game!
76561198062207703,Recommended,268500,26924530,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WaffleWaffle,"There is something about Xcom series... the more i play it the more i hate it, but every god damn time a mod or dlc comes out I put another 50h into it."
,Recommended,268500,29000639,Posted: 4 January,all,K . U . R . T,Was fun. Definitely get this on sale.Aliens and stuff.
76561198081295410,Recommended,268500,29574346,Posted: 29 January,all,TotallyACthulhu,"Improvement on the XCOM Enemy Unknown, however harder its still got a good a spin on story as well, worth at least 45 if sales praise you."
,Recommended,268500,24974788,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,⍟ Varen ⍟,"I've seen youtubers play it.I've watched an entire walkthrough.I know what mission there are.Yet I still get more tense to the point where my eye starts twitching of how difficult it is and how important it is to make a 99% shot. That 1% stresses me the ♥♥♥♥ out.I've never in my life had to implement so much strategy just to take out a ADVENT trooper because if i don't the amount of damage he'll do to my sharpshooter is crucial enough that when i need him the most he can't be there because he's either panciking, wounded, dead, and with that the rest of my squad is left without sniper cover and they'll be picked off one by one like fish in a barrel.There is no room for mistake in this game.- Take a step too far? Oop! You got 5 more enemies you now HAVE to deal with.- Don't move far enough? Oh well, the network you were trying to hack is now shutdown because you ran out of time.- Didn't reload your gun? Here! Here's a perfect shot you've been waiting for but no ammo!- Wasted all your squad's turns on killing one enemy? Here comes one of their buddies here to insta kill your best soldier.- Need to position your Sharpshooter on a roof? Sure, let me place 5 ADVENT troopers up there!- You just countered some progress on the AVATAR project? That doesn't matter the two other dark events give ADVENT soldiers more health and more damage. Your Welcome!"
76561197983564380,Recommended,268500,29645778,Posted: 2 February,all,gamesidiot,"This is the best version of XCOM yet.  With a series of simple but important improvements, e.g. no wasted overwatch shots, concealment), the game is stronger than XCOM 1: Enemy Unknown."
76561198069195376,Recommended,268500,29420859,Posted: 22 January,all,jackattack245,more than bare dec. would recommend mandem 10/10
,Recommended,268500,28633958,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,AkiraFade,Nize sequel but need a proper specifications that is more than recommended requirements.
,Recommended,268500,28998235,Posted: 3 January,all,PrincessLuna_gamer,"I was a huge fan of XCOM:EW, so i proceeded to purchase this game hoping it'd be as good as Enemy Within.Until this day the game still has weird glitches for some reason. The optimization is mediocre at best. The gameplay stayed true to the previous XCOM game. The scout class with the broad sword was epic until animation started glitching out, the replacement of MEC and SHIV with SPARK was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The graphic was quite good with a more realistic style compared to EW, the voice acting is amazing.I decided to give this game a positive review anyway, but if you haven't played XCOM:Enemy Within, get that first. If you are an EW player returning, this game will make you feel right at home and give you a solid 50 hours of fun.I hope you'd enjoy it as much as i did, cheers: )Specs: Intel i7-6950X 3.50GHz CPU, Nvidia Quadro M6000 w/ 12GB GDDR5 VRAM, 128GB Corsair Dominator DDR4 RAM, Samsung 850 EVO 2.5"" 2TB SSD. Running at 7680x4320 resolution."
,Recommended,268500,29153224,Posted: 9 January,all,Didelė Pasiutusi Katė,"Get itIf you liked Enemy within - this sequel is better in every way.I've been cautious myself, heard lots of negative things about timers and subpar DLC, but I can firmly say - worth every cent I've spent on this game."
76561197969058892,Recommended,268500,26568749,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dingo-Glockwork,Even better than Enemy Unknown. Some people don't like the timers but I find that it makes the game more challenging and hectic. It forces you into situations your not prepared for and really brings a feeling of intensity at times. Especially on Ironman.
76561198213930144,Recommended,268500,26569946,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,dcan428,A great remake of a classic. They got it right with this one but they could do so much better. Strategy and turn-based at its best.
,Recommended,268500,28352716,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,kome360,"The Good: An immersive experience into the life of a terrorist leader fighting to save billions of innocent minorities from being melted down into radioactive genetic material so that the ruling class can get new bodies and use them to save the galaxy from an all-consuming psionic god.Boy, it sounds better in the head.Six classes, thirty gadgets, eighteen weapons, and hundreds of living targets for you to murder your way to victory.The Bad: The game will bug out on you every other time you play it.The stealth system needed more tweaks. For example, you can't go back into concealment mode even if you kill all enemies and stay away from patrols for two turns.8/10 Would Save Scum again. scum again. again."
,Recommended,268500,25894775,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Marxist Cheeto,"Lets be direct. XCOM: Enemy Unknown = security agency on a global scale. XCOM 2 = terrorist group. If you want to learn how to execute ""guerilla"" (terrorist) tactics, buy this game right ♥♥♥♥ing now."
76561198018721415,Recommended,268500,27830007,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PsyFax,Easy one of the best game i ever played
,Not Recommended,268500,27564409,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Plays2Hardball,"Save your money on this one, even at half off. After downloading the game and waiting for the launcher to apply all the patches, I was very dissappointed when I clicked ""Play"" and was presented with an error message. I tried a couple more times with the same results. I Googled the error and found many other posts of others having the same problem. I applied for a refund but somehow, between the Launcher's patching and the troubleshooting I've done, Steam says I've ""played"" for over 5 hours. I tried a second time explaining I've not ""played"" the game once but apparently time sitting in the Launcher counts as ""playing"". Yeah, I really enjoyed that ""play"" time. Shame on you Steam!"
76561197960496986,Recommended,268500,25972198,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Spuddy,Well polished title.
,Recommended,268500,25985802,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,gabi,Very good game. I recommend it!
76561197970603994,Recommended,268500,28644400,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[SSO] Bleddyn,"Overall Gameplay Thoughts: (everything could contain spoilers)In the early parts of the Game, XCOM2, you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ Running and ducking behind cover. Laying down suppressing fire with your grenadier as your ranger flanks around the side, taking a shot with their bolt caster. Making tough trade off decisions of cover, movement, and firing. And when something goes wrong XCOM2 punishes you for it.You think of new tactics as you go on, setting up a sniper with the squadsight and death from above abilities in the back on top of a building offering great support, or charging in with you Grenadier, hoping to ambush enemies and group them for devastating frag grenade attacks.Unfortunately, every developer has to tread the risky proposition that their game becomes redundant as the game drags on. While I never felt bored to the point I would simply walk away from the game, I began to dread those red alerts that meant I was forced onto a mission late game, because I knew it would be another 30 minutes to an hour of run, cover, shoot. While new aliens presented a new challenge, they're charm began to wear off after the second or third mission of seeing them.There got a point in the game where it was just, ""okay, you're not offering me anything new here, it's time to end the game."" New aliens, new abilities, don't innovate the game, they unfortunately just offer another button to push, and they became redundant. It's why I would say this game is good, but not great.If I had one major complaint of the game, it was that whenever trying to do something, like scanning an area, or trying to get additional intel at headquarters, the game was constantly interrupting you with other things. A 5 day scan would be interrupted 5 times with new missions, a mission that you couldn't bypass because it'd increase the Avatar tracker, research, building a new facility, etc. What seems like a simple task became an ordeal. I have no idea how to fix it, it just got annoying.Mechanics:XCOM is a tactical turn based game where you play behind the eyes of ""Commander"", a bad♥♥♥♥♥military commander who wins more often than he (or she) loses. In this role, you control a small group of soldiers, slowly giving them better equipment, weapons, and abilities. Flying around the world in the Avenger, you take on missions, each mission requiring the deployment of these soldiers. Each mission has a goal (destroy the transmitter, save as many civilians as possible, destroy all enemy forces, etc.) that you are required to complete to finish the mission, gaining rewards like additional supplies, an engineer, weapons, building materials, etc.In addition to missions, occasionally the game provides you with points of interest you need to fly to and scan. Scanning can take days, but doesn't require troop deployment, often providing many of the same (but fewer of) rewards as above.While doing these, the aliens are trying to perfect their Avatar project, a mysterious project with a 10 block timed countdown, your actions of which will either increase of decrease the timer. I have no idea what happens when you hit that final block, but you get the idea it will be bad.SuppliesSupplies are the main currency of the game. Used to build additional facilities, buy from the black market, hire additional resources, build researched items, and a number of other items. You get these mainly from completely missions and from making contact with additional sections of the world, which contribute supplies in a monthly supply drop.The game handles supply management fairly well. At times I would run out, but there was always something to do such as missions, scans, or the black market that I could make the decision to spend time and resources to get additional supplies.IntelGained from missions, points of interest, and flying back to headquarters. You use intel to make contact with new regions and a variety of other tasks.ResearchWorking with Dr. Richard Tygan, you must hire or rescue scientists. During your missions as you kill new aliens or discover alien intel caches, or various other items, you'd take them back to your ship to the butcher Dr. Tygan. In the ship he'd poke, prod, and dissect the aliens hoping to gain a little more knowledge, such as better weapons, armor, or utility items.EngineeringIn Engineer you find Chief Engineer Lily Shen, daughter of and prodigy to the now-deceased Dr. Raymond Shen. Here she helps you build the items Tygan has researched, building plasma rifles and gas gernades. Additionally, her team works on the avenger, clearing debris and rebuilding rooms with facilities that give you boosts such as the Guerilla Tactics School, allowing you to expand the number of  soldiers you can bring to a mission.AliensFiraxis has brought back some of the same aliens as before including Mutons, Berserkers, Sectoids, and a few others. However, each one is a little different, and you explore these differences in the autotopsys. You find out for example that the thin men from XCOM Enemy Unknown were actually a Viper race. Having successfully taken over the world, thin men are no longer needed, and they can finally take their true forms. Faceless are now the infiltration unit Clay Face looking creatures that somehow morph from inconspicuous looking civilians.They're joined by Codex (data driven brains that teleport around the map), a cadre of Advent troopers (Troopers, officers,stun lancers, and shield bearers), and the biologically tinkered with aliens (Viper, Mutons, Chryssalids, Archons, and Andromedon).  Firaxis does a fairly good job of introducing new threats, and pacing out their introduction so you never feel like your bored of the aliens, giving each unique attributes that offer a challenge to fighting them.Soldier ClassesXCOM2 offers you a number of classes including Ranger (Shotguns and Melee), Grenadier (Big weapons and Grenade Laucnhers), Specialist (Standard Weapons and Robots), Sharpshooter (Snipers), and Spark (if you got the DLC, it's a robot). Each class has about 6-7 unique abilities you can choose as the soldier gains rank (which they earn through killing things).GameplayOnce deployed on a mission, you direct your soldiers around a map, hiding behind cover, and darting between trees and cars, trying to flank enemies and increase hit percentages against your opponents. The map is covered in a fog of war, and you always have to be careful, because once you are no longer concealed, uncovering enemies from the fog of war results in them seeing you, taking cover, and waiting until it's the alien's turn to gun you down. This helps lend to the strategy, as your always making sure to fight in zones, finishing off a group of aliens before proceeding forward so you don't end up fighting against 9 different aliens. Each soldier has (for the most part) two actions, with firing your main weapon generally ending your turn."
76561198056655038,Recommended,268500,26623172,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Tom The Velociraptor,"great game, some framerate issues sometimes but it way better than the first game and is super full to watch your soldiers die painful brutal deaths."
,Recommended,268500,28839938,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,lasthidingplace,"Awesome game...it surpasses the first Xcom in every way in my opinion. Although the previous version is awesome, this one just feels like a more complete game.I also bought the DLC, but I'm not sure I made the right move there...one of them simply added enemies to the game which are super tough. They spank you while you are in the middle of a mission, then they leg it through a portal, only to return another time to slap you around some more. Rinse and repeat until you eventually kill them, which then allows you to research them to get new armour etc.  I personally found this just added frustration to an already difficult game.All in all however, the base game is definitely worth getting.9/10"
,Recommended,268500,27898603,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,shadowreaperjb,"sometimes you just need to play a game which punishes you for getting attached to characters in your pool of minions. word of advice, DON'T MAKE YOU AND YOUR S.O. they may not forgive you when they find out that you saved your character over theirs during a mission."
,Recommended,268500,27833186,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,A Soul Reaver,"Xcom 2 is one of the greatest games Firaxis has made this year for a number of reasons that should be noted for anyone thinking of buying this game:first off, it has amazing graphics and a much better tactical system than it's predecessorit has a really amazing and great story that draws you into itit lives up to it's predecessor (which is something sequels rarely do)it has this thing about the game where it draws you into it for some reason, you can never put your finger on it but after you've played for abit, you just wanna play more of it for some reasonnow don't get me wrong, the game isn't perfect, for starters most of it's DLC's were kinda useless or uninteresting, and the story forces you to catch up with the missions or else you will fail by purely running out of time, but otherwise it's a fantastic game that i would recommend to friends, family and anyone else even thinking of buying this game and loves great strategies"
,Recommended,268500,27323621,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bombskillu,Missed a 99% chance to hit. 10/10 would rng again
,Recommended,268500,27829329,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[CA]Enigma,Improves on the reboot in every way.And steam integration is awesome.
76561197986706741,Recommended,268500,29631144,Posted: 1 February,all,Evil Unitato-Noid,"XCOM 2...It's kinda late for a review, since I already put a lot of time into it and it's been out for a while now. However, since the ""long war 2"" mod came out recently I guess I should at least say something about XCOM 2.The book was better.Naaaah just kidding. The book was more in the ""okay - department"". The game however is amazing and a good successor to the first reboot XCOM. You field your resistance warriors against the alien opressors and fight for your freedom. So theres that, a good but simple story about mankind fighting against a seemingly unbeatable enemy.Gameplay wise it's XCOM (reboot) with some nice additions, so again it's good at what it does.If you liked the first one, you will love this one. Especially with the long war mod which really pumps up the difficulty and adds lots of strategic possibilities to the mix.Heres hoping the next XCOM will be just as good and maybe take a couple of the Long War 2 Mod elements into account."
76561198094176014,Recommended,268500,29559105,Posted: 29 January,all,Tictok,XCOM series is a maniac game.... from XCOM1 I love this game.. and XCOM2 still gives me lots of fun...
,Recommended,268500,26461605,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Norasuko,"Pros:Challenging gameplay.Great mod support.Simple and easy to learn, yet deep tactics.Long escalating campaign. Long enough to feel like it's worth your money and not overstay it's welcome.Cons:The challenging gameplay might feel TOO challenging at times. Sometimes it feels unfair to some people.The cosmetic DLC might not be all that worth it (the story DLC is cool if you're up for a second playtrough).Has some BAD bugs, long loading times (sometimes) and poor optimization. I have way above the recommended specs in my PC and I still can't play without stuttering.None of the cons make this game any less than a 10 in my book, though. It's one of my favorite games!For the full experience I recommend playing on ironman/easy for your first playthrough and then trying ironman/medium or superior later. Ironman mode makes your decisions feel more important and you get to actually suffer when a good soldier dies (just try not to get TOO attached to them)."
76561198176525779,Recommended,268500,26463043,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,A scag baron named Savage Henry,"While I'm not generally drawn to turn-based tactical games, during the last Steam sale I noticed the price drop and upon a recommendation from a close friend I decided to drop the 30 bucks and have barely regretted it since. I've never played the first XCOM, so I couldn't make any comparisions there.First impressions: Hard. Very hard. Why is everyone dying? Why do I keep missing?But now, I'm a firm convert for XCOM 2.This game is an absolute blast to play. Once I got the hang of the tactical combat I really began to enjoy every battle, the suspense you get after signalling and ambush and praying for the destruction of the enemy.But, there are some points I don't like. For one, the stragey aspects that come with the Avenger are pretty hard. True, it does recreate the feeling of fighting an entire alien force with limited resources and time, but all the same, it makes the game real ♥♥♥♥ing annoying when you have to turn down major (time sensitive) missions because everyone except your lowly recruits are wounded. And once you get behind the AVATAR project bar it's almost impossible to catch up again.All in all though, a good 7/10."
76561197975613528,Recommended,268500,21196961,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,CW,"still the level of awesome you expect from Xcom.adding in modding is probably a big mistake, if you liked the overwhelming levels of badassery that Xcom was in the past just don't add 'em in.Edit:one year in from purchase:- still one of my top ten timewasters.- mods are iffy, some make the game too easy. others add a little flavour.... choose wisely- looking forward to more DLC like the moster hunter or Shen's gift. add quite a bit to the base game, though playing without the dlc added in is still a riot.wish i could add another ""thumbs up"""
,Recommended,268500,29910536,Posted: 13 February,all,Uncle Dick,Save scum all the way through the first game but I guess that's not the canon ending.Won't stop me from save scumming through this game.
,Recommended,268500,30819287,Posted: 29 March,all,Zero Summ,"Pros:Engaging turn-based combat. It's easy to pick up but you quickly realize how important every single action is. One wrong move could easily result in a dead soldier. There's also a good variety of classes (4 base classes, 1 unlocked via a ship upgrade, and another is part of Shen's Last Gift DLC.)Layers of strategy: I really like the tension the game maintains. Having to choose between squad or ship upgrades, or what continent you should help first. The game has a surprising amount of depth to it.Mod support: This game has a wonderful modding community behind it. There is a huge selection of content: character customization props, addition terrain pieces, quality of life fixes, additional classes, and campaign overhauls.(On a side note: avoid any character props/races that have ""empty"" face placeholders. I.e. they only have eyes, teeth, and hair. The game will still use those for randomly generated NPCs, engineers, and scientists. That♥♥♥♥♥♥is nightmare fuel.)Character customization: Honestly, I think I spent 8 hours just making characters. There is a pretty decent selection just in the vanilla game. Add mods that allow for additional layering and more pieces and you can do pretty much anything.Replayability: Very high. Trying out different mods, different play-styles, randomly generated events and battlefields, and different upgrade priorities. No two games will be the same.Graphics & sound: The game has respectable AAA graphics and sound. Plenty of options, and runs smoothly. While the game does look good, it probably won't blow anyone away.Neutral:Story: It won't blow your mind by any measure, but the story maintains a good focus and the cut-scenes, characters, and voice acting are all well executed and maintain a good production quality.Environmental destruction: Walls, trees, and clutter items are all destructible, I just wish buildings had more dynamic destruction. Like if you took out some support beams the whole building would go down.Difficulty curve: The game goes from ""walk-in-the-park"" to ""this game is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; difficulty real quick. Though, once you kind of know what your doing it's not so bad.Cons:Line of sight issues: even with mods that provide some additional feature and bug fixes, this is probably the most frustrating part of the game. Nothing will generate rage like getting one-shot through the floorboards when on your turn your character couldn't even see them.The game is still pretty buggy. On a totally vanilla game I've ran into bugs like: enemies don't take actions, and SPARK units don't end turn after using overdrive, and all their actions.Hacking mechanic: Rewards are sometimes nonsensical, and usually don't warrant the risk/reward until you get a higher level technician. I just didn't find the mechanic fun.Computer Specs: Intel i7 5930k, EVGA GTX 1080ti FE, LG 34UM95 (3440x1440, 60hz), 500GB Samsung 850 Pro SSD."
,Recommended,268500,28109881,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Prophet,"TLDR: its a great game you should buy it.This Game is amazing xcom 2 for me is a ton of fun even if you haven't played XCOM enemy unknown. firstly when you play the first time turn on the tutorial because alot of the opening story and opening cutsences are linked to it and will not play without doing the tutorial.You will be a bit lost without it that said I found the tutorial to be entertaining I will not be spoiling anything in this review though at the time of writing this I haven't even completed the game because I was so drawn into the side missions.which are all unique and have randomly generated maps I never saw the same one twice. when starting a game I do recomend playing on one of the higher difficultys verteran is a great start for new players but don't play on anything easyer and turning on iron man which means you can't relod saves (WARNING THIS WILL BE VERY ANOYYING EARLY) this makes every new enemy and situation shock you as you start to care about the soldiers in your team and if they die you lose all the abilitys they have and if you don't extract there body you lose all the gear you equiped them with. The way most things are introduced to you are by suprise which I found great because you have to adapt on the fly having  new enemys have cool new abilitys you weren;t expecting makes things incredible tense even though its turn by turn. also you can customise all you soldiers with a suprising amount of stuff faces armour hats facail hair you can make them look like almost anyone or thing you want and the mod support for this game only adds to that (NOTE: adding a mod will not disable achevments no matter what the mod does or affects so don't worry about disabling achevments because you REALLY want your favorite water gun that shoots apple pie to be in the game). There are also voice packs, texture mods, AI improvments, new weapons, all for free on the the steam workshop really helping alot with the replay ablity of the game. When I played it however I never saw the need for mods as the game runs amazingly and has a ton of detail but thats just me. it should be notied that there are some BS things in the game that can make it feel cheap like early game if a soldier gets hit by anything they are wounded for 28 DAYS (in game time not IRL time) this means that they fall WAY behind the rest of your squad. Also many soldiers early game will miss like point blank shots or 95% hit chances which can be very frusterating but for me I felt it was just part of the game but for some people this can be very anoyying as one wrong move if your not carful can snowball into a disater going as far as losing the whole mission (while this has not happened to me I have seen clips of it happening and its almost heartbreaking that said its INSANLY uncommon).XCOM 2 also has a timer mechanic where if ADVENT gets to complete a certain project (don't worry no spoilers) you lose the game however this never felt like a problem to me for me it kept the game feeling very tense like I was pressed for time and every desision I make was important and while you can't mold you own story like in mass effect they have arguably more of an effect on the game  here because you choose what to reserch and build for your soldiers what weapons to get and not this means if you want to focus on armour reserch you will have to account for working with weaker weapons untill you can get better guns that said you can switch directives for reserch anytime and you willnever block one reserch option if you do a different one you can get all techs in the game. onto the DLC's for XCOM 2I recommend getting them shens gift and alien hunters add alot of cool stuff to the game and shen's gift has an AWSOME mission which reqires alot of thinking and planning and adds deployable mechs called SPARKS to your team that said the cosmetic DLC is not personaly worth it as it breaks imersion and makes many soldiers look goofy but thats all my opinion many people may like that kind of stuff but mods add better cosmetics so theres no real reason to buy it i have it because I bought the game if the year equvent of XCOM 2 so for me it was free but its not needed at all. anywho thats all for this review if you have any questions about the game I would be happy to answer them over all I would say for me this game is a 9/10 its amazing great controls never had a problem great graphics its well optomised and I haven't had one crash or even a frame rate drop."
,Recommended,268500,29588123,Posted: 30 January,all,UbiIllumina,"The ADVENT humanoid has double health than your guys.AYY LMAO has doubled the health from 20 years ago, and some even tripled.Expect using old ballistic weapon and armor when the AYY LMAO has laser and plasma.Expect no air superiority, your base can get SHOT DOWN and some of the scariest base defense.""Normal"" is literally HARD.This game is spooky.And fun, and feels."
76561198063910435,Recommended,268500,21001032,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The act of glory,"XCOM 2 is a great accessor to XCOM:EU and XCOM:EW. It keeps the core gameplay intact by rewarding strategic planning and patience. However, some design choice happens to damage how this core gameplay carries out.My biggest concern is the time-limited missions. In these missions, you are forced to engage the enermies at a much faster and less thoughtfull way. This often forces you to engage enermies that you are prepared for or being purnished for being forced to be aggressive. I feel like there should be an way to increase the turn limit(like hacking a terminal or some base research).Another thing that I really want to criticize is the long time it takes to complete any scan or fly from place to place. Does it really need to take 3 days to pick up the supply drop? I don't believe so. Also, with the new ""mobile base"" concept, it takes way too much time on the road between missions, especially after you unlocked a few more regions and events show up everywhere.Also, there are some wierd bugs and glitches(mostly visual ones, like floating corpses, enermy don't drop from ceiling).TL;DR: XCOM2 is a great game. It's fun and challenging. In addition, the current problems are easy to fix with a few mods or patches from Firaxis."
76561197985314576,Recommended,268500,21097742,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Prophet203,Amazing game. A very good follow up to the previous installment. Plenty of new enemies and new tools to keep you on your toes and keeping the experience fresh.
76561198199415997,Recommended,268500,21020081,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Milk's favorite human,This must be Donald Trumps favorite game due to killing so many Aliens. 0/10
,Recommended,268500,20987479,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Darantyr,"First mission. Legend Ironman, four guys on my team, 3 enemy pods: Sectoid + Trooper, 3x Troopers, 2x Trooper + 1 Officer.Managed to kill the first two pods without taking damage. When the third showed up, flanked one of the troopers and killed him. The officer marked one of my rookies and took a shot at him even while he was behind high cover.The shot killed the rookie. Then two other rookies fell into panic and dashed to behind the statue you have to destroy. The first rookie to run attempted a shot at the remaining trooper and failed. Then rookie retard-class thought it would be a good idea throwing a grenade at his feet, blowing himself and the other panic-afflicted rookie to bits.Dat XCOM.Restarted 6 times after this before managing to clear the level without being wiped out."
76561198092383032,Recommended,268500,26438488,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,csg990,"As a huge fan of XCOM EU, I have to say my expectations for this game were pretty high. XCOM 2 exceeded those expectations as it only added to the greatness that was found in the previous game. The only downgrade in my opinion would be the atmosphere. In EU there was a slight sense of fear but unfortunately in 2 they didn't really hit that mark as that had before. Overall it's one of my favorite games of all time, right next to XCOM EU, highly recommend (on impossible ironman of course lol)."
,Recommended,268500,21135889,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MarKo BlanCo,By now you must have heard about the Issues at launch. It's buggy as F*k is the only way to really describe the current state the game is in. To give you an idea on my final mission I played it in pictures pretty much.Now the game is a true master piece! Took me 58 hours to fully complete my first playthrough. Once it’s fully optimized this will be the most addicting game you’ve played. It’s wicked awesome! I did not have a problem with the turn based clock. I welcomed it and enjoyed it a heck of a lot. It forces you to think different then you do with EU/EW and not rely on overwatch so dam much. If you don’t want it there is a mod for that. It is a different game then EU/EW but with the same mechanics. So you can still go back and enjoy those two master pieces as well. Do I recommend you buy this game? Hecks yea! In a month or two once it’s fully functioning properly.  That’s my review and I’m out!P.SFiraxis if you read this I think the whole Xcom 2 community should get a new piece of DLC for free. Make something else up since I already own the deluxe version.
76561198077799925,Recommended,268500,20970639,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Verios44,"First mission, a sectoid is waiting.1. Nathan kills a Advant soldier2. Sectoid revives dead soldier that happens to be in a flanking angle3. Nathan bites the dust4. Sectoid revives Nathan and turns his zombified corpse on me!5. Forced to shoot my own dead friend!6. Sectoid mind controls Kelly7. Kelly double taps Sam8. Advent captain falls to Dolby9. Dolby is forced to kill the Sectoid10. 90% chance to hit flank shot missd!11. squad diesXCOM!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,268500,32866952,Posted: 27 June,all,jetboy9898,Pretty good game
76561198040525910,Recommended,268500,32877953,Posted: 27 June,all,Triforce,"Decent I guess, 11/10"
,Recommended,268500,32882636,Posted: 27 June,all,Seraph522,"If you're fond of turn-based strategy games, this is an excellent game to check out. I prefer XCOM 2 over its predecessor, mostly for its updates to the formula and its greater challenge, even on lower difficulties. It is more graphically intensive, and not as easy to play on older machines, so keep that in mind if you want to purchase it. Plenty of good mods available as well, which is always a plus."
76561198025428808,Recommended,268500,28355917,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,mightymrm,i loved this game lived up to all my wishes :3
76561197972259164,Recommended,268500,28109544,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Professor Chuckles,"XCOM 2 is a mixed bag. On one hand, it offers deep customization, plenty of workshop content, and battles that actually make you think. On the other, XCOM is unoptimized, repetitive, and boring. Each map claims to be ""randomly"" generated. This may be true to an extent, but in the end, they all feel fairly similar (but still seem realistic). This game kept me occupied for about 80 hours, but after that, it felt like a strain to keep playing.Pros: A new game for me that actually made me think about my actions + consequences.Deep amount of customizationGood atmosphereGood progress systemCons: UnoptimizedFights and missions seem repetitive after a whileFights obviously biased in favor of the aliens and make it near impossible for you to win some without save scumming."
76561198034630212,Recommended,268500,26956921,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Taco Turtle,"A very good game that not only improves on the previous game but also innovates in the right ways. With expansions, I definately approve, with mods, even better."
,Recommended,268500,31079622,Posted: 11 April,all,pH. mmSNAKE,"Originally I wrote a fairly negative review since I was rather angry with some of the issues that burden this game. I retracted the review since I decided to run a good bit of Long War 2 before I made my decisions. While this review is going to adress vanilla game my decisions are strongly influenced by the mod community and in particular Long War 2. Without that I probably wouldn't play this game ever again.This is a sequel to XCOM: Enemy Unknown, where you lost the fight, and now you fight from a conquered society as rebels. The situation might change but the gameplay overview is still the same. You manage resources, you make research decisions, you manage other 'countries' (havens), build your base, level your troops and so forth. There are various changes and improvements over the previous game. I'm gonna go over those first.One is that most missions you start concealed. This lets you sneak around and perform an ambush on a patrolling enemy squad. This significantly changed the overwatch camping inching from the previous game. You can gather information easier and therefore have more control on when and how you activate a pod. Even if a mission doesn't start you concealed you can bring a soldier that has 'phantom' ability and starts out so nevertheless. Next is Overwatch is FAR better. No more of your entire team shooting at a dead corpse. If one unit kills a target, others won't waste their overwatch shot on it. I can't express how good this change is. Classes in vanilla are similar to those from EU. Perhaps slight tweaks (like support class become a more remote hacker/medic type class), but more or less the same. Psi trooper gets their own specific class, and in vanilla they are probably overpowered once fully online. Long War 2 goes way beyond everything in vanilla, just like in LW1 in comparison.Most aliens make return, but some perhaps with slight changes. Sectoids, Mutons, Berserkers, Sectopods etc. While humanoid ADVENT join and make a bulk of their forces this time around. It will make the engagements different (especially in LW2), when you have humanoids running around with rocket launchers, grenade launchers and have very specific and deadly OW capabilities. Overall tactical flavor in this game is definately not lacking.So what went wrong? The technical portion of the game is a mess. Line of sight bugs are NUMEROUS, and at times can make your mission go down the toilet. Your unit has los on a unit in cover. You destroy that cover, now your unit somehow magically doesn't see the exposed/flanked unit. Or You get cover just 'wearing off'. All of a sudden your unit in full cover stops registering that it is in cover and counts as exposed. There are MANY of dumb instances where game doesn't behave as it is supposed to, clearly buggy behavior. It can ruin missions. If you are playing this game (and LW2) I suggest that you don't run Ironman. I personally am fine with losing troops, I'm fine with making a mistake and activating poorly, but I'm not ok when I lose a mission to a bug.Then there is optimization. Hoo boy is this bad. I have a 1080, i7 7700 and I will get lag spikes in some activations, animations or when particle effects are numerous. Sure it is a turn based game (and Long War 2 has a LOT more♥♥♥♥♥♥than vanilla game), and yeah the game looks pretty good, but not THAT good that it should tax the hardware so much. Honestly unless you crank down every setting and resolution you will probably suffer performance issues with machines that aren't up to snuff.The biggest saving grace for this game is the modding support. There are absurd amount of mods. From amazing quality of life mods (gotcha again), to cosmetic mods, to outstanding UI mods, to complete overhauls like Long War 2 (which i honest consider the base game at this point, since I'm never playing vanilla again). You can also go into the files and tweak setting to how you see fit. Overall this lets you expand and cater the game to how you would like it more to be. More complex, or less. Harder or easier, it is all in your hands.So my overall judgement is if you plan on playing this for vanilla I can't endorse it.  The game doesn't offer enough options and gameplay when faced with such technical issues, but if you want to mod it (doesn't have to be Long War 2), I would then say go for it and you will probably find something you can spend hundreds of hours on."
76561198009971104,Recommended,268500,33032838,Posted: 30 June,all,Moonshine,"Its simple yet marvelously entertaining, easy to enjoy and also strategic to play"
,Recommended,268500,26517049,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,KingWaffles101,"The sequel is quite an improvement over the previous game. The enemies are much more challenging with powerful abilities like teleportation, shields and just over-the-top fire power. Mods are always a good addition."
,Recommended,268500,33435082,Posted: 10 July,all,CaramK,Immensely satisfying sequel best enjoyed with a sprinkling of mods.
76561198025455229,Recommended,268500,33436567,Posted: 10 July,all,Big Stupid Muscles,95% Chance to hit. (Missed)
76561198078899871,Recommended,268500,21227126,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Anime girls cant say no,Spent 3 hours making team. First mission in a panicked soldier grenade killed my whole squad. 10/10.
76561198113050803,Recommended,268500,29214844,Posted: 12 January,all,pissed_off_student,"The game is good besides the annoying timers, which can be modded. you should know ahead of time that most modes are relatively useless or unreliable. Graphic wise, I found little difference between the original and this one, especially considering the steap hardware requirements for the new one."
76561198083727314,Recommended,268500,28287691,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,sabintao,"This game is amazing, heartbreaking, rage inducing and euphoric. It will have you by the edge of your seat the entire time; and it's turn action based.The difficulty is punishing. Make a wrong move and it could mess up the entire mission. So you have to be very strategic, and difficult as it may be, sometimes you just have to make some sacrifices. Do you go for the missions objective even if you could loose your best guy? Do you risk carrying out a wounded brother in arms -or just saving your own hide fleeing?Who will be the hero? Who will crumble under pressure, leaving the the team exposed?X-COM 2 is one hell of a game, well worth the coin. Maybe it has some issues with bugs, but on the whole I have no critique.The learning curve might be a little steep, and as such it might discourage new player.The way to play is to use your wits and intellect to outmaneuver the brawn of the aliens.This means that this game is not for the casual gamers looking for something to pick up and play.If you like these types of games, this is the one for you. Look no further."
76561198143422905,Recommended,268500,30940290,Posted: 4 April,all,AnimeBird,Its Xcom baby
,Recommended,268500,32972301,Posted: 28 June,all,Cloaked Goliath,It's pretty good.
76561198106322293,Recommended,268500,32836781,Posted: 26 June,all,-[FF]-Ace_ofChaos,A good game but it is plauged by poor performance.
,Recommended,268500,33528291,Posted: 13 July,all,JustSomeOtaku,a great turn based strategy game about a resistance against an alien race that has taken over the earth which can pose a challenge or a time of casual enjoyment pending on how you like to play.
,Not Recommended,268500,30639167,Posted: 20 March,all,Khemi,"Pathetic!!!What else? Only playing it short while - really short and following bugs just put me off:* Linear story. There is no tactical or strategic about it. 1st mission, 2nd etc. cant just plan what and where you have mission.* 2nd mission you need to equip medi kit but it wont tell you. you may be stuck until you do. only found out with google for answer.* game crashed on 2nd mission already. Taking to account I have top class PC where Xcom 2 only using 40% of graphical memory - no reason for game to crash on its own.* will type more. Only will play with cheats now to see story line but dont enjoy normal game anymore."
76561198034501064,Not Recommended,268500,20982084,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,maximorph,don't buy it right now. The game crashes just loading up for multiple people including me. hold off until they fix it or you WILL end up regretting it.
76561198010743094,Recommended,268500,20979907,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,WatzGud,"You know how in games that allow you to fully customize your character, you can spend about an hour just trying to figure out what you want?Now imagine that except you make character after character almost like a damn sweatshop.The alien killing strategy minigame is fun too.XCom has improved since Enemy Unknown, just expect performance to drop occasionally like in some of the statements in negative reviews, or wait for the hotfix for that."
76561198171238315,Recommended,268500,21085551,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,danstew23,"I'd like to start by one of the main-points of TotalBiscuits review: ""If you didn't like the first remake of Xcom by Firaxis, you won't like this one either"". However... if you liked that first one, you might love this one.It very obviously is a follow-up, and a tiny bit of ""more of the same"", but the devs really managed to improve quite a few things and added some new mechanics.Graphics and performanceWhile graphics might not be as essential in a strategy game, it surely doesn't hurt if the game looks nice, and this one does. The chars don't look as beautiful and detailed as, say, in W3, but the game does look really nice, and you get to see quite a lot of the details you put in when you create your characters.Performance-wise, this might need a patch or two to improve stability. It didn't crash, but there are some framerate-drops, and some laggy moments, where, at the end of a turn, there is a weird delay, or sometimes, the game ""stops"" on the ""fly to mission loading screen"". Again, no crashes.Gameplay (mostly about the changes compared to the previous game)It works pretty much like the first Xcom. Turn-based, overwatch, etc, all the stuff is still there. However, Firaxis added quite a few new abilities, some of them really helping to turn the tide in an intense encounter. I really wasn't excited about melee, seeing alien-hunters swinging swords. I thought it was pretty silly, not making sense.However, the rangers are great for stealthy approaches, their attacks can be very powerful, and with some upgrades, you can move them out of harms way once you have slain an alien.The game is set in the future, a few years after the first game, so it makes sense that you get new gear, new abilities and tech. Some of the new suits and special abilities (like items that create mirages of your guys, which will draw the enemies attention) are pretty dang cool.However, the aliens did do some research too and did get some upgrades. The thin men now have a new look and abilities, and there are some all new heavy units which will give you quite a fight (I especially hate the AT-AT-like ones...gosh, those are tough).Some people have commented that the game is a bit more balanced, as in no more unfair and pretty much impossible moves by the aliens. However, I didn't notice too much of that in the first Xcom, even though I played that a lot, too. So there is no ""god powers"" for the aliens, they also miss shots quite often, and there is some room for error. If you do mess up or are too bold, you might just survive without losing a soldier... or you will get annihilated.Some cool new abilities, like hacking (even mobs, disabling them for a while or even mind-controlling them), the drones that specialists use are cool etc. One thing I love is ""serial"", a sniper ability. If you activate it and then manage to kill an enemy with your snipe-ability, you don't lose action points. So you can eg. weaken some mobs with a grenade on one guy, and when it's your snipers turn, you can kill them one by one in just one turn.The game does feel a bit tougher than the first one, yet not to the point where it is frustrating (I heard though that the final mission is VERY VERY tough, you will probably lose a bunch of your guys). Just like in the previous game, losing one of your soldiers, especially those you might have named after a rl-person, hurts, especially if they have reached a high rank.You decide how you progress. There is a doomsday-clock-device, adding some urgency, but you have choices... pick up more supplies, research a lot of new technology, focus on doing everything to slow down that Avatar-project? Yes, you eventually have to do certain missions and you better try to expand your network, but there is quite some choice here.What people seem to dislike, and one thing I am not fond of, is the amount of timed missions, with a limited amount of turns. There were some in part 1, and that was ok,... it was a nice change of pace, was a challenge, and made sense. However, having TOO many of them is... not always fun. Sure, it can be a blast to beat those, but if you really like to approach stuff tactically, try to keep your guys safe, set up perfect ambushes etc, well those timers will make that tough.You may wanna consider download a mod from the workshop which will extend those timers.I enjoy this a LOT. Wasnt sure whether I'd like the even more futuristic setting and look and the sword-class, but it turns out that this is a carefully crafted, improved take on the first remake. If you liked that one, definitely check this one out!Pros:- Looks great- Fun new updates and tech and abilities for both you and the aliens- Said techniques and abilities allow some all new strategies- Some nice new missions and progression/choice system (world map)- Challenging- Apparently, more variety in the maps you play on and the way things are set up- High replayability (had to start over twice, once to make up for mistakes I had made and apply stuff I had learned, and the second time because of a savegame broken by a mod that was removed from the workshop, and I didn't mind restarting at all!)- SOme weaknesses of Xcom were removed- Workshop enabled, with mods on day 1- ChoicesCons:- Some performance issues (my system: i4790, 16 gb ram, GTX 960 with 4 gb, W7)- Too many timed missions, ymmv"
76561198007563573,Not Recommended,268500,21034760,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,cactusbob1702,Great game play and amazing story.  Unfortunately the game's perfornace is pretty terrible.  I'm seeing framerates slow to a crawl and already had one game crash (fortunately autosave might have saved me).Current specs:i7-4790K16 GB RAMGTX 770These aren't the best but still I didn't expect the game to run so poorly.
76561198103360957,Recommended,268500,21327997,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Savage assassin,"ivey waited over half a year for this game and now that i have it.... im honestly disapointed, to start out with the game was 80$ and took up 25 gbs of storage, i thought that must mean the that the game was about 2 and a half enemy withins.... but the game was short and the levels didnt have that much varieity, i can look at this game and say that i dont see an 80$ game needing 25gbs of storage, i see a 8-10gbf game costing at most 50$, im still trying to figure out where the other 15gbs are in this game, another tjhing i didnt like was that you had to always play be the games time, in enemy within there were several points where you could do as you please and continue when you were ready, and dont worry about the roumers they are all true and i hate that, i mean its nice but unrealistic, there are also fewer enemies and fewer recearch to do, im pretty sure you can beat this game in under a day if you rushed, the psi operitives is also a bad touch because, personally i prefered it when it was an add on and not its own class because to fully train them it takes forever, this dosent mean i hate the game, it means that if i had to choose i would pick enemy within, with this game i expected about 7 classes, around 11 new alien spicies fighting alongside the original ammont, more unique soldiers, more unique missions, and more combat mechs at your disposial and an evil campaign where you play as the aliens, they dilivered almost none of that, in the end i say if they added more missions, got rid of the avatar project or at least have more build up to it and better ways to combat it, got rid of the constant timer, added new aliens, added an evil campaign and added more classes then the stock options then it would be a great game, but what was dilivered was a game that gose right between decent and good, nothing more, nothing less, if there was a neutral option id use it but im stuck with saying that its good."
76561198084794599,Not Recommended,268500,21034114,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Coolbeano,THIS GAME WOULD BE REALLY FUN IF IT STOPED CRASHING ON THE FIRST GOD DAMN MISSON
,Recommended,268500,34024902,Posted: 4 August,all,liquidd666,Really good game. If you loved XCOM the second part is even better.
,Recommended,268500,26623505,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,jsellers224,"Great game. By the time you could do the really cool stuff it was almost over, wish it was a bit longer, but over all a great game."
,Recommended,268500,33998489,Posted: 3 August,all,Maniac,Deep and full of content. Difficulty well balanced.
76561198051351289,Recommended,268500,28099775,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,thelegend27 [squid],I had a 97% chance of not recommending this game.
,Recommended,268500,32910445,Posted: 27 June,all,Face That Inspired Generation,"my character died, 10/10 wont play this game again."
76561198121402557,Recommended,268500,33119424,Posted: 2 July,all,Ir0n_Revverb,"You get to miss point-blank shots at unmoving aliens and have your soldiers die in a single blast from across the map11/10, buy it on summer sale"
76561198106831099,Not Recommended,268500,28809997,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,"Detective ""Caboose"" Snipes",I love XCOM games entirely thought this one was going to be an amazing game for the series and it would be if not for the constant crashing. I have a computer that should more than run this game but everytime i run it i get a crash within 1- minutes. If they fix the constant crashing it would be an amazing game but without that I do not recommend this to anyone.
76561198044293511,Recommended,268500,28387551,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RobinDonk CSGOSell.com,"I had a lot of fun playing this game, even though the performance is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the game has unnecessary pauses."
,Recommended,268500,27120986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sneaky Squirrel,"An absolutely outstanding turn based strategy game, I've played it for over 100 hours (including all the DLC) and am enjoying it every bit as much now, as when I first started.XCOM 2 is easily my favourite game of 2016, I highly recommend you purchase it if you get the chance (especially if you can get it on sale)."
76561198061419040,Recommended,268500,20972068,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Long Dong Silvers,"WTF is this, this isnt xcom, I killed a troop with a 32% chance."
,Recommended,268500,30843867,Posted: 30 March,all,Swgmaster11,Did you like the sectopod in XCOM Enemy Unknown?No?Well too bad the sectopod is back and now able to crush your will to live more effiecentlyHow much better at this you may ask?It automatically damages enemies (your guys) that get too closeIt has a long range cannon that one hit KOs your menIt can deflect some damage without the proper equipment and has more health than I can countIt's regular gun can wipe out all-half a guys health barIt can move even more than beforeIt can become taller to increase it's capability of wiping out your mens healthand can walk right through walls like the kool Aid ManSo ready for more squad wipes commander?
76561198070528433,Recommended,268500,32780315,Posted: 25 June,all,Somewhat of a Madman,"Normally I wouldn't recommend XCOM 2 and would point you towards XCOM EU/EW. Things such as Timers and the Avatar Project are seemingly too demanding of the user.The reason I recommend it, however, is the same reason I'd recommend Skyrim: Mods.This game has such an extensive modding community, and they vary from simple UI mods to overhauls, including Long War 2.My current run is a Long War 2 playthrough with the Playable Aliens mod installed. Nothing beats liberating a region with a team full of berserkers"
76561197981095898,Recommended,268500,27740242,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Commander All Might,"Row row, fight the power!"
76561198098826076,Recommended,268500,21101513,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,E11,Best turn-based game ever
,Recommended,268500,30647628,Posted: 21 March,all,EirikTheNord,Great game for turn based strategy fans... or just strategy in general!
76561198030772097,Recommended,268500,26484587,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,NTense,"XCOM 2 ticks all the boxes. It's fun, addictive and challenging."
76561198051971343,Recommended,268500,28848408,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BlackHawk,"Everything you loved in XCOM:EU is present and upgraded here in XCOM 2. From the fantastic turn based combat that will really make you think about your EVERY move, tactical devolopment of you ship (base) all the way to detailed customization and loadout of your soldiers. This game if worth full 60$ price for sure, but you can grab it now on winter sale with all the DLCs for a great price. Word of advice at the end, the game is really, REALLY hard, especially if played at the higher difficulty levels. Score 8.5/10"
,Recommended,268500,29362964,Posted: 19 January,all,bearyxd,im bad at the game and i know it but its SOOOOOOO great
76561197971585747,Recommended,268500,26238491,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Spazmast,Very worthy successor to 1. Completely satisfied.
76561197988749956,Not Recommended,268500,24263234,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Ultrazen,"I have the same problem with this game, as I had with the first one.  Once you figure out your base build order, the game becomes 100% RNG.  Nothing the player does, no strategy or tactic you can employ, has any real meaning in the game.  Fights are absolutely determined by the RNG.  This is made worse in the second installment, because you are always under the effect of a timer pushing you to hurry.  At least in the first game, you could set up a kill zone and try and pull aliens into it, or split them up.  There was at least the pretense of strategy.Sadly, the game is best played on the easiest setting, as it has the least amount of RNG destroying your party.I'll give you a perfect example.  One mob left with 3 hit points, my entire party has at least 60% to hit, my sniper has 93% to hit, EVERYONE misses....mob of course one shots one of my soldiers that's in full cover on the next round.  Uninstall.The real problem is, especially early on in the game, you don't have enough hit points, to offset lousy runs of RNG.  Given that it's *very* easy for your soldiers to be one shot, especially early on, and it's a rage inducing formula if you're playing on any of the higher difficulty levels, or ironman.At the end of the day, the worst design descision was the timer on every mission.  It strips the game of any kind of tactics, and makes every single thing you do at the mercy of the RNG.  Why this game gets so much praise I'll never understand, to me, it's shallow, and frustrating."
76561197993280279,Not Recommended,268500,24272555,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Paxtharcus,"When it works, its a great game, a fantastic successor to the previous Enemy Unknown. Normally I would recommend to everyone I know, but as of right now, would only recomend to those I know patient enough to sit through the technical issues it now has, which, unfortunately, isnt many. During game play the sound will occasionally cut out and the screen goes black. This always happens during cutsecens. I have never scene a cut scene in its entirety in the game, having to rely on youtube to see them. Ive fiddled with settings and followed the suggestions of other users to no joy. Its a great game, but due to these issues hard to recomend and seriously considering getting it for PS4."
76561198152214278,Not Recommended,268500,24342228,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,00wez00,"came is so buggy, crash after crash, no other game in my libary is so bad!"
76561198244974834,Not Recommended,268500,24327496,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Leto,"This game has interesting setting and nice graphics.Game mechanics seem very positive making you expect stragic and tactical planning. But time after time game will make you complete missions like ""run to the spot before it destroyed"" and you will have something  like 4 turns to get there killing 4 mob packs. The only way is hitting everytime and it's not possible.So, this game is not about thinking - this game is about constantly save and load. And here comes another spoil from developers. Do you think 65% hit probability is good? No. If game don't want you to hit you will not hit even with 80% hit probability. No matter how much you try with save and load. Series when every squad member miss (even 3 snipers) and every enemy hits are very frustrating."
76561198081227593,Not Recommended,268500,24346097,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,LanceFyre99,"I want to give this a thumbs up, I really do.But I can't.Single player mode is a well crafted, well balanced experience. Lots of fun.However, I'm unable to get an acceptable framerate (and I'm rather tolerant when it comes to framerate!) without using a resolution that makes the game take up 1/4th of my screen, forcing me to strain my eyes A LOT. I'm also not the only one with performance issues. Seriously, look it up.That said, it's fun enough that if that was the only flaw, I'd give it a thumbs up.But there's another major problem.Multiplayer is 100% broken.The game seems to update differently on different computers (Some file digging reveals that I have version 1.0.0.2893, while the friend I'd LIKE to play multiplayer with says he has version 1.1). This is a HUGE issue, as the game prevents users with different versions from playing with each other.If you're only interested in the single player, and can put up with the performance issues, go ahead. You probably won't regret it.But I can't in good conscience reccommend this game. Not until the devs actually decide to bother taking the time to fix at least SOME of the biggest issues with their game.Summary:Single player is VERY goodMajor Performance IssuesMultiplayer is 100% broken"
,Not Recommended,268500,24317952,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Enygmas,"The long war team should have done this game and the Xcom2 team should have been working on the DLC.UpdateCame back after some months. Played Multiplayer game.Opponent kicks my♥♥♥♥♥pretty bad. At some point he shots me so bad the numbers don't appear.At the end his assault goes into reaper mode and kills 3 of my units in the same turn.In my turn my sniper has him flanked and I thought this all worthed it if I can crit the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I enable Serial and shot with deadeye.""Untouchable"". I rage quit.The game gives me the achievement ""The most dangerous game"". Curious, I read the description: ""Win a multiplayer game"".10/10 woud rage quit again"
76561198014949944,Recommended,268500,33073150,Posted: 1 July,all,gigarot777,"Have you ever lost five coin flips in a row? You might be ok. Have you ever lost ten coin flips in a row? Do NOT play this game.EDIT: Fair warning, some of the RNG is pre-loaded. I'm not sure when in a mission it happens, but as a point of professional curiosity (I'm a game developer) I gave a save point before a hack an absurd number of tests and never succeeded needing a 56%. Basically, if you attempt something enough times and fail, it is probably pre-loaded RNG. It's a little disappointing, just don't lose your mind over it."
,Recommended,268500,34603880,Posted: 30 August,all,CHabis,"Great game if you want to either cry or to get mad, when you miss a 95% hit chance,would play again 9/11"
,Recommended,268500,26843080,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Piña Colada™,Nice
,Recommended,268500,34336383,Posted: 18 August,all,The Outsider,"XCOM 2 is half turn based tactics game, with some RPG elements, and half real-time ""strategic"" base/guerrilla warfare management sim.Basis of the game is you're humans, and the aliens have taken Earth. It is fully under their control, and you're the fringe element now. You have to lead soldier boiz and grrllz to victoly against the aliens in hit and run operations.It's pretty solid, definitely better now than it was, and a couple leagues above it's predecessors--however, there isn't much more here than there was in XCOM 1: Enemy Within. If you like that, you'll love this.In addition, the modding scene for this game is alive and thriving, and a new expansion for the game is available, which adds more factions, classes, and sillier stuff you can do with your soldiers. The expansion is currently priced at ~$40.00 USD, which I think is a little bit too expensive for the amoun of stuff they added, so definitely wait until that goes on sale.Multiplayer is pretty much PvP, your team vs another player's team--either humans or aliens. This is a pretty singleplayer-focused game.If you like turn based tactics or strategy games, you'll probably like this game. It has it's bugs and quirks, such as people hitting an enemy with a regular shot through three walls, etc. But they generally don't break the game."
76561198020979772,Recommended,268500,34385946,Posted: 20 August,all,baddoggs,"Well, over 250 hrs ingame time for a review. When this game was first relesed,as a long term fan of the series and squad based shooters in general i was preparedto dislike this title as i saw it as a diluted version of the games i loved for so long.I saw it as a game for morons on console. To a degree i was right as well. many""old schoolies"" like me DON'T like it. It came on sale about 3 months ago and myflat mate got it for me as a gift so... I played.I saw X=Com 2 as a style OVER substance compromise, to a degree i was right as well.The emphasis is definately on the style side. You can mod/customise your troopersand there gear to an incredable degree. While i did find combat in this game to befairly easy (EU/EW was harder.) It is STILL an X-Com game. You still miss the baddiein the square next to you and your troops still chicken out and run.Overall, not my favorate in the series, but still stays true (just) to the originals.I have enjoyed this title, Yes it was easy to complete, ('cept ironman that is unplayablebecause ot the ""under the avenger bug"".)I look forward to the ""expansion"", it would seem things are about to get much harderat last..... The live streams look awesome."
76561197966037435,Recommended,268500,28595082,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mogsy,"Sequel to a very good game.  Just got better and more refined, worthy of being in your collection."
76561198121710121,Recommended,268500,34406734,Posted: 21 August,all,Xd,"Really enjoyed, Finished 2 times!Pros:- Awesome strategy game (you have a lot of things to manage)- Turn based with different probabilities for each outcome (It's like dice rolling on D&D)- Tons of random features (different game each time you play)- Good challengeCons- Story could be more envolving- I'm getting a bit tired of games in Unreal 3 engine...Waiting for XCOM3 anyway"
76561198062198079,Recommended,268500,34278059,Posted: 16 August,all,Heartfire,Love the game!
76561198027596122,Recommended,268500,33967610,Posted: 2 August,all,Archmago,"Writing this review so maybe some people consider not buying this game.This game is meant to be played in Ironmade mode, that means you cannot go back to old save files. It is by far the most fun.However, the game is full of bugs that make it hardly possible play through the game and not die because of a bug.So you cannot play the game like it is meant to be played. I played Xcom1 a lot and finished it on hardest difficulty level in Ironmade Mode.Here is an example of what this game offers to you, so you have to live with that if  you buy the game.I am 15 hours into the game carefully planning every step with a nice Squad of Level 3 Soldiers. Now I am on a Retaliation Mission where you have to rescue civilians.My five soldiers run into two aliens: a Muton and a Trooper.I place all my soldiers behind high cover and put 3 of them on Overwatch, that means they will fire at the aliens if they move in the target line of my soldier.Now two of my soldiers are sitting behind a high treestump.When it is the aliens turn, the Muton starts moving towards my soldiers. The camera zooms in closer to a kind of movie scene indicating that my soldiers now fire at the Muton running towards them. But instead of some flying bullets the screen slows down dramatically and I hear screams and shouts of dying people.Now I am thinking that maybe my soldier killed a civilian missing that Muton?No. When the screen goes back to normal bird view it is my turn and two of my soldiers start panicking running towards the aliens and I am thinking why that?Now here is the answer: One of my soldiers sitting behind the tree obviously somehow managed to fire into or through the tree that he was sitting behind. The explosion of his reactionshot at the alien killed himself and his comrade sitting next to him. That caused my other two soldier to panick, running into the aliens and not being able to move for the next turn. the only soldier left was my sharpshooter. It was basically the end of a game that was running perfect so far.A soldier sitting behind an obstacle in overwatch killing himself and his comrade by firing at the obstacle he is sitting behind is just ridiculous.I could not load an older save game as it is ironmade mode.So if you don't mind things like that to ruin a game you are 15-20 hours into, then go ahead and buy it. Without these bugs Xcom2 would be a good game.I would not recommend the game though.Edit: I changed my review into a positive one. Simply because I kept on playing, there were no more bugs and it was fun."
,Recommended,268500,34270383,Posted: 15 August,all,Aporia,XCOM: Enemy Unknown was one of the best games I ever played. Xcom 2 dose everything better and with acsuse to the mods makes it a must buy for anyone who loves Turn-based tactics.
,Recommended,268500,34316686,Posted: 17 August,all,[MM]ManS_laughter[UK],XCOM 2 is the strongest game in my library of games. It's a game you can return to again and again because the enjoyment is from facing against a strong challenge and bringing home a well earned victory again and again.A lot of people have complained about the turn timers for missions but ultimately the reason for the timers is to put the player on the back foot and force them not only to defeat the enemy but to take risks. These are the sort of risks that an underground resistance movement would have to take. Losing a mission isn't game over by any means - you can even lose an entire well trained team on a mission and still recover a campaign. The people who are really hurt are the people who think that only 100% victory on every single mission counts as success. You can complain that the timers are unfair but this is a game about succeeding against an unfair opponent.In every way XCOM 2 improves on XCOM - it is an incredibly detailed puzzle game where balancing risk and reward is key. If you think you can achieve success without risk you will be punished ultimately. Your rookies might miss easy shots but if you are a good commander you will find a way to turn the sum total of all those shots into a success.
,Recommended,268500,34370934,Posted: 20 August,all,Sense.L.Noah,"Don't think, BUY IT NOW!!"
76561198060857661,Recommended,268500,34389077,Posted: 20 August,all,Stupidcheese,"XCOM 2 is a good game, maybe even a great game. you can get hours on a vanilla playthrough and many more on a modded one.Build and customize your squad to your liking and send them off against impossible odds.However, there is a timer mechanic in place, e.g. get your♥♥♥♥♥to a computer and hack it or you lose, or get this guy out of here in this amount of turns or you lose. But depending on your playstyle it may not shy you away from the game, and if you dislike it then just mod it offGraphics are great, gameplay is great (Its X-COM baby), Music and replayability are excelent. there is not much else to say about this game. Get it,Theres a new dlc coming out with more story, more classes, more everything. get that too. Firaxis and 2k pretty much got their♥♥♥♥♥♥together in an age where developers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on gamers left and right. so support them."
76561198031201473,Recommended,268500,34364373,Posted: 19 August,all,williwaggs,ITS REALLY GOOD!
76561197989947673,Recommended,268500,33543570,Posted: 14 July,all,[WOK]Yung,Hours and hours of gamblers fallacy and soldier customization. What a great game!
,Recommended,268500,26417422,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mr. Manifesto,"Play as the world's real threat, MAN, as you command a motley crew of ridiculously dress sociopaths, and random anime girls into battle. You failed the first time around to save the world; yet the aliens thought you as the coolest guy, so they decided to preserved you in a goo prison to toy with at their leisure (much like Miley Cyrus). Unlike Miley Cyrus you managed to escape your goo prison, now you are back like scoliosis. You desperately dig yourself into a hole as you fly your ship between supply zones, stopping only to be forced into Council mission on the last minute of the last day of actually collecting anything. The critical chance gods are cruel and unforgiving, they demand the blood of your vets with the best gear and your sweet salty tears. The enemy has no abilities outside automatically tossing your troops around like puppies in a washing-machine, your soldiers will end up in fear, whipped around, disoriented, and smothered. All this is nothing until you meet your true enemy, the mission-timer. Overall you can take your fustrations out on random buildings and assassin missions.10 snake-woman-tiggies out of 10"
,Recommended,268500,27381172,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KrazyCaley,"Improves on the predecessor EU in important ways that render this game much more than an iterative sequel.  Extremely fun, unending replayability, the best thing going in turn based strategy right now."
,Recommended,268500,34756478,Posted: 5 September,all,Preston,"ieee this and XCOM1 are pretty ok..Fun yes, but compared to older Round Based Strategy Games it is a ""more accessible"" and ""more user friendly experience"" as Publishers would call it.My annoyances are..-Out of combat it could be real time.-No Inventory for carrying stuff or swapping Items between Soldiers.It would be much better if each Soldier had an Inventory with ""limited"" amount of Ammo and could swap on the field Ammo or Grenade Types... even Weapons.-Weapons.. Assault Rifle have 3 Burst Charges, then you need to reload. Why dont i have a 20 or 30Round clip and can choose between Single, Burst or Fullauto?Silencers?-No aiming options if i want to go for a Headshot or any other Bodypart.-Stealth.. my biggest complain.You can have youre Team on the Top left corner of the Map, when one of youre Soldiers get detected on the Low Right Corner, everybody is detected.You cant stealth kill someone without alerting the whole Map.SIlencers?Sure they could have some sort implant connected to a Network that would immediately trigger Alarm if someone is attacked, but how you know it was the Sniper on that specific House and all hes Teammates ?They rather should run towards the Body and search the Area, stay in alerted position for the rest of the fight.Older Games before year 2000 had all those features, why is today not possible? Because of fancy Graphics? No it is because modern Games get always dumbed down to make it a ""more user friendly experience"" for a ""wider playerbase"".But the Game for what it is, is pretty ok and still fun to play, i like the Character customization, Weapon Mods, the A.i. does good job and of course the visuals.It is not a bad Game, also not so for today's ""standards"" but would have this been released 1999 nobody would touch it. (of course with for 1999 appropiate graphics)Yes i recommend it and would give a 6/10In the 90s it would not score more than a 2/10For Console or Smartphone it would be a great Game. For PC not so.."
76561198053299312,Recommended,268500,21057218,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,KjcKiesh,"After 2 days of not leaving my room & clocking in 23hrs playtime, and have now finished it, I can definitely this is a contender for best game 2016, and it's only February!With it's upgraded visuals, more aggressive aliens and much more exotic perks for your soldiers to counter said aliens, the combat is challenging but with the right plan you will come out on top with only minor injuries.This game by default has alot of replayablility with randomly generated maps, various missions & enemy types and a wide variety of tools to take them down. But with the extensive modding support that increase play time 10 fold.So if you like a challenging but fair game or if you're just a masochist that likes to watch characters/friends/family you spent hours creating die to stray Magnetic projectiles, then XCOM 2 is the game for you!If you are unfamiliar with XCOM, think of it like chess, with lazer guns, and aliens, and other cool stuff =P"
,Recommended,268500,25854229,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,kiruner,"The game is great, but be careful you have a powerfull computer to run this game on. I am using a 5 year old Tohsiba laptop with an i7 processor, and the game is running at >15fps.Also, If you hate losing, then don't play this game, because even at normal difficulty, you will struggle!"
,Recommended,268500,31566910,Posted: 5 May,all,Ribby,XCOM 2 + DLC definitely lived up to my expectations after having played previous titles.
76561198014253783,Not Recommended,268500,28920823,Posted: 1 January,all,Drum,"The game is frustrating because it uses artificial suspense by injecting a continual decision-making expereince for the player throughout the game.  Game play isn't dynamic enough to create an exciting, random experiece on it's own.  Instead, it continually forces you to make a choice...Looks fantastic however, these guys really know how to make a game look great!  But, the game's management system feels scripted with thousands of choice triggers popping up in your face continually.  I spent way too much time with this game, I feel like a real idiot!"
,Recommended,268500,23903499,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BU99,XCOM® 2 the greatest game since digital sliced bread.
,Recommended,268500,28957861,Posted: 2 January,all,Faheelee,"Upfront TL;DR:I recommend XCOM2 to anyone who is remotely interested in strategy/tactical rpg games and does not mind a few hiccups in optimization.It is like a sci-fi Fire Emblem without anime cutscenes and support convos (all that waifu♥♥♥♥♥♥ and adds good graphics and destructible environments.XCOM2's plot is the classic Good vs. Evil with some philosophical drops of ""we are becoming what we set out to destroy"".The real story, however, is the success and failure of XCOM agents under your command.BTW If you can't play a game without your precious waifus then download a voice pack for them and add them to your character pool. Pretty sure there are a bunch of neptunia heads and voice packs in the workshop. See, everyone's happy.Introduction:This review is tailored for those who have not played any iteration of XCOM, so that it better informs those interested in trying the game out.Before continuing, I want to say that mods are a double edged sword in this game. They enhance play and decrease performance at the same time (subscribed to 300 atm). I cannot deny the fantastic additions graced to XCOM2 by the modding community, but I hope to review the ideas and concepts that the vanilla version succeeded/failed to accomplish on its own.Specs:i7-6700K @ 4.00GHz (4.36GHz)16 GB RAMGTX 1070Pros:+The ability to extensively customize your soliders contributes a sense of attachment to  soldiers you are ordering around, something most games cannot emulate.+Map generation is very well designed/balanced so that the same tileset/area can offer many different avenues of play.+Configurable settings via the xcom ini can further modify play, leading to more replayability. For example, you can change the base stats of every character/item in the game if you wanted.+There is some base management, but it is not too extensive and does not feel tacked on just because ""every other game has some form of it"" (the original XCOM had this too).+Combat is interesting and offers different approaches to problems through the soldier class system, plethora of researchable gear, and destructible environments.+The emphasis on limited time (in combat and on a macro scale) to rebel against Earth's alien overlords provides a sense of urgency that many games strive for yet miss.+Your soldiers and the aliens become stronger as the game goes on, which creates a sense of each side trying its hardest to defeat the other.+Countless workshop mods offer something new and exciting to experience through multiple playthroughs.+There is an ironman mode (Only one save state) for tryhards. Variable difficulty as well, which is good for new players.+A game that discourages facerolling over every button on your keyboard.Cons:-You have to realize this game has its optimization issues.-Loading screens can be long, depending on your settings and how many mods you decide to download. I think the base game does not have this problem as much as a heavily modified one.-Frame rate drops slightly when discovering enemies, unloading from your transport, and initializing props to customize your soldiers with. These frame rate issues, however, can be easily ignored since they only occur at specific points in the game and do little to hinder the gameplay itself.-Do not play at max settings, even the best rigs will have trouble stabilizing at that golden 60fps.-Due to the nature of XCOM2, it being quite a long game, these problems seem to be more apparent later on when there are simply more characters in a given mission (larger squad size, more enemies, etc.).-There are not many gameplay elements that I feel XCOM2 failed to deliver on, but indeed there are many annoyances within the vanilla version that have either been patched already or allieviated by the free mods inside the workshop.Conclusion:So if you do buy the game and see something that is offputting, check out the workshop to see if a solution has already been distributed.More than likely if you see something as a problem, someone else has too.This concludes my review of XCOM 2. If you made it this far, then congratulations on either scrolling fast or reading."
,Recommended,268500,21005652,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Zanteogo,"First thing, the difficultly level, for me, is fine at the default. Perhaps I just suck.  ;)I love how many of the old systems from the last Xcom have been carried over but in some cases improved. Having reload of your weapon not end your turn for example.Somethings, I'm not sure about.The will loss (from taking damage?) that recovers from doing well at a future mission is annoying. Thankfully panic is much less of a mission ender.The aliens start with some pretty powerful abilities from the get go this time. One thing that I didn't like, is the early mind control. When you have a squad of 4 it's a big deal. You hardly ever resist it. It can even end your mission if your entire squad is mind controlled. The only saving grace is that the aliens won't damage mind controlled teammates, so sometimes it actually saves you. (when a surprised flanked unit gets taken for example) edit: actually, they will target mind controled units if they have nothing else to shot at.My biggest beef with the game is how the timed missions with random maps work. You will have X amount of time to do something and get to a certain point. However, because the maps are random, sometimes that point can be so hard to get to that even if you ignored the aliens and dashed right for it your cutting it close. I don't mind the rush effect sometimes, but I like to take my time and do things systematically. They need to have at least one more turn added to them across the board.Moving units to different levels is STILL a pain. I have had units run to the wrong point because it's hard to tell exactly what level your selecting your space on. A couple of pods activated through walls too.It's overall a good game. It needs to be tweaked somewhat however. Thankfully it's supposed to be super mod friendly, so we will see. I suggest to anyone who loved the last XCOM, to get this one. It is good game overall."
76561198170144287,Not Recommended,268500,23608209,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Zwvn,"This game could have been awesome.It does not give nearly enough time to complete anything without failing critical missions. If you do focus on critical missions and skip most upgrades and research, you will be vastly outnumbered and far from powerful enough. I do not have a whole lot of turn-based strategy gaming experience, but even on the EASIEST setting (which is suggested in-game for non-experienced players), the difficulty scales way too fast with your progress and quickly becomes impossible. The tutorial gave hardly any hints and tips, leaving the player to figure everything out on their own whilst getting their butt kicked. There are also strategy-critical BUGS throughout the game that tilt to the enemies advantage (for example, enemies shooting through two walls before they are destroyed, or enemies slashing your squad members from below you). A 4-man squad is absolutely ridiculous when you have many more soldiers to spare, especially when going up against 10+ enemy units. The Dark Events are also relentless and make the enemy much too powerful. It is also frustrating that there is no way to take the time to counter all the Dark Events. In fact, you can't ""take the time"" to do much at all. The entire game rushes the player through everything, interupting progress with side missions that are far too detrimental to lose. There are also several aspects that don't make sense and uselessly inhibiting of a good game experience.Now that I've got that off my chest, here's what I find amazing about this game.The platform is easy to use. Graphics, landscape, splash art, the alien concepts, these are all beautiful and very attractive. This game has a unique blend of action and story progression, which I find very enjoyable. The aliens themselves are decently authentic and fun to discover and fight. All of this alone ALMOST makes up for the rest of my frustrating experience.Conclusion:This game was a complete joy to learn about and explore for several hours, but became a complete mess of failure and frustration rather quickly. I have a bit of regret paying $60 for this. I'm sure there is a very specific way to play this game and do quite well, but it is not obvious at all. I do not enjoy having to go research how to actually play to feel as though my purchase is worth (which I will do now) and would much rather be able to learn and explore everything myself with a successfully challenging experience. Perhaps my review will change once I do some digging.4/10"
76561198053417945,Not Recommended,268500,23691546,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,none,"Play:  It works like XCOM  1.  If you liked XCOM 1 you probably will like XCOM 2.Story:  XCOM 1 was more interesting.   XCOM 2 is boring.Now time has past and the Aliens are actually building good cities, but XCOM is racist.Too much Xenophobia.Human DNA, for real - is a mess. The common diseases and cancers prove that.If Aliens took the time and energy to cross the vastness of space - it probably is for their benefit, not ours.  But, as upgraded and integrated humans into an expanded Galactic society, obviously they will join the Mutons, Sectoids, etc - all the other species.  As long as people are free to marry and have human children, and - if they decide they don't want to be a GMO person - then no problem.  If humans are integrated into the ships crew and also can travel and explore space, that is good.If aliens invade and bring total genocide to our species - that would be very bad.Humans of course would object to genocide.  Fair enough.XCOM 2 would have been more interesting - as the exact same story,if and only if - you could also choose to play the ADVENT side, fighting against the human terrorists. Stopping the human attacks against the ADVENT cities, etc.We already played the Human side in XCOM 1.Playing as the Alien team would be far more interesting in XCOM 2,with gathering resources, building cities, restoring utilities, food, water, etc.and construction of ship yards to manufacture new UFOs etc...The goal of the Alien team would be to take over the planet and add it's species to the fleet:welcome to the Glactic Empire, humans ! :-)"
76561198031014905,Not Recommended,268500,24325819,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,mhtxusa,"I played the original Xcom and thought it was good, so I bought xcom2.   But, the reality is that xcom 2 is just not that much fun.   There isn't much in the way of AI.    And make up for this, the developers have handicapped the players to make it artificially hard.   But, really its just frustrating to play.   I absolutely hate having squad members die due to pre determined factors.   I can't say how much I hate that.   I think that sucks.    Firaxis has really gone off target on a bunch of their recent games.   Instead of making fun games and trying to improve the AI, they just continue to handicap the players more and more, creating a level of artificial frustration.   I just don't get it."
,Not Recommended,268500,24394561,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,a helpless tramp,"More pressured than the last game, and feels like it has less content than the vanilla (not sure if it does or doesn't).Overall I'd give it a review of ""MEH"", since I really don't have much more to say, but negative is the closest I have to that."
76561197962654612,Not Recommended,268500,23679775,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Eggnog,"100 hours into the game.  I know this game has a soft spot for many players but the facts are the facts.  This game isn't ready for prime time.  It's basically a polished XCOM.  The developers have not spent 5 min updating the basic mechanics of this game.  If you play this game I garauntee you will hit at least 5 bugs in a hour, every hour you play.In my first hour of play I ran into the following bugs.1.  Enemies get high cover bonus despite being in the middle of flat open ground.2.  Unable to select promotion skills on the right side of the selection screen.3.  Grenade explodes on enemy and does no damage.4.  Invisible enemy area of affect attacks.5.  Unable to move to squares despite the game showing it's a valid option.6.  Soldier visually moved to adjacent square but is actually in the original square you put them in.And I run into these bugs repeatedly over and over.  There is absolutely no freaking way the developers sat down and played their own game and didn't see these.I bought this on sale for $40 and I regret it.  When you run into so many bugs on basic play, you begin to dread booting the game up and this is where I'm at now."
76561198095731744,Recommended,268500,33540113,Posted: 14 July,all,stoverce,Highly reccomend the Long War 2 mod
76561198011413625,Recommended,268500,33489177,Posted: 12 July,all,The big fat monkey,"A game which i was very skeptical about first, but damn, i was wrong. Turned out to be one of the best games ive played.Good character customization, backed by the workshop, which offer alot of other stuff. The AI is agressive, and smart at later games, making it a real challenge to fight them at some points. Except those stupid mec´s who does nothing but shoot mortars at first chance they get. Feels cheap. I personally was most skeptical about the timers, and the time limit on certain things, but that was no big deal in the end. Could just be incredibly hard pushing through everything at a rapid pace, further into the game. If you love a good strategy game, with replay abillity, this is something you should consider getting. Just note that mods can slow it severely down not in fights for me, but general customization, and such.Crashes can happen, and can even prevent progress, so make sure to save often to not backtrack too much. Ive learnt that the hard way"
76561198032700902,Recommended,268500,34259868,Posted: 15 August,all,endian_neo,"The concept of a guerilla XCom and the tight gameplay makes this an easy game to pick up - and a game that continues to captivate. The base difficulty might be a bit too easy for those used to XCom's punishing challenge of old, as even the hardest level is still fairly winnable."
76561198352047182,Recommended,268500,34264640,Posted: 15 August,all,gemini,"I can't stop playing this sinfully good, and shamelessly rigged microprosessed masterpiece. If it wasn't for the blatant cheating the AI seems to get away with on a regular basis, I'd say it was the ""perfect turn based game"". Unfortunately, a ""98% chance to hit/hack a target"" REALLY means ""a HUGE 2% chance to miss"". Be prepared to get frustrated on any difficulty level other than ""rookie""."
,Recommended,268500,34977369,Posted: 15 September,all,Camo_Vecmin,"I never played other XCOM games. When I played this game, I'm straight away hooked by the game. Clocking at 140++ hours since the day I purchased it. I have finished the game on Veteran level and now playing it on Commander level. I've never experienced game play such as this. The graphics is beautiful. Although the mission keep using similar maps still the gameplay is awesome.Anyway, game is awesome. There is still room for improvement but all in all I am having so much fun."
76561198136215842,Recommended,268500,34519906,Posted: 26 August,all,Gamer Police,"To truely understand XCOM 2, I will tell a story.There was once a rookie named Daniel Palmer.He was there from day one.As we fought ADVENT, he became a legend.A dead-eyed sniper who never missed his mark.A man so powerful he made a Sectopod retreat.He was a soldier above all others.Mission after mission, taking the high ground, unleashing death from above.He was a role model to all other XCOM operatives.Hitting 11% shots to save rookies, because he knew he was once like them.The sound of his rifle struck fear into the hearts of ADVENT.Then came July 1st, 2035.Tasked with extracting an ADVENT V.I.P, he took to the rooftops.He decimated the alien threats, but one enemy knew a weakness.Using his magic, he mind-controlled Major Daniel ""Big Daddy"" PalmerMajor Palmer single-handedly killed 4 XCOM operatives and was captured.mind control op"
76561198090651952,Recommended,268500,21014918,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MrJBreezy,"I have revised my review:Do I believe this game was ready for launch? - NoDo I believe the percentage numbers accurately reflect my actual percentage? - NoDoes this game need a patch? - YesSpecifically -Frame Rate issuesBeing targetable from a non LoS location: I think the biggest opponant of this is the Snake Men, as I have litterally been dragged through 2 floors from the middle of the top of a building with no line of sight.At the end of the day, is this game fun? - Yes"
,Recommended,268500,34766217,Posted: 5 September,all,sleepyoverlord,"Base Xcom 2 is fun but WotC makes it a whole new game. Recommend getting WotC, the other dlc you can skip."
76561198257797965,Recommended,268500,34913983,Posted: 12 September,all,Huachiss,Es la primera vez que juego estrategia por turnos y me parece fantástica.
,Recommended,268500,35039145,Posted: 17 September,all,Gravek,XCOM 2: Game of the Year 2016XCOM 2 War of the Chosen: Game of the Year 2017.Literally perfect.
76561197961597741,Recommended,268500,28183129,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TomHankSucks,"To help a viewer of this game decide to purchase. Do you like:-Save/reload a billion times to make sure no-one dies? I'm OCD and hate to loose squad members but always greedy for the kill, may put a squad member out in the open to finish an alien off. (Soldiers OFTEN are wounded or killed. MORE so than the previous XCOM game it seems.)-Modding your game so a Halo spartan is running around screaming Monthy Python quotes? And yes, I find it rather funny. (Throw a grenade get a sound effect, ""1...2...5. (3 sir!) ..! 3!"")-making your heroes look like a punk rockers or just a bunch of sexy women? Nothing beats saving the world than female fury. (I tease but you can modify your squad members)-Managing an economy that is pretty severe and you won't be able to do EVERYTHING the first playthrough? Their ant style base design system makes you choose between making squad members psionic to decked out awesomeness. Hard to do both as you only get so much supplies.-Making hard decisions of ""get that money drop,"" to ""save a village?"" Being OCD it's tuff because you are given the choice off battle what to do, from finding supplies, intel and soldiers and are very frequently interrupted for events. You gotta remember what you were doing also after a 15-60 Minute battle(AND YES, if you reload a billion times it will take you hours to do battles.)"
76561198043660240,Recommended,268500,28129820,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,thinkle,Dope.
76561198046558131,Recommended,268500,28134863,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jammy,"While I was hesitant to buy this game when I heard that missions have timers to complete, XCOM 2 does this feature tastefully. (On normal mode) The missions are not impossible and do not impede the gameplay or dislodge the player from the overall experience. If you enjoyed XCOM Enemy Unknown, I would highly recommend this sequel."
,Recommended,268500,35031233,Posted: 17 September,all,The Mighty Bird,"Very entertaining, infuriating, and engaging all at once."
,Recommended,268500,32898758,Posted: 27 June,all,Neff,"This is a great turn-based strategy game. It certainly lives up to the expectations I had for the game after I played Xcom: Enemy Unknown and Xcom: Enemy Within. I would definitely say XCOM 2 is better than its predecessors in every way possible.The only thing I will critizice is the loading screen right before going to missions. The fps is so damn low for that.. My PC is over-equipped for this game and it still struggles with fps on that particular moment of the game. Literally, every time. The problem is still there with the Long War 2 mod.Also, since I just mentioned it, be sure to get the Long War 2 mod if you don't mind a significantly longer campaign. With this mod you get tons of different classes with really fun abilities and also redesigned enemies (plus a few other things) It's totally worth it! I would also advise getting the True Concealment mod - the tittle will explain itself in due time.Anyway, do get this game as soon as you're able. It's well worth your money!"
76561198179207445,Recommended,268500,35035607,Posted: 17 September,all,Haven,"Good on ya mate, I'll buy you a bunnings snag."
76561197971308505,Recommended,268500,28193344,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Swiskon,"This game has good basic gameplay that can keep you entertained for quite some time. For anyone who played XCOM enemy unknown this is the same thing with only smaller changes. The changes that has been made however are not for the better. They have for example this turn-timer (you have a certain amount of turns to finish the mission). This takes away a lot of the tactics of going in slow to make a perfect surprise attack. It forces you to run and gun a lot. They’ve also made sure that you have to hurry with the story missions as well or you’re doomed. This makes the psi-soldiers nonexistent. I made only one and never used her. I saw when I finished the game that the overall amount of psi-warriors for a playthrough is 1. ONE! The game is too short and rushed to make you feel a good change (a big difference) in gameplay from beginning to end. It’s more or less the same throughout but with more grenades and more hits towards the end.The character creation has been developed a lot. Sadly it’s only cosmetic. They’ve stuck to professions instead of letting every character be unique with their own mix of abilities and weapons. Also, why not more fun abilities? Even if you want to keep the professions they should of made more of them.I will keep this short. Do you want a solid turn based tactics game and you’ve already finished enemy unknown, then this game is for you. It’s fun. Do however not expect a better or even equal experience as enemy unknown.PS: It works on Linux!"
76561198161974171,Recommended,268500,28213716,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Vivax,"Bought in Dec 2016 for Mac Pro (2014 model). Worked fine. Didnt find any performance issue people have complained about. Its a bit CPU heavy though. There were a few glitches, once a muton went outside the playable area and I couldnt kill it and had to do premature evac to continue. The objectives were partially completed but the mission showed failed status. A couple of times the keys would freeze and wouldnt jump to the next character on pressing tab or esc wouldnt work. An exit and restart solved it. Overall a very good sucessor with many WTF moments as new alien units drop on you for the first time with little warning or awareness of their weakness/strengths. You soon learn to butcher them though :) Starts a bit slow and you are always on the backfoot at first but you get OP at the end. The end mission is pretty interesting and doesnt disappoint like EU. However would have liked a chrysaild like tense mission from enemy unknown. overall 8/10"
,Recommended,268500,28213907,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,dmang789,"I've never liked a game that seemed to hate me, but I can't seem to get away from XCOM. The difficult odds make every victory that much better - an Excellent or Flawless mission rating is so much more satisfying because this game is punishing."
76561198267646897,Recommended,268500,28215914,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,arindamsaha1507,Great game with a perfect combination of action and strategy. Great replayability
,Recommended,268500,25940715,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Xaeltron,"Amazing experience. Became one of my personal classics.I've felt like i was commander. I weeped for my fallen soldiers, I cherished with them when we've done a flawless mission. This game really makes you care about your soldiers with massive amount of customization from armor to their biography. I've seen some people who played only 40 hr-20 hr, saying this game is not an awesome game or worse; ""it's a bad game"".Let me tell something to you. This is not a game where you can spent 50 hours and decide whether it's good or not. Because you have to spend time with the customization, you have to do different things, try to look from different angles. Learning it's combat mechanics and properly using them may take some time as well. And also finishing the game and seeing it's suprises (they are really good). Doing those in my opinion takes at least 70-80 hours if you rush it if not you have a safe 120 hours of gameplay. I may rushed it a bit. 106 hours.I like playing strategy games. I thought i liked them because i could play them in a relaxed mood. But XCOM 2 proved otherwise. I was always on my toes. I felt the pressure of those soldiers and the earth's survival. And there is never a dull moment. There is always something going on around the world forcing you into an important decisions. And all decisions matter something. You feel like all your decisions combined got you where you are. Bad or Good.And there are hidden mechanics which i will not spoil them to you. Even after 100 hours you can be suprised. And realise you still haven't seen the whole game.Difficulty can be really frustrating for a people who rush their decisions and are new to the game. But once you die couple of times and you specify your mistakes or figure out how enemy react to those actions, you'll know how it works, you'll feel like you are an experienced commander. Game is challenging but yet it is immensely compelling. And after everything works as you intended and game rewards you for it, that moment you'll know how 'flawless' XCOM 2 is Commander.FOR THE RESISTANCE!"
76561198069012423,Recommended,268500,28195281,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,declanm1,"Great game. Although I have played a paltry 8 hours of the game and at easy difficulty setting the game is great fun.  I know, I'm not a hardcore gaming ninja, but i do think a review from the likes of me is worthwhile. Get the game and enjoy."
76561198001866554,Recommended,268500,35089528,Posted: 20 September,all,mrNice,one of the best games ever love the stratagey the game is so realistic
76561198060881962,Recommended,268500,25456701,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[4SP] SC_Brute,"Out of all of the strategy games I've played, XCOM 2 has been the most difficult and addicting. I constantly found myself cursing at the screen and and asking it ""why?!, but you will adapt quickly and soon every victory fills you with a feeling of success. As your strategic skills grow so will your army and soon find yourself overpowering the skinny assshole mutha fukas that ♥♥♥♥ed up your squad on the goddamn 3rd mission!The customization of said squads is broad and soon you will become attached to different members. The timed missions are a pain but the fun is learning how to overcome them.If you’re looking for a challenge with an interactive gameplay, and progress you can enjoy then I seriously recommend XCOM 2!P.S. Play Legend you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,268500,25463845,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Lord Apollo,"It is the final days of the resistance. Advent forces have discovered the location of the Avenger and have launched a full frontal assault. All XCOM operators defending the ramp have had their weapons disabled by a Codex. However, the resistance was not going down without a fight. They engaged the hostile forces with honor and dignity.Miraculously, the resistance managed to defeat Advent at the Battle for the Avenger without the loss of a single life. But there was still one more problem, the Avatar Project was nearing completion, and they had not made contact with the area where an Advent research facility was located, which would have to be destroyed in order to delay the project.Resistance Comms was constructed, supplies were received from a supply drop, and contact was made with Western Europe, the location of the research facility. But the aliens completed the Avatar Project, and the countdown to the end of humanity began. There was no more time to prepare, the Resistance had to act now.An elite squad of XCOM operatives, led by Colonel Lukas ""Junior"" Bekker, launched a covert operation with 1 objective; destroy the research facility. The squad of 6 soldiers deployed into the woods surrounding the facility, fought their way through Advent forces, and reduced the facility to rubble. Not one XCOM operative was lost that day.The destruction of the research facility dealt a major blow to the Avatar Project, which bought more time for XCOM to make contact with more regions to destroy more facilities.Will the resistance succeed in defeating the aliens? Probably not. But like they did in the Battle for the Avenger, they can hope.In XCOM 2, the real story comes from your own gameplay experiences. and everyone's will be different."
,Recommended,268500,25843807,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Saul ت,"Like any previous XCOMs or similar games in the genre? Look no further. This is an EXCELLENT game, and stays true to what Enemy Unknown laid down. I can't believe I waited for it to be on sale, cause it's easily worth $60 to me. I plan on replaying this one a few times."
76561198211309580,Recommended,268500,26154862,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,WKTAJESS,"Love it!If you enjoyed EU and EW then you will most definitely enjoy XCOM 2. The soldier customization is so in depth this time around, I wish there were more customization options available out of the gate but the mod community is part of what helps keep things fresh. I'm glad that Firaxis added mod support this time around.There's nothing like having a soldier survive 20 plus missions only to have him/her mind controlled by a sectoid and giving his squad mates no other choice but to shoot him/her down cause he or she is on the verge of killing another squad member. Then there are those moments where you set up the perfect ambush with all soldiers on overwatch and your recon set with Killzone and a superior extended clip. Then there are those moments where your squad is overwhelemed and caught off guard which lead to the most intense moments.Some of my favoirite missions are the retaliation missions, the base defense missions and assasinate/capture missions cause they truly test your skill; during some of these missions you may need to complete them with a certain amount of moves, if you fail then your soldiers end up being captured. I have yet to deal with any of my soldiers being captured so I am not sure if we can rescue them down the road but these are the missions that will put your skills to the test.Visually the game looks more appealing than the previous entries, as for frame rates, I get the drop every now and then but never too bad. load times are what I dislike the most and I've noticed that the more mods you have active then the longer it'll take for the game to load.Either way I highly recommend the game... DLC may be a bit overpriced but it is still worth it in my opinion."
76561198281364398,Recommended,268500,34834037,Posted: 9 September,all,damjankas,XCOM 2 was already one of my favourite games but the Alien hunters made a great game awesome. With the amount of new game elements and adversaries it feels almost like XCOM 3. The game also bacame harder (I don't dare to play Ironman yet) but with the new soldiers and bonding also gives opportunity for a better and stronger offence. I'm afraid my gaming time might come in 4 digits with this one ;)
,Recommended,268500,21224727,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Dr. Badnews,missed a 98% shot followed by a 99% shot.....  #stormtroopers have better aims..
76561198079650331,Recommended,268500,34321647,Posted: 17 August,all,matts111,great game
,Recommended,268500,31093336,Posted: 12 April,all,⋰n⋰i⋰k⋰i⋰b⋰a⋰n⋰z⋰a⋰i⋰,"I know it's a bit late for XCOM2 review but I'll do it anyway, I really enjoy the XCOM series, specially with this sequel, XCOM2 brings a lot of improvements from XCOM, the character customization is endless with the Steam workshop there, the gameplay is keeping the old good style-turnbased play at its best, the diffculty in the game can be challenging at one point but it's what makes this game alive, keep challenging every stages with different classes and mods, it's a total fun! 8.5/10"
76561198071121598,Recommended,268500,21323143,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Dr.Fumetastic,"TL;DR: It's greatAs the second part of the reboot series of the Original UFO: Enemy Unknown, XCOM 2  is still quite unlike any other game you'd see nowadays.It is a mixture of both a political/economical strategy game and turn based small units tactical combat. The sole fact that it features turn based combat already makes it stand out from most modern game-titles. The game puts you in charge of a resistance movement that fights an alien government that has completely overtaken Earth after your (apparant) defeat in the previous title. As such you are tasked with contacting local resistance cells across the globe and uniting them. Additionally, you need to find out what the aliens are doing and how you can stop their plans on the ""Avatar Project"" which is essentially a timer for your campaign, forcing you to take actions. This might sound bad for people who like to take their time and not worry about completion so much, but the game gives you enough tools to set the timer back for quite a bit if you do it right. This can be done by destroying alien facilities dedicated to the project or advancing in the main plot. Even without focusing too much on the ""Avatar Project""( or rather especially if you don't) unless it becomes really necessary when the bar completely fills and you are given about a month to set the progress back somehow, it is only really concerning you early on similiar to the other titles of the series where Panic only really mattered early on.As for the tactical skirmishes; they retain a simple formula: You have a few soldiers who can perform two actions per turn, such as running or shooting. Wether your soldiers miss or hit an enemy depends on a %hit-chance which gets improved if your soldiers are promoted and thus receive better training or if your enemies do not stand in cover but are exposed. One of the most important things to keep in mind is that killing every alien isn't your primary objective. And while it is tempting to go for as many enemies or rewards as possible you have to keep in mind one thing; You will fail and when you do it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. This however is the essence of XCOM; getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked and trying to overcome it somehow.Now you might be wondering; why the hell does the game assume that we lost during XCOM; Enemy Unknown/Enemy Within? This is mostly due to the rather high difficulty of the game itself which hasn't changed in this title.If at all, the introduction of turn-timers( or rather limiters as you still have an infinite amount of time to plan a turn) and varying enemy AI has made the game even more difficult. You might be thinking; ""WTF are those timers they don't belong into a TBS-game""! While some people keep arguing that strategies are being limited, it really allows for more variety; the game gives you plenty of tools to battle the timer while still being able to perform different approaches. Even then, in most cases the timers are rather generous and with one exception aren't present in story missions. Dealing with them isn't an issue; and even if you find them annoying and out of place there is a mod that removes or tweaks them in the Workshop.Speaking of which;This game has integrated mod support and user-friendly ini-files, meaning that modding is quite easy and already being quite well only a few weeks after release, just imagine the possibilities in a few months.A major issue as of now however, is the flawed optimization of the game. This seems rather weird considering that it has been developed as PC-only. Thus I would suggest waiting a few more weeks until these issues are fixed as there are quite some issues; save corruption on the last mission( which bars you from finishing the game after 20+ hours), poor graphical optimization( which seems to be especially noticable on HIGH END computers) and some bugs( such as seeing enemies through walls/floors) are all rather annoying.As for the game's story: While XCOM 2 puts a bit more focus on the main story than EU/EW, it still isn't the game's main selling point. Additionally, quite some interesting plot-options have been left out. Just as its predecessor however, it features tons of customization options for all of your soldiers - all kinds of different helmets, armors, haircuts, tatoos, custom biographies, names, looks and even an option to import characters to your friends games and vice versa due to the character pool option.The most interesting part of this is however, that this gives you an extremely strong attachment to your troops and both makes you feel really happy when they get out alive in a hairy situation and really sad when they meet their inevitable fate. As such the game is able to write quite some interesting stories just through its gameplay. This is a rather unique feature that does give the game quite a decent storytelling if you're willing to roleplay it to such an extent.As quite a bit of its story comes from the gameplay, it always feels like a fresh experience to start a new game and beat( or fail) the campaign yet again. Which is something that the game really focuses on.So is this game good and recommendable? Yes, most definitly, while it still suffers some issues which are hopefully soon taken care of, It is a great deal of fun if you're lucky enough not to run into most of these issues. Just keep in mind that it IS difficult and you will have to put in some effort to become good at it. Additionally, it does differ from most strategy games due to its turn based combat, so keep that in mind. As for the stoy, if you're someone who really likes role-playing multiple characters you might like this game, but if you prefer a well written and extensive story you should look somewhere else. All in all, this is a great game which will only improve with the time to come due to mods. All hail the PC-masterrace and our glorious king Gaben!"
76561197996008627,Recommended,268500,28616030,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Victator,Excellent turn based strategy offering. Be warned - difficulty curve is steep!
,Recommended,268500,34635593,Posted: 31 August,all,SolarBear PolarFlare,"I'm usually not a big fan of turn based combat myself and more of a diehard fast paced gameplay fan, but XCOM 2 has been incredible so far. Seems like games that can build up personal stories have always been great and this feels like one of them. Although I would recommend downloading a couple quality of life mods.With War of the Chosen being released I suggest everyone who's thinking about buying this to take the plunge. It's worth it."
,Recommended,268500,27966502,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,War-A-Tron,"One of the best stratagy games around, and heavaly modable. This is superior than Xcom EU/EW and is the best Xcom game out currently."
76561197987850921,Recommended,268500,35022829,Posted: 17 September,all,nisseperlemo,"I don't know and i dont want to know how many hours i spent on XCOM, Long War, and XCOM 2. The latest addition War of the chosen made me play it again, twice. No more please?"
76561198088971940,Recommended,268500,34894661,Posted: 11 September,all,NachyoDip,"WARNING: If you have played the Destiny 2 campaign and thought that it was challenging or difficult, this game is not for you."
,Recommended,268500,34739011,Posted: 4 September,all,DriLL@Xx,"Its a good game, I give it 6/10. No radical changes to the core mechanics. Basically an improvement of Sid Meier's XCOM, which was an vast improvement on the original XCOM series. Buy when on sale or you may be dissapointed with what you get for your money. A thumbs up - Just about!.. So the groundwork had been done by Firaxis in XCOM: Enemy Unkown, A refreshing upgrade on the turn based, alien invasion scenario. It was neither groundbreaking OR an evolution, coming from a specialist in turn based strategy, like I said. An improvement, nothing more honestly, Wake up fanboys!Seeing the price tag of the new DLC is where myself and XCOM drift apart. I love the way Game Informer described X2:WotC as ""Nearly a games worth of new content 9/10"". Somebody should explain to the out-of-touch reviewer, that, had he/she actually bought a copy, IT IS nearly the same price as a new game. No way!"
76561198054713706,Recommended,268500,34725832,Posted: 3 September,all,Sauce,XCOM is an experience that you have to try for yourself.No one can describe the vast dynamic of emotions you feel throughout the game.
76561197970466048,Recommended,268500,34727306,Posted: 3 September,all,SuperMonkey,I recommend this game.
76561197998143988,Recommended,268500,34737954,Posted: 4 September,all,Idling for cards,"I spent 20 minutes fully customizing a death squad, then accidentally had them all stand next to an explosive piece of the environment because I didn't know what I was doing. Entire squad died, mission over, on Ironman mode so I couldn't just re-load.Now my unsatiable bloodlust cannot be quenched until every last alien and zambie is destroyed."
76561198292491009,Recommended,268500,34732503,Posted: 4 September,all,shanemcarthur2007,"Was worried it was going to be worse than the original, but was pleasantly surprised that I enjoy it just as much. Glitches sometimes but not too often. Take a bit to figure out some of the new gameplay if you skip the tutorial, lol."
76561198044404117,Recommended,268500,34721032,Posted: 3 September,all,Veldren,"Got it for $25 on a Steam sale, and it is worth every bit of that and more if you are a fan of strategy games in general and XCOM in particular. It is a bit different as the Sectoids and stuff aren't the same standard X-Files aliens like in the original or anything like that, but there is a lot improved here as well.It does feel more difficult than the original, and I've bumped back down to Rookie difficulty so as not to get totally murdered. Don't let that thwart you though. The new things like having a Ranger class that can go melee with a sword is a great addition to your tactical toolbox, as are the psionics. Those are actually quite powerful and I'm pleased to take them along now.I haven't completed it yet, but I'm not in a rush to either. One thing I remember seeing was that there were time limits and it somehow ruined the game. Let me tell you that the turn limits in a battle are actually reasonable and logical: get X before Y happens, that sort of thing. A few of those were in XCOM and while you might want to play around on a map, frankly the longer you drag a mission out the more likely you are to end up with a roster of injured soldiers. Get in, get it, get out, just like you would if you were really doing this. As far as the campaign itself, that is no different than the Doomsday clock or whatever, except with the Avatar project you can actually take away the enemy's progress.When you do have time to spare - and honestly you usually do - setting up ambushes is a super effective way to take out enemies quickly. Concealment and overwatch ambush is too good to pass up.The storyline is interesting and I'm intrigued by the build-up to whatever this big revelation is going to be. They definitely have some neat ideas going.The only negatives I might mention really are the interruptions. You're trying to scan or pass time on the map  but every few seconds there is a chain of stuff going on. Most of it is research or construction, sometimes notifications about new missions, other times required events that you need to handle. It's better than scanning for weeks and hoping a UFO comes down but yeah, just a minor complaint.Overall: Seriously if you're wondering if it's for you, give it a try. Steam offers sales frequently enough that you could put it on your wishlist and grab it later. It is a good game, and it annoys me that I fell prey to negative reviews and held off. To be fair, it might have been rough before, and updates have patched various bugs."
76561197971190761,Recommended,268500,34725941,Posted: 3 September,all,SoybeanArson,"Amazing!!! Everything good about Xcom EU/EW has been built upon and improved. they introduced things that i didnt even know i wanted. The ebemies are varied and interesting as are the levels, and while its not always stressfull, its always engaging. This is addicitve as hell, and i cant wait till i can afford to get the expansion. Buy. This. Game."
76561198007633985,Recommended,268500,34731254,Posted: 4 September,all,ospdwise23,"While i dont do drugs (except for coffee), this game is like crack to me!! I cant quit. I never thought i would like these style of games....BUT I LOVE THIS ONE!! You wont be disapointed."
76561198066799394,Recommended,268500,34735328,Posted: 4 September,all,soulmusicfly,这个游戏太屌了，无论是画面还是剧情还是节奏还是操作还是难度，刚玩了一会儿就感觉到它的威力，看来能玩很久很久一直到通关，如果不卡关的话。哈哈哈哈。好游戏，点赞！补充一下，每次从战场回来，都感觉经历了一场出生入死，这种感觉太奇妙了，心里会想，终于活过来了。这种临场感无敌。实际上的战场会更残酷吧。
,Recommended,268500,34738785,Posted: 4 September,all,Property,Good Guy Feral Interactive:Says Linux version of War of the Chosen will follow in September. Works extra hard to release it in August.+1I'll continue to buy your games because:a) They are absolutely amazing.b) You guys are awesome!10/10
76561198101179177,Recommended,268500,21148899,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,D1,"First off its buggy as, but yea bar that its god damn awesome, I watched all the lets plays and early streams and was still supprised, laughing as one dued killed half his team and a group of civs only to be ressurected as hard core zombies and many more. So far my game time is one play thorough and im still not finished. Its harder but still its not even that much morr, once you get back in to it (only on commander though).  Nothing i hate everything i love and a lot of WTF how is that fair, but its not supposed to be. If you want easy then maybe xcom is not for you but if you loved xcom EU/EW i do not she how you cant love this too.Playing this game also turns your GPU in to a furnace."
76561198014276801,Recommended,268500,21150484,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Aethion7k,"Step 1: Set up team in concealed positions for ambush.Step 2: Spring AmbushEnemy brings in reinforcementsEnemy jumps off a four story buildingStep 3: Sniper headshots said enemy for instant killEnemy falls down thru the floor straight down.Step 4: Rename Sniper Rifle ""Express Ticket to Hell""The new improvements compared to XCOM one bring a whole new life to XCOM. Plus add in the fact that Long War Studios came out with launch day FREE mods...can't beat that level of service. Just a great amount of custimization options, new combat tactics (concealment), and the increase in timed sensitive mission make you feel like the last true hope for mankind.Rated 10/10 Going to glitch kill more enemies"
76561197990465750,Recommended,268500,21044307,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,NiMaSu,It`s Awesome
,Recommended,268500,21150739,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Blackfox,♥♥♥♥ing fantastic.
76561198067797091,Recommended,268500,35504402,Posted: 5 October,all,Baiano,"Good, but meh!Meh, because XCOM: Enemy Within with long war mod is waaaaaaaaaay much better."
76561198034640293,Recommended,268500,20992879,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,8ux8,Amazing game! Hard as s**** but it keeps you grinding and hoping that you will suceed!Graphics are great. (Im playing all on max settings)After few game fixes witch are mentioned in other reviews the game will be perfect.Worth every $ I payd.
76561198036573142,Recommended,268500,29260362,Posted: 14 January,all,lostsledge,"This game is fun.  As a Sequel, it is a definite improvement. I will state though that it is slightly harder than the last but this is due to the added layers of content and strategy.  I got this during a sale and it was worth it.  I'll admit, I held off buying because as a player of XCOM1 (and the first XCOM!), I felt that a sequel had the potential to dissapoint.  I should have purchased when it came out now that I am playing it.  Great Game and a solid continuation of the XCOM name."
76561198037383099,Recommended,268500,21195496,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Luc,Just the best TBS ever!
,Recommended,268500,21006096,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Scorpion,"You will 99% love this game with a 1% hate on minor lagsJust like you can hit target at 99% hit on a enemy alien but you rage at your 1% miss chance.You will 99% accept more tougher challenges, while this brings your skills to 1% for your overconfidence.Just like you will 99% buy this game with a 1% chance to resist temptation on steam!"
,Recommended,268500,29188288,Posted: 11 January,all,Enlisted Big Bear Arbs,"In a world where holy terra has fallen to xenos filth, an elite band of loyal imperial citizens lead the fight against heretics and xenos alike, join them in their adventure as they fight to secure terra against all odds...Accompanied by legendary hero's such as;The entire modding community.Angry grandpa.Asian teenager.Robot Groot.The Commander (shepard)And the entire cast of the bradey bunch."
76561198077801335,Recommended,268500,29968833,Posted: 16 February,all,Kn1VeS,"Xcom 2 is a welcome return for the series that builds on the foundations of enemy unknown and within, while adding a host of new mechanics that make for a great turn-based strategy game. On the plus side, Xcom 2 sticks to the challenging formula of its predecessors, having players engage in turn-based combat with a global strategy element to tie missions together. Mission objectives range from escorting VIP characters to safe zones, eliminating enemies across the map, and capturing important zones etc.The sound, voice and music is great. Noteworthy are the voice actor performances of both the player controlled characters, as well as the advent (alien) enemies you will slaughter in droves.The strongest element of Xcom 2 is its addictive gameplay. I found myself always wanting to have one more turn, complete one more research objective or take control of one more region. The impetus to always progress forward is key to the Xcom 2 experience. However the game can become repetitive, especially near the campaigns end, where having to blow up one more advent facility became a tedious chore.Xcom 2’s story is average at best and doesn’t add much to the overall experience. It does its job to string several missions together, but could have been better. But hey, when has an Xcom game been carried by its story? Note: The dlc missions do add some extra flavor to the campaign by introducing characters from the past Xcom games. But these missions are few and far between.The game's enemies are a contentious point for me. Their design is topnotch, having a wide array of abilities that will confound and challenge the player throughout the 25+ hour campaign. However, the enemy AI can change with a flip of a coin, often performing game winning actions one moment, then throwing themselves into the line of fire for no apparent reason in the next. Note: The alien ruler dlc adds three superior enemies that are absolutely devastating, having abilities that can seem quite unfair on harder difficulties.A sore point throughout my experience with the game is the fact that the game suffers from many bugs and performance issues, even after a year’s worth of patches. Frame rate dips are still common and occasionally the game does crash, even more so when playing with mods that may conflict with one another. It is also notable that I ran into a wide variety of issues across three different pc setups.Overall, Xcom 2 presents that same acclaimed experience that earlier Xcom titles introduced, but does so with a more flashier and exciting feel to it. Even with a host of problems that the game suffers from, I still love this title and recommend it to anyone who enjoys challenging turn-based strategy games. 8.6/10"
,Recommended,268500,30786815,Posted: 27 March,all,ThoughtWarper,"The B.E.S.T. turn-based strategy game you can own at the moment. An award-nominated and well-deserved sequel to the XCOM Series.You know how everybody says that ""John Wick 2"" is how you REALLY make a sequel to a movie?That's what you can say about this title as well. XCOM 2 is truly what everyone was hoping it to be and more!After YOU got played by XCOM EU/EW -> Even if you won, you still lose! That's how it starts! LOL! XCOM, that's so much like you!PROs:+ Highly Replayable game due to the innumerous combinations of Perks (native, and community-built), Difficulty Levels and DLCs+ Highly customizable Soldiers (Skills-wise and Cosmetic-wise) for the customization lovers+ Very active community for building Mods (New Weapons, New Enemies, Soldier Perks, Cosmetics, Game tunings, etc)+ 2 (Two) really meaningful DLCs: ""Alien Hunters"" and Shen's Last Gift""+ The game hints there will be at least another sequel to the Series+ As its predecessor, the game doesn't hold your hand past the Tutorial, you're supposed to quickly pick up the pace of the difficulty you chose to play onCONs:- The game is kinda too short :(- The meaningful DLCs (Alien Hunters and Shen's Last Gift), despite including new weapons/units to the game, add only 1 additional mission each (for a total of 2)"
,Recommended,268500,21141467,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,queen 🌸,"ok so yeah, XCOM 2. it's a great sequel to an already great game that improves on the asepects of hte orginials. It has perfomrance issues that will require you to turn down from♥♥♥♥♥♥to help your game running well(although for me my experience has been fine as my fps in battles were good) but thankfully firaxis is working on fixing the issues going on and will release a patch soon so when it comes out, i'll update this review and such."
76561198097994580,Recommended,268500,21187112,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RayneAU,Awesome gameHard as hell until you learn the ins and outs of base building and priority buildingit does have some performance issues but to be honest they dont kill the gameevery game has issues and this is a bran new and its to be expected that it dosnt work well on every setup.just part of pc gamingGO DUMONT
76561198025821220,Recommended,268500,21111659,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,omelette du frottage,"If you like salt, stress, and soldier Barbie dress-up, then this is the game for you!Seriously though, the game is great.  Art direction, music, story, gameplay, characterization.  All great.  There's also a surprising amount of respect and consideration given toward player agency and player roleplaying, which is more than some recent RPGs can boast.And the timed missions are not as bad as people are complaining about.  They're tactical considerations, but they don't force bad tactics.  It's possible to regularly reach the evac points and objectives with 3+ turns left and your entire squad alive, even on Legend."
76561198090842000,Recommended,268500,28241115,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,click DUP | Dectanium click,I love things when they're hard.
,Not Recommended,268500,29641166,Posted: 1 February,all,Nubby Ninja,"Whoever decided to give the King Viper the ability to show up out of nowhere, and dart straight to the squad regardless of concealment, is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.What kind of toolbag decides to make the game impossible to win by creating a monster that gets to murder you with squad-killing abilities with every single turn? Why allow this creature to be in every insanely hard mission, but NOT in missions where you actually have a chance of killing it?This game is not skill based. It is purely roll of the dice. It is 100% luck based. Assuming you're not a moron you have certain tools you can put to use and hopefully make it so far, but if you play the game the way it's meant to be played, more often than not your entire squad will get wiped, you will run out of recruits, the Avatar project will fully activate, and you will lose the game, because let's face it, between the codex, king fiper, king muton, and now the avatar, you are royally f_cked.If you like impossible odds, a challenge that is harder than coming out ahead on your tax returns or having a good day with your ex wife, go for it!I'm giving this game a solid NO. I would not recommend this game to anyone except the EXTREME turn-based enthusiast.There are some fun aspects to the game, and customizability is not lacking.In the end the odds of making it through to the end and getting any kind of meaningful storyline out of it is, well, insufficient for my taste.I would not recommend this game, but that doesn't mean it's entirely garbage. It needs a little spit and polish. Perhaps one of the balancing mods from the Workshop will have the right effect. I'll let you know."
,Recommended,268500,21182438,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Imbadatusernames,"A typical terror mission:1 turn passesBradford: COMMANDER A CIVILILAN JUST DIED ON THE OTHER END OF THE MAP HOW COULD YOU LET THAT HAPPEN?luckily there's a mod that fixes thisIn all seriusness though, the game is great. I expecially like the more detailed story and customization. The new gameplay elements are nice, exept for the turn timers and bradford during the terror missions. All of the things i consider a negative can be fixed with mods.Exept for the framerate. XCOM 2 is very demanding computer wise, as there haven't been any performance fixes yet. Even the best comouters will probably not get a high fps with max graphics, just sayin'But if you can survive with a bit lower resolution, the game is very enjoyable.Mods are also a big thing. At this point (2 weeks after the release) there's already plenty of mods to fix your troubles with gameplay, and more than 10 mods, that add extra customization options.if you can't survive with medium graphics and 30 fps it's 2bad4u"
76561198121782114,Recommended,268500,21182323,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RebelYARRR!,"It's a race against the clock and the aliens cheat. They are stronger, faster, they shoot straighter, their range is incredible. And they are ugly! Some battles are even uglier. You can't save everyone. It's fun and frustrating to try.Sometimes.. you have to make tough decisions. Save a town or save the world? Bad stuff happens. Every choice is a calculated risk, knowing that every mission you undertake one or more of your highly trained, awesome, qwerky teammates might die. You try not to let that happen, but it happens. And its sad when you lose a great one so the developers let you memorialize them with a custom epitaph! Xcom2 rocks!! Ironman mode seems like it would be unwinnable but I certainly will try. 20/10. 200% Awesomeness!!My only gripe would be that the Control guy keeps yapping during countdown missions and I find myself yelling at him, ""I know! I know! Shutup!"" I wish I could turn his comms off! Hahaha!! :)"
,Recommended,268500,21052425,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MongrelSlayer,Needs a bit of patching but is bretty good as it is.
,Recommended,268500,31737264,Posted: 13 May,all,HowlingHuntress,"Do you love strategy games? Do you like a challenge? Do you enjoy the sci-fi look and feel to games?Then XCOM 2 is for you!A game of tactics, despair, customization, high modability and a story you can replay a dozen times.. With a dozen different outcomes! (You can even make yourself and friends as characters!)Go pick this amazing game up and wipe those alien scum from your planet."
76561197965447908,Not Recommended,268500,30592951,Posted: 18 March,all,rlg007,"The game crashed while trying to play the tutorial, so I dont recommend this game...After a while of playing I can say this game makes me sad. I LOVED the original Xcom and after years of technological advances and a huge increase in computer capibilities, they manageed to make a game with less features and options than a game made in the 90's. Its as if the designers had a picture (""picture"" as in a single literal picture) of a tactical combat game then built the game backwards. Then its as if after a couple years of development someone told the designers, ""Hey there is this old game called Xcom made in 1994. You guys should make your game like that one.""** Edit #1 ** Crashed again while loading a save. Even after the game ""shutdown"", Steam still thought it was running. The game had a file running in the background and Steam wouldnt budge  until I manually closed that program the game still had running (it was crash dump something exe)."
,Not Recommended,268500,21030774,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Neet Freak Ken,"Game is fun, don't get me wrong.  Fairly decent graphics.  Better overall than EU/EK.There is a time limit on almost every ♥♥♥♥ing mission.  Ruins the game.  Until that's patched out or moddable, it's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198396638251,Recommended,268500,32841517,Posted: 26 June,all,joecrawford1999,this game is fun and perfect for gamers looking for a strategic challenge
76561198090268595,Recommended,268500,30713826,Posted: 24 March,all,Suprimoman,"Me: ""Captain Trump, you have a 95% chance to hit this sectoid! It is mind controlling colonel Hat!""Cpt Trump: "" Ahh! Missed!""Me: ""Srsly captain?! Well my only hope is to have this rookie take this 5% chance.""Rookie: ""Boom! Got'em""Me: ""Phew! I guess we aren't dying today!""Muton: ""RAAAAAHHHH""Me: ""He is like 2 kilometers away, we'll be fine.""Major Gandhi: ""We've lost one!""Me: ""...""Me: ""Where is my save file?"""
,Recommended,268500,28768697,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BrownKidC,"I have eaten 3 boxes of twinkies, 3 2liter bottles of MSN dew, 5 redbulls, and 2 5 energy shots... best couple of hours of my life."
76561198152616564,Recommended,268500,21261317,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Rookie,10/10 I have been waiting for this game from the day it was announced I love how they made it so that we lost in enemy unknown. It's not as repetative as it was in the the first one which is a great thing. the customizations are fantastic. the new classes and the new enemies are great. I can't wait for the dlcs to roll out. If there would to be another xcom coming out I would buy it because this one gave me high hopes for the next one to be great.
76561198069817958,Recommended,268500,33257213,Posted: 4 July,all,belatedbirthdaydinner,"Playing XCOM 2 for the first time-Start new game, Realize I can create the UNSC from HALO-Spend hours customizing 15 troops like MasterChief, CPT Keys, Miranda Keys, and Sgt. Avery Johnson.-Second mission Masterchief is blown to pieces from a frag grenade.-Quit-2 days later, name a random rookie MasterChiefFight back the alien scum10/10actually, 9/10F*** the countdown timer"
76561198089437757,Recommended,268500,21014687,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,⎛⎝OtterWarPath⎠⎞,"This game is good Garlic BreadNotes:Only complaint is to many timed missions, but there is a mod that changes that so its not a huge deal."
,Recommended,268500,20986306,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Capybard,"XCOM 2 is XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Within but with a more complex combat system, waaay better character customization, cooler aliens, a well told story, stunning graphics and a killer soundtrack. It's one of the coolest takes on the whole ""alien invasion"" trope I've ever experienced, and any fans of XCOM, tactical games, sci-fi and emergent narratives owe it to themselves to play it. It's one of those games you'll play for years and years to come. Don't miss out."
76561198059473948,Recommended,268500,32994330,Posted: 29 June,all,entcag,"This game is absolutely butt♥♥♥♥ingly assrapingly♥♥♥♥♥♥dick♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥STUUUUUUPID hard. The difficulty is upped at least like 5 ♥♥♥♥ing times from the previous installment. I am having trouble getting into the game on the default veteran difficulty, and I absolutely refuse to play the rookie mode. I am still giving it a chance and I will not give up until i find out what major change I am missing from the last game in order to be even minutely successful."
76561198008893862,Recommended,268500,28121832,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Old-Painless,"I did not buy this game until it was on sale. I read so many negative reviews about ""timers"" and how it was ""buggy"". If you liked the first reboot, there is nothing you will not love about this game. I regret having waited months before getting this game. It is virtually identical to the first, but all the new features are meaningful and interesting - I would not call them gimmicks. Disregard all these negative reviews that talk about performance issues, ""not enough time to build a strategy"" and general bugginess. When people say ""timer"", they mean a ""turn counter. Yes, many missions have a turn counter, but so did the first reboot. XCOM 2 makes it so you have to make tough decisions in a really interesting way - there is plenty of room for strategy. I would say XCOM 2 is punishingly difficult - which is part of why I loved the first reboot. I would say XCOM2 is definitely harder than the first, by a lot actually. The one thing I love about the XCOM series is that victory is dirty - you lose stuff you don't want to lose and you have to find a way to push on and adapt. I highly recommend this game and I highly recommend buying this game if you liked XCOM1. I rarely ever write reviews for games - I really listened to the reviews I read and they misled me on this one."
76561197975586083,Recommended,268500,25812737,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,JollyStNick666,"This game is fantastic and worth getting hooked on.I was reading some other reviews with people saying things like ""I played over 100 hours of this game and frankly I'm disappointed"". If you were able to hold your attention to one game for 100 hours I'd call that a successful game.Play this if you are into strategy games. I've been playing them for years and this is one of the best out there."
76561197960846724,Recommended,268500,20976510,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sancezzio,"Beat EU on Classic difficulty. Selected ""Veteran"" (normal difficulty) on XCOM 2. Failed the first mission twice. Would fail again 10/10EDIT:Honestly though, While in XCOM Enemy Unknown it was a long time before aliens appeared who could mind control your soldiers, in XCOM 2 they appear right from the very first mission. Sitting behind cover and trading fire with alien forces is no longer a tactic that will keep all of your squad alive. Be aware that if you think you knew XCOM, you'll need to be going in with a keen mind to relearn everything you thought you knew about XCOM tactics.Performance wise, I have a 2500k and a GTX 970 coupled with 16GB of RAM. The game just scrapes 60fps on High settings with SSAO turned down to ""Tile AO"", with major FPS drops whenever the CPU is being utilised, like between turns or during loading sequences. Maps which use a lot of fire effects (such as retaliation missions) never hit 60fps on my system.I thought I understood XCOM pretty well, but honestly this game has absolutely punished my complacency. I've had to restart my campaign due to a squad wipe on a very crucial mission, and even then I'm having difficulty keeping hold of veteran soldiers. Crucially though, I feel I am losing only because of my own incompetence rather than the game being weighted too unfairly. Sure, you get those ""really?!"" moments of chance that feel awful, but also you get really lucky sometimes so it's a balance."
,Recommended,268500,21117099,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Enkhrypthor,"Great game, but i really don't want to spend my time on rage miss simulator. So i asked for refund, maybe i'm going to purchase it again after some patches."
76561198005983117,Recommended,268500,21241445,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,RadioActiveFreq,"After 200 hours and many failed campaign runs, I still find myself returning frequently. It's a mainstay in my library, definitely worth a purchase if you like turn-based strategic alien slaying.However, performance is still pretty crap (GTX 970, Quadcore 3.1 GHz, Windows 7) and there are some bugs that need to be ironed out. I cut the game slack because I am running with a few mods, and most of the bugs I encounter aren't game breaking. But they are annoying. Like when a character gets blasted with a laser and takes a solid 2 seconds of awkwardly looking around until he flys back from the impact. It's almost like they're on a movie set and they miss-timed their cue to flop over dead.Also, the DLCs have been pretty unexceptional so far. From what I can tell, the DLCs for the last XCOM were way more substantial. If you're gonna buy the DLCs, wait for a sale and snag the season pass.But if you can get past these gripes it is a solid game, and the mod scene should give the game a good shelf life and a lot of replayability."
,Recommended,268500,20983866,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Normal Al,"XCOM was amazing, and XCOM 2 is somehow even better. It has to be some kind of sorcery."
,Recommended,268500,21113095,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mr. Pinguin,"How to win in this game:Step 1: Get a soldierStep 2: Give him blonde hairStep 3: Rename him Donald TrumpStep 4: Send him into a mission aloneStep 5: RepeatThe aliens shouldn't be a problem anymore.(For real now)The customization options are pretty much nonexistant for the last 2 armors, however the first armor has a lot of options. Its pretty amazing how much customization you can do to the face one you reach a certain rank.Want an eyepatch? Done.Want a strange powered helmet? Done.How about one of those EXALT bandanas? Done.Now about the missions,Sometimes the timers are just extremely unbalanced mid-game to late-game and you are forced to run PAST the enemy to make sure your troops aren't ""MIA"" right next to the Evac zone when that timer runs out. The enemies in this game are fairly simple, and it is easy to pick out the most valuable target to pick out. With the right kind of coordination (and a good map for cover) missions should be very easy. I personally played on Commander difficulty and only lost a single mission (due to a timer... RIP Donald Duck and Bugs Bunny.... you will not be missed....).So if the missions are hit or miss, the time spent on this game has to go somewhere right?How is the base building?Well... you could say it has been streamlined... or you could say the buildings were a lot better than XCOM: EU and allow more variety to adapt your style of play. I like the building system better, however there are too few buildings, I got every type of room built, and I would've liked to pick what rooms I needed, and what rooms I could build in another playthrough.This review has gone far too long, (for my standards) and I'll end it here.Even with a lot of cosmetic bugs and frame drops, I like the tough choices.Overall, 9/10, probably my favorite strategy game of all time."
,Recommended,268500,21250851,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,redux,Turn based strategy still lives!  An upgrade in almost every way from Enemy Unknown/Enemy Within.  Hoping that a patch to fix some of the larger bugs is coming soon.
,Recommended,268500,21208230,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,sidious823,Could not recommend it more.  I will be playing this one for a long time.
76561198024764961,Recommended,268500,21283222,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Ajhamilton87,"This is the true definition of a sequel, it retains its core gameplay from the previous game but expands on it and enhances it. awesome awesome sequel with plenty of fan service to those that played enemy unknown."
,Recommended,268500,21284409,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Shoji Tabuchi,"Didn't have a crash once, saw no glitches, other than the delays in turns, which a mod fixed like day 4,Customization is insanely awesome, i was a person who believed it would add nothing to the game. I was totally wrong, the introduction of the character pool, which allows you to create soldiers and then import them to your game or show up as rookie recruits is amazing.The game is an improvement on the previous xcom games in LITERALLY ALL WAYS.The base building lets you have freedom and choice now, no more limitations such as forced to build Uplinks asap.The new enemy variation is astounding, new enemies show up constantly keeping you on your toes, constantly wondering what the game may throw at you next.The Viper enemies are probablly the worst alien to see, they take whatever plan you had and make you throw it out the window quickly so you can try to come up with a way to save your soldiers. (they do pathetic dmg though hardly a threat on their own)The loot dropping mechanics and weapon upgrade system, are awesome, really giving you the feeling that you are working with what resources you are given, replacing Meld, with the detonating loot. BRILLIANT.The story was quite thin in Enemy unknown but it served its purpose, the story here is more fleshed out, and you could tell they wanted to give you a good reason to push throught the trials, to save humanity from the Avatar project.The Woudned system works differently you can have lightly wounded, wounded, or gravely wounded soldiers. If someone is gravely wounded they are healing for around 15 in game days, and if the aliens retaliate with your best troops wounded it can seem terrifying. (still beatable)       This new system teaches you to be safe with your soldiers, sometimes causing you to be too safe and screw up evacuation missions, but thats what Xcom2 is about.The Classes have been given much more attention, both trees are very appealing in their own ways and both are viable in every class.Psionic troopers are available earlier in the game!!!!! However they are only available early if you take the sacrifices of not building your Guerilla building, or your workshop. You can take a chance at fighting the aliens with only 4 troops, or have your 6 troops, but be behind on your psionics research and training.Psionic troopers take FOREVER TO TRAIN (literally around 2 MONTHS in game time. But that is to have a completly trained soldier, with literally all psionic abilities.  However this is not a negative, they become precious troops, whom will actually force you to play the game better, and that is only because of the new injury system, without it they would just feel like overpowered troops with no downside.The new ""failure state"" comes when you allow the Aliens' Avatar project to go unchecked, you were either busy training psi soldiers (like me in my first game) or busy trying to get a bunch of supplies. This failure state is far more satisfying than the countries leaving the Xcom project. You feel like you actually have a tangible thing to fight against rather than just HOPING that the next Abduction mission does't happen to your highest panic countries. .If you fail, it was your fault. not just because rng decided to make it so.TLDR-An improvment in all ways over previous xcom games,-EXTREMELY varied enemy pool.-Varied customization.-Sticks to the solid gameplay Enemy unknown made us all love-Concealment is super satisfying and getting the jump on aliens is glorious.-Weapon upgrade system helps add more flavor to your already flavorful troops-Base building is way less constrictive, and because of this actually leads to more choices, and therefore more varied replays of the game.-Story is given more love-Classes are now quite balanced giving you more choice when you rank up.-Mod Support on Day 1, that basically fixed anything the dev's didn't think of, or didn't have time for."
76561198044554428,Not Recommended,268500,28249416,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,BuddyFriend,"I like the first one, i like this game. Maybe they changed the formula around but, this miss chance is terrible and  frustraiting."
76561198007434630,Recommended,268500,21182761,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ishar,"If you liked the first XCOM remake, you will like this one.  This one seems slightly more streamlined than the first one WRT a few mechanisms (e.g. armor / weapon upgrades that apply to all your soldiers in addition to ""one off"" experimental projects, base building) but these are minor tweaks.  The core gameplay is basically the same, though there's some new features here and there, like concealment.  Nothing is more fun than setting up an awesome ambush with 6 guys and then totally slaughtering an enemy squad that you activate.  Except possibly grenading 4 aliens and then using a ranger (reaper) to kill them.  Well that's probably wrong.  But yeah, so many awesome moments and tactical possibilities, it'll be fun for quite awhile."
,Recommended,268500,25131646,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Scott Ackerman,"amazing! I have played xcom since its early DOS days with all the malformed weird soldier pictures and the barely recognizable snakemen. Now it has bloomed into perfect. And honestly...honestly i really really didnt think i was going to like this story setup. earth lost?! wtf, but no...it was written amazingly! if anything it made me feel a ton more connection to my rag tag renegade group that you can customize....and omg the customization in this game...oh how i love my customization and this game has made it so i can pretty much recreate all my friends into perfect soldier form. down to alot of the same tattoos and scars...aagh its been so long. so so so so long since i have fallen in love with a game this much. xcom 2 i love you. i love you and engineer shen, but keep that on the dl ok?"
76561198009753596,Recommended,268500,21164791,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,GreyWolf_19,"So far I am enjoying this game immensely.  Addicting to say the least, and seems more brutal and faster paced than EU/EW.  A must have for strategy fans or turn-based enthusiasts."
76561198113958443,Recommended,268500,31102422,Posted: 12 April,all,Freezacan,good game but im disappointed THEY REMOVED MELD!
,Recommended,268500,24952279,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,beyond hope,"i love this game, but then again i love gambeling and damn if this game isnt luck based even more so then in Enemy Unknown.  let me say this i realy do love this game but ♥♥♥♥ all those damn term limits in EU they were a welcome change of pace but now its almost every ♥♥♥♥ing mission this forces the player to put his men where he normaly wouldent. whereas in EU these pushed your skills to maximize each move in 2 they feal like they are constantly putting the player in unfair situations where if he strays from a formula its all over no chance thats not strategy thats chemisty. ultimately this game is realy good but i never had a chance to savor it cause just like the missions the game has a turn limit and this prohibited me from sitting back and getting my full enjoyment out of this game. it just feels like it was over to fast. that said i have 147 hours in it and im not bored yet so..."
76561198044885011,Recommended,268500,21233522,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Orsnoire,"Overall, a fantastic addition to the XCOM/X-Com family.Pros:- Customizable troops- Enhanced tactical game responsiveness (aiming equipment, grenades are now useful, etc)- ""Interesting choices"" (i.e. it matters what you choose cause you can't get everything) on the Geoscape- Good story with cutscenes that don't beg to be skipped- Very difficult ""special"" enemies- Deep base management- Intel; this new resource is one of the primary methods of making choices on the geoscape matter- Improved Psi training and skill tree- Timed missions add some pressure and interest to tactical gameCons:- LONG load times- (at the time of this writing) Buggy soldier ""cutscenes"" in tactical combat- Overuse of timed missions; would have liked to have seen more fully tactical missions that start stealthed- Still didn't fix the wonky difficulty curve: early game is much more difficult than endgameOverall I would rate this game 8/10"
76561198035776269,Recommended,268500,20986177,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Uttergerth000 Communist,Adolf Hitler makes 21% shot crits with shotty and while hes dazed 10/10 IGN would play again IGN 2K16
,Recommended,268500,21064647,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Robin,"Awesome game. An improvement I didn't think was possible from Enemy Unknown.The story is deep and the missions are ruthless.There clearly are some people whom are having trouble adjusting their play to the new timed scenarios but I'd say that they are without a doubt the best thing to happen to UFO/XCOM in a long time, especially so if you like playing on Iron Man. The reason is that they force your hand to action. You are no longer able to play ridiculously defensively going inch by inch through the level with all your guys always on overwatch but are going to have to make some really tough calls.Sometimes you'll make the wrong call, people will die, sometimes you'll make the right call and people will die anyway. Sometime leaving your guys to die is  the right call in the longer campaign. Previously Iron Man was simply an excercise in patience, since there were heavy consequences to having your guys shot at, the valid strategy was the one spent hammering overwatch and end turn never putting any of your guys at risk. If you never put anybody at risk, you don't need to load save games.In XCOM2, this is a luxury you seldom have. Usually there is something pressing you on, be it a beacon calling in enemy reinforcement, civilians getting eaten by aliens, a bomb timer ticking or just hordes and hordes of enemy reinforcements whittling you down. This calls for action and decisiveness, but if you over-extend and act too hastily, the game will still be there to punish your overconfidence.There are some missions where there is no timer or the timer will start very late in the mission or the timer might not start until you leave concealment (more about this later). These are usually the missions with the stiffest resistance as well. It allows you to revel in these occasions to really cheese the aliens as much as you can, pay them back for past transgressions, savor the ambush. (Un)fortunately these are also the missions where the aliens are the most well equipped to raise you on your cheese and give you a run for your money. The first such mission I ran into the only survivor was a sole rookie, objective in hand, runnning for her life from hordes of alien reinforcements. The mission was a success albeit a pyrrhic one as my best sniper, my best ranger and my last grenadier were left dead on the battlefield.Other pros:- The whole setting being insurgents against a state of dystopian alien opressors is awesome and surprisingly(!) fits the gameplay much better than the original secret government agency schtick that most other x-com games have had.- The new concealment system allows for some glorious ambushes though it doesn't hand it to you on a silver platter, you really have to be clever about it utilise it to it's full.- The game seems a lot longer and more content rich than previous Firaxis x-com games, that being said there is some heavy borrowing here and there especially on the gear side, but all in all more is more and there are few things without some new refinement.- The base building and management of the avenger (flying around doing missions on the map) feels a lot more refined and is more fun than in previous games. Also, it's no longer just about MOAR LABS, MOAR SCIENTISTS! Engineers are really nice and have a lot of versatility and tasks to balance.- There is a lot more verticality in the missions, allowing better and more varied level design.- Voice acting is good and the characters in your base have a lot of non-critical monologue/reflectections that are fun to listen to but easy to skip.- All aliens are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sCons:- All aliens are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s- The user interface feels very laggy at times, especially during combat.- The framerate will suffer at times, more so than you'd expect from a turn based game. With that being said though, since it's a turn based game it's not a game breaker, but somewhat of an annoyance.- The game has a significant amount of minor bugs, nothing game breaking or super annoying though- The line of sight system is supposed to be super simple, but it turns out instead to be very unpredictable at times as it sometimes allows enemies and players to shoot through walls (it at least makes holes in the wall when they do). Also, what counts as cover from what angles is kinda gamey and you can have situations where it looks like you can clearly see an enemy but it turns out he's in heavy cover. The rules for when they are or are not are rather simple, so you can learn them but it does take you out of the moment sometimes.- You can only rotate the camera in 90 degree increments and have very low zoom in/out capabilities. I suspect this is due to the line of sight thing, since trying to look down from where your character is looking won't actually help you tell if there'll be line of sight or not.- Sometimes, especially when fighting in enclosed spaces, the wall transparence effect that's supposed to allow you to see what you're doing even if there's a wall between you and your character will also make the wall behind your character transparent making it very hard to see what's where and where there are walls and where there aren't.Overall, great game. I was pleasantly surprised despite high expectations."
76561198004910835,Recommended,268500,21190151,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DrakonDarkhaven,"Did you like playing Xcom: Enemy Unknown? Then play this game.If you didn't like Xcom, then why are you here?Seriously, Love this game.Cant wait to see what they do with the expected DLC."
76561198232298144,Recommended,268500,21190152,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Warpig336,Just buy the game and have an awesome time.
,Recommended,268500,21366820,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Ice Fox,Pray to rngesus
76561198011057767,Recommended,268500,21286464,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Si7S,Play this game period.
76561198020624266,Not Recommended,268500,21354769,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Archangel_Doom,"had high hopes for this game to run well, i dont have the best computer but i shouldnt be punished with lag and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps, i hope they come out with a patch to fix this soon"
76561198017681447,Recommended,268500,21292699,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"Before I start I’m going to have to admit I’m an XCOM fan and have played all of them including some spin offs (UFO’s), I will however try and give an honest opinion based on my experiences of the game. For those who don’t know it’s a strategy game with elements of RPG squad building and base/resource management, set in a time where aliens rule the world “helping” humans find true enlightenment through advanced technology. This all changes when the XCOM; EU’s old commander (you) is found and brought back into service to lead a rebellion against the alien rulers (the Elders).The Pros;Nice and good story with nice cut scenes and excellent voice acting. You have a mobile base that can move around based on your current mission needs. The aliens are chasing you, they have more resources and soldiers compared to your limited resources and manpower (each soldier counts). Random maps (finally!) that makes each map different. Lots of different missions (with some similarities but at least it adds an element of difference), from save/capture the VIP, kill all the aliens, defend your ship from attack. Lots of tactical choices based on your soldiers and their abilities, nice little elements such as weapon modification. A brilliant soldier customisation tool making you even more attached to them. When you get it a nice psi system which allows you to quickly field powerful psionic’s in battle. Each map has some serious detail with everything being destroyable.The Cons;Some minor camera glitches (not a big issue) but can cause problems when trying to click on a button behind a wall. A serious monster memory hugger (unless you have another monster graphics card and processor that can deal with it). Some issues with line of sight and melee attacks going through walls, shooting through walls with a pistol and other annoying minor combat issues. A none random element, I would find some attacks missing on 80% and other hitting with a critical on a 20%. I only discovered towards the end of the game that the game uses a ""pre-generated"" set of rolls over the course of a fight, as each attack is taken, it checks against the list, ticks off a number, and moves to the next. Some may find this a better system to avoid re-saving cheat but I found it a struggle.Overall however I really enjoyed my experiences with this game and would highly recommend it to anyone, thumbs up!"
76561197979109729,Not Recommended,268500,21355010,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The Underdog,"Buggy gameplay, actual cpu crashes, soundcard errors, internet disconnects, power surges and death, oh yes and i forgot to mention hard. Game requires one to be a masochist to play.. its like dark souls but converted into a turn based game. 100% chance to hit and the target gets ''Grazed"". How does one get grazed with a jet of hot plasma? Games are getting more expensive while delivering less. Good graphics tho, when game acutally works."
76561197970805206,Not Recommended,268500,21356804,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Zombie Killa,"Although the game has a good premise and great graphics, its engine is slanted too much towards a ""war of attrition"" whereby waves of enemy soldiers are generated.  In one scenario at rookie level 17 versus 4 troops occured leading to scenario bogging down.  Moreover, what is truly lacking is understanding and getting instructions for game operations such as climbing ""use the F key"".  When and how to allocate resources at the command level seems to be a guessing game.  Information such as how to create additional communication or when power is used makes it difficult to manage the non-combat portion of the game.  All in all, I've come to expect this type of early release and incompleteness from companies that are driven by deadlines as opposed to giving the customer a good experience."
76561198039710976,Not Recommended,268500,21365705,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,guinness_pete,"As much as i'd like to recommend this game, it's far too buggy at the moment, more of the same as last time with some minor improvements, i hope it gets sorted soon, not sure i'll play it much once it gets sorted, as i reckon i'll have moved on!"
76561198044557742,Not Recommended,268500,21657397,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,kswa1987,"Not nearly as good at the first game.  The plot doesn't really make sense, and the bugs really break the immersion.  That said, I still played through it once."
76561198012342118,Not Recommended,268500,21683571,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,iam767837,"SLOW, OH SO SLOWI went to sleep"
,Not Recommended,268500,23608389,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Irbisgreif,"80% hit chances seem to miss 4/5 times. 20% hit chances seem to hit half the time. The game is just... bizzarely nonsense with what it tells you, and as a result, you can expect to lose your entire team several times over within the first couple of missions, - which if you know XCOM, means you lose the game very quickly. I recommend sitting this game out unless you're the kind who just wants everything with the XCOM name on it or something. Play Enemy Unknown/Within. Much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,268500,23907206,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,HalfBurntToast,"So far, I feel like this game improves on 2012 XCOM in just about every way. The game is more engaging, more tense, and more difficult. Yeah, I finished Enemy Unknown thinking, “you know, that wasn't so bad towards the end, I might actually be getting good at XCOM.” Less than two hours into the game, I realize that I SUCK at XCOM. I'm currently playing on easy (after starting on normal) and save scumming without remorse. This game is absolutely brutal bordering on unfair at times. The difficulty does vary a lot depending on how the level generates and an unfortunate spawn location/enemy spawn/objective/etc can make your missions take a wrong turn very easily. That said, once you get the ball rolling with your squad, the missions definitely become much less of a meat grinder. I'll probably be replaying this on higher difficulty after I finish the story. It does feel a bit overwhelming at first with all the resources and timers you have to watch. But, it's not as big of a deal as it first appears and the “lose by timer” has yet to happen for me. You can't sit around and camp like in EU/EW.There are a few issues.  Some of the mission timers are pretty silly (like if your squad is still concealed the timer is still ticking), but most of the timers I'm alight with. There are some weird delays in the game during loading screens, even on a SSD. The performance, while 98% of the time is fine, can get a little chunky at certain points, even on a i5-6600 and GTX970, which will probably be a lot more noticeable on older machines. But, I've only had this game crash to desktop once so far, compared to a countless number of crashes I had in EU. There's also still this weird resistance from other countries in supporting the XCOM project, like in 2012 XCOM with countries leaving (why would they do that at all?). But, I guess it's more believable this time around because of the role-reversal.All in all, this game is awesome and well worth the money."
76561198035510572,Not Recommended,268500,21217178,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Bier,This game is just as buggy as the previous title. Barely works on my machine.
76561197974256075,Not Recommended,268500,21223848,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Chep,"Broken as ♥♥♥♥, freezes constantly, waste of money."
,Not Recommended,268500,21228347,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,DangerBanana,"Basically another strategy game where the developer's only recourse to making the game ""hard"" is to summon additional troops each time you eradicate enemy presence.  For the rest, it's just like the previous Xcom, only with a moving base and a time constraint on the overall game and in most missions.  Again, the lazy-dev way to making the game ""hard"".  Nothing too special, I've played better and am going back to those games.some more cons:- you get skills always greyed out in game- snipes appear to be CoD players in terms of accuracy- range does nothing for hit/miss chancemaybe it'll become good when modded..."
76561198007402029,Not Recommended,268500,21192566,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Psychoticbard,"This game is broken in it's current state. The running hot and hanging issues are only the tip of the iceberg. Bugs exist that will totally stop your progress in both the overhead campaign and battles. I now have two Ironman games stuck about mid-late game because I can't end a turn or the campaign map counters start going negative and never unlock. Until they fix these bugs do not buy, and if you do, don't play Ironman."
76561197975925005,Not Recommended,268500,21217174,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Knuppe,"Awful game, period.I don't know what do begin with, is it the fact the game keeps crashing?Is it the fact the autosave function simply doesnt work? I want to reroll 2 turns, but all 4 autosaves on the mission rerolls to the exact same spot, check 5 autosaves back and I am 1 continent and 2 missions back from where I am... seriously?Buggy game, awful gameplay where you just die to random BS. No skill, pure RNG unlike fallout 2 which is still alot better than this heap of crap.Absolutely didn't enjoy 1 second of this game, not 1 second. DO NOT BUY!"
76561197984840040,Not Recommended,268500,21230355,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,vtrandi,"Iam really an xcom fan for decades, but this is unbelievable. graphic problems, avenger base view not usable, stuttering. shame on you, firaxis.i hope this will be better in the future, until then 50 euros for nothing."
76561198134402231,Not Recommended,268500,21229384,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,spydigger24,"Honestly I don't know if anyone from the company will read this but I will put in my opinion at least. The game is...unplayable to nongaming pcs. I mean xcom enemy unknown has the function to auto adjust to the pc's settings, xcom 2 DOESN'T and caused my pc to explode when it was at the main menu. I really hope that the company sees this and actually put a graphics settings before the start of the game or a auto adjust system. Most games have that settings these days."
,Not Recommended,268500,21219286,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Father Pennywig,"full of bugs, ffps drops game crash, and i got bored of the game pretty fast."
76561198057759896,Not Recommended,268500,21221498,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Courier,"Fix the Freaking Corrupted save file thing! this is the 4th time i am reinstalling the game, tried all means possible, fix it or suggest a freaking fix!"
76561198012006044,Not Recommended,268500,21256591,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Mohammed,"Timed missions ruined this game, If you never played xcom before buy the first one instead and don't waste your money on this garbage."
76561198068740992,Not Recommended,268500,21234681,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,junito817,"Would be a great game if I could actually play it. The game has horrible performance, the game constantly crashes and I have a beast PC that is more than able to handle it. It crashes at startup I have to launch the game 2 -3 times to get it to play, it crashes when trying to start missions, it crashes during missions if/ when you are able to start the mission, loads times are very long especially after completing a mission.The game would be great if not for the performance issues, I would wait until a patch is released before purchasing, as it stands now I paid full price for a game that I can't even play."
,Not Recommended,268500,21194087,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,FunkerGreg,"XCOM 2 (did not) have controller support (at release) like the previous game in the series.  I have 4 XBOX 360 controllers.  When I saw the game being packaged with the Steam controller I didn't bother to check if XCOM 2 worked with the controllers I already owned, which made for a disappointing first play when all the buttons worked, but not the sticks.  Since this game was intended to be cross-platform, I expected controller suport immediately.  Firaxis has a history of not supporting their games -- ref Civilization V miltiplayer errors, glitches, and introduction of exploits in their patches-- so I am not interested in holding onto this game until they get around to fixing this issue.  I recommend they keep working on a game until it is a finished product.  Asked for a refund-- 10/10 to Steam support for giving me my money back, but losing trust in Firaxis and 2K.EDIT: game was released in FEBRUARY, but no controller support until NOVEMBER.  Nine months to add controller support?  I purchased XCOM 2 again once controller support was available, hoping for something a little more strategic like XCOM: UFO Defense rather than another somewhat linear another series of missions like XCOM: Enemy Unknown.  This one seems similar in fuzzing over purchasing details, deployment options, and only letting you equip four soldiers with weapons pre-determined by their class  *sigh*... (I remember equipping an 8-12 unit elment in the old games on the first mission with enough different weapons to give me options), but there's some not-bad aspects to the early missions, where you set ambushes against a larger force by maintaining the element of surprise and positioning soldiers.  While I question the wisdom of sending a rookie squad with no armament options against larger numbers, it did present an interesting challenge.  I'll play it a bit more if I find time, but right now I'd still say there are better games I'd rather play, so I can't recommend it."
76561198046059819,Not Recommended,268500,21225323,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Dkboy24,"I'm currently setting my recommendation to ""no"" because of the following issues.  I really hope I can change this rating soon.The reasons I'm not recommending this at this time are:- Choppy animations, animations getting stuck, ""dead"" bodies looking like they are alive, etc- Concealment mechanic needs more work.  I take my time to move my squad up, stay out of the red markers, don't run, don't bust open doors, don't break windows.... and  yet, the enemy detects me and I lose my entire squad.  Very frustrating- While I don't hugely mind the timer mechanic... I think losing my best squad members because they are ONE box next to the evac zone when the timer runs out is total BS.  How can they be ""captured"" when they are that close with ZERO enemies around?- The game doesnt understand percentages.  I've missed more 95% shots than is statically possible.  I had one guy miss three times in three turns with his sword at an 98% chance to hit.- The enemy almost never misses.  I really don't understand how they hit me almost all of the time but when I shot back I get a 13% chance to hit even though we are both in the same level of cover?- The new enemies are beyond challanging... they are just frustrating.  Sectoids who can mind control (and NEVER miss unless you use up an equipment spot to shield their mind), they re-animate the dead, they have a ranged attack (because why not?), and can make your squad panic.  Really?  I get jumped by three of these guys in my third mission of the game and I get three of my four squad mind controlled.  The snakes are super nuts... their tongue attacks have just as much range as your ranged attacks (because aliens), and they can drag your squad through anything and keep them coiled up.  Couple that with a few sectoids and you're in for a no-win scenario.  Those are just the first few alien encounters...- I can't seem to keep squad members alive enough to get strong enough to actually do anything, yet each mission gets harder and harder and harder... you will get to a point where you just can't win and have to start over.  I have almost 40 hours clocked and have had to restart a ton because I lose an entire squad to mind control and snakes- If one of your squad takes a SINGLE point of damage...they are somehow ""gravely wounded"" and need 20 days to heal.  Really?  You just took one point of damage.....- Don't get to enjoy the game because you're on this super fast paced crazy death clock so you have to build what the game forces you to build so you can beat the time.  Still have no idea what the advanced warfare center does because I have to build power and radio centers...I hope I can change my rating soon because I played the heck out of the last game.  I REALLY want to like this game but it has been one frustrating mission after another with no hope.Just an FYI, I'm playing on vet status (the second level of difficulty).  I can't even imagine playing on the other levels of difficulty.."
76561197984985614,Not Recommended,268500,21257260,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,bodil,"Fix the god awful hit mechanics.95% chance for you to hit a target from point blank will miss half the time.Think your safe sitting in 100% cover with hunker down activated 20 tiles away from an npc? Wrong, let's crit you in the face for full health."
76561198006516173,Not Recommended,268500,21173708,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DER GORF,"HINT: If you are dissatisfied with the vanilla game, try the mod ""Longwar 2"" from the STEAM workshop, I did that, it feels almost like an entirely different, better, game.- Original Review -This game is full of game breaking bugs, wait until it gets patched before you buy it. :(- EDIT -Ok so the bugs or at least almost all of them can be worked auround by saving the game at the point it is broken and immediately reload that game. It isn't pretty since the loading times are not exactly short but it kinda works.All that remains now are the usual glitches like aliens spotting and shooting you through walls and floors, game freezes because of stuff like units taking damage from falling damage and ending up in some kind of furniture, etc. etc.I believe there's an entire redit XCOM 2 Megathread where all the bugs are listet but those are the ones that will be encountered the most.Other than that it's actually a nice game. Not as good or fun as the original, mind you, but still nice.But, if you are not a fan of the new series, I'd suggest you wait for the next steam sale until You can pick it up at a cheaper price.- EDIT 2 -So why am I still not giving it a thumbs up? Easy, it's not worth 49 bucks. Right now it's worth  maybe 40, 35 would actually be a fair price. But not 49 that's just plain too expensive.- EDIT 3 -So, there's a new update on the horizon. From what I am hearing it's quite substantial, if that is true the game would actually be worth it's money. I'll check again once the update is out it might just change this review to a thumbs up review. :)"
,Not Recommended,268500,24686027,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Onbashira,"The end user loves it when the game ""gets"" them.A concious descision was made to include nasty surprises in the enemy design.  Which would be okay, in a game that wasn't about trying to maintain time and dudes.  Even if the player doesn't inherently feel robbed for being blindsided, the surprise is lost after the first time playing so any fun from that would be lost.  It really just makes an obnoxious learning curve for little to no gain.On top of that habits from the first game are punished.Oh and the game is glitchy.  I had a cryssalid attack my guy from 10 squares away.  That's another way to lose forever my guy I spent hours leveling up that makes me feel super great about the game.In short, the game is frustrating in ways that don't create a compelling sense of adversity.  Darkest Dungeon feels much more fair, while intending to be a much more punishing game."
76561198305053485,Not Recommended,268500,30843269,Posted: 30 March,all,Laazarwolf,"Just saying what a lot of others are saying.  I like stratagey games, challenging stratagey games, but when you position your troops perfectly, in cover, with the best possible shot at the enemey and they still shred your group like you were running naked in the open, that's crap.  You might as well run your whole squad into the middle guns blazing becasue you MIGHT take out an enemy or two that way, unless you squad panics of course, and then gets mind controlled, and then after death your troops are reanimated to fight against you.  Oh did you want to control any of the actions of your squad?  Too bad.  Also you'll be constantly mad at the RNG.  Stratagey? Nah, just go roll some dice and watch an anime were everybody dies, you'll get the same result.  Oh, I suppose there's a story too, but you won't get to see it cause you won't beat the levels.  A lot of hype for a hot mess."
76561198006643481,Recommended,268500,31130906,Posted: 14 April,all,leedham,"Far Better than XCOM Enemy Unknown.Lots of new stuff and some great ideas added.Game balance is much better then the previous version.Bought when on discount, well worth the investment."
76561198010602229,Recommended,268500,21046307,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,FRÖZTRÖLL,"There are very few games I've come back to seeking that vicious cycle of: glory, hubris, pain, regret, dread, and glory again and again. I don't see myself as a masochist, but since XCOM: Enemy Unknown, I've found myself hungering for games that remind I'm not that I'm king of the world, but still make me feel like it whenever I conquer it's mounting challenges. Even after Enemy Unknown's initial launch in 2012, I found myself playing it again and again even after beating it the first time, not to mention with the equally exciting Enemy Within expansion in 2013. I didn't think another game would give me that same sense of accomplishment and make me fight to attain it, but I was wrong.In 2016, XCOM 2 reminds me again and again why I love this franchise.XCOM 2 is not XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Sure, it cover-based shooting and powerful alien weaponry mixed with dice rolls and failed 96% shots, but this game more than Enemy Unknown keeps you constantly wishing you were everywhere at once. XCOM 2 doesn't run you through every single system like EU, and some systems won't be as apparent the first time around, but failure and learning are one and the same here. I died a little when I realized the plate armor upgrade carried over to my entire personnel after several hours of playing and several more casualties had already transpired.But I realized how deftly X2 ripped off the training wheels when I couldn't simply sell off my wares to the Gray Market right before a crucially timed mission across the continent.That being said, some additions to the game make combating the alien-infested earth a much more attainable task. I was unsure of how much the concealment mechanic would change my playstyle, or if I would take advantage of it at all. But there is almost nothing more satisfying than setting up an overwatch ambush and seeing the aliens drop from your well placed death-nest of sniper shots and cannon fire.I can ramble on and on about this game, and once I have finished the game I'll be able to confirm if my mad ravings are more than just a fanatical sales-pitch or rose-tinted ad libs. Until then, it's good to be back. I for one will be playing this game for a very long time, and enjoying the regretful deaths and mistakes every step of the way."
76561198006086771,Recommended,268500,21044780,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DrissX,"Recently finished the game on Commander.I like it a lot and see it overall as a big improvement.Short summary:-Big Step up from Enemy Unknown in difficulty, a lot of people are going to have trouble with it because Enemy Unknown was a cake walk in comparison. It's not as hard as the Long War mod for the original, but its definately up there, just less mindless grinding than long war had is the greatest difference.-Poor preformance issues all round, I turned down the big killer AA, but otherwise had everything else on high. I have a medium-high end rig, nothing amazing. I had around 40 fps constant, but sometimes it dipped pretty far. Annoying, but will probably be patched. Some people can't play at all which obviously needs to be fixed. The min specs are way below what they should have been given though.-Much more action packed and tactical than Enemy Unknown, people hate the timers, theres a mod that removes it or gives you four more rounds. Personally I didn't have a problem with it, made me seriously tactically consider things far more than the orginal. I lost three people to timers, holding the line while my squad escaped. Love it. Some people will hate it becuase they want to go 100+ rounds spamming overwatch, doesnt work anymore I'm afraid.-There are bugs, most definately. And then there are ""bugs"". The glass window two tiles over from your evac zone breaks due to ambient destruction and your evac point gets moved accross the map causing you to lose the mission. Thats a bug. The Vipers pulling you through walls but they can logically 'target' you and you them is not a bug people, get over it, you positioned poorly. Knocked out units been uncarriable so you lose them in evac is another big bug, happens fairly rarely though in my experience.Overall I think its a huge leap forward and I really enjoyed it. A few patches for performance and bug fixing and it will be extremely solid. They could 'perhaps' tweak the difficulty on lower settings but I found Commander competitive and hope Legendary will be even more fun.I'd give it a 8.5/10, 9/10 with a few performance patches."
,Recommended,268500,24944056,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Frosh,"As far as the actual game is concerned, XCOM 2 is a significant step forward from XCOM EU and EW.  The changes to gameplay I feel are well thought out and provide a somewhat different but definitely XCOM feeling.My only real issues lay with the bugs encountered throughout the game.  Graphical glitches aside (that's always part of the XCOM fun for me anyway), bugs with cover detection and the inability sometimes to pick up unconscious troops can cause severe irritation.Also missed the interceptor component, and would have liked to see a true base defense mission.Can't wait for terror in the deep..."
76561198031085286,Recommended,268500,21194265,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,aegro.elfboy,"What can be  said i am on my second playthrough of this game it has  consumed a whole week of my life he he.i love the challenge and guerilla nature of the game.   the  turn limits make sense and  are more realistic then the overwatch  camping tactic some players use. overwatch has it's uses but  used smartly. the best things is every class is vry useful in getting the job done (praises to my specialist) . i guess im lucky the game has run well for me frm the start.but the graphics are amaising and  the battlefield very complex.1) most challenging moment  early on just got my 5th squad slot  did a tough mission with 2 soldier unconcious fun having to slowly carry them out to the evac spot setting them down  from time to time to fight off reinforcements.2) next mission had to use a rookie he looked  a clerk type thin, pale, and balding . I gave him a med kit hoping for the best.  he survived  and the sadistic power's that be decided to make him a grenadier. later on he earned the nick name Big Country.3) one of my favorite squadies took a bad hit when she got  off the sick list , her face was covered in scars. nice for the game to take note of her injuries."
,Recommended,268500,34695008,Posted: 2 September,all,NelyL,Great game! I suggest getting it : )
76561198031206803,Recommended,268500,34469750,Posted: 24 August,all,ADMBtheAmazing,Absolutely fantastic game that takes everything about the first game and pushes it to 11. There is something to be said for how ridicolously powerful your soldiers can become but overall its still an incredibly fun game.
76561198065157505,Recommended,268500,25104349,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Daniel,Very good game. Very much like the first one yet improves on almost anything.
76561198025710267,Recommended,268500,25249247,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Father Julian,"This game is perfection,I love it and I recommend it to anyone who has played the previous Xcom or who likes turn based strategy games."
76561198057918559,Recommended,268500,34688741,Posted: 2 September,all,Tours732,XCOM: Enemy Unknown was a great game. XCOM 2 basically took EU and expanded it in every way possible. XCOM 2 is bigger and better in almost every way. I am especially impressed by all of the cool customization you can do to your soldiers. The game has been out for over a year and it still feels new and crisp. The devs fixed all of the bugs at release and now the game runs as smooth as butter.
76561197976891582,Not Recommended,268500,29036196,Posted: 5 January,all,freshy,"I loved XCOM 1 EU and EW. So it was no question for me to also try out XCOM 2. Sadly the game is a huge disappointment to me.Why?- Technical issues: Real poor optimization and performance. The game constantly drops below 30 fps on high settings. I have a 970 GTX running Battlefield 1 constantly above 60 fps. Come on, nobody can tell me the game looks so nice (what it doesn't) that my computer is too bad. Frequent crashes.- It seems the designers took XCOM 1 as reference and constantly thought ""how can we stress the player more, how can we make the game just a more stress and painful experience?"". In almost every mission you have these ***** timers. I enjoyed it a lot in XCOM 1 to just prepare my squad for a battle, carefully look ahead, try to get my team into good positions and really take my time. I hate it that XCOM 2 is constantly telling me to hurry up. The new feature that your squad is disguised doesn't help too much, cause all the ****** time the squad is detected anyway.- The game feels just too unfair. I have no problem with hard games, but with XCOM 2 I constantly had the feeling that somehow I have no chance to perform better. The soldiers performance in the early game is so poor, the abilities are just useless. Those soldiers are blind, dumb and have useless abilities. Who is sending such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s into battle? Shot percentages above 70% are really rare, > 90% shots are misses ALL THE TIME. Those soldiers seem to be really, really blind! It just sucks and was way better solved in XCOM 1.As you may see I'm really frustrated with this game. Unfortunetely to me, I recognized to be ****ed up by the game after 10 hours. Tried to get a Steam refund now anyway, even if I got it on holiday sale cheaper. It's just not worth it."
76561197966550440,Recommended,268500,25165878,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,GrieferGrundyy,"I got this game in the recent steam weekend sale for £19.99 and can honestly I would have been happy paying full price for it.First of all I am not a guy who plays a lot of strategy games however the notion of fighting back against alien occupiers appealed to be greatly. When I finally jumped in I was met with a great story and amazing gameplay mechanics which keeps me coming back.The game can be brutal, but I feel this adds to the sense of achievement you feel once you do actually complete a mission (with at least one person alive ha!).I would say to anyone who is in the same boat as me to give it a try, at least when it comes back on sale again. You owe it to yourself."
,Recommended,268500,25157297,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The Legendary Tibs,AYYLMAO 2: Prepare to miss edition
,Recommended,268500,34683062,Posted: 2 September,all,❦Xeonzsღ💕,"You can get this base game for just 20 euros right now!For this price it's a must buy, this is one of THE BEST turn based strategy action games in recent time.I highly recommend the game, due to it's superb mechanics and content plus the massive mod community that has put out many high quality mods to enhance or tweak your experience.Whana fight the as crazy clows? You can.Whana fight as Spartans against the aliens? You can.Want to bring ridiculous weapons and fight more enemies, on more different kinds of maps? You can!"
76561198036277282,Recommended,268500,21131551,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,willieshat,"This is a worthy successor to EU/EW/Long War. The Devs opened th egame so much for mods and the modding community has really taken the ball and run with it. I've not had the graphics trouble that many users are having, but I sympathize and hope that Firaxis has some serious patching in the works. This is a really fun game, brutally hard sometimes, but well worth the challenges."
76561197970595465,Recommended,268500,21117156,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Papa Mazdamundi,"As a huge fan of XCOM: Enemy Unknown, my expectations for the sequel were astronomical.They did not disappoint.Its the classic sequal route, more but better.The game is about as hard as playing chess against a six-armed bear with the brain of Bobby Fischer while balancing a plate of hollow eggs on your head at gunpoint.The workshop is shaping up to be pretty great, and will keep me coming back for more.Even all the things the aspect that everyone is up in arms about, the unceasing timers and turn limits, are pretty good design. They force you out of your comfort zone and make you think about everything you do, making you experiment with new strategies.The one downside is the abhorrent optimization. Like, its really terrible. 25 fps while im on the avenger? On a PC exclusive game? What? Luckily with a few tweaks you can have it up and running at an enjoyable framerate, and its not like the game is reflex based so its not really that big of an issue to begin with.UPDATE: Wow, my save games got corrupted out of nowhere, so I guess thats a restart for me. Seriously, how did this game launch in this state?!2nd UPDATE: Incredible. I cant run the final mission. Crash to desktop everytime. Unbelievable. I know I already said it, but how does a game launch like this? This is unfathomable. Crash every time, and I cant seem to fix it. Firaxis, we need a patch. Now.3rd Update: Most of the bugs are now ironed out, the workshop is flourishing, and while the DLC is a bit weak, its a fun game nontheless. Lots of replay value, similar to Enemy Unknown. Thumbs up from me!"
76561198109108692,Recommended,268500,21133138,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,fhfatpku001,"I am longwar fans (600+ h ),  I've been played this game for 20+ h. And sorry for my bad english.Suggestion: Do not start with Legendary + ironman, it's a new game, and they change the gameplay style in every aspect (tactic strategy, research tree, and research-gear relation, etc)So far I am pretty satisfied with all those IMPROVEMENTs. The reseaon I call it IMPROVEMENT rather than change are the following:1. Strategy: which is the most complaints about. However, to me, is not. Someone complain, there is always a timer for most of the games (maybe 7 out of 10). If you play longwar or vanilla, you spend a lot of time on searching the enemy, which is pretty boring. This may be is why they put a timer and decrease the map size, meanwhile increase the complexity. In this way, you just focus on ""what the hell, How could I get out of here safely?"" when you've done this, together with some LOOT, you will gain a lot of fun and sastisfactory. Every mission last for 20-30mins average. Some mission will last for 1 h. The game strategy rely more on your understanding of the following: a) Enviroment, not just cover and destroy cover, sometimes, a Perfects gernade will change everything (4+4 damage is possible!), especially in the start. there are many examples for you to discover. b) your understanding of the class builds, and every item(all of them are pretty useful), and each of the class plays its role in the gameplay. (compare with vanilla within, super hero-""sniper"") c)Playstyle is various, Overwatch is not always the best way to kill the enemy, so does ranger. you will always have more and better choices, there is not a unique pattern to follow. And this is also why I suggest not choose ironman at first, you can discover many strategies.2. DifficultyPersonally, I suggest longwar verterans starts with commander, famillar with  and gain some knowledge about the game(especially the research tree and mission choise). Because xcom 2 wiki is now under development, it's almost impossible to beat the legendary ironman.The Auto Save and Load design is pretty good, especially for those who rely on S/Ls. I mean, you never focus on when should I save? (S/L gurantee hits is a bad habit, xcom 2 will help you get rid of this)Find the diff level most suitable for you which also means minimize the S/L times. Be preparing for the final xcom experience ironman. (when xcom 2 wiki is complete, I will start Leg+ ironman)What do you think about Legendary Diff? I think it is suitable, but it's not for the beginners, seriously. If you are interested in that diff, you can search youtube, like Mr. Odd's(recommended), or some twitch channals.3. Research + ""New Foundry""-Proving Ground + Loot/Gear System.The new gear systems is pretty fun. the relation between those 3 is very neat. (I am pretty sure they gain the idea from LONGWAR). But I should say, there are still more space to improve.  Just enjoy it.4. Missions: Becareful about the choices, especially in Commander and Legendary Difficult.It's not just as easy as ""rush satallites"" in within. Someone complains about the design, think, I've been already super frustrated about the tactic strategy, can you give me some ""non-frustration"" time? Maybe this is a point for those modder and developer to think about.Currently the game design is: ""You will not have anytime to take a deep breath, aleins have already take control the world."" You must stop this, although it is ""IMPOSSIBLE"".5. Bugs: A Lot of bugs...crushes is pretty common. Some bugs are funny, like, sometimes the enemy are ""stunned"", you name it...So may be it's not  the time to start the ""Ultimate Xcom Experience: Ironman""LAST, I believe after some patches and mods, this game will become a ""must buy"".   Besides, there will be a LONGWAR mod to make it Legendary."
,Recommended,268500,21205948,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Grognak The Barbarian,Very good
,Recommended,268500,21119454,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Bit31,"Everythink I wanted for XCOM 1:-Destructible Terrain-Procedurally Generated Maps-More freedomI'd definitelly recommend, such an improvement from XCOM1."
,Recommended,268500,20981358,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tudhalyas,"UPDATE 17/09/2016: After playing the game again with some performance patches and all the planned DLCs out, I can say that most performance issues have been solved and the game runs better than ever.My only gripe is about the DLCs. For the price that is being asked by 2K / Firaxis, the amount of content is certainly not much, especially when compared to what Enemy Within was for the original XCOM: Enemy Unknown game from 2012. Buy the DLCs only if you really, really, **really** want to or when the Deluxe edition of XCOM 2 is on sale. More info about the DLCs in my review for the XCOM 2 Reinforcement Pack.-----The king of turn-based strategic-tactical games is back, and it's better than ever!Imagine everything that makes XCOM Enemy Unknown the great game that it is, and make it even bigger: the strategic portion of the game has grown even more:1) now you don't have just to expand the Avenger -- your (mobile) base of operations -- but you have to consider a consistent lack of resources, both in terms of materials and manpower, which you mostly recruit through VIP extractions missions around the globe;2) you have to plan your moves carefully as conducting missions require moving the Avenger. This takes time, and time is most likely the most scarce resource of all, as the aliens now are much more active in trying to hinder XCOM's efforts, through the Avatar Project and the so-called Dark Events -- initiatives that either target XCOM directly, like a direct assault against the Avenger, or power-ups given to the ADVENT coalition troops.The tactical layer is also expanded and more interesting:1) the newly introduced concealment mechanic allows for the setup of ambushes;2) your troops can now be customized down to the tiniest detail, from their own physical appearance to their outfits; base weapons are now also further customizable through mods that you can retrieve through missions. A proper full inventory management isn't present, but this still feels way more satisfying than what XCOM:EU had to offer.3) ADVENT troops and their alien masters are absolutely terrifying and a challenge to tackle: they are more powerful, more aggressive and more intelligent than ever before. Prepare to defend against constant flankings!The only thing that prevents XCOM 2 from being perfect is a sub-optimal optimization for certain hardware configurations that will be surely fixed within a reasonable time.TL;DR: if you loved the previous game or you like tactical games in general, do yourself a favor and get this game!My vote: 9.5 / 10"
,Recommended,268500,21006719,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Murtag,"Just completed the game, there is a couple of smaller issues (mostly ui/camera stuff) but dosent really damage the gameplay. A great game and well worth the money. Looking forward to all the mods that will have their way with this game and make it a even better game.a solid 5/7 game , a perfect score ! ;)"
76561198078453800,Recommended,268500,34633627,Posted: 31 August,all,EZ KATKA,Nice game
,Recommended,268500,21030093,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,R.,"+ More x-com+ More customisation+ Seems to be harder in difficulty+ Combat and tactical decision weighing feels better.+ MORE X-COM+ Random generated maps, making every playthrough different.+ MODS / Workshop support- Some optimisation issues ( can be fixed with some config editting and hopefully future patches)- Some time based missions are really tight(-) STUNLANCERS FFFF♥♥♥♥♥K"
,Not Recommended,268500,31006169,Posted: 7 April,all,NickIGS,Let's start by saying that I love the modern XCOM franchise. The sequel is tragically difficult but oh so satisfying. Unfortunately this game client is completely broken. Anytime a CG fight sequence occurs the game crashes. I became frustrated by the frequency of these crashes and stopped playing this game waiting for an upgrade.I now have 32gb of ram ddr3. 1070 graphics card.... Still broken.
,Not Recommended,268500,28679462,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,"Vivien ""Remon""","Well I bought this game on christmas paying extra for the DLC  since I was a fanatic of the first XCOM and wanted to get the full expierence with the second one. However as you can tell im 30 minutes in and already writing a review with a thumbs down. You may ask why? Well for starters I will say that the moment I started the game up I already had problems. Needed to open task manager and close it out. Restarting the game about 2 times I finally got it to open and changed the graphics around ( My computer can run games like this very well so dont blame my pc ) and restarted the game to get the full changes to update. Open up the game again ( finally get it to work ) and start the tutorial, playing half way through I get a skype call which I answer and try tabbing back into the game which resulted in the game constantly cutting out the sound and me having to once again restart. So then I try for another 4 times trying to open this game up and I couldnt. The best I was able to do was get to the main menu and not being able to click on any button ( nothing registered ). Im pretty upset not for just the preformance but not checking the recent reviews which also show people having the same problem ( some saying from the december update ). Im debating on just refunding this game and paying for something that does actually work."
76561198060496130,Recommended,268500,21014415,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kurtarian,Had a squad of 4 personal friends of mine.  Friend 1 got mind controlled which led to him shotgunning friend 2 to death.  Then dead friend 2 was raised as a Psi Zombie so friend 1 had to shotgun him to redeath after friend 3 killed the sectoid mind controlling friend 1.  Friend 4 blew a hole in a wall letting friend 3 and him take cover while friend 1 (feeling guilty about his actions towards friend 2) put the corpse of friend 2 on his back and made it to evac despite 2 enemies shooting at him in overwatch just so he could give his friend a proper burial.  Friend 3 and 4 were captured by the aliens and never seen again.10/10 Would do again
,Recommended,268500,21051038,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[bhtp]Ataman,"Rarely I write a review for a game, but I think this one earned it.First off: There is a lot of discontent going around, mainly because of the mission timers, doom timer and perfomance issues.I have a GTX 760 and while some perfomance drops are noticeable they don't really hinder your gameplay experience.The game certainly doesn't look incredible with AA turned off it's still nice to look at and fun to play. Also, since this is a Firaxis game you can pretty much expect a perfomance patch in the next few weeks or even days.The timers are a whole different subject. Many people hate them, so do I. From a logical standpoint, the timers are total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Somehow the supply convoy you're about to raid is rigged to explode in a few minutes, despite the fact the enemy doesn't even know you're there. You're concealed after all. Reinforcements under way? Wait what? Reinforcement against whom? The unknown force which nobody knows about?The alien transmitter only has 8 turns left before it sends out all the data of your operations? It takes hours to get there but the transmitter always finishes a few minutes after your squad drops in. Since these turns would only take seconds in a real scenario this is completely ridiculous.Sadly however, many players just go ahead and moan all day instead of taking 2 minutes and get the DisableTimers mod from the workshop. (Or the TimerTweaks mod if you still want them but less stressful).Seriously, it's that easy, your problem is gone with the click of a button. Turn up your difficulty to compensate and you're set for a great experience without any illogical stress.The doom timer needs editing in the config files of the game which may be an issue for less experienced people but if you're willing to take that step you can tweak those as well. If you don't, no biggie, in my current experience on classic difficulty the doom timer doesn't seem to be that threatening. Don't get me wrong it's fast and really tries to stress you out but it gets much easier after learning how to deal with it.The doom timer, from a logical standpoint, is again totally illogical of course. It took the aliens 20 years to get there but now they're finishing in a few months.About the gameplay itself:If you liked XCOM:EU you will love this one. They took many features from the predecessor and fleshed them out. There are many improvements like the fact that you don't have to fabricate every piece single piece of armor. Instead you get your armor upgrades for everyone while still having to option for unique armor pieces through different means.All in all a great experience if you're willing to take 2 minutes before starting your campaign."
,Recommended,268500,21012246,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mad Sops,"This is a very solid improvement over Xcom Enemy unknown. If you liked the last game, you will very much like this one. If you didn't, maybe consider buying it on sale or looking at twitch streamers first to get a feel for it. I wholeheartedly recommend this. 10/10"
76561197997599091,Recommended,268500,34247273,Posted: 14 August,all,Travis McGee,"This is a badass game and hell yes I recommend it.I am stoked about the update coming out in 3...2...however many hours left until the launch, but the original has been a blast to play. The vanilla was plenty replayable, but add the tweaks available through the hard work of modders and you've got a game that is the gift that keeps on giving.There are a hundred other posts explaining the gameplay, so no need to go into that. The main thing is if you are not one of these ""fast twitch"" game players, if you hate having to remember a dozen differnt key combinations to attack, defend, cast spells or what have you, if you like a little chess-like stragetgy to go along with blowing aliens apart, then friend this is the game for you."
76561198003242293,Recommended,268500,20962568,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Gestapo Hunter,A great entry into xcom! except one thing....Bradfort is still alive!!!and hes even more annoying now!! WHY!!!1!!!111!! NO GOTY FOR YOU FIRAXES!!!
,Not Recommended,268500,24451956,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ChakaRazer,"Been an Xcom fan for years. I liked the pre soldier-class based fighting, fighting strickly more on resource management. The new style does add a significant entertaining aspect. I felt the old games we're more of a straight up fight, rather than the somewhat, ♥♥♥♥♥foot♥♥♥♥♥♥ it takes to win since Xcom came out on Xbox. Don't get me wrong though, it's entertaining and fun; but to run it, well, let's just say it's not so 'chess' anymore, sigh.But this Xcom2 is good. For loyal Xcom fans, and those that will put up with this fight style: sniper, bomber, utility, ninja, this game is allright.Room for improvement:-Still no CoOp campaign, figure it out-No real chances were taken. Same game, better story, better graphics, more creative. Improvement? Yes/No-The alien intigration was built up well with a few choice movies in the beggining. Bring more of that lore throughout to immearse you-more videos.Notable Excellence:-A direct sequal, same plot, same aliens, same protaganist. Those that invested in the first, will be at home-commander.-The fighting mechanics were deepened and enriched significantly. Since they stayed the same, they made it as worth your while as they could.As of the time of this review:-I haven't finished it-I want to play it through on ironman, so it's worth a second runReally though, I'm going to finish this game because I've invested in it and I want to see how they do the ending. I'll play it through on ironman, because that's a cool feature and a superb challenge, punishing even. If they made you play it like that-similar to the original. But overall, if I were the consumer, which I am. I'd rather try something new. TheBureau:XcomDeclassified was a disaster. Do NOT GO in THAT DIRECTION. That's the wrong ♥♥♥♥ing direction. Try a different one. Different direction. But good effort though, good effort. There's a lot of massive exploratory space game developers, doing very interesting things right now Xcom. . ."
76561198024274145,Recommended,268500,20963533,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Viking171986,9/10It would be a 10/10 but you need a decent rig I'm running on bare min and I'm getting massive frame rate drops (I'm not rich and can't afford a good computer.I hope they come out with a patch to better optimize this game but other than that I love it.
76561197974836073,Not Recommended,268500,21501689,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Indigo,"HUGE amounts of bugs and gameplay issues that make it impossible to play. I love XCOM, see how many hours I have on XCOM 1, and was so excited about XCOM 2But the game is frankly an unfinished, buggy mess. Some examples -My solider is on the ground floor, inside a building.  I can see, shoot and kill an enemy through THREE intervening ceilings without actual line of sight. The same happens with the AI in reverse.Then we have situations where a player runs up to cover but instead of hiding behind it, switches to walk up the side of it like spiderman - or in some cases, walks up thin air so he is at a 90 degree angle to the rest of the map. Or gets stuck trapped inside a wall.  OR simply disappears when the move is finished.Coupled with all manner of other impossible shooting & moving issues, colossally stupid AI (I even tried the improvement mod), and absolutely shocking graphics performance on high end kit I'm gutted. Hugely disappointed.I can only show my dissatisfaction in one meaningful way, and that is to get my money back.If they ever fix it, I'll think about coming back.But right now it's horrible.  And that's very sad."
,Recommended,268500,20963643,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Not Mccree,Commander....welcome back
,Recommended,268500,20964421,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,fuck supplicants,Space Nazi Smasher Sim 201610/10 Just make sure your computer can run it.
,Recommended,268500,20963598,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,DXDarkman,Best tactical strategy game 2016! I love this! :)
,Recommended,268500,20963634,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Errors2149,I haven't even started the game and it's already awesome.11/10
76561198252009756,Not Recommended,268500,24481051,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Varien,This game wont even run on optiplex 780 computer. Its a waste of money on my case.
76561198071084600,Not Recommended,268500,21507128,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,nordic.curse,"I can't recommend this game due to all the freezes, crashes and bugs I'm seeing.So far I've managed to complete two missions but usually I can't even get to the combat phase because the game crashes. The most of my in-game time is made up of restarting the game. I've tried it out with two different setups: i7 4720HQ+GTX960m laptop and i7 4790+R9270X (latter one not being on the supported list).I keep coming up with the experience of a unlubed rectal pain that I'm not going to accept from a XCOM game. I've been playing the series since the 90ies and all I can say is I feel betrayed.I'll probably come back to this later hoping the bugs are fixed but I won't be holding my breath.Edit (29.3.):Now with the new updates playability has gotten better, gameplay slow downs are almost nonexistant (on the lowest graphics settings).BUT. The game still crashes without any comment about once per every three missions (seems to only occur in combat phase, and while moving a character), sometimes it fails to launch and occationally freezes in mid launch. I'm reviewing this negatively.Edit 2 (24.4.):Have >100h in the game now, still crashes without warning in mid combat. Starts on every ~third attempt. I guess I have to admit I'm a masocistic addict to keep playing..."
76561198031724543,Not Recommended,268500,21236183,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,manollette,"I've got an hour in, and don't get me wrong, the game itself looks pretty good (though I'm not liking the sound of the time limit everyone's mentioning), but this game was not properly optimized or tested at all.I'm running a GTX980 and am still having slight framerate issues on the higher graphics settings. Combine that with the fact that on my first official mission (the first guerrilla one) the game locked me into the equipment selection screen and wouldn't let me back out to start the mission? I can't recommend this game in its current state. It's completely unforgiveable to release a game with this level of bugs and optimization issues on day one."
76561197961808106,Not Recommended,268500,21146308,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Nuggets,"Xccom 2 has incredible graphics thanks to the unreal world builder and great artistic work by those who deserve credit. That is the only good thing I have to say about Xcom 2.So far in my commander difficulty game I have not enjoyed any of it. Every single mission is the same. You are on rails the entire game. Every map is your squad walking straight across the map, no exploration, you walk directly from point a to point b, every single time. No exploration, you know without question where the enemies are. It's not tactical at all. Every mission has the same enemies and the same ammount of them. Nothing fun about this game and to top that off the dialog is unforgivable. Jake solomon is hands down the worst thing that has ever happened to Xcom. Constant misuse of words in dialog, with no intelligent flow from subject to subject. Just as if Sarah Palin wrote the scripts and then they paid some voice over to read each word of the script. However they only record each word one at a time and paste all the words together so you get the MOST akward dialog at times where you know for a fact that the sentence was spliced together by seperate audio clips. So lazy for a 60dollar game especially a well established game company thats been in business for years, you would expect much more than this.A lot of people complain about performance, I have no issues with performance, but I must note that at times enemy death can take upto 10 seconds. You're just sitting waiting, the death only took 2 of the 10 seconds but you just sit there waiting for the game. It might seem like lag but you can see the soldiers idle animations and frame rate isn't dropped or locked at all. Music mouse ect work just fine but it's as though there is wait time programmed into so much of the animation sequences that the game plays like a poker game where one person is in the other room ALL THE TIME.The worst part about this game is that it's only an intellectual property license which means you can't get a refund for the game and you can't take a literal♥♥♥♥♥♥on it. Because there are only two things that this game would be good for, pooping on it, and returning it for a refund."
76561198118702462,Not Recommended,268500,21203004,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Septimus,Painfull slow on mac.
,Recommended,268500,25912073,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Flxur,"Love it. Its quite hard even on the easiest difficutly. Truly a challenge. If you want to buy a game with loads of content, you never have a break you are always busy, and its hard, then this is the game for you.8.5/10"
76561197973296734,Recommended,268500,30606524,Posted: 18 March,all,morganbritches,"I give XCOM 2 a tentative thumbs up, it reminds me of an annoying kid I played with growing up with and I'll explain why.When I was younger I would play pretend superheoes with a couple of friends and one of them, who we'll call ""Timmy"" for the sake of this review was an only child, whose parents had money and always got him new and shiney stuff. Timmy was kind of spoiled but he had all the best toys, so we tolerated his attitude despite his shortcomings. Whenever we played superheroes each of us would pick a hero you have probably heard of with certain specific and limited powers, for example, I picked Panthero from the Thundercats because he was blue and had nunchuks. There was sort of a gentleman's agreement though, between some of us that this also meant that there were hard counters, so to speak, to our abilities. So, if my other friend, who we'll call ""Mike"" was pretending to be The Human Torch, he would have less strength and agility, but he could shoot fireballs. Creativity and consensus sort of dictated who would win if we battled. The rules were fluid and made up, but there were rules of sorts.Enter Timmy. Timmy would just make s**t up when he was losing. He might be Lion-O and if he got shot with a fireball, he would suddenly decide Lion-O had an ice shield, or he suddenly could shoot lasers back from his eyes and counter the fireballs that way. I remember once, we sort of teamed up on him, because it was the only way to win and he announced he was invincible. There's no counter to that kind of b******t. Did we tolerate it though? Yeah, we got frustrated sometimes, really, really frustrated but he had the cool toys and we did actually like him. So, sometimes we would get really mad and stop playing with him, or go play with someone else but we would eventually come back for more.XCOM 2 is Timmy. You can pretend to be invisible, but Timmy sees you, you can throw a fireball from 10 feet away but Timmy will just declare that you missed. Did you just kill all of Timmy's soldiers? No you didn't b***h, because Timmy just turned the pedestrian next to you in to a giant enemy and suddenly, it's HIS turn and he's going to hit you with his claws that also happen to make the car you are by explode, taking out you and your friends. Thought you showed up all nimbly pimbly on the rooftops, ready to set up the perfect ambush? Well, timmy can see through 4 tinted windows and a skylight and he knows you are there. Is he allowed to do it? Yeah, you agreed to play with him but does it make things immersive and fun? Ehhhh.....I like challenge but not cheese and this game just trololols all over you every chance it gets. Fortunately, there's great modders for it doing great things and the game does provide a solid framework for them to play with. If you aren't super hardcore or don't want any huge setbacks, prepare to savescum and get a mod for it, because it will make you grind your teeth alot."
,Recommended,268500,26623600,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Madbags,"I love XCOM games.I love every aspect of them. I tend to get so emotionally involved in the gameplay I feel sad when it's over.The story, the research, the technology and of course my operatives.This game for me has definitely stayed true to alot of the things I love about XCOM games, dating right back to the classics as well as some of the UFO series games.I have not been disappointed at any point during my playthrough of this game, in fact i think nearly every mission seemed to have something new to discover.I don't need to go into any great detail because it may involve spoilers, so i just want to say that I loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,268500,24835854,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,cosmic cosplayer,"If you played the first game and enjoyed it, you should in theory enjoy this game.Let me explain.The original game had almost no turn counts. This game has quite a few, where you need to compete a mission or complete an objective before the turn counter reaches 0. Not all the stages are like this, as some give you more freedom to camp the spawn like old times. I actually prefer this way better since it forces you to plan even more ahead. making you a better player overall. The game is otherwise almost exactly the same in terms of style, basic game mechanics, and art. Elements like the main map functions are different and more in-depth. Recruiting engineers and scientists is different, you will not be building an item with 150 engineers this time around. These resources are more restricted. This lets you juggle them around strategically between operating a lab or clearing alien debris.I am enjoying this game alot. There are many mods out there in the community to tweak the game however you want. The options are almost endless. I plan to install mods for a 2nd run after completing the main game first."
,Recommended,268500,20968111,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Pacifistay,"Not without its day one bugs, that being said after I was able to stablize my framerate with some tweaks and get to playing it's great. The xcom I grew up loving is back and fresher than ever. Hopefully patches continue to fix the less than steller performance on even high end machines.ProsIts the Xcom formula updated a bit yet kept all the gewd stuff.Beautiful to look at great animations and enemy designs.ConsPerformance issuses at launchNo controller support for a couch relaxing xcom session.Mission timers seem a wee bit short."
76561198030445225,Recommended,268500,20970864,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Kriz,Game of the year of me!
,Recommended,268500,20967575,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rawrcat,"Interesting sequel to an amazing first game. The gameplay has a few improvements which are nice. You don't know if you kill something before you shoot it due to the animation anymore. That was a pretty big annoyance to me, even though it was only a second long animation. You don't have to buy each indivual weapon anymore, but you'll have to buy other equipable items (like medpacs) individually. Buncha other stuff, but it's really nitpicking.The game itself definitely has a new feeling to it. It's not just a rehashed version of XCOM: Enemy Unknown. The world has changed, and so has how you have to play the game. They did a very good job making you feel like you're commanding a rebellion, and I'm enjoying that a lot. The black market is actually a black market... you have to travel to get to it. The immersive aspect of this game is done pretty well.. I've played it for 7 hours straight before I realized it was 4AM. Then my dog got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and I decided to call it quits.There's one big issue for me. I'm running a i7 3.2ghz processor, GTX 770 4Gb, 32Gb of ram and using an SSD to run this game.... which I'm running on medium. There's still a lot of lag on the graphics (and a few other things) ... It's day one, so I'm sure it'll be fixed prompty. Just a little something that irks me. I'd still recommend this game aside from the lag issues because I have faith they'll be fixed pretty quickly.9/10."
76561198153885416,Recommended,268500,20969364,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,hobbober,Similar to sonic.
76561198006922325,Recommended,268500,21139340,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Exitus Acta Probat,"They've made the same mistakes with an almost completely reactive RNG based pseudo-AI and then covered them by railroading the player with an often-ridiculously short amount of turns to complete their objectives in. That said? Once you can get past -that- there's a solid game here with some fantastic new stealth and ambush mechanics and a great story to play through. The modding community is very active and posts new things for the game almost every day, from cosmetics for customizing your soldiers to new equipment, classes and workarounds for the more . . . frustrating mechanics that people seem to be having trouble with.I'm not going to give this one a numeric score because I'm pretty opinionated about games railroading my approach to situations, even if I found myself able to quickly adapt my strategies to a more aggressive approach and overcome them.But you should get it.It's good."
76561198041717898,Recommended,268500,21186863,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kalvin,Bought this on the last day of Lunar Sale only to find out it was not even on sale. Lol 12 hour marathon. 10/10
76561197973055218,Not Recommended,268500,20979154,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Fiddlefox,"I'm not sure where to begin with my review of X-Com 2.I want to talk about the lack of refinements over the previous installment, surely. For all its updated looks, tweaks and an alleged degree of polish, X-Com 2 looks and feels remarkably like 'more of the same'.For me, this isn't entirely a good thing.  I loved Enemy Unknown and Within, don't get me wrong, but these installments never felt like the big budget items they are supposed to be.  They always felt more like indie titles: as if they were developed on a shoestring budget.  They were delightful games but rife with bugs and quirks of varying degrees.It seems downright wrong to me that so many of these quirks are still present in the sequel.  It's as if the developers took the core programming of the game and simply ported it over to a new engine, telling themselves ""Yeah, it's good enough eh?""However, what we get is something that feels less like a sequel and more like...  a face lift.  Maybe it is good enough.  It's just hard for me to write a review, forgetting about all the potential I saw in a title and merely judge it on its own merits.Assume for a moment that I can do this however.  How does X-Com 2 stand on its own?Well, pretty okay I guess.   I mean, it's more X-Com right?  X-Com is good, so logically, X-Com 2 must be good as well?  Right?Damn it.  No.  I'm just now wowed.  I'm not impressed.  I keep playing it, but nearly every turn I experience something that puts this bitter taste in my mouth and I just... keep playing XCOM 2 out of some demented sense of obligation.I get so damned angry listening to Bradford and Shen tell me to do things I'm actively trying to accomplish.  I'm so disapointed every time I see a character clip through an object, shoot through one, or float in space.  I'm sick of seeing Stun Lancers forget all about their rifles and launch suicidal melee attacks on my squaddies.  I'm tired of melee attacks in general.  I'm just so heartbroken at the complete lack of attention to detail.I'm sorry.  I can't give it a thumbs up.  I won't.  It just doesn't deserve it.  For any reason."
,Recommended,268500,21071304,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,=:GS:= cyrax671,"This xcom 2 seem to be cater to those ultra fan that played Xcom in ironmad with hard-mode.Very 'rage-quit' moment from those rng timer and rng 'acc' even in beginner or normal mode.The mechanic is interesting about concealed and the story is ok, personal opinion not has ""good"" as those old one.I hope they will fix those bug shortly,atm I rate this game 7.5/10"
76561198176231623,Recommended,268500,21185355,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Cyrenn2,"How a game can be released in this day'n age and have coonection issues is beyond me. Lag is bad, very bad. However like all games it is a problem that can be fixed in later life. all i can say is it's Xcom 1 but better, is has everything good about the previous game and adds on it, good graphics - New aleins - diferent soilders and overall great story. Worth the money, however a bit of free DLC wouldn't hurt (Wink, Wink)"
76561198007310186,Recommended,268500,21185568,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ThreeDog Knight,"+++Edited Feb 27 for Summary+++1. Similar mechanics to XCom EU, reskinned mostly for the better2. Awesome tactical combat3. Annoying mechanics that interrupt gameplay4.  Someone shoot Bradford (There are mods that will shut him up)5.  Expanded use of mission timers adds tension, but to me it feels heavyhanded (again, can be modded out).++++++Okay, I am not going to say that this game is flawless.  In fact, by time this is over (if you read all of my review) you might think I hate the game due to its annoyances, but you would be wrong.  It's another awesome XCOM game.Despite the big change in the premise, the game mechanics are much like the XCOM from a few years back.  The premise is that you lost the original XCOM game, the commander (you) got captured and was imprisoned by the evil aliens who set up a velvet gauntlet world government.  Some of  XCOM remains as a resistance who fights the aliens with little success for 20 years.  The 'some remaining' part is Central Officer Bradford, who in the previous game was your chief of staff who briefed you on missions and showed up in a lot of cutscenes.  They re-voiced actored and reskinned him so that he went from a pencil neck support guy to some generic G.I. Joe type.  For some reason, Bradford decides that they only way the resistance can survive is to rescue the guy who lost the last war for them (you), and that's where the game begins.The guts of the game will be very familiar to players of the old game.  You have a squad of up to six members.  Instead of an underground base that you can expand to add new capabilites, you have a mobile spaceship that you clear out to add new capabilities.  Instead of a doom clock tracking angry countries who turn their back on XCOM, you have a sinister alien project that fills in little red boxes - when they are all filled the game ends, but if you do specific missions you can un-fill boxes.  Instead of building facilties to launch satellites to add countries and their revenue, in XCOM2 you add comm rooms to spread your defiant message to new areas of the subjugated world.  You also reasearch and build new technologies to upgrade your squad's weapons, like in the old game.Some of the tinkering changes I like.  The have new classes, which are also mostly improvements.  Some are familiar, but the speicalist is a big change that worked for me.  Like the orignal, most classes generally have two training tracks -- specialists can focus on taking out mechanical creatures (vital in this game) or healing your squad.  But also, they have some decent general combat cacabilities such as some overwatch bonuses.  They are also the best at hacking enemy facilities and possibly getting good personal or squad bonues.  Or, if they screw up, they can give the aliens adantages.The changes to base building are generally good too. In the old game if you wanted new scientists or engineers, you either bought them through facility upgrades, or got them through missions.  They were all faceless and nameless.  In XCOM2, you can recruit them from places on the map or rescue them from missions.  They all have names and their own appearce.  Moreover, they changed how engineers work.  In the old XCOM they were part of an equation on how fast you build stuff and were packed into the labs like Jack's Links in an economy pack.  Now, you can upgrade the effectivness of most of your facilties by assigning an specific engineer to a specific facility.  This is kind of scary when you assign an engineer to the med bay so your soldiers will heal faster.  Dear Firaxis:  Ability to build bridge does not equal ability to perform surgery on human being.In general, the base building I think is an improvement on the old XCOM, but the combat, which is the meat and drink of XCOM is still good - in fact it's better.  I have never had as many fun, interesting tactical challenges and fun responses to those challenges as I have experienced in this game.   The different ways of opening up a can on alien butt is astounding.  I personally like explosions, so I carry a squad heavy in grenadiers who strip away armor and weaken the bad guys so my other squad members can mop up.  They also added more useful pistol skills to the sharpshooter to give them more tactical flexibility.  Rangers have some pretty amazing close quarter skills, and psi guys can unload lots of white-haired, purply awesomness.  There is a thread on the forums about favorite XCOM2 moments that will demonstrate just how versatile, fun and rewarding the combat is.Some parts of the game are no so much fun.  The game seems to be designed to too frequently rip the controls out of your hands and show you things that you already know or don't care about.  For example, most of the strategic game involves flying to a part of the world map to pick up supplies, start missions, etc.  These actions typically take time.  While you are doing this, the game keeps interrupting you to tell you about side missions, new supplies, or alien progress in their doomsday weapon.  It doesn't do this by just having a message on the screen or an announcement -- no, it highjacks your screen through a cutscene or force-scrolls you over to some other part of the map like the middle of the pacific or wherever.  Then you have to manually scroll back to whatever you we doing.  It does this a lot, and its annoying.Second, I am not sure why the world got overrun after XCOM, but I'm going to blame Bradford.  Not because its his fault or anything, but because he is an annoying, bossy little twit.  Even more than XCOM, his voiceover druing missions is aggravating.  For example, there are missions where the aliens are attacking reistance settlements.  To 'win' the mission, the aliens can't kill more than 6 civilians.  At civilian death #1 he starts screaming that the civilan casusalties are ""massive"" AND YOU MUST DO SOMETHING NOW.  He does this several times again in this mission as more unfortunates on the other side of the map die.  He also similarly hyperventalates during every other timer mission.    When you are in a nasty firefight while he is at home in his comfy chair, it gets a little hard to take.On this issue of timers, there has already been a lot written so I won't spend much time on them except to say I have mixed feelings.  I played vanilla throughout my first playthrough and disliked being on the clock.  Also, XCOM is a tactical game about squad combat.   I don't think charging into 60% of all missions at full bore while some desk jocky screams ""Hurry, hurry, hurry.  My god, the damage, the casulaties..."" into your ear is the culmination of 2000 years of tactical doctrine.  However, I never really had a problem meeting the deadlines, and a part of me also says the combat would not be as fun and as engaging without that artifical sense of drama.  On my next playthrough I've decided not to load one of the mods that extend or remove the timers.  But you can if you want, its really up to you.In short this game is a must for anyone who likes tactical, turn-based combat, and I hope you enjoy it as much as I do."
76561198015639586,Recommended,268500,21186536,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,magnatjd,"- Optimization is awful (13.02.2016). Two 780 Ti SLI video cards can hardly provide 30 fps.- Impressive difficulty balancing (game completed on Legendary with no losses)- Main advantage and at the same time disadvantage of the game is time-limited missions. Without those, however, the game would turn into pseudo-strategy about 5 snipers and 1 scout. Number of such missions is quite high, so it gets annoying quickly (similar to shooting those endless small scout ships in previous XCOM series that require you to land and kill lonely sectoid, that generally turns into a lot of time wasted).- No scenario analysis in this review, I think it's all subjective.- TL;DR Highly recommended to XCOM fans (oh, well, you already have it, otherwise you are not a fan), turn-based strategies fans (due to good difficulty balancing) and everyone who likes good strategy games."
,Recommended,268500,21043945,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Puck,"Pros: Nice graphics, great interface, love the customization, overall a nice game.Cons: Continuously crashes to the desktop at random points during the game. No consistent interval between crashes, nor is it always at the same point in a mission. After each crash I verify the game cache and there will be one or two files that are missing. Redownload the files, go back into the game, everything's fine for a few missions, then the same thing happens again."
,Recommended,268500,23573341,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Falcon,"Well it's another XCOM, but is that bad, not really.This a well done tactile unit comanding game with new tactics and ideas added onto the previous title and it's well deserved done, feature wise. Still it's an XCOM game and has its camera and little bugs but NOTHING game breaking.Pros:- Pretty game- Tacticle- No massive difficult spike- Decent Progression system- Good voice acting- Makes Sense- WORKSHOP SUPPORTCons:- Laggy at time- Graphic Glitches- Camera ProblemsVerdict: 7/10, strong sequel allowing for more to be easily added. Can only get better from hear and the new DOC only adds"
,Not Recommended,268500,28147224,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ScumBunny,"While the game itself appears to be an improvement over the previous XCOM in almost every way from graphics to gameplay, the game unfortunately crashes every single time, freezing the computer and requiring a reboot.This as well as stuttering and regular crashes appear to be known issues that have even now not been patched yet.There's just no justification for a game to be this unstable so long after it has been released.Edit: After veryfting my local files and modifying the video settings many, many times I managed to get the game to the point it doesn't constantly crash, only stutters badly. Still not great."
,Recommended,268500,20967562,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,VegetaFH1,"Absolutely love the game, spent 2ish hours last night just starting up the game and going through the TuTThe only thing about the game so far is the grenades.... they are locked to tiles now instead of being free thrown, which turns out to be a big problem, ill let u guys see it for urselvesOther then the grenades, its a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,268500,20967581,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Echo,"So far, so good. Engaging strategy layer, tactical layer is fun as ever (Missed 3x 90+ shots so far). Performance is a little problematic, random lag / stutter is not uncommon. Also loading times between strategic and tactical (and vice versa) are *just* enough to be noticable. Not nearly as bad as some (looks meaningfully at Bloodborne), but it's still just enough to get annoying.Furthermore, 2.2hrs in, I have had my first CTD. Transitioned between research and engineering too fast, and I guess I must have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off Tygen enough for him to destroy the entire universe. Sorry bro, wasn't ignoring you.Still, that's what you get for playing it on a potato.All in, excellent game so far - highly recommend."
,Recommended,268500,20968534,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,CarbonWasp,"Wanted to try out the Rangers Sword so with the last Sectoid, i decided now is the time. she ran at him full speed blade drew like a viking aiming for an English monks skull.she connects but leaves it with 1hp. now exposed my ranger is in serious danger. as i fear for her life my sniper comes into play. with no line of sight i am forced to move him. now with pistol in hand and 91.5% chance to blow this alien to hell (with a fancy new revolver) i comand him to fire upon his enemy.he misses. alien turn, Sectoid kills my Ranger.Welcome back commander"
,Recommended,268500,21158400,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Inferno Dialer,"+Easy to get into and familiar to XCOM:EU/EW players+More story in the campaign+Great alien variety+Classes have been reworked, everyone has great skills+To that extent enemies are deadlier and have different behavior+Good procedural map creation+Great Steam Workshop support+Reasonably difficult gameplay+/- RNG is still as cruel as ever-Camera and unit movement still bugs out every now and then-ADVENT soldiers, whilst cool, lack varietyVerdict: It's everything XCOM:EU should've been, it's tough and hard and will ♥♥♥♥ you up if you forgot to use your overwatch, but the gameplay is great and satisfying making you want to do ""just one more mission"""
76561198017157231,Recommended,268500,21158921,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Mescali,"Finally they got rid of the annoying shadow council, and the new touch of full customizing on all the soldiers where brilliant, now I can get the soldiers I want from start without having to buy me a load of soldiers and hope for my nationality to randomly pop up.Graphics: Somehow it did not go smooth even on my awesome game computer, but the glitches where not so annoying that it really mattered.Sound: Guess it was nice, I could not say I noticed any soldier voices that where horrible, then again I am one of the types that get tired of the music and turn it off almost from the start, I did manage to listen to it for a few hours, witch I guess could be called not bad and too intrusive on me.Playability: It really is a pc game this time, not a console, and the game really is rewarded for it. I like the 2 step easy way of handling things, I still kinda miss the good old time units and the difference it made on the classes and soldiers. Geoscape is smooth and the new options for engineers where cool, I would not mind something for the scientists also, I felt they where left out a little.Tactical: Easy controlled soldiers and a nice overview make it not too hard to figure out what to do. I liked the new touch with concealment in the start, it really helps setting up some nice ambushes. One of my favourite styles atm is to let a grenadier take the top of a group, then run in with a ranger with active reaper skill and mow the whole group down with bonus movement and action per kill.Bugs: I did not experience many of them, there where some but the most annoying where when I started assault on the fortress in the end, the game auto saved, but all saves where bugged. Had to start all over when I came back to the computer.Overall: This is a good buy, even if you are new to the franchise, it is not a complicated story you need to play from first game to end."
,Recommended,268500,21159270,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,PwnBlock,"I have mixed feelings about the experimental item development, but other than that my thoughts are all positive, outside of performance issues. Compared to Enemy Unknown/Enemy Within, the enemy designs are very well done.If performance issues are a massive con for you, wait a bit. Otherwise, it's worth investigating sooner rather than later."
,Recommended,268500,21256650,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,mario52fb4,GOOOD
76561198008629870,Recommended,268500,34612933,Posted: 30 August,all,Denazon,"Everything I said in my original X-Com review plus more. This is how a sequel is done. Improves on every part of the first game and turns the dial up to 11. Looking forward to playing the new DLC ""War of the Chosen"". I have faith that is will be a great addition to the game just as ""Enemy Within"" was to the first."
,Recommended,268500,21245644,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,solartraveler160,"Just buy this game if you're a fan of strategy games or the Xcom series even if the framerate's pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Or you could just wait until a patch or two have been put up for this gameStill get this game!March 10 patch: Well, the game crashes when you start the second mission (third mission if tutorial is enabled). May have something to do with the 11 pages of mods. May need to check which mods are compatible with the patch or wait until the next patch comes up."
76561197977484071,Recommended,268500,34766256,Posted: 5 September,all,Severian,"Look, I love XCOM.  It's gotta be up there in my top 5 favorite games of all time (hmmm... Ultima III, Baldur's Gate 2, Civ III, TF2, XCOM?), but why, oh why, does a single campaign need to last so long?  I'm nearing 40 hours for a single campaign, and that just seems absurd.  Firaxis:  some of us are parents, with jobs, and we need to do other sh*t!"
,Not Recommended,268500,30612783,Posted: 19 March,all,ledpup,During the first misson there was an enemy that I couldn't shoot at even though the alien icon was visible. Clicking the icon didn't do anything. A save-reload resolved the issue. Refund requested.
76561198077705876,Recommended,268500,20964173,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,dirty_soap_dish,"Creamy tactical goodness. Game looks great...not a stellar leap in graphics, but I don't play XCOM to have my eyes stroked off. Absence of deployable aircraft? Not a problem. Wouldn't make sense to have them now that the xenos run the show. The hacking system is an interesting addition, although it's not a huge game-changer. The A.I. is decent...pretty much the same as the Enemy Within/Unkown. The stealth system allows you to set up devestating ambushes. The developers are emphasizing story this time around and it adds to my motivation to blast these little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s off my planet.My favorite strategical  addition so far is the subclass system for character progression. Modular weapons!!!! YES!You can spend hours and hours customizing the players in the pool. Nice weapon mods, too. I love the ability to write bios and epitaphs.As far as first day functionality, it does have it's niggles. Some weird animation glitches upon movement of my players from time to time. Only an hour and a quarter in, but no crashes as of yet. I'm playing on maxed out settings and the frame rate is pretty good...but I get drops once in a while. The camera is still meh, but I pay little mind to that. If anything major pops up in regards to stability, I'll update my review.This game will probably end my marriage, but it's all good. She can have the dog just as long as I can keep the laptop.""GET OUT OF MY HEAD!"""
76561198093922032,Recommended,268500,34566903,Posted: 28 August,all,maddawg2020,Awesome game!
,Recommended,268500,21039143,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ethen,"Everyone that made this game must be ♥♥♥♥ing geniuses. Not because of the fact they made a good strategy game but the fact that they made it so damn hard on normal/veteran difficulty, so in that sense they must be strategy geniuses in order to beat their own ♥♥♥♥ing game. Wait they must not even had played it because the bugs are everywhere.My rant -- but in accuality the game is pretty fun and punishes you for ♥♥♥♥ing everything and I cant get out of Africa without restarting, sort of like an EU4 campain.People complaining about timed missions when it only makes sense. You think that you spending 20 turns to kill people while trying to secure a target and they wont send backup? Hurry ur♥♥♥♥♥up before they send more troops and ur forced to retreat.Oh, and fix the damn bugs already, christ."
,Recommended,268500,20967397,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dienhart,Great game.
,Recommended,268500,21038913,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Reg Mug,Brilliant
76561198101368200,Recommended,268500,21039141,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Porkhat,Spent the better part of an hour recreating John Mcclane from Die Hard. Three turns into his first mission he was disintegrated. 10/10
76561197979643793,Recommended,268500,21039201,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,RustyRaven,"Does XCOM 2 build upon its predessecor or is it a mere letdown?The good:+The sequel maintains the addictive gameplay of the original, expands features and refines others.+The campaign now features a doomsday clock which keeps the game going at a much better pace.+The music is far better and has more personality.+The graphics have gotten updated and are overall quite pleasant.The bad:-Most operation/missions are now set on a hard time limit, which can be frustrating if you're a careful player.-Even with VO set to a minimum you'll constantly hear Bradford, Tygan and Chen parrot the same lines.-Base construction has been simplified further and while it does have room for strategy it's a far cry from UFO.-The launch has been plagued by (potentially) game breaking bugs and a constant frame rate drop even on high end PCs.Bottom Line:XCOM 2 expands and improves upon almost every single aspect of the first game and is a great experience for fans of the first game. However, the launch has been a rocky one and potential players should brace themselves for both bugs and frame rate drops."
,Recommended,268500,21040417,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Linxwire,Reccomended for masochists of 12+ years. Best pain simulator. Watch your friends die.
,Recommended,268500,20973920,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TK1109,Please Give me my time back !it's so danm hard yet fun at the same time. Yes you are fighting against a Human/Alien mixed enemy. Yes your on the bad hand. but its very well done.
76561197970816016,Recommended,268500,21039303,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Darkin,"Excelent game, polished and well made all round. Game-play and story are well paced, and the game has beautiful graphics. Only issue I found was the highest graphic setting was slowing the game badly, with a long load time, but turning it down a notch smoothed this out and didn't have that much impact on the visuals. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,268500,21042749,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Lordy,"Pretty good game although it's kinda short and runs like absolute♥♥♥♥♥ I was also hoping for a bit more interesting research it just kinda felt like the last mission appeared kinda out of nowhere. Or rather it never really feels like you are getting anywhere near the end and then suddenly there's a mission that says ""Point of no return"" which felt really rather odd.Oh and it's buggy as hell. Animations get stuck forever and there's a bunch of other annoying stuff.All in all a pretty good game though."
,Recommended,268500,20967239,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Crow,"Followed the tutorial, it killed 2 of my soldiers."
76561198043852377,Recommended,268500,20978494,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,difflockcliff (MinoraMarine),"I havent been playing long so this isnt realy a review. more an observation...people complaining about their 970's not handling the game...stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing you were too cheap to buy a 980 coz i aint got no♥♥♥♥♥♥.Anyway my ""observations""Graphics are awesome! but you only continue seeing it in the cinimatics. your brain converges withoriginal xcom so after a while doent realy seem that diffrent lolBase building is basicaly the same but you need 1 engineer per project rather then 42 lolcombat is basicaly the same but morefun..why?you can slice a F'n alien with  a sword! need I say more? need more in depth explination? theres lots of guys without jobs writing reviews XDthats the basis thats changed...but what got me with this is the customisation...it pulls you in, in a sense...you cant give a rookie ALL the customisations....the more experienced they get the more you can customise...you get so attached to your close combat little ninja that when that mofo dies you you dont just RAGE QUIT you go and print a screen shot of that heroic mofo on your bedroom wall.....thats what got me the imersion! its brilliant..my own little minions!Edit:I forgot too mention you can save your fav heroes before they die with emergancy EVAC!!! (well 80% of the times) Did I mention I love this game?!"
,Recommended,268500,21038867,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Outlaw,"95% sniper chance....miss, grenade enemy at doorway - blows up the wall around target but leaves them unharmed, send in 2 rangers to melee kill and both miss. Enemy trooper repositions and 1 shot kills my ranger with a crit.......Welcome to Xcom 2, the most frustration free gaming experience there is.But seriously this game really has evolved from EU/EW: graphics are much nicer, the AI is smarter and the best improvement in my opinion is the change made to Overwatch. Your troops will take turns at shooting what they see instead of all shooting at once at 1 enemy. Playing as the freedom fighters instead of being an army really makes it feel like every decision you make could impact the future of Xcom and the world as you try to defeat the aliens before the ""doomsday"" clock reaches zero.The RNG system can be a bit odd at times where you will really feel that your troops cant hit a single target but for the most part the hit % is accurate. Changes made to enemy health by adding armour to some of them makes a great positive impact to the game. No longer can you just let your Squadsight snipers obliterate everything in their path as some enemies (mostly robotics) can carry heavy armour that will absorb damage delt to them. Shredding armour or explosives are the way to push forward so I find it now usefull to carry explosives around on missions.There is some stuttering issues I have found which mostly occur after playing it for a couple of hours in one go and that seems to be in the Avenger only. However there are changes that can be made to some of the games files that might remove the stutter issue and sooner or later it will be included in a patch. One thing that I feel the game is missing is no ability to restart the mission from the pause menu; which is something I would like to see added in the future, however just keeping a game save at start of the mission is good enough.Overall Xcom 2 feels like a big step forward over its predesessor with many new features that EU/EW lacked (I am seeing some features that are in the Long War mod however) and I look forward to what the DLC's will add to the game and where the modding community can take it.I recommend this game to anyone who loves Xcom and/or strategy games.10/10"
76561198078820671,Recommended,268500,21038886,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[SAUCE] Battered Aggie,Great game despite the poor performance.
,Recommended,268500,21039142,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Varan,"Not as buggy as people are saying, only fps drops i got were during cinematics. Awesome game but very hard."
76561198284193447,Recommended,268500,26133251,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,MartyHoward,"This game is really good.  I am returning to PC gaming and this is one of the few I was looking forward to buying!  I have to say that this game makes you think, you always have to sacrifice something, you are always planning.  Very few games are like this, and it's very nice to see it.  I don't need to write a long review because I believe that if you like strategy based games, you will like this.Updated: 18 hours in.  The game is hard...but I love that about it!  With reluctance, I had to decrease the difficulty setting to the easiest setting as I lost 3 squadmates.  I am still learning the best ways to approach a mission because it is that challenging but there are ways to increase their longevity and I am learning what that is and you will too.  Still a great game!"
76561198026365859,Recommended,268500,20964460,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ODSTbag,Close range?
76561198020733366,Recommended,268500,28199372,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MECHA_CAT,I really like the XCOM games and this one is just as much fun as the first one if not more.I just really suck at these games so I ended up using the unlimited turn mod from the workshop. Still haven't beat either Enemy Within or XCOM 2 yet.
76561198276190994,Not Recommended,268500,28230107,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,51578042,Ok this is a good game if you could just ignore the bugs everywhere. I believe that many of the game features are wrongly implemented. Many of the things you will see in the game are totally conter-intuition.I strongly suggest you not to play this game if you can't bear imperfectness.
,Recommended,268500,34979969,Posted: 15 September,all,raziot_lof,"One of the best singel player games ever!!I love the story, the art style, the game mechanics, pretty much everything."
76561198007332851,Recommended,268500,25470706,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Droople,Endlessly replayable!
76561198104344784,Recommended,268500,23987501,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,AyyLmao,bezt gamthx 4 best gam
76561198039644196,Recommended,268500,21043658,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Noah,"""Just one more mission and then I'll get a good night's sleep for work tomorrow""Little did he know, it was already 7 AM.10/10 unemployment simulator"
76561197981609710,Recommended,268500,22986018,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Pancake,"Game is more challenging then X com: EW, but sometimes a bit to much. The super large number of timed missions gets a bit annoying, soldiers seem to panic more, and most enemies seem to be far stronger. I still think its a fun release, with many changes to EW, sounds and graphics have improved as well."
76561198057859981,Recommended,268500,34749807,Posted: 4 September,all,Aquarius,"This game is so fun and yet so frustrating to play.  The fun happens when when you get to take your squad out on missions and complte missions, then come back and promote your soldiers so you unlock new skills so you can take them out on more missions and rince and repeat.The frustration comes with all the other stuff thrown at you.....There are so many counters, timers, and mandatory events that, atleast for me, I do not feel like I have much control of the game when not on the batllefield.  Yeah, I can choose what to research and when and how to upgrade my headquarters, but when I do these it feels less like ""Oh cool, a new X that I can use."" and more like ""well, what 2 things will I do without to get this margionally useful thing?""The game is deceptive in that it makes you feel like you get to build and grow your command the way you want.  In reality, the game is on rails, with a few moments of ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" where you can do X or Y.  This is so infuriating because you find yourself either extremly restricted in what you can or cant do, or you become overwhelmed in what is available because you don't have enough time to get much of it done because this ride is on rails and it stops for no one.So, I feel one part of the game gets in the way of enjoying the other.....in other words the game mechanics hold itself back.I do recommend this game, but I would not buy it until it goes on sale.  War of The Chosen is not worth $40 and XCom 2 has been out so long that you should not pay more than $20 for it."
76561197987055299,Recommended,268500,34750147,Posted: 4 September,all,Lain's Navi,"I thought they couldn't make something as awesome as XCOM: Enemy Unknown.Here I stand, happily corrected.Solid DLC, decent characters, solid throwbacks to its predecessors, the obligatory soldier customization and absolutely addicting gameplay. Add to that an incredible modder community and you've got a recipe for success. I love how they managed to transform the feel of the game from Enemy Unknown, basing it on the scenario that you failed the first game's campaign. Now, you get to enjoy the feel of waging a global insurgency against extraterrestrial occupiers. As always, you're resources are limited, you have to pick your battles, and there WILL be casualties no matter what you do. Accept it: the liberation of Earth requires the blood of patriots, and for every one of us they kill, we will take a hundred invaders with us.The only negative point I concede is that I miss the genetic modification/robot supersoldier modifications I was able to make in Enemy Within from the last game. That's about it.10/10 split an alien's head open with a machete today."
76561197966579368,Recommended,268500,34749411,Posted: 4 September,all,Dominian,"XCOM 2 isn't better than XCOM: Enemy Unknown with Long War mod. It's not even better than XCOM with the addon and without the mod.however; XCOM2 has received a marvelous overhaul with the WotC expansion DLC and is the new standard for all XCOM to be measured against. Chosen, Ghosts, Skirmishers, Templars and Reapers are awesome and the campaign has been improved in every single way. Love XCOM 2 now!"
76561198073084026,Not Recommended,268500,23591533,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Firebird450,"At the start I enjoyed Xcom2 it was a nice new take on the turn based strategy game that I'd enjoyed with Xcom 1.  But after encountering ""the viper king"" everything changed and it became an awful chore that I hated to try and play.  The DLC is the most annoying piece of **** that I've ever had the pleasure of trying.  If I had known that it was going to ruin my playthorugh I woud have disabled it at the start but the leader ""powers"" aka game breaking mechanics ruined what enjoyment I had in the game and wasted hours of my life trying to figure out how to beat these stupid new mechanics."
,Recommended,268500,21147830,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Kermit the Frog,"*Tries to scan new sector*GUERRILLA OPS AVAILABLE, COMMANDER*Flies back, completes ops**Returns to new sector and scans*ALIEN RETALIATION SITE LOCATED*Flies back, stops retaliation**Returns to the sector again to scan*COMMANDER, WE ARE RECEIVING A HIGH PRIORITY MISSION TRANSMISSION10/10 Best game"
76561198110584142,Recommended,268500,21149673,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,EBoLA,An excellent turn-based game and reboot sequal to the 2012 XCOM: Enemy Unknown.  Immersive game play that keeps me entertained for hours.
76561198056370026,Recommended,268500,21043978,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Davic Civlor,This game is so much fun I can't stop playing it. It is an amazing strategy game that is pretty difficult but your team can still be beasts on the battle field. If only they could have the cyborgs from enemy within for XCOM 2 it would make it even more fun with the dlc from the first XCOM. But still this game is so much fun. I would say 10/10 on my part.
76561198028539269,Recommended,268500,21147821,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,cwd105,"To start with a friend of mine and I have a rule about games, ""Are you having a good time and are you enjoying the game"". Well, out of the box, I was not having a good time, or enjoying this game. There were moments of stress, and feeling rushed.Mind now I am probably a bit older then the average player. So if timed missions and a feeling of I have to do this NOW  don't bother you, my issues might not apply.I was at a point of just saying this is one of those games that I wouldn't be playing again. Then the mods started appearing, and it changed my world. I have been playing with the timers turned off, and an extended end game. These are the only mods that I've been using, and I have been totally enthralled with the game.Unmoded, I say be aware of the rushed feeling. With the two mods I mentioned I can totally recommend this game. If turn based combat is your cup of tea, then don't miss out on one of the better games out there."
76561198004582020,Recommended,268500,22982906,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dr.Ed,"The best turn based tactics game on the market. Filled with both technical and design updates over XCOM: Enemy unkown/Enemy within, enough so that it is a successful sequel and should be an instant buy for anyone who enjoyed the last XCOM game. The game delivers some serious highs when all of your hard work pays off and all the random rolls go your way and it also delivers some devistating lows when the squad you painstakingly put together is wiped out after a careless mistake you made too many turns back to save scum your way out of. Yes this game can make you flip your desk in frustation but the game will also have you yelping aloud in joy when a soldier pulls off an impossible shot or that ""FLAWLESS"" rating flashes across your mission complete screen. The game comes packaged with a decent multiplayer (1v1 arena type gameplay with premade units) as well as a fantastic campaign mode that is highly custimizable with varying amounts of challenge. An impressive catalog of workshop mods are available and extremely easy to install giving this already impressively lengthed and replayable game even more milage. I would even say many of the mods improve upon the game more so than official patches or DLCs coming from Firaxis which brings me to the only cons I had with this game during my 100+ hours:-Some of the player mods improve upon the game so much they should be preloaded with the game the ""STOP WASTING MY TIME"" mod being a great example as it speeds up pointless animations making a much more fluid game.-I was hoping to be shooting up a lot of aliens but around 60% of the forces you will be fighting are going to be genetically modified humans until very late into the game. (very similar to EXALT troops from the first XCOM)-Load screen in the sky ranger takes forever.-Occasionally the game will straight up ruin your day with a series of bad rolls, make sure you are mentally prepared to lose your cool at least once in an ironman playthrough.But hey: That's XCOM, baby.A true must own for any lover of the turn based tactics genre."
76561198058604597,Recommended,268500,21044498,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Azmodias,"An absolutely stellar game that manages to improve on every aspect of the original. Better tactics, better psionics, better scenarios, better bugs and better graphical glitches, and better mind-bending physics."
,Recommended,268500,21044248,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Papa Penne,"Pray RNGesus takes pitty on your worthless soul.Xcom 2 is tense and unforgiving, and accepting failure to some degree is something you'll have to go in with. The game loves to force your hand, apparent from the ticking fail-state clock at the top of the map. You can delay it, but you can't put it off forever. Timed missions are abundant, and taking things safe and slow isn't always an option.That being said, the game is still lots of fun, and having all of these things stacked agains you makes the reward feel so much sweeter.The game has some marked improvements over EU: Engineering is done a lot better, the concealment system is nice, albiet lacking, and equipment management is well, manageable.The game does have a few technical issues, though.I've experianced some minor animation glitches/bugs, but nothing game breaking. Load times can be sort of long (anywhere from 20 seconds to a full minute, though I installed this to my HDD) and optimization is not the best. I've experienced some rather notable frame chugging during the pre-mission loading screens, and in areas that have a lot of fire/smoke, though lowering shadow detail helped with the latter. Frame-rate on high settings is not entirely consistant on my 2gb GTX 960/ FX 8370 & 16gb RAM, but it is by no means unplayable- though I've seen people with significantly more powerful systems than mine complaining about unplayable frame-rates, even on the lowest settings, so the game seems to be inconsitant.I've not had the game crash/move into unplayable territory, but I've witnessed a significant number of people note this- so much so that I'd suggest you keep it in mind, though some of these people might be overdramatizing the issue, I would not write it off entirely.Overall, the game is challenging and fun, and (At least for me) works. Buy it if you like stressing over 98% hit chances missing and leaving your ranger exposed without cover- because obviously your life wasn't already stressful enough."
,Recommended,268500,21044411,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[GS] Shingly,"Absolutely brilliant, though it suffers from the performance issues we almost come to expect from a triple-A game of recent years."
76561198134310622,Recommended,268500,21013711,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,loop,"Top reviews here boils down to two issues:1. difficulty is harder than XCOM:EU2. tons of graphics glitches, etc.3. too many missions are timedI don't mind #1 and #3 (I like things being difficult) but I was hesitant to buy due to #2. I don't like bugs.I bought it anyway and here's my experience:1. I played first mission (not tutorial) on legendary (max diff) and it didn't feel any different than XCOM:EU max difficulty. No one died, no injuries, all got promotions, got flawless rating.EDIT: Played 4 missions, had no trouble getting flawless.Assault are also so good this version. Difficulty is exactly identical, if not slightly easier, to XCOM:EU.2. No glitches yet so far (played on Dec2015 I7 980M 16Gb Ram)but I've only played 1 hour, so I can't comment on this. EDIT: finishedBlacksite~20 missions, still no glitches yet3. There are indeed a lot of missions that are timed (around 1.5x-2x more missions than XCOM:EU). However timers are reasonable and I have no trouble finishing on time even on legenday difficulty (I finished with ~20-40% timer count left). I would understand if ironman players are going to have a much more difficult time though due to this. But I guess the devs don't want it too easy e.g. ironman with 4 snipers 1 scout party to sniper/camp/lure the enemies for 3500 turns."
,Recommended,268500,34737189,Posted: 4 September,all,ENGLAND is MY CITY!,Not gonna sleep a whileBye GF
,Recommended,268500,21199242,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Soldant,"XCOM 2 is a worthy yet buggy sequel to 2012's XCOM. It's more challenging (sometimes artificially so) with an overall better sense of urgency and desperation than the original had. Firstly, the game in its current state (Feb 2016) requires patching. There are frequent slow-downs, weird pauses between turns, and the occasional lengthy loading time. The game has trouble maintaining a stable FPS. A lot of these issues were actually present in XCOM 2012's release though and they were (mostly) patched out. Give them time to fix it.In terms of gameplay the core elements of the XCOM francise remain the same - strategic decision-making with turn-based tactical combat against an alien threat. The Geoscape strategic portion has the biggest changes with more choice of ""missions"" which often serve to take up time rather than being tactical missions. For example you can search for supplies or alien materials. Tactical missions pop up with some defined benefit for their completion and a penalty for ignoring them - and the penalty at least up until the end game is punishing, so you often can't ignore them. The game will infrequently give you a choice of 3 missions - these missions will negate one of the bonuses that the aliens acquire for that month. The aliens play a much better strategic game and you can't simply sit and wait for the next plot point to trigger. In XCOM 2012 you could halt progress by simply not completing some objectives, giving you all the time in the world to advance. In XCOM 2 the aliens are constantly making progress on Avatar, their final solution to humanity. You can delay it but you cannot stop it. This increases that urgency and desperation that XCOM desperately needed; you can't simply wait and research your way to victory.The tactical game remains largely the same with the added benefit of better map randomisation, a more aggressive AI, and a few new mechanics. Firstly some missions start you troops in concealment, giving you the ability to move around the map without triggering the enemy unless you get too close (or they patrol into your group), allowing you to set up ambushes. Many missions also have a turn limit. I can see why they did this - a very popular tactic in the original was simply to put everyone into Overwatch and advance cautiously, creating a wall of reaction-fire death. Turn limits stop you from relying on this tactic; you have to find the enemy and objectives quickly instead of creeping forward. Overwatch is still useful but you need to be more aggressive. That said, some of the limits feel awfully restrictive, especially at higher difficulty levels (especially when the aliens are just plain stronger across the board). There are still plenty of ""XCOM fail"" moments where shots miss despite a high probably of hitting (90% isn't 100% guys!) but they hurt a lot more with the new aliens.Overall I actually do recommend XCOM 2 to fans of the original. Plenty of people complain about turn limits, and they do have a point - but plenty of people whinged that XCOM 2012 was too easy with its Overwatch death-squad tactic, so I guess some people just won't be happy either way. There are some technical issues that will no doubt be mostly resolved, but this is still a fantastic game. Incidentally, the original XCOM's successor, Terror from the Deep, was well known for being XCOM except underwater and with a much higher difficulty level. I guess they just followed the same plan this time."
,Recommended,268500,21219517,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Fabulous Secret Powers,"ITs a great game, but if you don't absolutely love Enemy Unkown/Within, I'd wait for a patch. Its glitchy right now, and if chrysalids are in the mission, you can't load a save during that mission."
,Recommended,268500,20969834,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,am2net,"Play intro mission was very good, the flashback to the first XCOM of 2012 is perfect, the historical context behind was excellent. But the game is more strategic. I stopped playing the first mission, after mission of introduction. To rethink some things in my strategy. Anyway I will need to upgrade my laptop or buy a new PC to take advantage of the graphics in its entirety as I did in 2012.Good game! Recomend!"
76561198322747148,Recommended,268500,30075537,Posted: 21 February,all,TOUGH GUY JASSA,Good game
76561198006971504,Not Recommended,268500,30655641,Posted: 21 March,all,White Glint,"I'm extremely angry and disappointed in this game, firaxis took everything bad from xcom and managed to make it worse in xcom 2, im completely baffled.To sum this game in a word : ""RNG"". You can strategize all you want, you can maximize your chances and you're still gonna miss point blank shots, and you're still gonna die horribly.Not ONCE in 26 hours of getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked on legend ( I completed I/I on the first one) i had fun or felt any satisfaction from pulling off a mission or a good move, because either A)you miss 4 85% shots point blank in a row or B)the rng will grace you with a bit of luck, in which case you feel no satisfaction because you know the results are all down to luck.I'm still confused how you get inspired from a game made more than 20 years ago and mess it up so badly, i just don't understand, i guess the rng was not kind to firaxis.I'm not going to say timed missions are bad, i'm gonna say that EVERY mission has some kind of timer is bad, the activation pod thing is the most horribly flawed design decision on this planet because it prevents the player from employing tactics, there's ABSOLUTELY no strategy in this game.In fact the game revolves around having a good 1st month in which you level up your first 4 soldiers and then you can steamroll anything and avoid the rng with fantastic mods and explosions.I highly recommend to stay away from this game, go play the OG or simply get Xenonauts."
76561198095017293,Recommended,268500,20985230,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ChiefMasterToast,All issues I have about this game are going to get fixed with patches or with mods that they made very easy for people to make.
,Recommended,268500,20985053,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,PhillipAlpha,"Not a perfect game, but the gameplay and core elements are there. It is simply a matter of polishing it up at this point.There is a steep learning curve, and the game is pushing you towards a more aggressive playstyle.But definitely one of the best games i've played recently."
,Recommended,268500,20995875,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Eulogi,Great game. Turn limits are dumb. Already a mod for it though so no biggie.
,Recommended,268500,20974081,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tiderian,Already had to write two epitaphs...  They will be avenged.This game really shines.  It will be a Diamond for your gem collection.10/10
,Recommended,268500,20977673,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Vorala,A sequel that doesn't suck!
,Recommended,268500,21117688,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SunDrippedDevil,"This game is fantastic. It is a very challenging turn based tactical game presented from an isometric point of view on the battlefield combine with a global resource management and territory gaining element against a global doom ticker. You have to try and take the world back from an occupying force one territory at a time, and amass resources to improve your base, research better technologies for your soldiers. One a tactical mission scale, you command a squad of 4 - 6 soldiers (you can mod this to be more) who consist of different classes, earn exp and rank up. There are multiple skills for each class to choose from, and a lot of items to equip them with.If you're familiar Enemy Unknown/Enemy Within, then this game keeps all the good stuff about that game, and adds stuff to make it even better.A lot of people are complaining about performance issues. The game is indeed not fully optimized, but will probably be patched soon enough. In general, I meet the system requirements, and even play on mac OS X. I have no issues so far.A lot of the negative reviews seem to be due to people whinging about the turn timers. Please allow me to give you some context; The developers intentionally put this in to discourage a cowardly and tedious meta that was adopted by many players in the first game. In XCOM, you get to perform 2 actions per turn; you can move a certain distance twice, move and shoot, or move and use a skill. However, if you use your action to shoot, your turn ends (there are ways to change this by ranking soldiers of a certain class). There is a universal skill that all classes have called overwatch; it ends your turn and prepares your squad to shoot at any enemy that paths in sight during their turn.Due to XCOM being somewhat challenging, many people decided to move half a turn, and overwatch every single turn across every map (maps in XCOM are rather large) because they didn't want their soldiers to die. The devs decided to upend this, and added turn timers to the second game.HOWEVER, the turn timers are very lenient, you get plenty of turns to reach your objective safely (through your squad being concealed) and to complete it, kill enemies and evac the map with 2 or 3 turns to spare. There are also mods that allow you to tweak these (as XCOM 2 has complete mod support). The people whining about the turn timers are probably the people that I described above. Instead of actually altering the turn timers to be longer, or using the steam workshop mods that disable them completely, they just give a great game a negative review.What do you feel is more tactical? Option A: Moving with stealth, setting up ambushes for enemy patrols, taking them out efficiently from a roof, blowing up the side of a building to reach your objective quick then evacing after a successful mission, or Option B: tediously moving half a turn and overwatching every turn against an enemy that isn't even actively looking for you in the first place? Yeah, I thought so. Anyone saying the timers remove the tactical layer of this game was never very good to begin with. Also, it doesnt make snipers useless. Fully upgraded snipers can take out multiple squads in a single turn if used correctly. Furthermore, on many missions, the turn timers deactivate after you complete the objective, leaving you with plenty of time to mop up remaining aliens for loot and exp. Many missions dont even have timers (campaign critical story mission, and alien retaliation missions.)If your pc meets the minimum requirements for this game, and you are interested in this type of game then please try it out. If you dont like the timers, you can easily mod them. This game is incredibly challenging, and has many mechanics to learn, but once you master them, the game becomes very enjoyable and manageable. It also has infinite replay value (and is moddable to be even more infintely replayable)Just don't listen to the whiners who are moaning because the devs decided that they didnt want people who wanted to cheese the game to be able to do so. Also, the people leaving bad reviews because they found the game too hard are a vocal minority who don't like learning too many things, or having open ended choice based game play that doesnt involve move to the arrow, now shoot that one guy, now move to the next arrow. Head over the XCOM subreddit to see how many people are having so much fun playing this. Other people don't seem to understand how probability works and that 90% is not the same as 100%. There is still a 10% chance to miss, but the majority of the time you will roll the 90%.Yes the game is challenging and hard, but gives you every tool and opportunity to win.Make up your own mind and don't listen to impatient self-entitled man children with the attention span of a gold fish."
76561198050054272,Recommended,268500,21122701,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Dante's Inferno,Let me be frank here..... This game will punish you on every move/action you make no matter what you think you are doing right/wrong.(99% of the time its agaisnt you) I have played all of the xcom's franchise since i was a kid ( mind you i was god awful at the time due to me being a small child) But now as an adult who understands the value of certain thing in life i can say with a clear consience say that this is by far my favorite game of early 2016. The story some say is way to clear or to straight forward.. maybe so. But that's their opinion just like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s every one has one. But if you are a big fan of this series i highly reccomend this game.
76561198046561685,Recommended,268500,21124175,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Glister the Sister Fister,"As of now the only problems I've had with the game were performance issues and a few visual bugs which can be fixed with a patch. The second to last mission showed just how much more options to how we could aproach we could have had. Also the mods from the steam workshop surely add to the replayability of the game. All in all, it was all I wanted from a sequel to  the XCOM EU."
76561198039416320,Not Recommended,268500,29488588,Posted: 25 January,all,Bloodnails,"I don't like it. The UI is full of bad choices (The mod ""Quit wasting my time"" fixes some of it, but the very existance and name of this mod really describes the problem), I hate all the timed missions and the style of the enemies just doesn't fit the lore. Now, I loved Enemy unknown, so I was really looking forward to this game."
76561198025027231,Not Recommended,268500,33439982,Posted: 10 July,all,zachfurr,Didn't love it - it had a lot of bugs and crashes for me at the begining and I think that soured my taste for the game. After I got them worked out the game play was good enought.still wouldn't recomend it
,Recommended,268500,20986305,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SlyNic,"This is my review so far... NOTE: That I still have a lot to play, but I wanted to share my first impressions!It's quite rare, that the sequel to a multi award winning game, can not only improve on the flaws of its predecessor, but also ""in ways"" manage to be a better game. But the newest installment from the 2k Games 'XCOM' franchise, does exactly that! XCOM 2 brings players back into an action packed, turn based, strategy experience that new & familiar players are sure to enjoy. With heaps of new content helping shape one of the best (if not the best) installment in the 'XCOM' franchise! Below, are some of the things that I really like about XCOM 2...- ""So far..."" An interesting story & campaign- Greatly Improved UI (in my opinion...)- Surprisingly... ALot more draw back to 'XCOM: Enemy Unkown', than I was expecting.- Unpredictability, enemies are no longer as easy to prejudge with their attacks, makes for more interesting gameplay and combat scenarios.- LOTS of Class abilities and skills, all of these are unique to certain troops as well!- The Game Looks amazing, and the cutscenes are great!- ""ROV-R"" is SO COOL!- Greatly improved AI, the AI is both fair and challenging- Heaps of content!XCOM 2 manages to excel in many areas that the previous titles in the 'XCOM' franchise have failed to do so. XCOM 2 is a great game, and players are sure to get heaps of play and enjoyment out of it, considering your into turn based strategy... If you enjoyed 'XCOM: Enemy Unknown', this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,268500,21062141,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,nacon,"XCOM 2 is everything that you loved about XCOM: Enemy Unknown and XCOM: Enemy Within… but better. You will again find yourself in the position of the “Commander,” managing both strategic assets on your mobile base, and your soldiers in tactical actions on missions in the fight against aliens who have taken over Earth.The game largely takes place within these two spheres – strategic, and tactical.In the strategic side of things, players will have to make choices on the Geoscape and within the Avenger.The Geoscape allows you expand your ‘resistance’ contacts, unlocking missions in new areas, chase rumors of supplies and intelligence, and view the progress of the “Game Over” counter that is constantly ticking upwards, against you. The choices on what to pursue are meaningful, as you generally can’t do it all; missions will expire after a set time. Investing time into improving the areas you’ve contacted provides a significant amount of long-term benefit in terms of resource income in the form of ‘supplies’ (your money), at the expense of other missions which might provide more short-term gains.The Avenger gameplay will consist largely of managing your base; much like XCOM: Enemy Unknown, you have a fixed area in which to build, and you must clear out alien debris and plan your structures out within that space. There are more optimal placements if you want to conserve the power necessary to operate your facilities, or to boost your existing power generation structures. There is enough space to construct everything; it’s more a matter of prioritizing which research structures you want over others. While constructing and managing your facilities, you will have the option of re-assigning engineers that you’ve  picked up on missions to increase facility construction speed, upgrade facility roles (generating more power, healing soldiers faster), or make item construction faster. This represents an interesting worker-placement challenge, as you will not have enough engineers to have everything fully upgraded and working at full speed. It is necessary to move engineers from one task to another task as needs change/arise. You will also spend time prioritizing which research you want to pursue, and which experimental weapons/armors/items you would like to make (they’re not all insta-build.)The tactical gameplay utilizes a squad of 4-6 highly customizable soldiers (XCOM operatives) to complete various missions. This will be very familiar to XCOM: Enemy Unknown players; combat takes place on a grid, with various structures and obstacles to use in the fight against the alien menace. Unlike previous games, there is a significantly greater amount of urban combat, and far fewer “fighting in the woods” type missions. The action is well-paced, and well-calculated choices will make the difference in ensuring you leave missions without too many casualties. Many missions have timers associated with them to force you to take an aggressive stance on the tactical map; this is overall an improvement, in my opinion, as previous games allowed a much slower pace (to the detriment of the action of combat.) During missions you will also have the opportunity to pick up gear that your enemies drop; this too is on a timer, incentivizing aggressive action to pick up powerful upgrades. Enemy A.I. is much improved over previous versions, and enemies will tactically retreat to their comrades if they’re overwhelmed. The enemy variety is also very interesting – you will have to adjust tactics, frequently, based on the variety of alien soldiers that you will face.Overall, the game is very difficult, especially in the early months where you are constantly out-gunned and pressured into tough missions to make ends meet. There is a constant tension on missions where you are working against a timer, and there is a near constant tension on the geo-scape as you are forced to choose between equally compelling missions. If you expect to walk into a game and dominate it on the first try, you really won't be able to in XCOM 2.  Learning the nuances of the mechanics of the strategic gameplay and the enemies your facing (along with the squad that you carefully build up) will allow you to remove a lot of the randomness that you'll face, but you will lose soldiers, or have to retreat from certain missions; soldiers, at the end of the day, are a strategic asset that you will sometimes need to sacrifice in order to complete an important strategic goal on your missions. The challenge can be daunting, but eventually you'll get the hang of it and be able to run very smooth  missions that allow you to take on very difficult setups.Plot-wise, the game is well-written and compelling as you try to lead Earth in a rebellion against your alien overlords. Overall, I don’t think that the supporting cast was as well-developed as in previous games; Lily and Tygan are interesting enough, but don’t seem to have the same flair that Shen and Vahlen had in the original. Bradford returns, a bit gruffer, a bit grumpier, but perhaps not as funny as in XCOM: Enemy Unknown. The role and personality of the Commander play a greater part of this game, interestingly enough. The trajectory that humanity is on, and the fate of the Earth are interesting enough in this post-alien dystopia; exploring and seeing details of what that future entails are one of the joys of the game.Graphics-wise, this game is more intense than its predecessors; even with a good medium-end rig, you can expect some slowdowns/framerate drops if maps get too hectic. The environments, textures, and characters are all wonderfully detailed in this future sci-fi dystopia. The world itself has a lot of personality as you conduct missions within it, whether you’re aiding an isolated rural Resistance base, or running a high-powered mission into the heart of A.D.V.E.N.T.-controlled territory.Overall, the game is a worthy successor to XCOM: Enemy Unknown. I look forward to the DLC installments for this game, and I feel there is a great deal of replayability in this particular game. I highly recommend this game to anyone with a PC!"
,Recommended,268500,21001521,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,torgon1,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is good but the difficulity is so high though. Still i would recommend it to everyone but not playing on second hardest difficulity first save.
,Recommended,268500,21023104,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,cd_ monty,xcom 2 is a grate xcom game for fps gamers i do not recommend it tho but this might be the best game in 2016   it is a vary good game at it has a bit of glichs but thay r not to bad
76561198076404637,Not Recommended,268500,21491967,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cytorsen,"Initial startup took more than 2 hours. Fell asleep multiple times during the flight scenes. This game is so slow and glitchy. Make sure to watch how long you wait in loading screens. Even if you only really play for 45minutes steam will not refund you for this broken, glitchy game if your ""playtime"" is over 2 hours."
76561198035327810,Not Recommended,268500,20977968,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,cutlerheman,"Mission turn timer 1 shot my entire sqaud, Hardest enemy in the game, needs to be nerfed. Unfortunately, this enemy is found in almost every mission taking away some of the enjoyment of this game.Because of this mission turn timer, it would not be right of me to recommend this to anyone who enjoys playing XCOM games. But, if you enjoy running your sqaud blindly across the map in hopes that the timer doesnt hit 0, this might be the game for you!"
76561197987301516,Recommended,268500,21185737,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,barkogy,"I just finished the game, so it is time to write a short review. First of all, if you like XCOM you will like XCOM2 as well. The game has well-written story and nice graphics. The combat mechanism is the same like before. Good and bad:There are new items however I missed genetic mods and human/machine combos I had in Enemy Within. Also, not able to manufacture weapon mods or add more than two items to a weapon. I finished the game without investing too much into psi research or soldiers. There were a lot of research not finished by the way.I have seen 3 software issues during the week long playing: one time the screen colors were changing to pure red-green-blue, a few times medikit disappeared from the soldier's inventory and one time the game frozen during save.All in all, I recommend the game."
76561197967245932,Recommended,268500,20996956,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Raxxa,need heavy modding.
,Recommended,268500,21186268,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dr. Hans Steiner,"Right off the bat, XCOM 2 is an excellent game. It does everything possible to expand on XCOM: Enemy Unknown, and gives us a great continuation of the story as a whole. The gameplay is a refined version of the RTS tactical shooter from Enemy Unknown, with a whole bunch of new abilities thrown in. The 5 main classes don't feel restrictive and have abilities that can specialize them, so you can always have a soldier to fit your specific mission needs. The classic ""That's XCOM baby!"" line about crazy RNG shots that kill your soldiers is back and more accurate than ever. You can customize your soldiers to your liking, get attached to them as you follow their career, then hold back your emotions when you see them killed by a bad roll of the dice. While sad, the customization is great for different squad builds based on your favorite characters from other shows. I had several squaddies based off Luke Skywalker, Han, Finn, Rey, and others. Not many survived though. The Character Pool is a wonderful addition and I can't wait to see what other characters are made in the community and through mods.The main complaint I have of course is the performance issues I'm having. The build I'm running is:GTX 760 graphics cardInstalled on SSDAMD FX4130 Quad-Core processcor8 GB RAMI should be able to run on the higher settings but the framerate drops significantly and there are frequent stalls when the enemy turn is loading. The more enemies on the field, the slower it goes. Not to mention fires and other secondary effects that eat up renndering time. I also would have trouble seeing in buildings sometimes, particularly in landed UFOs, and occasionally would need to get creative with camera placement. Free camera rotation is a mod now, but it really should have been in the main game.I run the game on minimal and low now to help keep it running more smoothly, but that shouldn't be necessary. I can run it on high with a smoother framerate, but I need to mess with other settings to compensate. This is pretty disappointing overall and can be frustrating at times. In the 60+ hours I've played since release, I've only crashed once or twice. That's not bad, but still falls in with the other performance issues.That said, the framerate really doesn't bother me much since it's a turn based strategy game. You can take your time on your turn and the framerate only drops when you can't do anything anyway. The cutscenes for the story are smooth and helped tell the story of the Resistance.The thrill you can get from this game is just wonderful. I just finished my Veteren Ironman run and every turn felt like it could cost you the game. Very often I found myself in situations where I was sure my squad was going to be disintegrated before my eyes, but then was able to flip the tables and come back (or mitigate the damage with a few brave sacrifices).Overall I really enjoyed this game and I think the whole team do deserve praise for building on their previous title and crafting an excellent RTS game. I hear they are working on the performance issues so that should ideally be fixed soon. I would absolutely recommend this game for anyone loving strategy games or sci fi stories."
76561198044531944,Recommended,268500,20977783,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Otacon,Miss Simulator 2016 is back.
,Recommended,268500,20978790,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ChineseBunInvasion,"TL; DR:Let's get this out of the way quickly.There are irrefutably some performance problems with the game, the framework has clearly not been entirely optimized which can lead to disparate results over a wide number of machines. However, some of these are easily solvable on my configuration. The temporary go-to fix is to turn off anti-aliasing, turn off action camera and if the problem still persists turn off v-sync as well.Past those problems this is the game that was marketed and ultimately delivered to the consumer. The game looks and feels almost exactly like how it was advertised. Which is a refreshing change considering the gray market dealings that most developers have been engaging in over the past couple of years. A breathe of fresh air.I sincerely believe that given a little bit more spit and polish, this could very well be the game that catapults the XCOM franchise to being a truly household name.The Bad:-Optimization: Day 1 The game has clearly not been optimized very well, if you're on a lower end machine you need to turn off anti-aliasing, action camera and  vsync in order to temporarily boost performance until they come out with a performance patch.-Difficulty: In my opinion, the difficulty for newer members of the franchise might very well be too much. While it's amusing seeing Youtubers and Streamers bash their heads into full cover Advent. I think that Firaxis might have actually made Easy / Normal a little too difficult for the people that actually need the assistance. There is also a distinct lack of 'Second-Wave' options at the outset which is a little disappointing. Seeing these added at a later date to more accurately tune difficulty to one's skill level is a good idea.-There is no mouse panning on the edges of the screen in the geoscape which is a little annoying. I might just be incredibly stupid, but that's the way it appears to be.The meh:=Graphics: While there are some noticeable graphical upgrades, it's otherwise in line with most other games out there at this time.=Multiplayer: (Pending, I have not tried it yet, I assume that it's playable as there are people playing it right now)=Timers: While I personally do not mind this too much, there seems to be a massive abundance of timed missions. This adds a significant time pressure that disrupts the old-meta of advancing from cover to cover overwatching all the time. While that playstyle is certainly still viable, there are penalties to pay for it.The Good:+Game Mechanics: Graphics are all well and good for advertising a game, but ultimately it comes down game mechanics on whether or not a game is good or even fun. Firaxis is a studio that has always prided themselves on their game design, and it is on display here. The changes they've made to Overwatch not shooting all one target, class overhauls, strategy layer improvements, concealment system, etc. All of this culminates in an experience that is truly expeptional.+Character customization: It's too much. I honestly feel like I'm playing 'The Sims' with an expansion pack that features gigantic hulking monsters that want to kill you horribly. Well, maybe sometimes... You could literally spend hours on customizing your troops by itself.+The narrative: If I could sum up the story so far in one word it would be 'compelling', while the storyline of XCOM games to date has been bare bones. This is a remarkable attempt to marry emergent stories with a plausible narrative. While the canon is certainly not for everyone, I appreciate their efforts.+Modding: While there is a limited selection of Day 1 mods, I honestly cannot wait for what the community has in store in the future. The toolkit looks to be nothing short of incredible.+Maps: Nothing short of awe-inspiring with what they've done with the procedurally generated maps. In XCOM:EU if you played the game for any significant amount of time (100h+) then you would repeat the same maps over and over again. Which ultimately made the game a chore and even worse, familiar. For all the maps there became a rote approach that was better than anything else that was naturally adopted by the players. XCOM 2 fixes those problems by giving the player  no repeat maps. Which keeps the tactical fights new and engaging every time.Conclusion:I feel that XCOM 2 is what XCOM:EU was trying to be, but ultimately was held back by missteps in the design process and a distinct lack of de-risking in this genre at the time. This ultimately lead to the developers giving the players a very canned experience and being overly cautious with how they revived and presented the XCOM brand.With that said, I wholeheartedly endorse XCOM 2. I would not be surprised that I rack up 400-500h over the next couple of months. With the line up of DLC in the pipeline and the robust modding toolkit available. I simply cannot wait for what Firaxis and the Community has in store.The only serious problems that needs to be immediately addressed is that the performance issues that range from merely annoying to fairly significant. Aside from that... A must buy for any XCOM fan!Good luck commander!Final Rating: 9.5 / 10 - Missing shots at 95% to-hits is always fun."
76561198030717155,Recommended,268500,21631876,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,brad.miller,"It's so sad to see one of my favorite games turned into this. XCOM2 does shine in a few areas, but overall comes across as trying far too hard to recreate the difficulty of the original XCOM series, only to feel forced and disingenuous in doing so.It confuses the player with a flaky interface, it's unpredictable with erratic visibility mechanics, and generally feels wildly inconsistent when it comes to its own in-game rules. I'm not against difficult games, but XCOM2 goes well beyond believability and enjoyability in order to create situations that simply require multiple attempts to get right. The resulting game experience is one where you feel like you're fighting against the developers instead of the in-game enemy.Edit:I said at the beginning that this game shines in some areas, and it deserves to have those pointed out. Like XCOM (both the original and the new remake), XCOM2 creates some amazing, fist-pumping moments of joy and awesomeness. The graphics are generally great, the storyline is interesting and compelling, and the core game mechanics are solid and just plain fun.So it's quite frustrating that there these moments of inconsistency, like mentioned above, that force me to reload every other turn. I get that XCOM should be a brutal game, but that brutality should come from in-game experiences within the player's expectations, not from an interface glitch, broken line of sight on grenade launchers, or the fact that I can't tell if my character can shoot from a particular position before moving him/her there.Clarified recommendation: I recommed it, but only if you're ready for a very frustrating experience."
76561197979674274,Recommended,268500,21649694,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Reaper717,It's a pretty decent game.
,Recommended,268500,21605290,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Eukaryot,"Awesome game, with fantastic ideas, tense and varied missions  and a really good strategic layer. Developping on EW experience, and taking some ideas from LW (the aliens are now actively developping themselves and try to impair your progress).The downside is the subpar performance and the many, many glitches. While I've been quite preserved on my modest rig, (core I5 3570, 8go Ram and a 560GTX), many users have encountered gamebreaking problems, or haven't been able to play it entirely. Recommended, but it may be better to wait for some patches. Buy at your own risk."
76561198008771415,Recommended,268500,21284874,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,The Restless Kaiser,"Tough but satisfying, this game improves on the reboot in almost every way.  There are innumerate reviews, lets plays and such out there if you want details and spoilers...I often think the mark of a successful game is my willingness to play it again after I lose.  Well I have done that quite a bit with this one.Only cautionary note:  this game is currently poorly optimised & will straing your rig.  I had to play it on lowewst settings with mid-range PC to get it to run smoothly.All I will say is that if you enjoyed the reboot, you will love this game.5/5 Worth waiting for"
76561198059612208,Not Recommended,268500,21301317,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,mr.verloc,"Horribly optimized, 15 fps during loading screen on a game that's exclusive to PC. I have a good PC, I can run most new games in high or ultra settings. Its just not acceptable"
,Not Recommended,268500,21716153,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Burgyiv,Not quite my tempo.
,Not Recommended,268500,23244067,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,rkist,Being a big fan of the franchise I couldn't ignore XCOM2.I played to the end with huge effort not because the difficulty or anything but because the astounishing amount of bugs!Seriously. This game has a ridicoulsy high amount of bugs.It is antonishing!To the end of the game you have to keep reloading because of the amount of problems.I am very disapointed and I think Fireaxis made a disservice to a very good franchise.
76561197980176366,Recommended,268500,23513270,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jsg388,I enjoyed my time!  Mods are easy to install and offer a wide variety of changes.  Not sure about replayability though.
76561198135815971,Not Recommended,268500,21343596,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,andikra,"time limit, time limit, TIME LIMIT!I like challenging strategy games and I think that this game does many things very well.The problem is... I don't have any fun...Time limits in some missions would have been okay, but this is too much. It's basically in (almost) every map.I can understand that most of you have fun with it but for me it's too annoying to give a positive feedback..."
76561198009509812,Not Recommended,268500,24096279,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,yorkie1428,"Bit of a disappointment. Xcom was good, but with this one they've tried to deviate from the template of the previous games. That's ok, but it doesn't really work. You're kind of shoe-horned into a particular path so only have the facade of making choices. You can deviate slightly, but you're severley punished for doing anything that stops the countdown timer.I also feel the difficulty of the game has increased hugely. Xcom might've been a little bit too easy, but this one is completely the other way. Tech advances come slowly, resources are always thin and you have to make decisions as to what to do without. After a short time all the aliens will be superior to your squad. And then there are the bosses... they are just insane. I gave up playing the game trying to defeat the Muton boss; when he is revealed all aliens on the map activate. So suddenly my squad of 4 is facing off against about 9 aliens including the boss who can solo my entire squad without taking much of a hit on his twenty or thirty health points.I've also noticed that overwatch almost never hits, there must be a huge penalty applied to it. The game looks fun- and should be, but you're constantly dragged from one emergency to the next before you're finished dealing with the first one. I'm sure it's entirely possible to win the game, but I think there must be a pretty rigid strategy involved in doing so. I just found it very frustrating. On the plus side, the game is pretty, no lag and I haven't experienced any crashes or bugs."
76561198009779692,Recommended,268500,23535839,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,AxeHole,Very good Game! worth every penny!
76561197976578342,Not Recommended,268500,23917796,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Player09,"Buyers regret.  Here's why:Enemies everywhere. Squaddie looks around says '@#$% it' and charges in towards the terminal with the last movement available to the team before the match timer hits zero. Stopping on one of the green pads right in front of the terminal eager to hack it and save the day she realizes 'oh, its the other green pad'. The end.The game is a rehash of xcom 1. There are mods that can give you everything this AAA (cough.. bull@#$%) title offers. I waited for the summer sale to pick it up because I had low expectations coming in even though i enjoyed the first xcom. I should of waited until it hit the $10 bin. Where it belongs. This production was nothing but a cash grab and they wont ever see another penny of mine."
,Not Recommended,268500,24368442,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Divisor,"This is one of the most bug-riddled games I have played in recent years. And it's a shame, 'cause I like it a lot.In 32 hours over a single playthrough, here's all of the garbage I've had to deal with:Continual framerate drops.Like, pretty much always. Anytime you zoom out or something blows up or the camera jumps around more than a couple times or you take too long in a mission. I'm running a GTX 970 and an i5 processor. I should not be having this much trouble to maintain 30+ FPS.Line of sight not working.Too often I've seen someone have sight when they shouldn't, or not have sight when they should, whether it was my guys or the enemy.Objectives not activating.I've had to reload saves and use console commands several times just to get an objective to register that I was within range of using it.Enemies actually cheating.I've seen aliens make moves they shouldn't have the AP for, rubberband around as they move so the game loses track of where they actually are (putting them in spots they shouldn't be able to get to), and shoot me clear from the other side of the map—through walls.Numerous crashes.I've crashed when finishing missions, after cutscenes, when loading saves, when saving saves... and to top it all off, I even crashed after theending. The game froze after the ending cutscene, and thendidn't save. I had to cheat just to finish the game again!Firaxis should be ♥♥♥♥ing embarrassed for letting a game stay this broken for this long. For as long as it remains in this state, I can't recommend it, and that bums me out. Underneath all the bugs is a pretty decent game, even if it isn't one that differs a whole lot from the first game (the story, for example, is practically identical). I'd play it again, but I absolutely wouldn't buy it again. Good thing I got it on sale."
76561198038901146,Recommended,268500,24926172,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jdb02,"3 of 5.  I'm glad I waited until this was on sale to buy.  I got the DLC with the sale, definately not worth the original listed price on release day.  It's a good one to check out now, but only if it stays on sale.  RNG dice games tend to need some major tweaking and this one is no exception.  It's like XCOM: EU all over again, getting sniped from across the map by a grunt alien, your soldiers can't hit anything like a stormtrooper rookie. ♥♥♥♥♥the 'savescum' thing, save as much as you want, besides this game will CTD crash a lot.  Doesn't seem stable.Check it out I guess, but not a full price."
76561198006260457,Recommended,268500,21029068,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Taritu,"The first thing I'd say is that there are a lot of reports of bugs and optimization problems, even with people with good rigs. I believe them given my own experience.  Given the graphics quality I can't understand why this game is such a resource hog.As for the game itself, so far I'm enjoying it.  The timers make the missions more interesting, force you to take some risks and that's a good thing, as opposed to the last XCOM where in most missions you would just creep up under overwatch.  Strategically you do have to make decisions, and often urgent necessity interrupts you.  The aliens are generally stronger, right out the front, and you may suffer for the first few missions (I did), till you get a hang of the new scouting systems and the enemy priorities (kill sectoids as priority near the start of the campaign.)Healing from injuries takes longer, forcing you to keep a larger roster of troops, you can't just use a single super-squad.Overall I find this more fun than the last XCOM, BUT it is more difficult, there are bugs, and it is badly optimized.  A qualified buy, with the qualificatin being you might wish to wait till some optimization/bug patches are out.But, given Steam's refunds, I don't see a downside to trying it now and refunding if the bugs/optimization are too much.  Just put aside some time to play it right after purchase."
76561198008158541,Recommended,268500,21029087,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Epicmind77,Awesome fun
,Recommended,268500,20961763,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,=S*E= MrVamp,after playing 3.5 hours i must say i am loving the game everything is just great from customiztion changeing the name of your weopens the enemies are awesome i love it great game
,Recommended,268500,21046176,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,StL BlitzKrieg,XCOM 2 is iterative in the best way. All the best parts of XCOM EU is here but turned up to 11. The classes are varied and all of them are awesome. The strategic layer is far more interesting now than ever before due to your ability to choose which regions you want to focus on. The tactical layer has been made better with the concealment mechanic and general updates and fixes. The only issue is that the game has some performance issues but tweaking settings should iron those out for the most part.All I can say is: XCOM lives.
,Recommended,268500,21011896,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Whysy,"Must have, period !"
76561198090468972,Not Recommended,268500,21030754,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,JT-Reed,"I loveddd the previous installments of XCOM. And in truth all this game has done is make me go back and play the older, better versions. The game is stupidly hard, and I don't mean ""Oh really good strategists will be able to beat this"" hard, I mean stupidly, stupidly hard. As mentioned by many others it throws timers at you to the point that you cant strategize at all (You have 10 turns to beat all enemies, rescue the VIP and get to the evac or you fail, etc). Not only that, but some aliens are just OP as hell due to their bugginess. There is a reptilian alien that is part snake that can literally flick its tongue at you and grab you through entire buildings and drag you through them, without breaking the concrete walls or anything, you just glitch straight through the solid concrete and die. I really wanted to enjoy this game, and its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that I just bought it and have massive regrets for the waste of $70. Given time I'm sure they can fix some of these issues, but as of now, avoid this like the plague.P.S. Play on Rookie mode is actually a more fair way to play the game, as pathetic as it seems."
76561197967446360,Recommended,268500,21029738,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Suranic,Gonna keep it simple. I can't stop playing it. Nuff said...  ;)
76561198045565371,Recommended,268500,21029173,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Leartes,"This is how XCOM EU/EW should have been. Random maps, crazy new aliens and a nice mix of missions. Loving it."
,Recommended,268500,21023972,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ki11sh0t_70,"Im new to the Xcom series so I was not sure if I would like Xcom 2 or not, but when I started playing this game I knew that my $60 dollars was put to good use. Amazing AI, deep stategic choices, great graphics, and fun tactical gameplay that is action packed. Definatly one of the best strategy you can buy right now. This game has loads of content from charcter customization to the deep lore about the aliens. Right now there are a few minor bugs I have run into where I had to reload to my last save but none were that big of a deal and im sure they will have them patched in no time.  9.7/10"
76561198001137124,Recommended,268500,21029007,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[KTZ] Mr. Snuggles,"-Your Ranger is flanking a Muton and has a 96% hit chance-Misses-Your Grenedier fires with a 34% hit chance from under a cliff-Critical hit, Muton flies off the cliff in glorious slow motion*Lady luck winks at you from behind your moniterYou love XCOM"
76561198018541325,Recommended,268500,21131563,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Yum,Solid game. Too easy though and a longwar-like hardcore game overhaul needed. Can't wait for that!
,Not Recommended,268500,23935783,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,erthos,"Fun, but a perfect example of terrible optimization. I managed to get most of the game running smoothly after some tweaking but there are still random jitters and cutscenes still stutter pretty hard.Game is great tho! Feels like a desperate struggle to survive at some points - really thrilling."
76561198013652293,Not Recommended,268500,21036706,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,eric.verkerke,"Truly disappointing. Clunky gameplay, terrible cutscenes and voice acting, and no real innovations in story or gameplay.This could have been a brilliant revival of X-Com Apocalypse, one of the best in the franchise, but instead they blew it."
76561198142538135,Recommended,268500,21246124,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dankleberries,"Very Fun... definitely worth the money. Personally I felt as if this game is much more difficult than Xcom EU/EW, but that's probably a good thing. Good chance that you'll love this game... well... until you run into a VERY SPECIFIC teleporting enemy. All jokes aside though, great game for Xcom veteran and noobs alike."
76561198078368770,Recommended,268500,21246598,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Squirrelz,Very fun
76561197988058922,Recommended,268500,21032878,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Snailygoat,"It's the perfect sequel to xcom, in all it's glory and RNGesus.Has some perfomance issues that I'm sure will be ironed out in due time."
76561198002736306,Recommended,268500,21024246,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,sleepingzzz,Bunch of babies on here giving the game a low review. They can no longer spam overwatch while moving inches at a time to cheese their way through the game like in XCOM EU. People cried saying XCOM EU was too easy. Now they cry saying it's too hard because of timers. I guess Firaxis just can't win.Game is great fun and very challenging. If you play on the higher difficulties expect to lose soldiers.
76561198050824325,Recommended,268500,21025622,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Fedora The Explorer,"Besides the poor optimization on launch, this game is a worthy sequel to XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Just wait till they fix the performance issues before you buy!"
,Recommended,268500,21246179,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,AllOuttaEnemies,goddamn whata game!
,Recommended,268500,21015434,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Av0k,"Great game, can get lost for hours while playing.  So many different enemy types along with all the customizations it is definitely worthy of being a sequel to the first XCOM"
76561198083028585,Not Recommended,268500,21018557,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sergeant117,"I don't really know what to say about this game.When i first started my playthrough i loved, it was new, beautiful, and the armor looked really cool.BUT then i went back to Xcom 1 Worst mistake ever, After that the Advent looked really stupidThe AI boring and really dumb, The maps look like im playing Advanced warfare (i hate Cod)And the really Bad interface not very accessible at all way to small and hard to see.After all that i'd rather Just keep my 60$ and play Xcom1going to get a refund"
76561198017250004,Recommended,268500,20993262,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Flinch,"Three missions in and I can already tell I'm gunna be playing this for many more hours to come.This game totally caught be off guard, I was expecting a slightly better version of Xcom: Enemy Within, but I couldn't of been more wrong. Xcom 2 is a very in-depth, well thought out, complex, interesting, fun and challenging game.Fantastic graphics, gripping storyline, epic cutscenes, badass gameplay, endless customization in many areas, terrifying enemies and great diversity throughout each mission/map, every encounter is a different experience.One thing I will say is (unless I'm just useless at this game) it is a hard game, and you will be challenged to your highest capabilities in combat. Even outside of combat, you need to think hard and make sure you are making the right choices.I'm not going to lie, there are some performance issues, it could run a bit more smoothly for my liking. However, it is most certainly smooth enough to have a stable gameplay experience. In fact, after getting halfway through the first mission I was concentrating so damn hard on not dying that I didn't even notice any flaws."
,Not Recommended,268500,21507278,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,gurg13,"While there is a lot to like in XCOM 2, but  there are some very glaring issues with the game.  Primarily it's with the level design. The designers for the most part have rebuilt the experience of playing ""Tomb of Horrors"" with a thirteen year old &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; Dungeon Master very well. The levels are not designed around strategy some much as how can we force players into a situation where they are at a frustrating disadvantage. Often you are driven to this by timers of some sort.My second key issue if the base level game. While I appreciate the feeling of scrounging to survive, I find it annoying that you can't choose your battles. The game forces you along in a particular grind that sucks a lot of the enjoyment out of the game. The missions are not varied enough, and compared to XCOM 1 (with the expansion) there has been some ground loss here. I hope in the future that they correct these and other issues, I suggest you wait until there is a significant update, or a drop in price."
76561198100617971,Not Recommended,268500,24446008,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,LordvonToten,"Not worth the money, frustration, or insult to Xcom 1."
,Recommended,268500,20961228,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Irish Imperator,"Obviously havn't played a lot, but from what I have played, this looks set to be a fantastic and solid sequel to XCOM EU/EW, graphics are great, new map design is great, some slight performance issues, but i'm sure they'll be ironed out in the coming days, charcter customization is fantastic, I porbably spent about 45 minutes on that alone.The new class system might seem off putting at first, but it's very well structered in my opinion, i'm really enjoying it.All in all, bar some small performance issues, a very, very satisfying and solid first impression! Definitely reccomend!"
76561198020003122,Not Recommended,268500,21511616,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,daveg_sc,Game crashes during each mission. Tried playing with tutorial and without and never get past a single mission
76561198087068766,Recommended,268500,20963329,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Slashdamon,After tutorial is done I realize Central has become the manliest character in the game and the Commander is still a mute.Then my first promoted soldier decided to use a machete as a weapon.10/10
76561198134077461,Not Recommended,268500,21510312,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,neolondres,"I feel deceived. If regret could kill, I would be burried on the ground by now. I was very excited to have a cool new turn based strategy RPG arriving on the PC, and considering the analysis from the specialized critics, this sounded like a safe aquisition. How could I be so naive! I should have pirated this one, so I would have wasted this ammount of money on something that would actually bring me some fun!I cannot recomend XCOM 2. The game is so, so so difficult, that it just takes away any possibility for you to have fun or satisfaction. No, no. The game will cheat its own rules to just punish the player. I played difficult games before, but they were normally a matter of taming the rules of the game to overcome the challenges. In Dark Souls, for example, you know that if you got killed it was because you didn't react in time to avoid the enemy blow. Here, in XCOM 2, nothing will be able to secure you from defeat.Each battle is a loss for you. Your resources will depleat faster than you will be able to replenish them. Your enemies will kill your soldiers, and all the time you spent developing him will be wasted. But can you train to increase your level before entering a battle? No, because the game will throw you fights, that you better not postpone, and you will have to face it with the resources that you have. While you soldiers will lose life in the battle, the enemies will not stop spawning in the field. They will even appear out of sudden, and position themselves inside your turn, giving them advantage over you that you cannot respond back.It's turn based game (your turn, then the game's turn, and so forward), and I can imagine people creating saves each turn, just to be sure that you will always have the best outcome of your choices. But this is a poor way to have fun. It's a torture. Since the game has so many mechanisms to defeat you, then this could be the only cheat that you use in your favor.It's a pity.On top of that, the game is ridicously heavy. The loading takes around 3 to 4 minutes to put you in the game (it takes more time than GTA V, that has so much more data), and then, when you going to start a battle, you will have to wait for another loading again! Even with a powerfull GPU, the scenes will stutter. Forget about solid 60fps. And the graphics are not that advanced, so these issues are not acceptable.Some may say that I just suck on this game, and that I didn't learned the strategies. But then, I would love to see how it should be correctly played then, because from what I could see on the other players testimonials is that they are having a miserable time too. I really would like to see someday, the developer of this game explaining why he thought that forcing this difficulty on the player could be any kind of fun. Because after 27 hours on this, I had none, and I already uninstalled it from my PC."
76561198090512008,Not Recommended,268500,24427872,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,TK,"6/10Gameplay wise, easily 9/10, but....CRASH-CRASH-CRASH-CRASH-CRASHEven after months of release and some major patches. This really ruin the gaming experience.Imagine being in an intense situation, only for game to crash. And it usually takes Steam a good 5-10 mins until it recognize that the game is no longer running before you can restart.Not reccomended until a stable build is released."
76561197961883852,Recommended,268500,34346668,Posted: 19 August,all,boblikesoup,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. Gameplay is generally challenging, yet fast and smooth. There are a variety of viable tactics on both the tactical battle and campaign map levels. This is best played with the Long War 2 mod, as well as many other mods, that shore up some gameplay issues, UI conveniences, and add more variety to your time. My biggest complaint would be the amount of end-game micromanagement needed to equip your squads."
,Not Recommended,268500,21163970,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,『　　』,"I'd like to preface this by saying that XCOM 2's gameplay is fantastic, virtually every element of the gameplay has been improved since enemy within - both within and outside of the active missions. However, no amount of fun and engaging gameplay can compensate for the rampant bugs present within the game, which ruin the overall experience.The camera bugs from the previous title remain, and have somehow gotten worse, with the camera often focusing on the wrong units or simply nothing at all. In addition, certain enemies will crash the game when they attack, and should that occur when other enemies are burrowed the save gets corrupted, leading to some very frustrating lack of progress.The bugs need fixing for this game to be worth buying."
,Recommended,268500,21046928,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fusi0n .ReaKt0r',"A deliciously punishing update to one of the most successful reboots in hystory. This game improves and expands every nut, bolt, and level that was at your disposal in Enemy Unknown. This is what triple AAA is supposed to be. Buy this.Small note worth mentioning, you may want to wait a little bit. Try not to mind the people crying on here about the difficulty/ timers/ what not, but the people complaining about technical problems are generally on point. There are some issues. The game struggles on even high end machines. The camera can bug out in various hilarious ways. Maps crash. You can end up with save files that crash. Some of these can be struggled through (often if you just wait a little while before doing a mission the map will generate a new one if your rig is having trouble loading a particular combination or size) but it can be a struggle. Maps with fire seemed to be particularly punishing to my rig. Still totally worth it, but the issues are there."
76561198034941170,Recommended,268500,21047282,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Amiriclemythzz,"Turn before activating a sectopod an Archon flew into my squad, so I put everything on him, missed 2 75% chances and a 51% chance, before hitting with a 44% chance and critting the kill with a 48% chance.XCom."
76561198086093824,Not Recommended,268500,25193482,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Got to be Real,"Has the potential to be fun and engaging sometimes ( far more so when it *works*) ...but I cannot recommend this or the x-com EU/EW games unless you are okay with there being far, FAR, too many bugs, lazy programmmng and lazy development, and just wierd stuff going on with the game mechanics and design.Some interesting ideas, but imo still underdeveloped with far too much tunnel-vision going on and a lack of inventiveness and creativity. Too many *timed missions* that forces huge risk-taking and forces a limited style of play that just seems contrary to *turn-based tactics*. The overall pacing is a nonsense too; it truly feels as if the developers don't want people to actually be able to just enjoy the experience!Be prepared to use the save and reload buttons A LOT....becasue.....you know.... ♥♥♥♥♥♥happens*; particularly prone to all manner of LOS problems and just random inexplicable wierdness to do with % calculations, and just some highly idiosyncratic game mechanics.Buy when in a steam sale, and then load up with your choice of mods to make the game actually playable and to find a way to fit your style. The vanilla game experience is not recommended unless you want to just play *jump through the hoops* all the time.Has the potential to be so much better thought-out than this!I give the  game a score of 4/10 but give the modding community a score of 9.5/10!"
76561198029450434,Not Recommended,268500,30889970,Posted: 1 April,all,Spooderboy,"Amazing mechanics, utterly ruined by completely braindead balancing.This game has no idea what is appropriate to throw at the player early-game, and has the pacing of an olympic track runner on crack cocaine laced with speed. Before I had even completed one of the first major story mission I already had Mutons being thrown at me, on ""Normal"" difficulty. At this point I was still using tier 1 weapons and armor, and had no soldier above the rank of Sgt.When every mission past the tutorial feels like an inescapable deathtrap, your game is way too ♥♥♥♥ing hard. I should not be losing entire squads less than 3 in-game months into the game, because the game though that throwing MECs- something that you got during MID-GAME in Enemy Within- at me was appropriate on the second month.In short, this game does not hesitate to stomp your balls as hard as it can, as soon as it can. Don't buy it unless you want to keep yourself stuck in Easy mode forver, or unless you just have the best luck on the ♥♥♥♥ing planet.3/10, I'd rather just play Enemy Unkown."
76561198083922786,Not Recommended,268500,30968772,Posted: 5 April,all,slr,"Let me start by saying that I am a fan of the X-Com franchiseand I like it that an AAA game like this runs on Ubuntu Linux.However I do not recommend this version (Xcom 2), as I got frustrated playing it.The last (X-Com Enemy unknown/within) also had some bad points, but not as much.Firstly X-Com 2 contains a lot of bugs (even the game was released already a year ago), like:- sometimes the game wont start.- when it starts ok, the keyboard sometimes wont work (only mouse works).- the animated camera movement (zoom in/out) can set its position/view to wrong coordinates.- the GUI sometimes displays buttons on top of eachother, so you can't press the button underneath- before a mission starts the button to release items of non-active soldiers will sometimes abort the mission, thus making it impossible to release items for that mission.- often the game will let my laptop hang (probably due to overheating).- enabling autosave seem to cause a more frequent hang situation (SSD issue?)- a few times the game simply crashed.- using the mouse to select a movement path might exclude locations which should be reachable.- when high up a building you can see stuff floating in the air, which clearly should be at the ground- the physics engine will show weird impossible animations- a viper can take a soldier (Tongue Pull) through a walled corner- an enemy can sometimes shoot through walls/roof- enemy (and you) can detect (and shoot) through doors- standing next tile to enemy in plain sight and still its not a target- sometimes an enemy is made visible upon shooting another, then disappears after the action.- an enemy robot ""Advent Mec"" can jump high and stay standing in mid-air.Then the bad game mechanics:- the chance to hit is too much random, even with over 90% chance a sniper might miss 3 times in a row- note also that reloading a save game will deliver different random results, which is ofcourse nice to create higher chances.. but also means the randomness statistics can not be valid.- when a soldier dies, one or two will get panic and be useless and so most of the time the whole team will be dead.- a sniper at a roof in half-cover cloaked behind a wall, can still be seen and shot dead by one shot- a sniper behind a tree in full-cover is unable to hit an enemy at a line straight through the tree, even though the soldier animation shows he/she is looking around the tree.- an enemy group might detect my movement and get an extra movement turn to hide, which is uneven advantage.- red squares denote tiles that (your soldiers know) are seen by enemies, but moving your soldier will erase some of those (so I have to remember which were red squares for the whole turn).- those red squares do not seem to be updated correctly, as sometimes a square next to it is also seen by the enemy.- in most cases the shown possible movement path excludes red squares, but sometimes they include them.. I have to check closely each time.- the game allows different building types, but only a few are essential and the rest can be discarded as useless.- the same with certain items/weapons, they are not relevant (eg vests cost utility spot but only get you one/two hitpoints)- to do certain actions in the GUI you need to press buttons a lot, while it could have been made eassier/faster with a single button.- very nice animations appear before/after starting missions, however they get bored quickly.. pressing Esc skips them but can also abort starting the mission.- the help inside the game is very bad (eg. choosing between special abilities and building needs many google searches to make them clear).- some missions are impossible- the computer AI's turn and executing of storyline scripting takes a significant amount of time- AI detection is too simply.. when not cloaked the enemy will detecting you when in range (even through high cover)- when still cloaked, the AI guard movement is guided towards you.. making it more difficult to sneak past.So the frustration causes me to:- reload back when one of my soldiers dies or a mission can't be completed ok.- disabling the autosave (which overwrites itself after a few minutes) and manual save before/after each mission.- restart the laptop after each hang.- restarting the game after crash.- hit escape to skip the animations, but not the mission.- keep the amount of actions to a minimum, as there require many mouse movements+clicks.- keep google search open to help me find info about each new selection opportunity."
76561198030733123,Not Recommended,268500,25950221,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,mike-crane,"I hav played, beat and loved almost all the previous XCOM games all the way back to DOS days. This game is just frustrating. Its too hard in the WRONG ways which really takes away from the enjoyment of the game. How many frigging moves does a 'ruler reaction' get?.  Its just too random, Snakes grabbing me trough floors. I just wish i had bought something else. Its ONLY frustratng."
76561198005637906,Not Recommended,268500,30571603,Posted: 17 March,all,Gunbunny,"Dont bother, seriosely, this game has more problems than its worth. If you have any of the first X-Com, stick with them as they are quite finely tuned and refined. X-Com 2 is a messy bag of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and include such irritating bugs as targeting through walls, game braking mechanics such as the Sectoids constant use of Panik meaning you can go whole turns in a row without actually being able to control your team, targeting through walls and the inability to be able to target. I once had a guy stood right in front of an Advent soldier but refused to shoot it, while another guy down the ally was more than happy to shoot at it, through a ♥♥♥♥ing wall of all things!!!"
76561198004665169,Not Recommended,268500,29077439,Posted: 6 January,all,ุSahfy The Hell-bent Calamity,"Most expensive demo that I have played.I would love to know how this game plays but it crashes every bleedin' time I try to complete the tutorial and see some guy on a gurney being rushed down a hall and if I skip it I will miss out on story.I looked up how to fix it and no cigar. I tried turning on subtitles and off and doing various things I could find on the net.Best xmas ever.Huge amount of space on HD.Sorry for having the review be harsh before but this thing just doesn't run even on my modern comp and even if I uncheck all mods. Hopefully I can get a refund!It doesn't let you save in the tutorial which is also murder for troubleshooting this particular crash. I eventually began to mime the characters actions and words as I tried fruitlessly to make it past the crash. Everything else runs perfectly, even Ark.Attempted Refund:We are unable to refund this purchase to your Steam Wallet at this time. Your playtime of an included product exceeds 2 hours (our refund policy maximum).Nevermind the fact that in the refund request I stated that the entire 5 hours (and many more hours out of the game) were spent troubleshooting trying to get this dumpster trash to work.DIAF."
76561197979184781,Recommended,268500,34508286,Posted: 26 August,all,GammaKitsune,"You might see some people criticising this game for putting a timer on many of the missions.Don't listen to these people.The timer mechanic is one of the best additions to the series that Firaxis could have made. In previous X-Com titles, your were encoraged to creep through every level at a snail's pace, moving very slowly and taking turn after turn to try to get the drop on enemy aliens. This lead to a slow, dull playstyle, with lots of wasted turns and a whole lot of nothing happening. XCOM 2 makes this effectively impossible, forcing you to think on your feet, make bold strategic decisions, and sometimes fight your way out of a bad sitution that you couldn't possibly have forseen.This adds a lot of pressure and intensity to every match that just wasn't present in previous titles. Before, if you got into a bad situation it was usually because you weren't slow and overcautious enough. There was almost never a reason not to play that way. In this game there's a fine balance between playing carefully and aggressive, risky choices, because if you take it too slow you're going to run out of time and lose the mission.Besides, after you play a few rounds, you realize that they usually give you just enough time to finish. It's not that hard."
,Not Recommended,268500,23764317,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Utterfail,"XCOM 2 by all rights, should be a fun game, but is hampered by many technical difficulties. I get 20fps in game with an AMD FX 8320 and an R9 390x, if you buy it be sure to see if it runs well within your 2 hour return window."
76561197991270784,Recommended,268500,31530667,Posted: 3 May,all,Lawltack,A hugely entertaining tactical time sink that's well worth the asking price for the base game. Throw in the FREE Long War 2 mod that adds a massive wealth of content to an already amazing game and you've got yourself a winner. 9.5/10
76561197966058769,Recommended,268500,25772160,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mithryno,"One of the very best games I own. All the people complaining about it being too hard / too easy / having some rule or other they don't like have failed to click on steam workshop. There is a mod for every kind of version of the game you could want.Completely legendary on ironman mode - it doesn't get any more exciting sat in front of a computer.Also, I have no performance issues whatsoever, though admittedly I have a good CPU with 970 graphics card..."
,Recommended,268500,29759173,Posted: 7 February,all,Dan Hibiki,"A Prayer to RNGsus:Our fatherWho art in XCOM 2Hallowed be thy GameThy kingdom comeThy RNG be dumbOn AMD as it is on NVIDIAGive us this day our daily critAnd forgive us our misclicksAs we forgive those who misclick against usAnd lead us not into our enemies' line of sightBut deliver us from save scumming.For thine is the Ranger, and the Grenadier, and the Sharpshooter,and the Specialist, and the Psionic, and maybe the SPARK if we bought the DLC,for ever and ever, or at least until XCOM 3 comes out. Amen."
76561197992720210,Not Recommended,268500,28931570,Posted: 1 January,all,ContactWithTheEnemy,"So dissapointed, I had high expectations wtih this one, considering how the Longwar boys showed Firaxis how good the previous title could be.  Bad Bugs, poor graphics performance, poorly exectuted and no way near as good as the previous title in the series.I've waited to revisit the game and write a review, hoping the patches and mods would fix the issues, but alas no, my loyalty to the series is gone, the game is just sub par. But alas I am biased, my review is certainly subjective, this is on me because I set high hopes for this one.  I would not recommend buying it, but read other more thought out reviews, i am just bitter."
,Recommended,268500,20959345,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Tiger,"The glorious ""Missed"" simulator 2.0!!!Being on the high ground while flanking the enemy and have a 99% hit chance and you miss!! And thankfully to the hair trigger gun mod you can repeat your shot and miss again.*** put Obama approves picture here ***This is X-com alright :DLove it!"
76561198040624359,Not Recommended,268500,31415779,Posted: 28 April,all,Absintus,"Verdict: This is game you should ""play"", not a game you should ""buy""... at full price.... here's why:If you're a long time player and fan of Xcom then this game is for you and you will love it, it has some new features and new gameplay mechanics which you will enjoy, but somethings will to some extent put you off and sometimes mad at it.POSITIVE (Minors)Visuals - This game looks amazing, the characters design, the armours, the weapons are superb, plus the customizations makes it even better, huge array of colours and modifications you can do, makes your squads unique.The antagonists (enemies!!!) are also refined and give that extra feel of woe when you are battling them.The maps are smaller (due perhaps to the countdown feature!) and more manageable, they are gorgeous!Gameplay - Its interesting to the least, new moves and weapons, will make you say often: ""wow!!... i can do that!!?"" or ""amazing!"", and when you combine them in Overwatch to set ambushs, the cinematic scene its glorious.The antagonists (enemies!!) are also smarter, they will work to flank you, support their teammates, hoard your squad to a small spot and throw a acid grenade just for 'lols'.They will also flee when they're in a disadvantaged situation and regroup with other far away squads when they're isolated. This nice feature is exarcebated with enemy diversity within the squads, different type of 'aliens' work together to bring the most of pain to your heroes... and they will succeed.Resource management is somewhat easy than previous XCOMs, as the mobile base of yours will be easily upgraded. The missions are enjoyable,challenging and doable...however the difficulty of gameplay will not come from missions, and enemies but rather from some bizarre clusterf**k of things that in my opinion plague this game!Soundtrack - Very nice! Its more moody and paced than the thrilled one of the previous XCOM, it will make you almost cry in those epic moment...i said almost :_(!!NEGATIVE (Majors)Performancea) Pagefile - This game uses at very least 5-6 Gigs of Ram... all fine.. but when you read Pagefile numbers it reaches 6-7 Gigs of Pagefile!!!!... In 2016!!?  For a total of 13 Gigs of RAM + Pagefile!! ?? If it runs on a lot of Pagefile it can only mean one thing: Stutter!! Horrid gamebreaker stutter!! And if you put mods  it can reach higher.b) Stutter, cutscenes - This game has a huge enjoyable cutscenes, when your squad drop from the transport in AO (Area of Operation) in zip lines, that is so awesome... until stutter happens!Not only in in-game cutscenes but also in the plot cutscenes, which are excepcionally well made and one of the best parts of this game, but are dragged to the ground with stutter and small pauses! And it kills it!c) Anti-aliasing - MSAA its a no-no, FXAA will help, but all AA in XCOM2 will drag your FPS to the 24-34 fps, VRAM even with 3.4 Gigs of use in its peak, does not seem to include AA... probably its all in Pagefile! The rest of graphics option seem ok!Gameplaya) Battle difficulty - The Devs right before launch thought the game was easy, so they made it more harder (not my words, google it!!), what resulted instead was a cringy set of combat never seen in XCOM.The Missions themselves are not hard, BUT, the AI just for some reason overwhelms you with sheer numbers, and more often it pulls the heavy-hitters, that in some point later in the game its Gatekeepers, Sectopods and Andromedons in all missions!From the simple beacon hack to the UFO 'break-in' raid... and early you just thought Codexes ( an antagonist...) were hard!The Last Mission its absurd: you have to deal with the bosses, and... you guessed... a huge sea of enemies, which comes with all with the above mentioned... and more!There was a beacon mission, when you have to run to it at the same time the enemies are going to it and destroy it. The AI distopic sense of gameplay balance there, just went up the charts, i have never seen such battle and it was soo cheesy, that that one beats the last mission on the matter of difficulty.b) Can see enemies & shoot through walls - Another constant 'feature' its the shooting through the walls, and the cheating spotting of adversaries through them, by the heroes and enemies alike.c) Super powerful squads at later stages -  the easiness wich you can reach full unstoppable power with your squads is a feature that i have mix opinions. You can enjoy the new armour and weaponary and its uses, but when at the same you can dispatch 5-6 enemies with at least a heavy hitter, in a ambush with Overwatchits laughable, Grenadiers, Rangers and the Super Cheesy Gunslinger Build of Sharpshooter, takes some of the tactical aspect of the game.But then you say:""... but you said the AI was also cheesy, so it compensates!"", and you're right, but what happens next it that the AI compensates cheesiness over chessiness, and it bring more and more enemies, so in reality your advantage its lost.You can see that, when in the last mission, one of your fully upgraded to an 'unstoppable-tank' Grenadier, gets overwhelmed by an absurd 3-4 fully upgraded advent basic troops plus 2 Heavy-Hitters! Thats the only way to kill him!Even when you, prior to a mission, made a mission where you stopped enemy reinforcements for a while, i saw the AI pull reinforcements anyway! Wassup wit dat!!?d) Lack of menus and of informative details - The game lack proper menus, for squad built and rooms management as well as shortcuts buttons to take were you want to go. You want to go a menu you have to click, click, click!You have to manually, remove items, armours from each squad members in order to reuse them on other squad members.Avatar countdown is also somewhat lacking, Comm Rooms and Towers and some of the most critical investments, but it doesnt get enfasized! I manage to pull myself of a predictament (lack of intel, and cost of Contacts), due to a hasty set of missions!CONCLUSION (post verdict!)Game seems rushed (the lack of menu interfaces show that and the poor perfomance) and its mainly a ruffed console port, you have to use tweaks to repair things Devs should had made themselves.When you have to:1) Limit the framerate to 30fps to reduce stutter on a PC.2) Enable Pagefile to large amounts (terrible on SSD's, altough Windows still needs some pagefile even on SSD), and some people dont want to enable/have pagefile on their systems.3) Use Mods to help the menus and item allocation, because the way i see it mods should enrich the game, not fix it. The  'Inventory Use mod' plus the 'Uniform Manager' were critical to improve the gameplay, plus other mods while not relevant to the game helps it with new uniforms and camos for example.It Crashes, Stutters, bots glitch sometimes like hitting twice in a turn.The 'Your PC is weak and you need to upgrade' doesnt cut it anymore, and companies need to pay more atention to this.Like i said if you like XCOM, XCOM2 will give good moments,especially if everything runs smooth.In the final mission (Commander Difficulty) i lost my Blade Master Ranger and self-based Bad-A*s Grenadier, in a epic last moment, swathing through enemies with blade,shotgun, grenades and heavy-gun (The pile of bodies was huge!!), just so their teammates could do that last assault on the boss and save the day!Performance more than anything its the culprit of a not recommendation, when you ask 60 coins for a game, you have to deliver the 60 Dollars/Euros product.I cant recommend a game when its broken. There was 99% to make this game a Hit, with a Critical and it missed... thats NOT XCOM. Positive recommendation means to the game works during gaming, and on your PC, remember that PC gave fame and to some degree support to XCOM, not consoles.Buy it on sale.Edited* for Errors & Text Consistency ( darn Sectoids!)"
,Recommended,268500,21064363,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Multiplex10,"Wonderful game. Hard as f--k, too (and I'm playing on Veteran). There are a few rendering bugs, but nothing game-breaking; hopefully those will get fixed eventually.I kind of love it when one of my character's guns doesn't show up and it looks like they fingergunned an X-ray to death, though. Don't fix that one."
76561198026873914,Recommended,268500,21783877,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ghouleh,"It's a lukewarm 'Yes'.PROS-Reworked classes feel a lot more well-rounded.-Psi Operatives can be researched sooner, and have a lot more options at their disposal.-Aesthethically pleasing in it's environments.-New world map feels more dynamic than the Enemy Unknown's.-Characters have a bit more personality to them, including your own silent, invisible protagonist.-New Concealment mechanic adds a new, welcome layer of strategy to the game.-Modding support is going to be the lifeblood of the game going forward, and I cannot overstate how much this is an excellent decision that's going to extend the game's lifespan considerably.TRADE-OFFS-Base-building is streamlined and simplified-Almost all missions are timed; makes for riveting gameplay at times. At other times it's just annoying.-Whilst cosmetic customization seems to have become more in-depth, it seems to have come at the cost of helmets that don't look dumb.-New Credits/Intel/Power/Contacts resource dynamic changes up how you go about things.-Tech Tree has been reworked to separate technology upgrades (which are global once purchased) from unique randomized items (which have to be built one by one)-Plot is just as badly explained as Enemy Unknown's.CONS-Badly optimized. Stuttering, freezes, long loading times, crashes and corrupted save files.-No fighter jet strategic allocation or combat.-No independent robot characters, such as SHIVs.-No MELD-related technologies. Yet.-Hacking seems to have been poorly thought out and is rarely worth the trouble, since it's statistically disadvantageous across the board to ever use it.-No capturing live aliens. Skulljacking is nowhere as fun, challenging or useful as capturing live aliens.-""Shaken"" mechanic is a needless penalty that will annoy you till death.Keeping it short: I loved Enemy Unkwnown, but XCOM 2 feels a bit too samey for my tastes, even though it's a good game in it's own right. If you're up for more of the same, go for it. If I had known all that I know now, I wouldn't have picked it up for full price, at least not until they fixed most of the optimization issues and spawned a couple dozen good mods."
,Recommended,268500,21328091,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Nitrozen,"Nice, but short one. 8/10"
76561198072368277,Recommended,268500,24016735,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,schulz1,"I think this game is an outstanding improvement over enemy unknown. I'm not terribly great at reviews, so I'll summerize my thoughts on the game in itemized form.1) Combat is more interesting: I feel like the amount of abilities the enemies possess is much more diverse and so makes for more tactical decisions in deciding how to engage.2) Soldier classes much more balanced: In enemy unknown, some of the classes just didn't hit the powercurve properly. Support was generally meh, snipers were generally OP past squaddie, etc. etc. Now it seems that there is no single class I groan about my rookies becoming because they all serve incredibly useful purposes (though rangers and grenadiers are preferable in the extremely early game).3) As in the first one, ""perfect play"" is rewarded. I can generally get through the first 8 missions or so without the enemy getting off a single shot. As enemy HP increases, this becomes more difficult, but good play will rarely leave your soldiers in mortal danger.4) The power-curve is very well balanced. Even on a blind playthrough on normal difficulty, I never felt like I was impossibly behind the aliens (but I also had very good play and only needed to recruit one soldier, that probably helped, haha!). This kind of dissappointed me, but I guess I can crank up the difficulty. New species are encountered one a fairly regular basis, each one upping the ante, but until the mid-game/end such sightings will rarely perturb the balance of power.5) XCOM development is somewhat less linear. Once the proving grounds is built, one may devote resources to new ammo, armors, grenades, etc. I enjoyed being able to choose what new items were being developed and it helps shape playstyle.The bad:1) Timed missions CAN be tedious. Some of the new missions are timed, i.e. you have x number of turns to accomplish the objective and evac. This will sometimes prove incredibly difficult to manage. I enjoy the fast past, but ironman players should be aware that many timed missions will force an uncomfortable push forward with the tradeoff typically being massive mission rewards.2) At higher levels, missions start to come in very quickly. From a gamplay perspective, this is fine as it forces either a large soldier pool or skilled play, but from a human perspective sometimes I burn out from missions and just want to watch XCOM progress their tech a little. This issue is covered more extensively in other reviews, and it is a legitimate concern, but nothing to warrent a negative review in my opinion.In summary, I think this is a fantastic tactical game. It is not without its flaws, but they are generally minor and have yet to detract from my enjoyment thus far. I had read reviews complaining of how it was unstable, contained glitches, or was unfair, but I have not encountered any of these issues."
,Recommended,268500,24045922,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Devil Room HD,"addictive as hell, buy this!!!9/10"
76561198036335355,Recommended,268500,23796586,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mlgiardina,"This game is fantastic, and this game can be really hard.It took me a long time to finally beat the game on Veteran mode, and I still haven't had a successful Iron Man run yet. Maybe I'm crazy, but I just keep coming back for more.Compared to the first Xcom by Firaxis, this game improves on every single aspect. More customization, more types of facilities, more upgrades, more everything. The way the game is crafted, you feel like you are constantly one step away from blowing the whole thing, and I love that. You must pick your upgrades and research carefully because you will never have enough money or time for everything. I cannot recommend this game enough. Truly fantastic."
76561198032073131,Not Recommended,268500,24031792,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,☣Kekskuchen☣,the story is shortmore like a civil war than against aliens and cut off at the endx-com 1 was much better
,Recommended,268500,20967767,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Snowy,"Great game so far, 8 hours in. Here's my attempt at a quick and dirty pro/con list.+Difficulty is much more amped in this game. I love it so far.+Most mechanics in this game are great. The global strategy part is astoundingly more detailed than EU.+Character customization is much better.+Graphics are great. Definite improvement over the first game.+Ability to create characters before starting a campaign and put them into a ""character pool"" that you can recruit from.+Ridiculous modding potential, as the game was released with dev kit.+Replayability from above point; also, I lost my first campaign and raged. Already coming back for more.-Goddamn Stun Lancers.-Mother♥♥♥♥ing Stun Lancers.-Map timers in abundance (8 turns until you lose!); cautious/slow players beware. EDIT: There is now a mod to change this.-Performance issues EVERYWHERE. Personally don't have problems, but many, many people are complaining.-Occasional graphical glitch involving floor/ceiling transparencies, which is annoying.-STUN. LANCERS.So far, I only really hate Stun Lancers (but they're mangeable... kind of) and the Map/Round timers, as well as the occasional FPS blip and slow-ish loading times.8/10 as of Feb 6th, 2016."
76561198032570825,Recommended,268500,20968927,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Imperator,"My ranger missed a 94% chance to hit, with her sword. 10/10 would slash again! Welcome back xcom!!"
76561198007022826,Recommended,268500,20971584,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nemrod,"A very difficult game (legend), as it should be. ^^Sure there are some issues, like fps drop, but nothing major. If you want to play a great turn based game, buy it!"
76561198038921480,Recommended,268500,20966934,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,HeavyMetalJezus66,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS GREAT GET IT NOW
76561198054359602,Recommended,268500,20967923,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mad-Hamlet,I fell in love with XCOM2 when I got to the third mission.Codename: TOMB HOLE.It just doesn't get any better.
,Recommended,268500,20967422,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,sig,terrific game. you'll have yourself on the edge of your seat during every single mission. probably one of my picks for game of the year 2016 and the year just started
,Recommended,268500,20966769,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Bert_Pitty,"So here's the deal, the game expands on the previous game in a fantastic way. Only con right now is slight frame drops in certain areas, I think its when the game loads the level, as your men drop in. If you like turn based tactical games, where one wrong move and you lose a toon you worked hard on get this game, I cant express how much I am enjoying this game."
76561198003940821,Recommended,268500,23209345,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,GorkaMorka,XCOM 2 is gonna make you cry - both with frustration and with joy.10 dead colonels out of 10.
,Not Recommended,268500,30619167,Posted: 19 March,all,The Chuck Norris,I like XCOM series but this one is kinda empty...
76561197965991256,Not Recommended,268500,28400484,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,FragMonkey,"The power creep and limited time maps will frustrate you to no end, this is nothing like XCOM 1 and Enemy Unknown.Great if you want a challenge, or don't mind save-scumming over and over because of bull-sh!t that can utterly destroy your playthroughs."
76561198011798942,Not Recommended,268500,21195938,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,dcdc,"AMD Radeon R9 200 SeriesRadeon Software Version: 15.11Windows 7Crashes during mission load video; unplayable. It's a shame - I was really looking forward to this, but can't find a solution yet."
,Not Recommended,268500,21196311,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,alberic81,Im able to finish it even thou the game have its flaw. i cant lie that I love it!Sadly i cant be Bias here even thou im a big Fan.. i must be a customer or a gamer first... so i cant recommend it at its current state =(i personally experience lots of random system crash... it sometime happen.. 10 minute into the game or sometime 1 hour into the game.if not system crash.. My computer will pop up a warning.. that my memory is running low.. I assume some memory leak happen at the background.FPS drop or spike up for no reason.. clearly it needs some optimization. I know FPS not important for this type of games.. yet its annoyingSome bugs i assume? for example.. like Alien shot or Melee tru walls.. i experience a Viper pull or ripped my unit through 2 solid walls.. its clearly need some major Quality controlAnother thing that bugs me is the Loading time between screen.. sometimes it take ages for it to load up.. and im running it under SSD =_='
,Recommended,268500,25538536,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PeppercornSteak,"The bad thing about making hot waifu soldiers with modded in long hair and skimpy clothes is that the muton never misses.10/10, would watch fashion model army get gunned down by aliens again."
76561198087109678,Recommended,268500,25839963,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,TakeWhatOutForHarambe?,"As someone who just bought this game on sale 4 days ago, i'm honestly blown away by how much i love this game. If you like turn-based strategy games as well as getting wayyy too emotionally invested in your created game characters then let me tell you, this game is for you! If you're looking for fast paced games, turn away, each mission can take anywhere from 20 - 40min going at a relatively fast pace of play, and your game can end if you make the wrong decisions (After my first 14 hours playing, i lost, and frankly, I was pretty crushed, but it got me to hit start new game, and create an even better team. All in all, if you don't mind waiting for the Ai to decide in what its going to do, and every now and then losing a squad member you really liked to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bullet that even your best sharpshooter couldn't have landed, then go for it, in all honesty, one of the best games i've ever bought.9.5/10"
,Recommended,268500,26162799,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FrogSty,There are some technial problems and camera problems but overall this game is great. I recommend this to everyone who enjoys strategy games and especially XCOM/UFO series.
,Recommended,268500,25468566,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,FluffyPanda,"Pretty much a masterpiece.  I was a huge fan of Gollop’s original, and actually all of his work going way back to the original Chaos on the ZX Spectrum.  The XCOM reboot surprised me with just how good it was at reimagining the game for a modern audience.  Well, XCOM 2 surpasses it in almost every way.  The refinements are incredible, driving you forward into combat, keeping the strategic element as tense as the tactical and tidying up every rough edge that XCOM had.The DLC is a bit take-it-or-leave-it, but does add some interesting options.Absolutely recommended, no questions."
76561198039497803,Recommended,268500,25796780,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,General_Grim,"2K, I can't say enough good about this game. I have never wrote a review before but had to for XCOM. I've got 170+ hours logged on this game so far with no end in sight. The replay ability, awesome game play and custom options blew me away. I'd write more about this gem but I'm off to ice some ADVENT..:-D ."
76561198049568493,Recommended,268500,25599530,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Matt Gambler,"TLDR: Yes. It's worth the money and you won't find many games like this one out there. If you do find one, let me know.Now clearly, this game has it's issues. Vanilla completely without mods is slow and feels clunky because of soldiers taking forever to do anything, even only taking poison damage, too many mods and it might start to bug out in one way or another, the whole setting seems more all over the place and the aliens seem often weird and colourful, but it can't reach Enemy Within when it comes to atmosphere because of that. Many changes from the last game seem random or don't make too much sense, like removing the MELD mechanic or not being able to trigger overwatch with everyone from concealment. Not everyone liked the frequent mission timers either.HOWEVER!Most issues can be fixed by mods, I recommend checking a guide for recommended mods before the first playthrough. As an Ironman/Legendary player I have developed a love/hate relationship with the legendary gatecrasher mission (first mission of the game) and after 600 hours I can say two things:1) It's worth the money, same goes for the Alien Hunter DLC and and (maybe a little less so) Shens Last Gift. The resistance fighter DLC is only cosmetic, kinda random and more about looking funny than actually fitting the XCOM setting. I got it, its alright, not neccessary though, especially given the level of quality delivered by the modding community. Capnbups Accessory Pack? Someone donate to that man.2) It is not where it hopefully will be one day, and it is not better than Longwar. Hopefully with mods someday. Let me compare a few games to women for no obvious reason:GameLadycomparisonXCOM: Enemy WithinThe sweet innocent 18 years old that you are almost too old to dateXCOM 2Pretty, funny, kinda sweet but twitches spastically every now and then and hits you with a hammer if you don't shaveMassive ChalliceThe really good friend that you would probably date if she was just a little prettierValkyrian ChroniclesThe incredibly hot one that you want to bang at least once, even though you'll probably get bored soon afterwardsMordheim: City of the DamnedThe hot goth chick that impresses and scares you immediately before you realize it's mostly show and she takes forever to get anything done at allInvisible IncThe sexy and mature one that is most likely to smart for youBloodbowlThe one that you could really like if she wasn't so obsessed with sportsXCOM - LongwarThe one you will never forget and compare all others to for years to comeIf you are still undecided, let me sing for you (yes that is actually me):https://youtu.be/RF4XOe89J5U"
,Recommended,268500,20973515,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Molin,"I love the plot, and gameplay so far. My favorite thing so far is the concealment system. Now you can sneak up close and take them out.This game is not without its problems though. I would not reccomend it if you do not have a powerful PC. The minimum specifications that were posted are not enough to run this game currently (my friend only meets the min and cant run it).I can run Fallout 4 on maxiumum graphics at 60 fps, but the fps drops to around 30 in this game (specifically the base mode, action camera, and loading screens).I would recommend this game if your pc is good enough to take the heat, but if you have a lower end pc I would wait for them to fix the optimization problems."
,Recommended,268500,20973682,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tempest,Same XCOM but with more customisation and stunning graphics.
76561198021480088,Not Recommended,268500,21337784,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,bmwelli,"First I'd like to say - Graphics great, load times are ok. Only 2 small technical bugs for the entire playthru. Only not recmmending this game by a slim margin. It had some great moments. Just wish it wasnt the very rare moment when an alien made a mistake.Oh, I like killing aliens. And i had the opportunity to kill many. Not sure if this game has an easy mode though. Was hoping to just squash aliens on beginer levels when i bought this. It didn't happen. All aliens are superior to humans- I know that now. If there is a strange angle at which an alien can shoot your man through two windows , up a flight of stairs, around a corner- they never hesitate, and they only miss if you are cowering in fear in full cover. Overwatch might seems like a good idea, and on easy mode should be useful. Yet as you reload games over and over- you begin to realize 'overwatch' is alien for 'an option to stand still as grenades are lobbed at you from full cover'. I like that many things can be destryed by explosions in this game. Dissappointed that cover means so little in this game that blowing it up increases your chance to hit a previously hiding alien by 20%. Whoopty freakin do. And elevation advantage is once again negligible as you can easily be shot when only 10% of you body is even visible to an enemy.My only hope through the hundreds of reloads was that i might get to play as the advent coalition after i had beaten the game. Everything seems so easy for them. I wanna join thier side.'But don't join them- we have a time machine' you say. Loading save games over and over seems like a time machine of super powered awesomness. It felt more like an annoying groundhog day.This game warns us that humanity has no chance in the future unless we invent an energy efficient reusable time machine. ' Wait- we all died' (reload) rinse repeat. Really?Customizing my soldier was great, and i had a favorite. He was a boss. but in this game all that means was suddenly I found myself realoading the game 30+ times to save him from a bad situation. Advent soldiers in overwatch never miss, they are not like lousy human soldiers who get hits from overwatch 30% of the time,If there is a version in the future that isnt time machine dependant, Ill play that."
76561197994499838,Not Recommended,268500,28227090,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,BFM,"Completely broken, totally unfair/unbalanced crap.8 Hours of gameplay:- Aliens spawning directly beside my soldiers and instant kill them.- Aliens run half of the map and meele down my soldiers- Aliens fireing through ceilings.- Aliens hit my soldiers while on higher terrain, in full cover AND WITH ""TAKE COVER"" ACTIVATED!!!- Some missions are super easy, while on some i was constantly reloading and still can´t manage to keep all my soldiers alive.Definetly my last game from 2K."
76561198008975925,Recommended,268500,20984594,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tholus X,A Masterpiece.
76561198054187425,Recommended,268500,20991391,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dasta,"Spent the first 4 hours making soldiers and changing little details until they're perfect. Like the Sims. With Guns. Then they all died. Like the Sims.11/10 would Sims again.Seriously though. I've had a blast playing this game, it's been fantastic. I know a lot of people are reporting the optimization is poor, but for the first time ever, I'm not one of them. I have all settings at max except for Anti-Aliasing which is set to FXAA. No frame drops, not even with grenade overlays where TotalBiscuit reported his frame drops. I guess I got lucky.Definitely some bugs, but fortunately none of them have been game breaking. A little bit of polish will clean those up with a patch, soon I hope.I love the timers, even though I was worried I'd hate them. They force me to move faster. I can't overwatch camp for 30 minutes and win, I actually have to be active, take risks, be aggressive. And I find myself enjoying the game more when I get down to 2 or 3 turns left and I need to mad dash it to evac but a drop ship is coming in. It's like a movie, slower start ramping up into an intense finish where you're on the edge of your seat.I'm a mixture of happy and sad with the base building. Happy, cause I suck at basebuilding. It's my greatest weakness, I always overthink it and shoot myself in the foot. But sad, because it's a nobrainer now. It's a matter of time and resources, not planning.The tech tree pacing feels off too, but it may be because I delayed the Black Site for so long, so I got Mag weapons really fast. I feel like I missed out on conventional weapons missions and shot past into midgame too early for the full experience. I'll have to check it out when I play it again, blacksite sooner and see if the tech pacing feels better.TL;DRThe game isn't perfect, there's lots of polish to be done still, and hopefully the DLC in Spring/Summer will give more depth. But it's still an amazing game, and I would recommend it in a heartbeat. I'm having too much fun sharing stories with my friends about crazy stuff as it happens. It's a blast.8/10"
76561197982087969,Recommended,268500,21039138,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Richard,If you liked the first one then I can recommend this game. There is a lot more added to the game and it plays a lot faster and more aggressive than the first one which I feel has addressed some of the pacing issues the first one had. This time around it feels like every encounter is make or break and having completed the game on normal ironman I can say that there were times I was really at the brink and cursing the game.It does have a lot of performance and bug issues but I’m playing on low detail with speedfan and it mostly works fine. Some complaints I have read involve the use of timers or difficult enemies. There are already workshop mods to remove/extend most mission timers (personally they offer challenge) and as for the enemies they aren’t so bad once you figure out how to counter them using armor piercing abilities etc.Your soldiers are also going to die a lot and you will probably fail or have to bail on some missions but it’s to be expected. I put over 300 hours into the first game and I lost my first two campaigns in this one.Overall I can’t excuse the performance/bugs but they should get fixed and I will probably say that I think you need to play the first one to enjoy this one. It doesn’t feel very beginner friendly and is somewhat overwhelming with the random nature the campaign tends to have now. The training wheels come off fast in this game so playing the first one is a personal recommendation (plus it’s usually pretty cheap on steam).There’s a lot of story and replay value to this game and I did enjoy it so I’d give it 10/10 any day but maybe I’m just a biased fan or a compulsive gambler…Additional: The DLC plans look interesting and the teaser at the end is just great.
76561198159782145,Recommended,268500,20990648,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TopherLife,"At the point where I write this review, I've clocked in 10 hours in the game.Therefore I can't have a say in how the complete game is and this review is mainly for those wondering if the game is worth buying.I can tell you already now. Yes, the game is worth it. It is by far the best stategy I have ever played (I'm 18yo and only play newly released games). It is addicting and a proof of that is that my firsr 10h came from the first day.I've not played any of the other XCOM games and generally I'm not a fan of strategy games. XCOM 2 is turned this around however.XCOM 2 is what they say it is; a really tough strategy game. This is a positive aspect if it is done right and XCOM 2 does it right. The game is rewarding enough for you to keep going and you have the freedom to approach the missions how you like. It isIt is this freedom that makes it fun to replay the missions after you first fail. You know that it was your method/approach that was flawed and you only want to get in again and proof to the game that you can beat it.Pros:+ Great amount of customization.+ Great amount of replayability.+ Rewarding and difficult combat.+ A lot of content for your money.+ Beautiful maps.+ Epic animations and great camera angles makes you feel like a tactical genius.Cons:- A bit unoptimized at the moment.- Can be overwhelming at the beginning."
,Recommended,268500,21041060,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Gobbu,ayy lmao
,Recommended,268500,20983597,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,The Raven King,"I just love this game so muchCan't type more, the resistance needs me"
76561197964719677,Recommended,268500,20990470,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Azrus,"Oh man, I sure missed you XCOM.So far I'm having a blast.  The on the default difficulty, game's definitely more difficult than vanilla XCOM, but not as rough as Long War was.  If you never played Long War, then you're probably going to need to adjust your tactics as you just can't get away with a lot of the risks you could take in vanilla XCOM.  Performance isn't great, though 90% of my performance issues are with the loading screen animations and navigating the base.  Combat has been pretty smooth, though there is the occasional brief pause as the aliens decide what to do.  I noticed the pause in my first battle, but hardly notice it now, so it's definitely not as big of a deal for me as it seems to be for many of the other reviewers.  My only real complaint is with the lack of the Second Wave options from the original.  I really miss guaranteed flank crits, and randomized stats/abilities.  Hopefully those will get implemented at some point.So, I definitely recommend the game.  Just understand what you're getting into.  It is undeniably more difficult than XCOM.  If you've never played XCOM, then just expect that you're going to die a lot while you learn the game.Finally, a couple of friendly tips:-Learn to flank and protect your flank.  Don't cluster your soldiers, spread them out a bit.  Try to flank along one side, use your other soldiers to keep the aliens occupied.  You want to position your soldiers so that you can approach an enemy from two directions at once.  Don't move to cover if an alien will be able to safely flank you in a single move.  If they can do that, position a second soldier so that they'll be covering the first soldier's flank.  Most of the enemies you face won't move into a square if it will result in them being flanked, use that to control the battlefield.-Overwatch.  There are very few cases you should fire at an alien if you've only got a 50% chance to hit.  Instead, stick them in overwatch.  It's a good way to discourage aliens from rushing you.  If you don't have a good shot, move up a soldier or two so that they'll be in a good position to flank on the next turn, then stick the rest on overwatch.-Leap frog with overwatch.  If you think the enemy is close or you've lost concealment, then you want to try to keep half your team on overwatch while you move.  Rushing the entire team up by sprinting is a great way to get massacred.-Movement is much safer while concealed.  If you need to cover a lot of ground quickly, try to maintain concealement or bring along Rangers.-Just because you can kill everyone, doesn't mean you should.  Missions with turn limits are a lot easier if you focus on the objective.  Try to maintain concealment for as long as possible and move quickly.  Rooftops tend to be safer than the streets and they'll give you a better vantage point so you can keep track of patrols.  If you want to stick around and kill some aliens, then it's best to get the objective first and fight near your evac point.-Bring two medkits.  Losing your medic three turns into a battle really sucks.  Having another medkit, even if it's on your Ranger or Grendadier can make life a lot easier.-Retaliation missions can be a lot easier if you bring along a Ranger that can grant themselves concealment.  Run them ahead of your team to grab the civilians you need to secure the win.  With any luck, you won't walk into a Faceless.  Try not to spot too many alien pods at once.  They kill less civilians before they get spotted.-Finally, try not to push too far into the fog of war if you're already in a fight.  Fights become a lot harder if you accidentally push up and spot a second pod of aliens.  Take your time, life is a lot easier when numbers are on your side.Anyway, I think it's a great game and I think anyone who's interested in a challenging turn based strategy game will really enjoy it."
76561198030773396,Recommended,268500,21041021,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,stripe7,"Everything I expected the game to be and maybe just a bit more. Graphics are incredible, variety makes it replayable and some of the irritating aspects in the original XCOM have been eliminated."
76561198003224813,Recommended,268500,21042236,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Shadow,"I love it, I have played every Xcom out there and I love this game. I wish though there are more stuff I can research and faster load into battle and leaving battle back to base. Also wish we can make more modification to soldiers face. ( Can not make my females pretty) All in all, they did a great JOB."
76561198042225012,Recommended,268500,20982403,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Jet,"Enemy Unknown but on steroids. Oh and vastly an improved game if you're wondering. Not a game breaking bug since its a turn based strategy game but the frame rate seems to move everywhere (not really that bad due to the nature of the game itself), it is something that can and should be hopefully fixed soon hopefully. If you like xcom enemy unknown then you will most likely enjoy this game since it improves from the first in pretty much every way with a few things that can certainly in either a patch or a mod.I must also mention that a good amount of times (at least for me) RNG seems to kick in a bit quite annoyingy. Though in my opinion the major upgrade and improvements to thebgame as a whole is spectacular."
,Recommended,268500,20989811,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Oatmeal,"This XCOM takes what we knew from enemy unknown and shakes it up a little, making it more of a frantic dash to get things done as a small rebel group that slowly grows bigger throughout the course of the game. The character customization is quite varied and I ended up making my friends and family who would inevitably die somewhere along the line due to a stupid mistake or just bad luck.There are certain times where tons aliens would just swarm out of nowhere when I wasn't expecting it and completely wiped out most of my soldiers. Thankfully, there is now a portable evac for certain missions, so if things go south you can quickly call the evac to a close location and get them out as fast as possible. On some of the ""main quest"" missions they don't give you the difficulty of the level, so I end up sending my favourite troops to save civilians and then get absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the horde of aliens hiding round the corner.The game looks quite simular to enemy unknown which I think is a good thing, there are upgrades to the interface and the levels look fantastic. The character models have been cleaned up and given more detail although there are a lack of faces to choose from in the customization.I think this is a great game that any XCOM fan will enjoy. It's different in pacing, upgraded in looks and tweaked in gameplay. Do yourself a favour and pick this up if you've been looking for a new turn based game."
,Recommended,268500,21039285,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,CSwindels,"So to start it all off I defintely support this game and think its a must buy if your a fan of the series, or tactical shooters in general. From the increased number of classes and weapon custimization to the level design and some of the RNG that goes into it Ive had a very good time. If theres something in vanilla that bugs you its pretty easy to find a mod to change it around to your liking(such as mission timers)My only two gripes are some issues with performance and the post mission load times. I dont have a monster machine but looking at the stats of my computer and those that are required to run the game, something doesnt quite add up.**Edit** After looking around for advice, turning of V-Sync and Antialiasing improves framerates significantly"
76561197992292401,Recommended,268500,21040710,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,madoc,"Do you feel lucky? Well do you, punk?"
76561198100022670,Recommended,268500,21246712,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,thedeviousturd,I felt pretty confident trying to take out a giant walker with two health left and the shot having a 98% chance to hit... she was my last shot of the turn. now maybe i should not have healed and taken the extra shot with my specialist but like i said i was confident that 98% would hit. i also could have thrown a gernade with my ranger instead of moving to flank a group for the next turn. but like i said i was confident 98% was going to deliver the killing blow. maybe i should have tried to disable the turret off in the distance with my specialist instead of using two attacks to destroy it. but i was thinking that 98% was gonna land.98% chance missedgiant walker kills two of my soldiersquit playing for a couple hoursloaded my autosavedidnt learn my lesson95% chance missed2 soldiers dead98/100would reload autosave again
,Recommended,268500,20988876,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,The Merovingian,"First going to address a lot of the gripes about the game since I believe people are being a bit unfair. XCOM 2 has done a fantastic job of adding new content to a already great game and added a challenge to it akin to Darkest Dungeon.--Mission time limits--These are NOT unfair. People are complaining that a 8 turn limit mission is crap and there are too many of them. Out of 20 missions about 60% of them were 8 turn limits. The rest were either 12 limit or unlimited. The 8 turns were kinda nasty to be honest but they were doable. You just have to learn how to move. You can't act like it's XCOM Enemies Within anymore and just pop pods without there being severe consequences. You have to get it done in a shorter period of time which makes the game more difficult, but also far more fun. I will admit it's probably not for the casual gamer but mods might be good if you find it to be too much of a hinderance.--Accuracy seems too low--It adds a degree of challenge now so you can't just turn everyone into a sniper. At times this felt a little unfair until I realized that I was wrong. You can optimize your aim by taking high ground and strategizing and it's definitely a return to form as a lot of the earlier XCOM's were like that. This just makes you work a little more for each attack phase to be as potent as you need it to be.--Bugs galore! (Not really...)--I've heard people say there are terrible framerate issues but I haven't seen them yet. I've seen people saying that there are super long delays in moves and THIS I have seen, but it's not game breaking, and I'm being lenient towards the complainers here because I have my games installed on a solid state drive so I might have a TAD more speed during these moments. I've also heard numerous stories of crashes and have even seen this on Angry Joe's review but in the 15 hours I've got so far I haven't had a single crash. I've also heard people complaining about black screens on enemy movements and I only saw this once out of 20 missions and nothing really special happened.  Beyond those three things I haven't seen a single other bug at all and I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of those were hot patched soon.--Pistols are only used by sharpshooters???--I can't believe the amount of whining I've seen on THIS. I mean... I understand how you USED to use the pistols but to be perfectly honest, there is no reason for everyone to have a pistol in XCOM2. With the other added mechanics you really don't need it. The devs made it that way for a reason and that reason is because they were resource sinks that no one truly benefitted from to justify the cost. Glad it's gone. I might have missed something on the last XCOM game where pistols were just the bees knees but I'll be darned if I see it.Now for the actual review: Game's great. Far more challenging than its predecessor but that is something I've really wanted anyway. Is it worth the triple A price? Yeah, definitely. Bugs will be worked out, the modding community will continue to release awesome conversions, and future content will be out soon enough.So the elephant in the room... The season pass... That's debatable since we have no way of knowing at the time of this review what that will entail. 20 dollars for the content is actually a nice price point and if they follow the path they did back with XCOM EU and EW then it's possible that the content being released will be well worth it. To be honest no one knows. It's mostly speculation. It's entirely up to the buyer to decide but from this humble perspective I really can't see the harm in going the full 20 dollars in at this point yet I could respect someones decision to wait because DLC and season passes left a bad taste in a lot of gamers mouths as of recently.EDIT***** 2/23/2016First review above was with about 15 to 20 hours of gameplay. This is with considerably more.After throwing in far more time I've noticed two bugs that aren't huge. First is just a camera bug where it sometimes cuts to nothing or cuts to the inside of a building and you don't see any action. This happened a couple times and isn't gamebreaking. Other bug is just a simple animation jerk which might just be my PCs fault. I still have not seen a single crash, if this was hot patched I really didn't notice or read into it.Procedurally generated levels are keeping it fresh. Only campaign scripted missions remain constant as far as I can see.Game feels a tad linear in that choosing what to build inevitably ends the same if you have any hope of keeping the avatar project at bay. Same thing with choosing what to develop first as far as research goes. Not game breaking but a little disappointing. Could be fixed with a simple mod but I'd rather see them patch a fix in. Just something to make building things a little less important for early game so folks can try to do things differently with less negative results; IE campaign ending decision because you build a psi lab instead of a comm relay or something.I still maintain my position on the pistol, accuracy, and timed mission points. I think all of those were good decisions to give this game it's own flavor and challenge.Game still worth a buy at full price for sure."
76561198048477560,Not Recommended,268500,26532405,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,GD80,"Xcom 2 was the perfect game before the latest patch.  Unfortunately, it is now unplayable due to a targeting bug that randomly selects who you are going to shoot!  Other features now include, not being able to make weapons available and a poor movement around and of the space ship.Thanks for ruining my favourite game."
,Not Recommended,268500,30608111,Posted: 18 March,all,CivicJosh,"Nothing but trouble. first i had the problem where i close the game but it wouldn't register that i had shut it, forcing me to restart my computer. Then i had to reinstall because it kept crashing on startup and now i just completely lost my save game. But to be fair the game was pretty good when it was in a working state though. :("
,Recommended,268500,21058883,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Hjarg,"This is an improvement over XCOM.Despite the whining you hear about turn limitations, this actually changes the gameplay from original XCOM cover-overwatch-cover-coverwatch method and forces the player to take more aggressive approach, forcing you to think new methods. Most likely, forcing players to come out of their comfort zone is the reason you see all the negativity around here.Overall, improved gameplay, vastly improved character creation, but mostly, it is the feeling that you truly are fighting an uphill battle and things can go wrong quickly. Tense, powerful and drops sectopods upon you when you really need it the least.I'm pretty sure the techical issues some people are struggling with will be ironed out eventually and truly, Firaxis has shined on this one."
76561197985516894,Not Recommended,268500,21652145,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,=3SFG=DarksideSoldier[11th],Have waited a month to write a review to see if the crippling performance issues would get fixed it was only bareable because it is a turn based game and i would love to recommend it as it is a fantastic game but i just can't due to the bugs and performance issues and the fact the devs said they came across none of these problems when play testing it is complete bs as total biscuit had the preview copy a month or 2 before full release which had all the same problems that are still in it they should have delayed it again to sort all of this out.So to anyone considering buying it i would wait untill it is fixed and running smoothly their are some workarounds to help get it running a bit better but we should not have to do that when we pay alot of money for games on release.
76561198023464093,Not Recommended,268500,24501956,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,yerpo,"Strategic part different (not much better or worse, just different), tactical part almost identical to XCOM, story and mood much worse (too improbable for my suspension of disbelief and the end is disappointing). Buy or replay the first XCOM instead."
,Recommended,268500,21044671,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,rubberduck,Missed 2 83% shots in a row.10/10 would miss again.
,Recommended,268500,21125630,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mystamous,"Its THE best game of the year for me already. Im a fan of the xcom series and this gam improves it tenfold. My only issue is turn-timed quests, but mods can fix that."
76561198002309369,Recommended,268500,21125316,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,gandork,"A must for X-Com, turn-based strategy and strategy games in general.  Mechanics and gameplay is great.There are alot/some technical issues but nothing gamebreaking. As of now the solution is to drop down most settings."
,Recommended,268500,21027194,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jiggly puff,Weird animation bugs?CheckReally nasty starting enemies VS poorly equiped and inexperienced soilders?Yes!71% Chance to hit?Miss!81% Chance to hit!Miss!Welcome back to Firaxis' Xcom!
76561198006644816,Recommended,268500,21115373,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,madtragg,"I'll first start out with a few war stories than talk about the game. I created Jason Voorhees and i had him on my team the whole game. On the final mission in the game, i didn't equip the mind control prevention on him. I didn't think he would need it because i haven't had that much problems with mind control in awhile. Well guess what, they took control of Jason. I""m like crap, Jason is trying to kill us. I didn't have to put him down, i just killed the alien. It was funny though.Next war story, about mid way in the game, i got a lot of high ranking officers, so i thought i should start training up some rookies. So i took my Lt. and a Sgt, and some rookies with me on a simple supply raiding mission. Bad idea. The aliens were just dominating us. I lost 3 out 6 rookies and i had no chance of winning. The surving rookie went unconscious. So i ordered an evac and got out. When i got back, i fired my SGT but not the LT. My LT blamed the sgt. (my LT is a hot chick) Since i have him in character creation pool before you start the game. The game brought him back in a supply drop, his rank now was a coloniel. I was just laughing, because that is karma for my LT.A lot of people have reviewed the game already so i'm not going in to technical with it. I highly recommend this game. If you played the first one, i'm sure you'll love this game. Their is performance issues at random times but for me it didn't break the game. I had to reload a save twice due to the game glitching out. Not that bad. I like it a lot better than the first one. More customization and people already going mod crazy with it. I'm waiting for someone to create some star wars themes. I litterally just beat the game. I had to do easy though because easy is not really that easy. I actually started on normal which feels like hard. They overwhelm you but once you get a strategy going its possible to get through it. I plan to play again because its just so much fun."
76561198054382705,Recommended,268500,21115153,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,dsastrigger,"The only flaw in this game may be the usability: every time you are on the map screen and some event happens (and this is quite frequent), you get off this screen, go to the room of the event, solve it and here we go again to the map screen. The first game was like that too but it didn't have a transition between screens, so it was less tiring.Now let's talk about the good parts!- elaborate maps; I've played for a while and I haven't seen a map equal to another yet.- awesome (and some OP) soldier skills *cough*psy soldier*cough*;- a great variety of items; I wished the same for weapons... but they are awesome too- a lot of customization for your soldiers!I strongly recommend it!"
76561198007856644,Not Recommended,268500,21028252,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Menroth,It would be amazing if it would run but it is in dire need of patching as it stands.
,Not Recommended,268500,26481698,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,billbotics,"It pains me to not recommend this game.I haven't played it much since release, but I was so god damned excited for this game to come out. XCom: Enemy Unknown/Within is one of my favorite games of the last decade. It was near perfect, in my opinion.When I first fired up XCom 2 and started making soldiers that my buddy could import into his game, and seeing all of the new features, I was blown away.It dissolved so quickly.I played the first XCom Ironman, and loved it. I loved the pain of losing beloved soldiers due to a terrible decision on my part. It made every single choice for every single soldier matter, until I had beefed up my squad with the proper tools to take on the enemy to allow a mistake or two on the battlefield.In XCom 2, you are allowed ZERO mistakes. Zero. Zilch. Nada. Even if you play perfectly, RNG will still kill at least one of your squad members. This seems to give the feeling of delaying the inevitable. I consider myself somewhat savvy in terms of stategy role playing games, and I could not stomach to finish this. Every single battle, someone would die, no matter what I would do. I even resorted to save scumming and still - it was like pulling teeth to get through battles. I didn't feel the heartache of losing soldiers... I felt the heartache of those thatsurvived. To see their friends torn down before them, and knowing that they would just be thrust back into the fray, with a fresh squad of rookies.Navigating the HQ/Ship is also much, much worse than its predecessor. I don't have enough time to do ANYTHING. I understand the need to sacrifice certain rewards in order to obtain others, but I could barely eek out enough time to receive *a* reward, as it takes 3 days just to pick up your monthly income. It takes 3 days just to attempt to sell items to replenish your squad that depletes like the blood of a an anemic with a slit throat. 3 days to do this, 3 days to do that. All while aGIANT COUNTDOWN TO ARMAGEDDONis displayed to remind you that you have no chance in hell of stopping the enemy.Is that the point of this game? Is it really that nihilist? We are doomed no matter how successfully we play this life... the timer is forever against you? Why bother trying to win? Just revel in how much of your blood you can paint that building with.I WILL play this game again. And I WILL conquer this son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ someday. But the fact that it is such a chore to even think about playing, makes me so sad. How did they ruin such a great game?I'm sure I will receive copious amounts of ""lrn2play scrub"", but I simply cannot recommend this game. Even to fans of the very first brutal XCom: UFO Defense game. At least that game gave you a fighting chance if you played well.SCORE: 51/100May God have mercy on us all."
,Recommended,268500,21118735,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Brad,"Have been anticipating this game for years, and it has not disapointed. The turn based combat is still awesome just like enemy unkown with a few aditions, and tweaks. Not a whole lot has changed with the gameplay which is good because it's allready great.Commanding the avenger in between missions adds a whole nother layer of tactical gameplay requiring you to choose between either getting supplies, intel, materials, troops, or missions. Failing to make the right choices can  make things very hard on you and even cost you the game.Took me about 35 hours to beat the game on normal dificulty, I'm playing through it again on commander dificulty and the procedurally generated maps will keep you on your toes, never sure what you're going to run into.The game feels a little short right now but the incredible replay value and new mods being made every day and with the inevitable dlc coming, makes it well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,268500,20998190,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lord Pigfoot Nosebeggar XVII,"---UPDATE---I have finished the game by now and immediatly started again, I'm almost through again (almost as in: it's going to take approx. another 6 hours)I just can't stop playing!------------------Before bad reviews get the upper hand, let me give you a tl;dr rundown:-Yes, it is a LITTLE BUGGY-Yep, it's way harder than XCOM: EU/EW (but yeah, the aliens had 20 years to develop, while the humans did not.)-Yeah I hate the timed missions, too. There's a mod to fix that. (Some missions are still timed, but then at least for a reason and not some arbitrary ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t)All I can say is: as of writing this review i'm well over 13 hours into the game and I cannot stop playing. I literally nearly peed myself because the combat was so intense I did not want to stand up or pause! Also the amount of content in the game is ridiculous and no 2 levels look REMOTELY the same (yet).To me this game is a milestone in turn-based tactics. Easily 8/10 - 9/10"
,Recommended,268500,20994354,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Count_Zero [DK],"The sequel to not only the best TBS ever made, but one of the best games ever made. It's frustrating, difficult beyond most games you've ever tried and relentless in it's very core. This is not a game you faceroll your way through. It doesn't hold your hand or take it easy on you if you loose. Every single move you take, makes the difference between life and and conquest, or horrible death.The story is great, game play unparalleled, graphics good and overall this by far the best game I have in my library.There are however problems with the game. Framerates are all over the place, and weird bugs are found throughout it. Things that should have been addressed long before the game came out.See you on the battlefield commander - If you dare take on the ultimate challenge."
76561198048404706,Recommended,268500,20987099,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Inosinate,"Edit:  There is now a mod available in the workshop that disables the timers, so whether or not the timers are ""bad"" is now a non issue.  Try the game, if you don't like the timers, install the mod and disable them and play to your preference.  Yay for mod support letting us choose how we play the game :)----------------------------------------------------------After reading some of the reviews on here, I got very worried about the ""turn timers"" everyone is warning about.  But now that I've played the game a bit, I felt like writing this review to say that *in my opinion at least*, they really aren't that bad.  I've actually enjoyed them.I'm really not a fan of turn timers, and the bomb missions were my least favorite of the first game.  So I definitely understand people's frustration with them.  I do think it would be a good idea for an option to disable/limit them to be added to the game.That being said, these negative reviews act as though it's somehow game breaking and removes the opportunity to use tactics.  In my experience so far this is simply not true.  None of the timed missions made me feel particularly rushed.  I didn't have to dash across the entire map.  I could take my time moving from cover to cover; I just had to have a sense of urgency and make sure I was moving TOWARDS my objective each turn and not away from it.  No turtle crawling step by step.Most of the timed missions simply require you to REACH an objective before the timer runs out, and then you can take your sweet time clearing the map of the remaining hostiles.  There's usually plenty of time to get there.  You just have to keep an eye on where that objective is as you plan your moves in the game to make sure you're progressing towards it.I think people are frustrated that there are so many timed missions (understandably) and are exaggerating how bad they are a little bit as a result of that frustration.  Or they just had some terrible luck (happens sometimes in this kind of game) and it made the game feel unfairly hard; if a bunch of enemy encounters are triggered in quick succession at the wrong time it can make turn timed missions nearly impossible.  And I can see how these situations can leave a bad taste in people's mouths.  But that is the nature of an XCOM game; sometimes things just go wrong.  If you don't have a high tolerance for that then this game will definitely frustrate you sometimes.  The game can definitely be unfair, maybe even more so than the first, and you will either love it or hate it.So, in summary,  if you absolutely can't stand the idea of timed missions you may wish to wait to buy this until after an option to disable them is added by the devs or modding community, however if you are on the fence about it then I would recommend that you don't let all the negative reviews scare you away and go ahead and try the game for yourself."
,Recommended,268500,20987137,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Marksiepro,Don't be scared of this game due to it being strategy based. The guns feel amazing to use and it has a great story. Anyone who loves action based games will love this. 8/10.
76561198034550620,Recommended,268500,20984977,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Malachite_Dragon,"A worthy successor to the first game.A word of advice: This does not play the same way as the first one. DO NOT start your first game in Ironman mode. If you try to play this game the same way you did the first, you WILL be frustrated and get stomped. It's a new game; take the time to learn how to play it."
76561198070602268,Recommended,268500,21009373,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,rdalin,"Great game! They improved upon everything in the first one. 10/10 It's beautiful, challenging. If you're familiar with the first one you can jump right in.People are complaining about timers - about half the maps have timers, but it seems pretty well balanced. There was only one map where the timer was a real issue.This is the mac version, and it hasn't crashed once. It can get a bit laggy sometimes. It seems to take about twice as long as the first one to process changes, load maps, etc. Worth it."
,Recommended,268500,20983947,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,smartbombradio,"The game is a lot of fun so far; however it needs fine tuning and optimization. Turn limits aren't awful but should all be extended about 2 - 3 turns - it's not so much that they break the game as the very short limits stop you from experimenting with tactics and play styles. It's MOVE MOVE MOVE GO GO GO because you've got a time limit (or you have to help unreasonably stupid humans survive - they seem to be able to run and hide from me, but have trouble running and hiding when I'm trying to keep them safe/supposed to save a certain number.) So yeah this needs play balancing and like 2 performance patches and that needs to be said up front.That being said, the game is really fun when it works - in many/most ways improved or an equally good but different experience over the original, so far. Story is interesting, missions are mostly pretty fun, the new enemies are punishing, and the settings are pretty cool. Character customization is interesting and varied, both asthetically and choosing their abilities. Stealth allows some really cinematic ambushes.When this game works it's amazingly fun, so I hope the devs are patching it up/finding some sort of compromise on the timer because I'd play this, and mods using this general system, for quite some time.That's all I've done so far so that's all I can speak on, but it's an enthusiastic thumbs up, with a qualifier that I'm assuming the devs will take some serious runs at the optimization, enemy AI, Civillian AI when you're protecting them, and extending the clock (or eliminating it all together, but I don't think it's terrible I just think they need to loosen the belt a few notches to allow a few tactics other than forward blitz.)(Update: Trying game with a Mod that minimizes the number of missions with timers. Much improved.)"
76561198052102653,Recommended,268500,20985696,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Walk In Another's Moccasins,It's Murphy's law turned up to 11. Watch as three soldiers miss 85-97% shots and squad wipe as a result. Watch as you fail a 92% hack chance and fail the mission. That's the whole game. That either makes this game or breaks it for you.
76561198015466883,Recommended,268500,21004544,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Tessienne,"I'm enjoying the game so far.  Playing a ""normal"" setting Ironman campaign which I haven't finished yet.  The forced pace in a lot of the missions is leading to far more injured troops than I would normally have on a fairly easy setting.  I even lost a guy that got gunned down trying to sprint to the evac point.There are some technical glitches, as many others have pointed out, so I won't bother here.  Nothing game breaking in my opinion, just annoying things like weird camera angles, long pauses during some of the slow motion action sequences, things like that mainly.  Hopefully things that get fixed in a patch at some point.Playing on a i5-4590, 8GB RAM, and GTX 770...and it runs pretty well.  I turned off a couple of the graphics settings that people have said are causing problems, but have everything else at max playing at 1920 X 1200.Probably the most annoying thing for me is the long load times before and after missions.  I put XCOM2 on my hard drive thinking that since it was a turn based game it didn't really need to be on my SSD.  Definitely thinking about making room for XCOM2 on my SSD now though just due to loading times.Anyway, I would give the game about 8/10 right now, which could be improved once they fix a lot of the launch technical glitches."
76561197991803834,Recommended,268500,20983851,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Vhagar,First 2 shots I make 82%...Miss BothTHAT'S XCOM BABY!
,Recommended,268500,21004922,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ishmael,"I recommend this game fairly strongly. I'm enjoying the game a lot, the story is better, the core gameplay feel like ""Enemy Within, but better"", and overall I'm having a blast. However, I am going to list a few things that irk me and may irk some people looking to buy. Basically, I'm saying ""I recommend this game unless any of the following deeply bother you.""1. Performance issues abound. Turning off AA and AO kill off most of the performance issues for me, and allows me to run the game are max settings at a pretty decent FPS most of the time. However, there is severe FPS drops during common cutscences (Skyranger landing and taking off) as well as moving from room to room on the base. This is pretty unfortunate, and I hope this is ironed out soon as I think this is the game's most pressing issue.2. Mission timers. Mission timers are surprisingly divisive. In my opinion, the mission timers works with one of the reoccuring themes of the game, which is ""time is a resource"". The tried and true method of crawling across the map slowly in overwatch still works in some missions, but now there are more trade-offs between going slow and going fast. With that said, mission timers could be improved. I feel like some missions begin a countdown before what I consider reasonable. If the aliens discover there's a hack, or there's a broken down convoy, then I understand the countdown.But what about a mission where you have to extract a VIP and Advent doesn't know you're coming? Or missions where you have to kidnap a dark VIP that, again, the Advent don't know you're coming for? I feel like these countdowns shouldn't begin until concealment is broken. Otherwise though, I don't have a problem with mission timers. For anyone that does though, there is a mod that increases mission timers and another one that gets rid of them altogether.3. [MINOR ISSUE ALERT] Lower face props like the striped bandana should match your soldier's color scheme better. This is so minor that I'm only putting it here in the off chance that a developer read this and tweaks it so bandanas match your soldiers' color schemes.4. [MINOR ISSUE ALERT] No Second Wave options? But what about my marathon? :(5. Camera is garbage. If there is one mod besides SMGs that I wholeheartedly recommend, it is the one that improves the camera so you can look at the battlefield from more than four angles.Overall, I recommend the game (which is what Steam is asking for in these reviews by the way people). If you want to get a better impression, I strongly recommend TotalBiscuit's ""WTF is XCOM 2?"" on Youtube."
,Recommended,268500,21004979,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sid,Amazing game.
,Recommended,268500,20984542,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,The Governator,"I love XCOM, I didn't have that many LOS issues with the original. In XCOM 2, I can't get through a turn without someone shooting through the floor or a wall. No one else seems to be posting negative comments about LOS - am I the only one having this problem? I can't recommend this until it gets fixed.UPDATE: It turned out that updating my computer to windows 10 screwed up my graphics drivers, once I uninstalled and reinstalled them, LOS is now working fine. I'm changing my review to recommend, but leaving the original description here in case anyone else runs in to the same problem."
76561198009282230,Recommended,268500,20990945,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Farsha,"Game it self is great (gameplay wise) But...It has performance issues and lot of minor buggs and glitches all over the placeAlso most missions are on verry strict timer (played on Commander diff) this means there is not even s lightest margin for error on most of them. U have to rush, and in the same time if you reveal second group of enemies while figting first u can just reload the game, cause you are dead. U can't stop to strategize, timer won't let you.I only managed to play it through by loading saved games, can't imagine playing this on iron-man at all.Maybe it's intetional that it's so much harder, not sure.Game is really really punishing due to the short timers on the missions.Ok playing now on Veteram difficulty, game is much more fun, timers are sufficient on this difficulty and aliens do not one shot you all the time.I guess commander was ment to be already punnishing as hell by design. Whereas X-Com:EU was still quite easy on classic.But it's fine, just start playing on veteran, and you'll have lot of fun."
,Recommended,268500,21000332,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Danz,Everything is great till sectopod comes out :Oits like... its been an honor to work with you gentleman.... >.<lmaoo >.<
76561198034117951,Not Recommended,268500,21892200,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,jules23,"Awesome game, that has the fatal flaw of frequently disappearing my saves, so I lose hours a play. A game should not ship this way guys!"
,Not Recommended,268500,23161678,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,DroZzhat,"XCom 2 is the buggiest big budget ""highly anticipated"" game I've played in almost a decade.  I say that as someone who has played Skyrim.  If you're fine with constant graphical glitches, random crashes, and weird behavior for a game you paid $50 for (or more with the DLC), then you'll probably actually rather like this.  It's pretty cool if you look beyond the myriad of issues."
76561197988266633,Recommended,268500,23480325,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ziminiar,amazing game if you like this genre or like the previous x-coms and dont mind the ones that dislike game because you have time limit and so.because you can lengten the timer or even disable it (personaly i changed the avatar couter chance to 25% and 50% instead of 100% chance the avatar would give a point what i mean with avatar project will become clear when you start to play).they would know this if they would not start game and immediately give bad score but first read manuals/guides enz.this game even comes with a mod so you can almost change what you want.i already won game easely this way on my 2nd try with the changes i made myself 1st try was without and lost terrible quick.my opinion is that this game is totaly worth the money.
76561197962716740,Recommended,268500,21644998,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Pistoolkip,"Deep tactical turnbased strategy mixed with base building. Easy and accessible interface combined with interesting tactical and strategic decision making.A great upgrade and upscale from X-Com: Enemy Unknown, though I recommend starting there. The game can be buggy at times, and pay mind to your settings. However, Mods fix a lot of the issues, and I appreciate Firaxis supporting Steam Workshop from launch, as well as the broad options for character and weapon customization."
76561198008849767,Not Recommended,268500,25709703,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Wittedewit,Six months ago the game crashed often. Now i tried again. No Updates since then and plying with Shen add on the game is unplayable. I verivied my cache as recommended ( takes some time) and no results. Re installing no results. I dont use mods.An update to this review. I have also Xcom 1 on ps3 with the same crashing problems. Since 2012 with the first Xcom nothing has changed. No updates or whatsoever.
76561198068504077,Recommended,268500,22819190,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,BremBird,One of the best turn based strategy games ever made and my personal fave of the xcom franchise. A little buggy but the core game play experiance is sound. The Introduction of concealment has fundamentally changed the game! Yet still contributed in the creation of the most fundamentally XCOM experiance ever!!
,Not Recommended,268500,28151013,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Τίτος Αλεπού,"Good:1. Gameplay (You know, the usual)2. Melee weapons (That`s just a good addition to the gameplay mechanics)3. Atmosphere (Music, voice acting, cinematic cuts, overwatch time freeze)Bad:1. Story. Honestly, ♥♥♥♥ off with ""XCOM: Enemy Unknown didn`t happen, everyone lost everything"" just because ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who are used to play counter-strike and dota couldn`t understand how to play the game because of their insanely limited brain function abilities. That`s ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and, how many of you out there already know, shows Firaxis` attitude towards players.2. DLC. Yeah, a billion of ♥♥♥♥ing hats of all colours and shapes, and in that mess only two dlcs with actual gameplay features. ""Shen`s Last Gift"" is okay, but i would rather of all those dlcs take ""Enemy Within"" features any day of the week, they were more interesting and better in a way, besides it had a deus ex`s odor, in terms of turning humans in cyborgs and such, which in my opinion is good stuff.3. Ending. It`s almost exactly the same as the ""Enemy Unknown""s, but now with a cliffhanger which screams ""♥♥♥♥ you we want more cash-money-units so here`s the foundation for a future game"", in which, honestly, i can`t even imagine what the plot would be, i bet the trope of ""everyone lost everything to everyone"" is not gonna outrun itself any time soon.4. Bugs. Throughout my playthrough i met with two: one is that your keyboard is not responding after loading a save, and theres nothing you can do but exit the game via alt+tab, and the second one when on the last mission turns stopped ending after all soldiers made their moves, so i had to manually press ""end turn"". I saw other visual bugs, but they didn`t affect gameplay so i don`t think it`s worth mentioning them here.Result:The game looks very good, plays cool enough, even more interesting then the previous part, but the story, ending and overall amount of bugs which just scream ""ain`t nobody got time for that"" makes me downvote this overall partially really cool game."
76561197991963511,Recommended,268500,21012629,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Arcx,Amazing improvement on Xcom. Very cool game
76561198057350282,Recommended,268500,21014263,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ZEROFOX,My wife hates me already.10/10
76561198015531498,Recommended,268500,21012851,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Eriktion,best turn-based tactical game 2016
76561198129912602,Not Recommended,268500,28475217,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Goocheus Maximus,An okay sequal to an amazing game
76561198093363016,Not Recommended,268500,21546286,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nak,cant get the game to launch 75 bucks for garbage what the hell
76561198149440434,Not Recommended,268500,21507423,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fur of the ears,"There isn't much to say. The game is really boring. It is the same as other XCOM games but with less choice for direction. You are basically forced to play the way game wants you to play, removing the little bit of freedom you used to have with previous versons. The AI is terrible, dice rolls are stupidly bias and story lacks content. This game is missing the magic the previous game had, you really dont feel the urge to keep playing. After 2 hours this game started to feel like a grind with little to no progress shown. Really looking forward to user made MODs which should hopefully inject life into this corpse of a game."
,Not Recommended,268500,21509547,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ClassicThunder,Fun when the numerous bugs and gliches allow it to be playable.
76561198268229934,Recommended,268500,20962818,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,barentsoya,"Runs on my Surface Pro 3. It's not pretty, but it runs."
,Not Recommended,268500,21153185,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Janny Woo,"Potentially a great game that is just too f*cking broken to buy right now. Performance is terrible and repeatedly losing hours of progress to game breaking bugs is incredibly frustrating!This game should be hard because of gameplay, not bcause of technical issues!"
76561198003584102,Not Recommended,268500,21144656,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Penzie,"Quite possibly the WORST game I have ever played. Not only do you have little control over what you do (it does a good job of tricking you to think you do) you get continually interrupted by captain obvious who makes you do objectives and continuously states the obvious when you don't do well. You can't pick objectives because you can't get enough intel to do what you need to do. You get a giant count down timer for some project that again forces you to do objectives you don't want to do yet. The Advent is allowed to make twice as many moves and attacks on you while your team continuously fails even at a 90% chance to hit the target. You get weapons and upgrades that are worthless and help you little in any way. Again, WORST game I've ever played and a huge waste of time and money. I'd like mine back but I'm sure they are working on another worthless follow up for others to waste theirs on."
,Not Recommended,268500,21249041,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,marchab5,"Xcom was like chess but Xcom2 became a roulette or a poker.Firstly, Xcom2 has  aquired a major game breaking point - the timer. Instead of first two Xcoms meticulous calculation of moves Xcom2 forces you to recklessly risk your soldiers without any back up plan. If you don't your time will be up you have to.Secondly, the cover mechanic does not work. Lots of NPCs have some inner defences which defie cover system.Third, unexpected and unjustified spikes of difficulty.All of the above make you to reload the saves again and again  hoping that the next time the dice rolle in your favour. It is a daunting grind. It is plainly boring.Example, an NPC standing on overwatch 5 squares from your unit  with probability to hit 65%. Nil option to back up due to the timer. NIl optioni to push forward because the NPC kills any of your soldiers from overwatch with one hit. And with stated probability  65% there is nil option to score a hit either! I reloaded 15 times to understand it.If you play Xcom2 your gameplay will primarily consist of waiting for another save to reload while you will be staring at the game's tacky screen cover. It is disappointing how devs managed to spoil nearly perfect tactical shooter."
76561197994395412,Recommended,268500,21013378,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DARXIDE,A PC game.
,Not Recommended,268500,21267510,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,AncientToaster,"Xcom 2 has a quite a few technical and balance problems at the moment and I wouldn't recommend the game to anyone until a patch is here. The game also needs a quite a bit of balancing, as the early game is frustrating, overly difficult and too random, even on Normal mode. Firaxis forgot how to make really enjoyable, polished games I guess. Beyond Earth was one thing but you'd think they would have learned from that...truly unfortunate."
76561198043017668,Not Recommended,268500,34134434,Posted: 9 August,all,Midnight,"So, XCOM 2 is not a bad game on its own. The reason why I find myself not being able recommend it to most people is because it is just so much like enemy unknown without really adding all that much that is really new, and even loosing some things from the previous game, while still being a full $60 more than a year after launch. I feel like a lot of people gave this game a free pass and I really dont think they should have.The four new classes are really the same from enemy unkown except with the skill tree reanged and a few new skills. Ranger is assault but with a sword (which has a higher chance to miss than it probably should and can be stopped and countered by some enemy types - so i never find myself using it very often because i dont like having to find a new ranger every mission), Specialist is Support but has a drone, Sharpshooter is sniper but with a pistol and some skills for said pistol, and grenadier is heavy but with a grenade launcher isntead of a rocket launcher. The only big difference for classes is the psi trooper, which is now its own class instead of being something added on to one of the existing classes.The theme of being a resistance and setting up ambushes is largely wasted in most of the actual gameplay. The stealth mechanic - concealment - only lasts until you are first detected/ attack an enemy, at which point your whole squad is revealed for the rest of the mission (with the exception of ranger if you take one of two skills, but you do turn down some good options for it so i rarely ever did). so, you get to set up an ambush - at best - once a mission. its also a bit easy to get revealed before setting up your ambush. In addition most missions have to be completed within x amount of turns, which means you dont get much time to perfectly set things up, or scout around to see what exactly you are up against. It ends up feeling like the whole stealth mechanic is largely wasted and doesnt really add anything.After that there isnt really much added to this game from Enemy Unkown to really make it its own thing. It feels almost like a mod of Enemy Unkown with better visuals. It actually takes some things away. for example meld is no longer a thing along with the things that went with it, and even things like the second wave options are gone.To add to it, the game doesnt run well. Despite Firaxis stating they were focusing just on the PC to make it as good as possible (although they ended up porting it to consoles later) it feels like a bad port from console. From how the camera works to controls the game often feels too clunky to be something designed for a mouse and keyboard, and this is the only game I have that will repeatedly crash. I also get a lot of big frame drops, animations breaking, and the occasional loading screen that randomly goes on for ages.Now that all being said, if you are the type of gamer that likes to be put against insane odds which you will most likely not win but like to see how far you can get, you should probably ignore everything i just said and buy it. from my experience XCOM2 is significantly more difficult than Enemy Unkown, adding in enemy types with some crazy stats and abilities - a lot of which in the right situation will just feel flat out unfair. higher rank soldiers are capable of a lot more damage output than previously, but as soon as they are out injured or killed and you are back to lower/middle ranked soldiers you'll likely start having a lot of people die. Also the avenger deffence mission (which it seems like you will always get this at least once in a playthrough assuming you dont get wiped out first) is crazy levels of difficult, which on higher difficulties can end up with you lossing a significant amount of your roster in one mission. It also feels like chances to hit (for the player, anyway) are largely lower across the board than Enemy Unkown. particularly with overwatch, which feels like the chance for them to hit is so low there is almost not even a point to using it - or i have just been insanely unlucky. It also feels like the enemy knows you'll miss too, not hesitating to run straight through it - seemingly knowing all of your soldiers are about to miss despite being six feet away.Overall I cant really recommend this to the typical player. To me it falls short for smillar reasons that Civ Beyond Earth fell short. If the price drops or if there is a sale with the DLC it could be worth picking up, but as it is unless you just really want more xcom i cant really recommend it."
,Not Recommended,268500,22301864,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,HerrDoktorM,"The game is total unplayable, as you can not save games.  There is no patch for it, and reinstalling doesn't help.They've known about the issue for a month, and no update has been provided.  I can't recommend this kind of poor quality to anyone.Had such high hopes."
76561197991014196,Not Recommended,268500,30502509,Posted: 13 March,all,unixd0od,"Not fun, and really frustrating; there are a bunch of things about this game I don't like- The unskippable voice overs are really annoying- Way too many time limited missions- Way too many escort missions- Stealth isn't fun; the turn limit forces you to rush the goal anyway, and incredibly annoying things blow your cover, like a pedestrian a few tiles away seeing you even though you couldn't see there was a pedestrian there before you moved- Constantly flying back and forth on the geoscape to scan things is ridiculously tedious and the constant ""hey, scan here!"" interruptions are just annoying- Having to scan some random place on the map to get your monthly money is infuriating- The avatar project pretty much eliminates any of the progress-at-your-own pace fun that made xcom great- Too many aspects to manage make the geoscape portion of the game overwhelming; spending intel vs money, making contacts but also radio towers; constantly scanning to do anything- The hacking element is basically worthless; fail a hack and reinforcements show up and your cover is blown, so why even bother trying- I played the game for the first time with all of the DLC installed; alien hunters basically makes the game completely unplayable for someone new to xcom2; unkillable aliens showing up randomly in early missions when my guys are all squaddies at best; you have to uninstall the DLC to get rid of themI quit my second play through; I'm going back to EU, I'm done."
76561197970090200,Not Recommended,268500,21393673,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Tannas,"A vast departure from previous xcom games, and not always for the better. You can litterlly toil away at this game for weeks only to be robbed by a single mistake. Soldiers are vastly out gunned and out numbered in every single mission. I'll be the first to admit that Im not a Hard Core, MLG gamer, but a good game allows you to adjust to the skill and time requirements of the gamer, this game has two setting hard as hell and impossible. Very disapointed in this purchase."
76561197971285241,Not Recommended,268500,21286101,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Meowmeow,"I really wanted to be able to give a positive review for this game since I’ve been a fan of the X-com series since I was a kid. However, after playing through veteran and beating the game, and getting partially through commander I have to admit I didn't really enjoy the game as I had hoped.I'll start with the most frustrating part of the game. The hit percentages. Granted this is a problem that has carried over from Enemy Unknown but, it seems to have gotten much worse. This is not due to bad luck since I have tried to get my soldiers in different positions to attack an enemy and it doesn't matter if you have a 50% chance to hit or 90% chance to hit. If the AI has decided that soldier will miss on a certain target there's nothing you can do except try to attack a different target, load your game and try a different approach or be content with missing and losing a Major. This is not offering a ""challenge"", it is intentionally altering your chances so that you will miss now and then. This is supposed to be a strategy game. the decisions you make should not be affected by an AI that randomly decides to make you miss. It would be like playing chess and your opponent decides to randomly punt your pawns off the board. This follows into my next peeve.The game is now half based on strategical placement. With the Codex and Avatar being able to teleport right behind your cover or the Snakeman able to grab you from 8 squares away at full cover or the Archon that just flies from a mile away and gets a critical head bash dealing 12 damage in one shot, the idea that this game is based on strategical advantages is laughable. The sharpshooters are still a great soldier to use and for that I am thankful.The whole game is rushed. And I don't mean rushed through development (even though that is most likely the case.) The game forces you to make brash hurried decisions in 2 ways: the Avatar project on the main geoscape that will ultimately decide you will lose if you take too long accomplishing the main questline. If you make mistakes early on and decide to let that Avatar counter get to high your game will certainly be a failure and you will need to restart (my first game.) I wasn't even able to get through the tech tree or get a maxed out psionic warrior on my first victory because of that. The other rushed aspect is the turn counter in battle. It's rare when I can get a mission to 5+ turns before utter failure. Again this is another aspect where you will have to start over if you made any mistake in the beginning.They also ditched a lot of the aspects of the game i loved. In XCOM 1,2 and EU you had a heavy weapons platform you could bring with you in place of a squad member. It was nice having those since it didn’t gain experience and could be replicated I didn’t mind it being blown up in combat and I took a much more aggressive battle strategy using them. Also, no more vehicle creation? One of the greatest aspects of the game was making your own flying saucer after a lengthy time in the research tree. Besides all that, there are plenty of bugs to find but, that is pretty normal for games that are shipped out prior to being completed nowadays.On the brighter side of things the game offers a lot of new tech including being able to hack robotic enemies and a variety of grenades and ammunition variants that give a great amount of versatility when creating a squad (love the grenadiers in an exo-suit.) The plot line is well developed and intriguing. The addition of customizable weapons per squadmate as well as the PCS units was a nice addition but you may not get the drops you want in your limited time window.All in all i tried to rate the game based on how much I enjoyed it and I would give it 2/5 the sheer frustration of the mechanics in this game has gotten me to abandon it and would not recommend this to a friend as I would not want them to feel the same."
76561198028460806,Recommended,268500,21129717,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Textbook_Davies,"I watched helpless as the mission went to pieces in front of me.It was supposed to be a simple in and out job. Go in, grab the VIP and get to the extraction point. I'd sent Author Squad to get the job done quick, Where did it all go wrong?Hubris.Admittedly, the squad encountered tougher hostile activity than was forcast but they secured the packaged with minimal injury, all they had to do was get to the extraction.Extraction in sight.No one saw  the sectoid that flanked them from the left, Psionic energy flashed across the battlefield and a scream pierced the air.""Nooo, I can't fight it! run! RUN!"" Lt. Charlotte Bronte was clutching her head, stumbling as the sectoid took her mind.Her sister Emily, In a panic, turned already firing. The bullet caught charlotte in the head and put her down.The squad hunkered down as Emily, disoriented, made a frantic retreat.Unseen, ADVENT re-enforcements had moved in from the right. It was an ambush. It was a god damn ambush and Author Squad were caught in a pincer. Jules Verne was the first to go down as ADVENT advanced on thier position followed by old Lev Tolsoy.Time was up.The air support had to evacuate or else they'de be lost too. What was Left of Author Squad had missed the extrac.They said as they left Sgt. Jane Austen was still defending the VIP and SQ. Bronte was slumped on the floor as ADVENT closed on their position.Gone but not forgotten.Author SquadSGT. Jane Austen. MIALT. Charlotte Bronte. KIACPL. Lev Tolstoy. KIASQ. Emily Bronte. MIASQ. Jules Verne. KIA10/10 would field a squad of classical literary authors again."
,Recommended,268500,21130086,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,DemonOfLoom,"It's like Dark souls, it gets in your dreams and ruins you."
,Not Recommended,268500,21436663,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,AlphaNG,"Gameplay is EXCELLENT.  They took the things that I didnt like or didn't really flow well in Enemy Unknown and streamlined everything.  Great job.While I don't expect all brand new games to be necessarily perfect top to bottom, gamebreaking bugs are absolutely unacceptable - especially if you are trying to charge AAA prices!  Every single turn is met with 10 second delays every time you want to do something.  What's worse is that I now apparently have encountered the bug that does not let me start the final mission!  After all the insane lag I wanted to just beat the game and put it behind me, but I cant even do that...Bottom line - Not worth full price until bugs are fixed.  STAY AWAY UNTIL THEN."
,Recommended,268500,21047160,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jozu,"This game has everything we liked about the original and then added some more stuff that makes it even better.  The whole world has a very ""North Korea"" enslaved/brainwashed feel.  Even the loading screens look like North Korean propaganda posters.  It's one of those games that's hard to put down since you never seem to run out of things that need doing.  My only complaint is that during combat, if your soldiers are hit for damage, they ALWAYS have to spend time recovering.  The armor you upgrade to seems to just make it so you have more health to be taken off instead of there being armor pieces that get blown off before damage starts to hit your health."
,Recommended,268500,20996902,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,StrayWolf,"3 hour review -Rigi5-2500K8GB DDR3 RAMAsus STRIX GTX 980Ti 6GB DDR5 running latest Nvidia drivers updated via Nvidia GeForce ExperienceSSD Samnsung drives (various sizes)Graphics - On par with XCOM 1. Much more attention to detail. Maps are very well made.Sound - Good. Explosions are loud. Gunfire is loud. Creature noises are well done.AI - Tough, even on the lowest difficulty setting.Interface - overall, its functional but I find it a bit cluttered.Game performance - playing at 1920x1080 with everything maxed out. During battles...no FPS issues, there really cannot be in a turn based game. No graphical artifacts. The only place I have seen 'slow downs' is during the Sky Ranger scenes. Doesn't really bother me since I noticed that the SSD is reading/writing like mad during that time. Who knows. Rumor is that a patch is coming out to address this but its not a show stopper.Game play - way different than XCOM 1. Devs definitely took a slightly different path with 2 and, in a way, its refreshing but it takes some time to get used too.Yes, 'THE TIMER' can be an issue for some if you are not aggressive enough BUT it forces you to utilize the game mechanics, namely, staying 'in the shadows'. Remember, you are no longer the large XCOM force but a ragtag force of human guerilla soldiers fighting a very powerful enemy. You get a sense of that from the beginning intro and storyline development.In essence, you have to play 'smart' - hit and run quickly. Do your objectives and then mop up the remaining forces...or get the hell out of dodge if needed.Squaddies are very customizable and at first you really don't get attached to them...I've lost 2 thus far, both with 4 missions under their belt, and I just shrugged. But now...I'm starting to be more cautious since some of my soldiers are getting some very useful skill sets.That's in 3 hours of game play. Did about 8 missions thus far. Lost one mission but it gives you the option to replay it and was successful the second time around. Key: keep your squadmates close enough to provide overwatch fire but not to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by explosions.Game play value - 9/10 thus far. Its a fun game and I am definitely getting my $60 worth out of it. I can see infinite replay value out of it...like ALL XCOM games.Would I recommend it - damn straight! Its XCOM people. The world needs to be saved! ;-)"
,Recommended,268500,20997169,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mon Eek,I can't even beat the first mission on normal mode. 10/10 would play again.
76561198008130980,Recommended,268500,21001423,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,robertmi,"Early Review...  D&MN FINE GAME!  This game is an excellent extension of the ""new"" XCOM and the missions are just as nail biting as they were  in that version.  I ran through on Iron Man in XCOM a few times, but this game could very well make that impossible.  Currently it is a matter of Saviing often and early!  Combat can be especially challenging as there is no way to know just which positions are going to trigger the next set of enemies.  Fighting three (3) aliens with four (4) of your marines is totally doable, trigger the next alien reinforcements early and you are facing six (6) to your four (4); this will yield either one or more injured or dead in your party making the mission an out right mess.On missions without time limits it is best to move cautiously and use overwatch fregrently; there is nothing more exciting to watch than your troopers ripping through a heavily armored enemy as the four of them shredd the behemouth with reaction fire.Misssions with time limits... move far and fast in the early turns  so as to get closer to the objective before the enemy is ready.  These missions are the most dangerous as you can not wait for the enemy to make mistakes and must charge into the breach to see what will happen.  Rangers excel at this and I like ot keep two (2) in my squad.  Moving them up half way will often trigger an enemy response.  Soften them up with heavy weapons and  your sniper followed by two ninja ranger slash attacks. Three enemies up... three enemies down.Overall the graphics are superior to the earlierr version and the new and improved enemies have been challenging at times on ""vetran""; God knows what the next level of difficulty will bring!So saddle up ladies and gentlemen and be ready for some truly excellent tactical combat!"
76561197985746008,Recommended,268500,21001484,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Stratigamo,"Having sunk a few hours into EU/EW, having another xcom is a god send. I'm very pleased in the direction the devs took this new xcom. It feels fresh and robust without loosing any of the ""That's xcom, baby"" mantra.I'm running a sandybridge clocked at 4.2 ghz, 970 gtx, 8 gig of ram. I turn off MSAA and enable SMAA via sweetfx. The game looks and runs just fine mostly at 60fps.Many people are pretty bent out of shape about the new mission turn limits. Some missions have them, some don't. But, with the new concealment mechanic, it's easy to get right up to the front line in a good position to assault the objective. 8 turn missions can be completed usually in 6 (I'm on commander difficulty / ironman). 12 turn missions are almost too easy, but have a good chance for more enemies.Now if you don't want turn timers, you can mod them out, but I would up the difficulty if you do this."
,Recommended,268500,21002487,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Succ(eed) - naeayedea,"An amazing game.Some performance issues; i.e. I need to keep the game on minimal settings, but that doesn't effect the gameplay at all. Timer has been a pain once or twice but honestly it adds a sense of urgency that encourages you to actually think about what you're about to do. XCOM 2 is probably my favourite game of the past 2 years and is an overall improvement over XCOM: EU/EW."
,Recommended,268500,21009699,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,FF_T0,time limit mission lose whole elite squad 10/10
76561198189550397,Recommended,268500,21009832,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Erwin_Von_Braun,"Pretty good strategy gaming - not much different to Enemy Within in terms of tactics deployed. Units seem pretty balanced an there is still the laughable 99% hit chance misses!Get the feeling it isn't quite finished, there seem to be a few niggling little bugs to work out.Other than that, pretty good fun - I NEVER get tired of making the Alien Scum see their own guts by slicing them open with a sword :)Edit:Played nearly 130hrs now and I must confess, there is bad news to report.This game suffers from one of the major issues that afflicted EW - in that the harder levels do not present you with a tougher opponent. Instead the AI gimps your troops and limits the effectiveness of your actions. Liken it to being a really good boxer, you have defeated all before you, but rather that be presented with a tougher opponent, you are made to fight the same opponent with one hand tied behind your back. A real shame that a brand new game in 2016, suffers from such basic AI - I was hoping for something a little more challenging. Any experienced strategist will easily spot the flaws and end up being disappointed :("
76561197981484930,Recommended,268500,21009869,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Karna5,"I play XCOM2 at 4k resolution with maximum graphics settings, and it runs fine on a two year old gaming computer. There are not optimization issues on the graphics, rather the developers forgot to force the Windows priority to High. All you need to do is go into your task manager while the game is running and fix the priority to be High. The game will run fine after that.Now for the review:The developers claim this is an open world game.  It's not really, though. There are timers and pressure to do certain quest chains before it's too late, so because you can't just randomly do whatever you want, it's not an open world game. That's okay in this case, however, because it's a superb 4X game.I wish they had not included timers--especially campaign count downs--to XCOM2.  With luck some good modders will fix that at some point.That said, this game has enjoyable character customization. It allows you to save regularly and experiment with tactics. And if your characters get gravely wounded in battle, they may even get permanent scars which is good for immersion.I've played approximately 24 hours of the last day and a half since it came out, and I'm not even close to half way through one campaign. I'm trying hard to avoid the main quest and just do random stuff and develop my trooops and tech, but it's looking at some point the game might force me to lose because of that. Nevertheless, I'm having fun ignorning the timer as much as possible and just playing.The characters are great. The classes are great. The monsters are great. The combat is fun. And everything is delightfully complex.This is a wonderful game."
,Recommended,268500,21009798,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Caio Favero,Had to restart my campaign twice in 10 hours.I missed XCOM
76561198007340158,Not Recommended,268500,34599067,Posted: 29 August,all,Vidofnirr,"I bought Deluxe edition. What a scam, the content you get is... well nothing, just a couple of mediocre workshop dlcs. And when they release a true DLC it is not included."
,Recommended,268500,21319447,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Mathias,"Never played the classic X-Com games, but I'm fan of the new saga! XCom:EW is very good, but XCom2 is awesome!"
,Recommended,268500,21324741,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,zeeke,Bugs bugs bugs but it is still X-COM.Mostly slowdowns and graphical stuff. Haven't ran into anything game breaking yet.
,Recommended,268500,24832339,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,DerpGaming,"Xcom 2 is an amazing game, all of those other reviews that give bad reviews based on the timer in missions, well, there is a mod for everything, including modifying and disabling mission timers. And with lots of support for Steam Workshop, the option is one ""subscribe"" away. Overall best game ever!10/10""Sometimes I really miss that goddamn sweater"" - Bradford"
76561197975290120,Not Recommended,268500,23326738,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Hunk Chen,"I\'ve found a bug...it happens when there is  an viper king and a last soldier on the battlefield. If the last soldier ( or the last soldier who can move before my action round ended ) just do the first movement, and of course the viper king will also move too after that soldier\'s movement, and enter the viper king\'s attack area, the viper king would latch onto that soldier and wraps around him. And that soldier would be immobilized and cannot do any action. Ok that\'s the bug, because the soldier has the second movement and he is the last man who can do a movement, the action round stuck at this situation, and I cannot jump over it until I loaded the save file. That\'s stupid."
,Recommended,268500,20973705,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,LE.Skrrt Skrrt,Didn't make it to evac and lost my best troops.10/10 would xcom again.Buy this game.
76561198064640955,Recommended,268500,20982637,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,jbren718,"Had issues with crashing at first, but I reinstalled it and it worked like a dream. I love this game. I played it for fourteen hours straight while my friend sat next to me and watched it. I honestly don't know too many games that are so fun you can watch another person play for fourteen hours. If you like any XCOM games, you'll love this."
76561198015110771,Recommended,268500,20989097,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SnuF,"This is XCOM. It is hard. It can be downright infuriating. This is 'old video game hard'. Not 'new video game hard' - you won't get freebies, you won't get a pat on the back, and you won't have your hand held. You will have your entire team slaughtered, resources driven to bankruptcy, and it will never once let up.But all this will be YOUR FAULT. YOUR crappy decisions, YOUR impatience, YOUR poor management of resources. This game will force you to get better. You will start to anaylze all your decisions. You will budget resources wisely. You will be patient... and you will win. You will have worked and worked and worked and your victory WILL be EARNED. This is XCOM and IT. IS. GREAT."
,Recommended,268500,20991771,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,EVOXSNES,"I've seen a faint resemblance to Enemy Unknown and often when this level of change comes it spoils, often because the developers lose sight of the essence of the project.In all the ways that matter though, this is XCOM but by no means can this be relegated as just a sequel.XCOM 2 may be a different XCOM but it's classically badass."
76561198061573744,Recommended,268500,21039257,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Hartmann,Had 100% chance to hit. Missed.... But thats XCOM baby
76561198001156706,Recommended,268500,20989703,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,LucidityComplex.exe,"Have we told you about our good lord and savior, RNGesus?You're gonna need him in your life because this game will make you bash your head on the table until you bleed... in a good way. :)10/10."
76561197961954403,Recommended,268500,20990257,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,t4u6,"Except very minor bugs here and there, the game is a marked improvement of the XCOM before it. Very enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,268500,21412296,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,kestrel,"while this game is good - like, really good - i can't recommend it in it's current state. it's a disaster in terms of performance and stability.not once have i played this game on my own computer. i've had to play it on someone else's laptop, whereupon i have to set it to the lowest resolution possible to get above 20fps. keep in mind, my computer and his laptop both meet therecommendedspecifications, and yet this is the performance we get as a result.""more experience with pc games"" my♥♥♥♥♥♥ firaxis. how can you delay a game forfour monthsand have it run this poorly for thousands of players?"
,Recommended,268500,20984350,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Der BLK,"Alright, this is my impression of the game 11 hours in playing on commander difficultyXCOM 2 honestly surprised me, in a very good wayI was honestly expecting XCOM EU/EW V2, but instead what i got was an amazing game that takes what i loved about XCOM EU/EW improves on it and makes it smootherIt also takes a lot of the things i hated on XCOM EU/EW and either reduces it, removes it, or changes itThe good:The gameplay feels AMAZING, it actually feels fun controlling your soldiers now, it feels like you are working WITH the game and not against the consolized crap that it wasIt feels smooth, i guess its the best way to explain itXCOM EU/EW always felt stiff on the controlsXCOM 2 makes the controls feel extremely smoothGraphicsObvious, the game is now on UE4 instead of UE3Looks amazingStoryI actually kinda care about the story now, its way more engaging than""HEY GUYS ALIENS ARE HERE TO KILL US AND XCOM IS OUR ONLY HOPE, PLEASE SAVE US OBI WAN COMMANDER""Youre always working against the clock, youre always working to stop the avatar project, and you always feel pretty outgunned and outmanned imoThe game does an amazing job of making you feel like youre literally nothing against this alien empireAnd the story of the rebels that rised against the alien empire, to fight for freedom is pretty compellingNew aliensThe new aliens are pretty amazing, not only they look pretty goodThey also add quite a few new mechanics in the gameRandom levelsYESAfter playing XCOM EU/EW for some time you get to pretty much learn the maps and its general layoutIt gets pretty boring after some timeWith this game, the levels are randomly generatedPretty much the game has ""level pieces"", the game picks those level pieces and fits them in a random manner and orientation on the levelSo on one mission you might start at a gas station, but the next mission the gas station might be on the middle of the map or something like thatOr you might not even see oneAdds so much replayability to the gameMODSYEA BABY, do i need to say more?Now the bad:TIMED MISSIONSI get why they are there, i really do, its supposed to make you feel rushed, to make you feel like youre doing guerilla tacticsAnd it kinda makes sense, you are a bunch of rebels dropping onto a city controlled by adventOBVIOUSLY the aliens are going to notice something is happening and go hunt you down, they are going to be sending jets to take your transport down and keep you down thereBut in practice, it feels too rushedTheres nothing worse than me having to restart a mission because i took 1 turn too long to get to the extraction point and i lost every single on of my soldiersIn its current state, i think the timers need to be toned down, they are not impossible to get past, they are just extremely annoying and one of those things thats gonna make you go*its a timed mission again*Poor performanceMy specs:i5 4670k280xWith those specs im getting around 30 fps at 1080P with everything on maximum and AA turned down to FXAA, turning the game settings down seems to have little to no effect on performanceI honestly cant think of anything bad to say about this game, its amazing, the only reason that im not playing it right now its because ive been playing for 11 hours non stop and i need some restBUY THIS GAME, ITS AMAZINGAnd also, huge props to feraxis for doing a mac/linux/windows release, AND, allowing and encouraging moddingI just wish more devs would do the same"
76561198040229985,Recommended,268500,21042548,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dustinpuffer,"If you like the previous xcom, you would definitely love this game.They up the difficulty a lot but it was still fun to play, there are some small bugs here and there but over all great release.A lot of improvements on the already really good game mechanics. Smarter AI, more crazy weapons and gears, good pace"
76561198021778656,Not Recommended,268500,21171348,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,KungFuFingers,"This game is about as balanced as a blind tiger with parkinsons on a tightrope.Patch that,and I can reccomend this-but as it is,no."
76561198009064432,Recommended,268500,20989428,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,POYO-ing,"Do recommend but . . . . .FIX YOUR GAME!!!!Not only it is somewhat BADLY optimized, it also suffers some random BUGS.For Example:- 7.5k and 10k points Multiplayer match keep crashing the game.- In some cases, units will automatically stand up and receive no cover bonus if it gets hit behind a cover.- If covered behind cars with windows, somehow it will automatically turn your unit's cover shield icon into yellow, and yellow icon means your unit is most likely dead due to all those critical damages and no cover accuracy.- Not sure intentional or not, but suggest to add selectable region instead of always 90% Cairo region starting point.- Also not sure intentional or not, but Advents and Aliens can shoot thru the walls and roof without needing a line of sight as long as others advents and aliens can see your unit.And that is only the beginning/early part of the game, not sure how much more are there in later part of it.G'day poyo"
,Recommended,268500,20989506,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Shadow Walker,Its enough like the old but brings enough new to stand apart.
,Recommended,268500,20992134,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,fabrizio_T,"More of the same. I said more!XCOM 2 plays almost like Enemy Unknown / Enemy Within.So if you liked those you can't go wrong with this game.Now you get far more unit customization options / perks and way less linearity on the strategical layer. Campaign offers far more content and options, it's actually quite overhelming at first.Aliens are back, on steroidsAliens are back and they're quite varied.Some are new, many are muted and even more deadly.You're much more vulnerable to Psi and ranged attacks.Alien weapons tech improves across campaign, like yours.Timers, timers everywhereI don't like timers, i really don't.Yet i can live with those within XCOM 2: in my 10 hours of ""relaxed"" gameplay i've yet to see a single timer expiration.Where are all my beloved frames gone?XCOM 2 has indeed performance issues. I bet this will be fixed.For now you have to live with noticeable random FPS drops, annoying camera pauses and severe stuttering at times. That's not stopping me from playing the game on a years old notebook (on medium settings) though.Bottom lineIf you're prone to asthma attack under [put any mumber here] fps you'd better stay away, at least for now.Other than that go buy this game."
76561198071236634,Not Recommended,268500,21406288,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Gilli-Suit,"I have to honestly say that I can't recommend this game. It's a fake attempt at making you feel like its a turn based strategy game, its so linear in its mission structure and how the naritive forces you forward. It may not striaght out tell you what you should build or research in your home base but if you don't build the right room your screwed. Most of the missions are timed in a manner of how many turns you can take, taking away any sort of plan or strategy you want to use. Not only are these missions timed, cutting your fun factor down, the whole campaign has a countdown clock that if not delt with, will result in a total campaign wipe. To top it off you'll spend countless hours of screaming at your screen due to the fact that your soldiers really, really suck and the aliens are spot on with their shots, every time. I simply don't understand how this game has such high status and reviews with its current meta and overall performance issues and bugs. I feel that when playing a video game you should feel some enjoyment out of it, with Xcom 2 buyers remorse sets in real fast."
,Recommended,268500,20982351,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MPrime,"Are there a few performance issues? Absolutely. That will get ironed out, and honestly, it doesn't take away from the experience. The game just feels right, from the brutal difficulty, to the speed that you have to move through missions, to the reworked base. I'm probably going to be up all night for the coming weeks until I've beaten it, or gotten decimated enough times that I give up. I'm not sure which will happen first.Obviously I recommend waiting for a Steam sale if you actually can, the game will age well."
76561198039363975,Recommended,268500,20982551,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Kobra,"ImposeburMy soldiers fail every god dam shot. This game have very bad % system or i have the worst soldiers in the planet.The optimization is not good but i have been lucky enough to run it with a few lag not so afthen.Almost every missions is timer. i cant make any good strategies or take my time because i have to rush to the objectiveThe main story seem to advance to fast not like previus xcom were you can take your time on the main base and then dopreority missions. Here seems like you are foce to advance like it or not.. I dont know completly how it works so dont take this statement as a fact..Dam sectoids are overpower Main cointrol your soldiers.panic your soldiers.Kill your soldiers ect...I like that. but on the first missions? really?This is just some first impressions not a review i havent advance in the game enough for thatPS: I will try to advance on my missions. if my god dam soldiers can hit something.Edit:This game is Amazing the only bad side is the Time missions but that can be fix with mods and the performence is not that bad. Devs will fix it with a patch,Also this game have Full Mod support and will make the game even better.Edit: there is a mod that Tweaks Timers =)"
,Recommended,268500,20984242,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sypher,You and your Friends just died.Why?YOU missed a 99% Shot you idiot!10/10 would miss a chance at a real review again
,Recommended,268500,20984289,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Flemishdk,"Love it. Just be ready to get bit in the butt by RNG going the wrong way. Also yay for the weird camera angles during some shots.Game tends to drop frames at several moments, but the fun I had made it all barebly to deal with"
,Recommended,268500,20983138,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Jont,"At last i have closed down the game. I managed to get stuck so after about 14 hours divided into two play sessions i've been able to take a break. I'll be making some points about the positive and negative things i've encountered thus far.Positive:- Intense & timecramped missions that make you plan out every single round and a system that really punishes you for not doing so. The satisfaction after barely making it out alive is amazing and it really fits the theme of the game.- The anthill type basebuilding aswell as the construction and research system is rewarding and satisfying while staying true to the previous XCOM titles.- The map where you plan all of your operations and setup links between the different parts of the world is greatly worked upon compared to the other titles in the way that it's alot more interactive and brings in a bunch of new, sweet features.- Great character customization that allows for pimping out your favorite soldiers, some of the options are a little more limited than the others but it's not a big deal. You can also save your characters so that you may encounter identical ones in other playthroughs.Negative:- I am playing on medium but the textures are still pretty horrible at times for being a 2016 game, i know strategy games aren't supposed to excel in graphics but it does annoy me at times.- The camera angels are NOT good. For a game that has so many mini-cutscenes and camera angles all over the place they are incredibly bad at times to the point where the I'm looking at the floor, roof or wherever instead of where the action is going on.- Optimization is pretty bad at the moment, im getting FPS drops at medium settings from time to time and i feel as if i really shouldn't be getting them at medium settings seeing as i can play etc. The Witcher 3 on high graphics with almost constant 50+ FPS on a GTX 960.Overall it's still a great game and im sure that most of these issues will be fixed within the first few months and the things that don't get improved upon will certainly be modded in. Also, if you don't enjoy RNG and punishing gameplay then you might want to reconsider purchasing this game.8/10 PRETTY GOOD"
,Recommended,268500,21218851,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,A very hot piece of Kek™,I'd totally bang a Viper.10/10 would have wet dreams about snek alien tiddies again
76561198001051551,Not Recommended,268500,21350710,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kaifa Anta,"Would be a great game if it wouldn't go to a black startup screen constantly.  My system more than meets specs, but I would not have paid full price had I known the game would be so broken on release."
76561197963638786,Not Recommended,268500,21147218,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Kyzar,"I'm a bit dissapointed with XCOM2 so far, have to say.I come to XCOM having played Laser Sqad in the 80's, then the Original UFO, then XCOM. XCOM and Enemy Within sacrifice a *lot* of the micromanagement for a more accessible and fantastically entertaining turn-based game. Still a long way from perfect, but I have maybe a couple of hundred hours in XCOM / EW - one of my top 3 games ever.XCOM2 has a lot going for it. It is MUCH harder (thankfully). New (and the welcome return of old) aliens, great maps, the rebel mechanic seems interesting and the ambush idea is probably superb. I say probably because almost every mission has a turn limit - which seems a wierd juxtaposition to 'take your time and be sneaky sneaky' new tools. How can I set up a great ambush, reach the objective on the other side of the map and get back to the exit in 8 turns? It makes no sense at all and is very frustrating. I can't develop a play style and learn the nuances of a squad whene everything is done on a sprint. I've had one map so far (a Blacksite) which wasn't time-based and it was superb - but only one. And now I have the avatar project counting up on the geoscape, so I don't feel I can explore the world either.I realise that modern gaming is all about instant gratification and I'm an ancient 40 year old who likes 'the good old days' - but honestly XCOM was superb in being almost alone in bringing a more thoughtful pace of play and probably thanks to that we have rising popularity of the more faithful UFO clones out there, which I'll be getting into more. We wrinklies have disposable income as well - it's not all wasted on providing games for our grunting, twitching, sleep and daylight deprived offspring :o) I just wish there was a game with the visual appeal, AI, enemies and interface of XCOM2 with at least the depth and freedom of XCOM/EW.Would be great if there was a third thumb on the rating system - not recommending sounds harsh (if you like being under endless overly-contrived countdowns and want maps as quick as a round of CS:GO, this is the game for you), but I can't really recommend it either - can we get a 'meh' thumb? :o)"
76561197991278157,Recommended,268500,20963841,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,knigt76,"First impressions after playing for about an hour:Minor glitches (meaning, it may break suspension of disbelief but won't break the game).Good graphics (mind you, I have a high-end gaming computer).YOU.  CAN.  MOD.  EASILY.There will no doubt be oodles of great mods coming out for this game.This is shaping up to be the best x-com game in the franchise.Thanks, long war studios and 2K.  Well done.  You listened to gamers and modders (I'm both).After 1 hour, I give it a POTENTIAL for 10 out of 10, an actual of 8 out of 10.$60 well spent in my opinion.UPDATE: After spending about 20 hours playing this game (it looks like more, but I left it on overnight a couple nights) I still haven't had any CTD's or serious bugs.  I've yet to try any mods or make any b/c I'm still having so much fun with the vanilla.  It's the best x-com so far, which is saying something.  Good job, fellow comp-geeks.(Also, there are 40 mods out just a few days after the game's released!)UPDATE: My profile says I've played 75hrs, but I leave it on while I do other things.  More like 30 hours.  I've started getting the ""error 41"" problem, which happend in xcom EU/EW.  They still haven't fixed that problem, sadly.  If you have this problem, a possible fix (may work, may not) is to verify local.  Hope this helps.  Still a good game tho, and I still recommend.FINAL UPDATE:Finished the game, great game.  Finished another game, multiple mods, great game again.  Playing a third round with 6 mods, and it still works.  This is a great game (with some non-game breaking glitches).  I recommend it whole-heartedly."
76561198037369871,Recommended,268500,21067668,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Roderick,"If you look at the discussions right now, you may laugh. Some say this game is broken/bugged/unbalanced/too hard (i.e. set number of rounds until a mission has to be completed), on the other hand some people are mad about steam doesn't give their achievment for completing the whole campaignwithout loosing a single unit.So you can say, this game polarizes. Thatswhy a warning: This game is for you, when you like turn based strategy games where you still have to adjust quickly to new situations. It may be challanging and frustratig, but thatswhy it has a very rewarding win feeling if you succeed.This game is nothing for you if youa) are used to build up a large force to overpower/overrun your enemyb) move onward as slowly as possible for your safetyI love this game. It realy glued me to my screen since the days it was released. Finally not a ""I am the hero and respawn as long as it needs to take my enemy down"" again.pro:- Nice grafics and dubbing- simple base management- edit squads as you like it- better interfaces than XCOM EU/EW- a bit more tactical choices on world map than XCOM EU/EW- random generated maps (even last map at least with random generated enemies (XCOM EU/EW was always the same...))con:- long loading between base and combat (even loading of savegames is faster)- some grafical bugs, but they may have patched it out already"
,Recommended,268500,21066936,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Venger,"It's really, really good and very ambitious, but has technical issues at launch. Turn down your graphics and don't play Ironman and it's a 10/10 game.Oh god, I'm going to sink 1,000 hours into this game."
76561198007139340,Not Recommended,268500,21602098,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Ilzrael,Keeps crashing even with update. Wish I could give a review on the gameplay but never really got to experience much of it.
,Recommended,268500,21047155,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,noJokers,"This game is fantastic, yes there is a few performance issues bu8t in nearly 40 hours I have had only a signle crash and the game had autosaved that very turn.It does a great Job of being Enemy Unknowns sequel while also feeling delightfully fresh. I never get quite the same tingles beating regular story games as I have from the recent Xcom series."
,Not Recommended,268500,21022231,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Aiendreas,"Wait for the patch. I just want a higher resolution, :("
76561198026010365,Not Recommended,268500,22155995,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,jonathan,"Great game but very buggy. The game was released too early and, quite frankly, the bugs in it really affect the enjoyment of the game. I'd only recommend it if you had some patience.And it seems when you play on the very hard settings the game designers have thrown in these ridiculously powerful creatures that basically slice n dice a squad for no apparent reason than to make the game hard for a player. Better AI and tougher soldiers I get, but creatures with three layers of armour and moves that defy any sense of plot or logic are clearly in there just to kill squad members. Squad members should be killed because a player makes tactical errors, not because the game designer had some kind of Godzilla fantasy!A pity because what should have been such a good game, and could have been, just fails at key moments where tactics have nothing to do with success - a real shame."
76561198053718882,Not Recommended,268500,22117846,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Eddizel,"I will keep this short and simple.  I love Long War, have over 1000 hours in it.  This game is ok but it looks like I won;t pass 100 hours in its current form.  Needs a complete long war type overhaul mod, won't care too much about it till it gets one.  Thankfully the tools are all there, so someone pls get to work on it, thanks :)"
76561198160723119,Not Recommended,268500,22116572,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Glorious Maker of Pancakes,"I'd probubly love it, to bad it doesn'♥♥♥♥ing download on Mac, I know the PC master race doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but when you make a promise, you keep it. Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game Firaxes"
76561198048888483,Recommended,268500,29975388,Posted: 16 February,all,Corner Guy 2.0,"XCOM 2 is a great game, but in the present state it is in (as of 16/2/17) XCOM Enemy Unkown is a better choice. Make no mistake, I love this game, but it runs terribly and has far too many bugs and issues with fixes that requre anything from uninstalling the game to verifying the cashe. Most of the big issues are from mods conflicting, so it ends up being a ""find the trouble child mod that crashing my game"" which is both time consuming and miserable.All that being said, if  you can deal with the game running poorly and the occasional crash, this game is amazing. If the game ran well, and didn't crash nearly as often, this would be an amazing game that would be worth the $60 pricetag. As is though, I would wait until it goes on sale.Overall: I would reccomend this game even with the issues, it is just that good. If only the game didn't have so many problems."
,Recommended,268500,20968784,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ryamatsu,"So far the game has ran great for me, no crashes, no bugs, etc. People are complaining about turn limits, but I welcome this addition instead of spamming OVERWATCH we now must use skill and flanking tactics to achieve victory.Pop the enemy with a flash-bang, have an ally pop the guy in the face directly. Don't waste your turns trying to hit enemies with less than 50~60% accuracy when you can charge and flank.I believe as long as you adjust to the new hectic playstyle, you will find great enjoyment in XCOM 2.The graphics are good. The character customization is improved. The story is easy to follow and interesting. The gameplay is improved and adjusted to be more tactical, each move you make must be well thought out and executed, otherwise you will risk the mission and your allies. The new job classes are interesting and fun so far."
76561198218663925,Recommended,268500,23220425,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Rice Windu,awesome game do recomend to play on the easiest gamemode as i even with that go back to change what i do multiple times
76561197963323627,Not Recommended,268500,24455742,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,A player has no name,"I loved Enemy Unknown, but can't get with this at all. Base is too resource-starved to do anything. Having to fly around collecting things. Enemy turns take forever to finish, because there are like 10 of them (""Ok, can I have a turn now?""). Repetitive, annoying cut-scenes and dialogue. Annoying, boring characters. Dialogue that cuts off other dialogue, or overlaps because everyone wants to tell you everything, all the time. I'm sure I just suck at the game, and haven't devised a proper build order, but even on 'Rookie' difficulty it doesn't feel like there's time to do anything. The timed missions that force reckless progress through the map. I'd stick around and ""learn to play"", but the irritating things in this game cross my threshold of not being worth the aggravation."
,Recommended,268500,20998649,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sunzo,"I'm loving this game.It has what I loved in X-Com: EU and EW with new features/enemies/developments sprinkled in.It's an absorbing strategy with diverse enough character customisation for units to feel unique, on the subject of customisation there's a lot more to it than there was in the previous installments, so if you enjoy having your own unit, you'll love customising in this game.The new enemy units are both really cool and terrifying, every time I see a new enemy unit, I make sure it dies as soon as possible rather than seeing what it can do. (and then later on it catches me with my pants down on another mission because my veteran's are all recovering)I could sing this game's praises for days so lets get to what I think is wrong with it.The game is incredibly more difficult, now this is both a good point and a bad point.It's only a bad point because of the next things I'm going to discuss.+There is a game loading bias. Shots I've made before loading have hit and have gotten criticals, then after loading, they miss entirely, and after many consequetive loads, each time it fails to even hit.it seems every first shot after loading a game seems to have a drastic aim hit, I've even tested this out by making the exact same shot in the exact same place with the enemy at the exact same health and in the exact same spot before: both with the unit in question firing first, and with another unit firing before hand then firing with the unit in question.In the latter example the other unit shoots, misses and the unit in question then fires, hits, GG game over.in the first example the unit in question misses the target and another unit has to attempt to hit them.This balant ""Anti-Save Scum System"" is insanely annoying and with the increased difficulty of this installment means I've spent a great deal of time having to wrestle with it, something I do not find fun and really detracts from the experience.+Long War influences: The game is definitely harder, feeling more like Long War than the actual base games EU and EW.This is both a good and a bad thing too, only being a bad thing simply because of the Anti-Save Scum System.+Caters to Hardcore gamers: There's no good and bad to this one in my opinion, those who prefer hardcore gameplay will see this as a huge plus, but for those who seem themselves more as casuals, or inbetween the two (like myself) will find this to be a particular feature that one has to take with some salt, water and lots of sessions crying because I lost my favourite sharp shooter and STOP MAKING ME RELOAD TO SAVE HER FOR ♥♥♥♥ SAKEThe game is also host to some really annoying bugs and glitches, after experiencing them first hand, I can see why they were exclusively a negative point in the IGN review.as they stand, they are not game breaking but really detract from the experience, and end up only being funny the first time or if you're really easily amused (or high off your face)I love this game, and I'm definitely slapping it with a 9/10When some patches get released and those bugs get fixed, it'll raise to a 9.5/10 and if a second wave option is added, or a patch is released to fix the Anti-Save Scum System, it'll definitely get a 10/10 from me.(Disclaimer: many may see the Anti-Save Scum System as something that's not so bad, and may want to dismiss my opinion on it, but before you do, please look at it from this perspective: someone who is going to save scum, say to save their favourite unit, is going to save scum over and over and over until they get the result they want, having to put up with continuous loading over the course of an hour replaying a single turn to try and get that PERFECT scenario where everyone lives, is insanely painful and boring and really detracts from this excellent game)"
76561198114547725,Not Recommended,268500,21630972,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Grablin,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME UNLESS YOU'RE RUNNING A POWERFUL PC!this game SHOULDVE been great but when the damned thing doesnt work even after bug and hotfixes and there are still servere bugs that cause an entire up-to-date PC to crash, it looks very bad for the dev team who worked on this port. i was only able to play roughly 6 hours (barely enough time to really get into the game) before the game crashed when returning from a mission and caused my entire PC to lock up 3 TIMES IN A ROW (counting the restart/ retries) in the exact same place every single time. the next 1.8 hours were spent attempting to repair the game or at least make it half playable to no avail. i cant really see how people are praising such a horribly ported game that seems to be getting worse somehow with every attempted fix by steam or the devs and can honestly say that i would not recomend this game unless youre running an extremely powerful PC to try to compensate for these ultimately gamebreaking bugsTLDR: this is an unacceptable waste of $60 dont waste your time"
76561198000731909,Recommended,268500,26505886,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,BrainDps,"Everything you loved about the first, and much more!Customization is great, it's challenging, the progression and randomness ooze replayability.I personally don't like the doomsday clock (i.e. time pressure) but when aliens invade, you can't rest!"
,Not Recommended,268500,24048935,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jake,"This game is just straight unfair.Never able to hit shots that are at 75% or under, enemies rarely miss (even if I am behind full cover), 45 hours in and it has been the first time a Viper has missed to grab me, is the panic percentage for my team at 100% when someone dies or gets wounded(?), and constant stress and worrying about when the next block of proggress for the enemy to end your game will randomly come up.The cinematic scenes were nice, really enjoyed the story, some aliens looked nice (some made me ask why is this a thing), and gameplay is good at times.I seriously thought I was going to love this game and at first I did, then I started to see how unfair it was. Don't buy this if you want to have fun."
76561198017594433,Recommended,268500,21004690,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Platinum™,"Expands upon the tried and true XCOM series. Firaxis improved on almost every aspect of their last game, with the only thing I have noticed to be a little annoying is the turn timers being a bit too short. The customization options have been doubled, the combat is more engaging, there are more alien types, they even ""evolved"" the aliens and made believable with the story.All in all, if you enjoyed Firaxis' first XCOM, then you should definately consider picking up this one.9.5/10"
,Recommended,268500,21009421,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Hyper Zone ☣ ✅,What can I say? the best PC game ever made just got even better.
,Recommended,268500,21009335,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Eathren,"Missed a 98% chance shot. 20/10, welcome back old friend."
76561197994953298,Not Recommended,268500,33593410,Posted: 16 July,all,Albert Camus,The Good:-Everything that is like Enemy Unknown.The Bad:-TIMED MISSIONS! You know what would make a game about tactics and pateince even more fun? A brutal timer on 3/4's of the missions. Wow! There is difficult and then there is stupid difficult. Timing the missions on XCOM defeats the purpose.-Overworld Map ADD! The overworld map constantly rushes you and prevents from completing any sort of statagey. You go from half complete supply drop to half complete investigation because of the way the mechanics work.XCOM Fans: Save yourself the disapointment and buy a game that's a real challenge rather than one that resorts to cheap development tricks to make it seem hard.
,Not Recommended,268500,33497910,Posted: 13 July,all,Carbs,"The vanilla game does not distinguish itself significantly from its predecessor and has a lacklustre ending, while the flagship mod for XCOM, Long War, does an even worse job of living up to the greatness of the original. The main mechanical failing is in the new Concealment mechanic which should provide a tactical advantage in ambushes or stealthy infiltration but unfortunately fails to execute the promise of either one of those. There is no ability or perk other than overwatch to maximize on an ambush and 'sound pings' from running still gives away your position to enemies despite concealment so attempts to infiltrate simply result becoming surrounded. There's no real reason to play this game for either its copy and paste story from the original or its copy and paste mechanics plus a poorly executed new one."
,Not Recommended,268500,21821006,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Brakara,"Runs like a slog, and the focus on time based missions is a horrible misstep. Probably my most disappointed game in a long, long time."
76561198051754656,Recommended,268500,31529073,Posted: 3 May,all,Shivavishnu,This is a pretty fun game to begin with. The ability to mod the game heavily without breaking it makes it pretty awesome.
76561198014493888,Not Recommended,268500,21850434,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Ahadihunter1,"XCOM 2 is an amazing game, but truly a game filled with bugs and flaws far beyond recompense. I'm giving this a thumbs down."
,Recommended,268500,21025175,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Zarthus,"Whilst released in a poorly optimized state, XCOM 2 is an enormous improvement over XCOM: Enemy Within/Unknown, this game has been an extroadinary amount of fun and it is definitely one of my personal favourites.If you liked the previous XCOM game, you will no doubt like the improvements they have made here.It's a shame they released the game in a what feels like non-ready state, and I have no idea how long they will continue to support it. But when you make the comparison with Bethesda games, and especially with its extroadinary support for modding, it is hard to imagine it will not be fixed - one way or another.Could have easily been a 10/10 if only the developers spent the extra time on the polish. Some visual bugs can be neglected - if only they weren't as game breaking. My expectations have been surpassed, and if not by the devs, I suspect the modding community will release unofficial patches."
,Recommended,268500,24833737,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Cool Cat Saves the Third Reich,Is it as good as enemy within? No. Is it still very good? Yes.8/10
76561197970966562,Not Recommended,268500,22109576,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Bushid0g*,"Not recommended for the full price.The set of game features considering what XCOM : EW added to the original game makes it look like a completely dumbed down version  of the first opus.Maybe wait until they add gene troopers, mechs , and the Long War Studios do all the work for them.Other than that, the only thing they ADDED to the game which actually good and fun is the stealth mechanic.So basically you would be paying 50€ for your copy of XCOM 1, with 20% of the gameplay features provided by EU + EW + Long War, only to get the stealth gameplay.Your choice, but basically it isn't worth it for me.I've got 450 hours in XCOM 1 btw, most of it on Long War. I've played this 60H so there is actual gameplay and value for the price. But I'm a huge xcom nerd. Nonetheless, honestly, buy on sale only. I'm fed up with devs removing half the content of the game in their sequels. Where are the MECHS, where are the gene troopers? Why do Psi soldier do not multiclass anymore? So many things you would have to mod to get back the gameplay you are used to. Otherwise nothing really fun is added. The tactical map is a nice idea poorly executed.Level design is perfect though.Basically I spent 60 kinda fun hours on it ( most of it fun, actually, but frustrated by so many poor choices of their part ) but won't be coming back to it. I want to play Long War but with the stealth of XCOM 2."
76561198039437223,Not Recommended,268500,20993063,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,schapert,"The gameplay is fun and the story engaging ... theoretically. Time to wait between missions is insane. Who would just sit at the computer waiting until the game let's you do something again.And as others have mentioned loadtimes and framerates are garbage ... and that for a game essentially without any real hardware demands. In contrast The Rise of Timb Raider, just as recent and visually way way more impressive runs much smoother and better.Overall not remotely worth the hassle and the cost ... do not waste your money!"
,Recommended,268500,20989412,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gintsama,"This game is great, get it it's fun, and holds itself up to Xcom 1."
,Not Recommended,268500,20984391,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Chimichanga,"A once beloved stategy title... Turned in to stress run and gun. Riddled by terrible design choices and massive flaws in game logic. Race against the clock, yet no matter what you do, you will never be able to research or get the firepower to actually complete this race. Xcom 2 throws so much♥♥♥♥♥♥at you at the sametime.♥♥♥♥♥♥that always have dire consequences. There is no middle ground.Slow... Down... the ♥♥♥♥ING pace.. a notch.Tl:DRLike playing a sonic underwater level that never ends and never gives you air."
,Not Recommended,268500,21343500,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ChaosGusOverlord,"Xcom is an amazing game... if it worked.Buy it once everything is fixed, then you can enjoy the immense amounts of strategy and fun it has!Most games in early access play better.Multiplayer  Ranked Matches - 90 seconds per turnMy opponent takes 6 minutes (i am not kidding here, I kept track) and he says he kept on trying to end his turn but couldn't. He had only two Xcom soldiers.Campaign - I was given the same mission over and over again. disarm this bomb, but no enemies spawned in. I got the first mission where Advent attacks -----------, but it was replaced with the same mission again! it was even in a Advent city every time, when it was supposed to be forests!"
76561198105357518,Not Recommended,268500,21349843,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,snuzzles1,my game broke before it even started up
76561197999155154,Not Recommended,268500,21288897,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Hendu,great game until it inevitably becomes unplayable.
76561198007270578,Not Recommended,268500,21350706,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Ranger one,"Probably good game. Not my cup of tea..Unforgiving, not for the impatient."
76561198087952152,Not Recommended,268500,21351343,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Docri,The fact that My characters from my character pool won't become the job I've picked for them is driving me crazy. I literally can't play this game. fix this please.
,Not Recommended,268500,21339352,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Usurper,"Current state is completely unreliable. Don't play Ironman unless you enjoy line of sight errors, grabbing through solid walls and logic defying bugs crushing your entire squad with no hope of reload before the issue occured. Right now it's not if but when a fatal bug occurs that bombs your playthrough.Otherwise, the 5 attempted playthoughs showed promise in terms of bring a whole range of new things to the franchise we love. Hopefully they can try finish the game soon so we can try play it and only get screwed by the random number generation.Give it a half a year to get the game fixed."
,Not Recommended,268500,21038475,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,müdetale,"Frame drops in stupid places.You can stand literally next to an enemy, put the barrel aganist their head and have only a 60% chance to hit them and miss."
,Recommended,268500,21219903,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Loppy,"I have completely changed my mind and am deeply in love with this game now, LW2 has breathed life into a game that was already very much alive to begin with. Play it once to get the hang of the game, then install LW2 and get ready to lose repeatedly on anything but recruit.Original Review:Ehhh?This game is fun when it wants to work, but I've experienced numerous game-breaking bugs that have caused me to start over. I understand that it's theoretically possible to miss a 99% chance to hit something, but at one point I actually missed a 100% chance. So yeah, I'll recommend this game, but it's a cautious recommendation.The developers giving modders an easier time + access to the deeper files pushes this to a yes, because the community is absolutely incredible at managing to push out so many fantastic and well developed mods so quickly after release.Play it without mods once to get the feel of the game, then install mods to make your gameplay that much more satisfying the second time around."
76561197970938476,Not Recommended,268500,21003773,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,cowboi,"I wouldn't buy right now.  I haven't had a single crash, but it seems to hang up and take minutes to ""think"".  Don't know if there is a driver problem or some kind of optimization issue, enough people are reporting this to take it seriously."
76561198031234719,Not Recommended,268500,21082278,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,thehive123,"Not really XCOM 2, but Firaxis' XCOM ""Reloaded""... without the addon.The base construction and research part is even less than in the first part and less than any other XCOM series title.But to compansate this, they increased the amount of annoying line of sight issues in combat and added some nice time limits to almost all missions to further lower the tactical possibilities.It is still an ""okayish"" game, but beside the combat part, I'd rather prefere a remake of Terror from the Deep, Aftershock and Afterlight than a remake of the first Firaxis XCOM.A little update, because after playing for so long, some people might get this wrong :I like this game.BUT I have expected more, because this is a sequel.Don't know what is going on at Firaxis, but they made the same with Beyond Earth, which kind of is a sequel to CIV5 and also left our nearly everything that has been in and added to CIV5."
76561198022764014,Not Recommended,268500,21037258,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,pr0fez,"What looks like a promising turn-based tactical assault game is marred by a terrible release. The software quality is remarkably low. On my system, it is unplayble due to stalling, lagging, crashing and a generally unresponsive interface even on low settings. The auto-detected settings crashed the game after stuttering along at 5-10 fps for a few minutes.Wait for patch.My specs:i7-3770S@3.1GHzNV GTX 770 2GB GDDR58GB XMP1600 DDR3SSD RAID 0 @ 3Gbps"
76561198007901880,Not Recommended,268500,31410214,Posted: 27 April,all,SunGod,"Oh boy, where do I  begin. I started playing XCom back in the '90s with XCom: Apocalypse, and that was awesome. Fast forward through the years and many disappointing ""sequels"", and finally the X-Com reboot comes around that we all wanted and almost all of us loved for holding true to the original.So with XCom 2, I'm not sure what the ♥♥♥♥ happened or what these guys were thinking. The pacing of this game just pisses me off. Missions are forced with arbitrary timers, ever time I try to go to a supply drop I'm force-fed another mission, and whenever I try to do one thing then something else pops up in my face. What the ♥♥♥♥, guys? Really? Did you think that people hated the pacing of the XCom reboot so you had to try and rush it along? This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.At the heart of XCom 2 is a great game wrapped up in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, overly-rushed shell that feels like a bad Japanese stand-up arcade game where everything you do is on rails. I don't feel like I had the freedom of exporation and developing my own strategy like I did with XCom. Instead, it just starts to feel canned and rushed. It's a shame.On individual missions, the early ones are WAY too ♥♥♥♥ing hard. I have a bunch of rookies, and they're already throwing aliens at me with psionic powers? Are you joking? Who did the level design and pacing on these? Because dude, you're drunk. The difficulty curve goes right up - there's no easing into this. Get ready for save/die/reload/die/reload/die/reload over and over. It's just too much. I get it if it's harder several missions in, but FFS, give us a chance to ease into this thing.So overall I'm disappointed with XCom 2. XCom was damned-near perfect, and it was THE best reboot of any game ever, and it was amazing. But XCom 2 dropped the ball. They ♥♥♥♥ed with a formula for a perfect game, and what we get is something that tried to be more, but ended up being less. The small vids up in the corner are kind of lame, and the science nerd girl Shen is annoying as hell. The quality of the video is atrocious; I know what the devs were trying to do, but it comes off a lot worse than you think.It's kind of sad, really. The joy of XCom is gone, and this version feels mechanical."
,Recommended,268500,21145032,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,GizkaFreechman,"I like XCOM 2 it's a good game, a really good game in factbut there is one small problem......Time Limits Ruin EverythingI'd understand them because some missions with time limits make sense of course (like saving a prisoner etc)BUT ALL THE MISSIONS HAVE TIME LIMITSall of them ranging from 6-10 turns to beat or lose the game.I can't do stealth when I have a time limit of 3 turnsJust when I thought Fallout 1's time limit was bad, XCOM 2's time limits make Fallout 1 look like mercy"
,Not Recommended,268500,29815966,Posted: 9 February,all,Zyros,"XCOM 2 is like so many other Firaxis games: at it's core is an obscenely-stupid artificial intelligence that couldn't successfully navigate a board of tic-tac-toe, so the solution is to inject artificial difficulty into the game through completely-random dice rolls and cheese mechanics that generally fall in favor of the computer. Then yah rubber-stamp ""STRATEGY"" on the box and ship her off divided into several pricey (and generally ill-reviewed) DLCs.Like the XCOM before it, XCOM 2 also features an (optional) ""Ironman"" setting where you can't save scum, which I find hilarious because the game is essentially Restart-Roulette and the interface literally MISINFORMS YOU in several instances, such as weather soldier X can hit Y from location Z, etc. etc. My opinion is that games that offer such modes but aren't even sufficiently polished screams ""Try Hard"" and just adds insult to the injury that the game is faux-strategy.Perhaps Firaxis can take some of the $$$ they earn from splitting each installment of CIVILIZATION into several pricey expansions and use it to hire somebody who knows how to program an AI?EDIT: spelling"
76561198062599038,Not Recommended,268500,30979143,Posted: 6 April,all,mmudado,"The game lost its magic in several aspects compared to later XCOM games: 1) now there is a time restriction; 2) there are many currencies, like intel, supplies and money - *all of them* are difficult/obscure to obtain; 3) it is difficult to obtain scientists and engineers. This being said, you don't have control of your game anymore, you cannot customize your base, your soldiers, research, etc., because those are all restricted in terms of time and money. XCOM2 is not XCOM."
76561198076154200,Not Recommended,268500,31465484,Posted: 30 April,all,The Anti Hero,"I've played the hell out of this game.  It's amazing and everything you could ever hope for.The problem is the game is completely broken and unplayable now.  For me and for a LOT of people.  Just Google ""Pure virtual function being called while app was running GlsRunning==1"" and you will see Firaxis broke the game with Shen's Last Gift DLC.   That was MONTHS upon MONTHS ago.  And Firaxis is spouting that it's mod files, nothing they can do.  I have one mod file, which was just a premade character mod, which once I saved the pool of them, turned off.  I have no other mods installed, and once you get this error, there is zero ways around it.  So Iron Man playthroughs are out as can't reload a save and try something new.  The DLC Mission for Shen's Last Gift involves having to put people on an elevator to move up a level.  Crashes every time.  Cannot complete that level.  At All.  Ever.So, buy the game if you want.  If you can get it to work, you will enjoy it immensely.  Sadly, it no longer works for me, and I cannot enjoy the game anymore. I also feel people should know Firaxis has had nearly a year to fix this game, and won't. So if you spend your money on this game in it's current condition, you will be paying for nothing more than wasted space on your hard drive, and I doubt Steam will refund you."
76561198041666032,Not Recommended,268500,33443293,Posted: 10 July,all,disgruntled troglodyte,Game crashes incessantly. Unplayable. Would not reccomend in its current state.
,Recommended,268500,33807986,Posted: 26 July,all,Honey Badger,"This is a good addition to the XCOM seriesIgnore everyone saying ""UGH TIMED MISSIONS AAAAA"", they arenotas bad as they make it out to be and quite frankly i've never had a problem with them, i'd say they can't be bothered adapting to new difficulitesAnd yes the campaign is also one big timer, but it can be pushed back constantly, and there's even a story reason as tooWHYyou're timed in the entire gameThe modding community is thriving as always, tons of customization mods, weapon additions, long war 2 (Though personally it is far too long for my liking and is hard to dedicate yourself to doing due to the difficulty jumps and just the fact it's very slow at start and even when you pick up the pace), class mods, and quite a lot moreI won't say this game is 10/10 perfect, it's great, but it does have it's flaws."
76561197981414723,Not Recommended,268500,23790379,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Naskoni,"Just requested a refund. Maybe the game is as great as almost everybody says, but given that I was playing this on a 5930k Haswell-E and a 980 GTX, which according to 3DMark is a setup better than 85% of all systems tested on it for 1080p performance, I'd have to say XCOM2 is probably the worst optimized game I've had the misfortune to buy in a very long time.I see no reason to support Firaxis for releasing that sort of crap, as they don't even attempt to patch the problems out by the looks of it. This is not worth the asking price, not even with the discount of Steam Summer Sale. Might pick it up when the price drops to 10Euro during sales in the future or in the particularly unlikely case they actually fix their game."
,Recommended,268500,20961453,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Haegr,So. Good.One minor annoyance is that when you create a character using the creator and you use them in game they do not go into the specific role you selected for them.
76561198027910162,Recommended,268500,23998566,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Qian,"XCOM 2 is stressful, painful, frustrating and forces you to make a lot of hard decisions.. I love it!"
,Recommended,268500,20962000,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Reteq,"Fun and addictive.  For someone whos never been good at these games, im having a blast.Performance is fine, no drivers have been released yet and with my system (i7 4770k, GTX 970, 8GB RAM.....) im getting 40-70 fps on high settings.Improves on everything from the previous XCOM Games.Get it!"
76561198030804128,Recommended,268500,20963105,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Mcwidow,"Really great game, specially with the new improvements"
76561198067594551,Recommended,268500,20962834,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,djafox,"Looks and sounds great. I'm running a MBP that just meets the minimum graphics requirement so it's a bit slow for me, and the in-game graphics aren't as sharp as they could be - still looks pretty good though. Hopefully the speed can be improved a bit with a performance patch."
76561198005664136,Recommended,268500,20963267,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Myxyplyxx,Made of awesome and win.
76561198070134622,Not Recommended,268500,31812444,Posted: 17 May,all,Murky,"1 year later and all the bugs that made me hate this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥are still very much present. WTF happened to Firaxis? They used to make games that were fun, simply to get into, and didn't crash every 5 minutes, now they make turn based trash with the stability of a Bethesda game.Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Firaxis, you can't just rely on your community to patch your games for you like Betheda does."
76561197970329457,Not Recommended,268500,22385604,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Al Paradise,"Big fan of the premise. This is probably as close as we'll get to ID4: The Game. The problem isn't the concept, it's the execution.Ultimately, if you want just a carbon copy of XCOM1's gameplay elements -- top-down view, 2 moves per soldier, etc. -- then you'll love this game. If you want some innovative design ideas and a gripping story, you need to look elsewhere.They somehow managed to make the story even more boring and shallow than in XCOM1, which is particularly evident as you dig deeper. Once you get past all the mystic mumbo jumbo garbage, it's a bunch of nothing under the guise of ambiguity. I would've preferred a giant, glowing brain-in-a-jar kicking in humanity's front door to steal all their water or whatever than what XCOM2 hands you. At least the brain thing would've been fun.Gameplay is more of the same except now it's ""resistance"" flavor. Which is fine because XCOM1's chess match style gameplay was great. Except that there's a new concealment 'feature.' There's no explanation or tutorial on how to best use this. Initially, I thought you could complete objectives and missions concealed, then disappear into the shadows. That's not the case. If you don't attack the first group of enemies you see, you eventually reveal all the enemy groups the deeper you go into the map. When you reach the objective, there are permanently stationed enemies around it. By then revealing yourself, you activate each group of enemies until you're surrounded.It's a waste of a great concept. Stealthy resistance tactics diluted down to a free overwatch shot.Character customization options are a little bit better in places but also worse in places than the previous game. Most facial hair looks terrible, and there simply aren't that many options. They managed to add a few more accents -- such as British and Australian English -- but removed other languages entirely, which is a shame.tl;dr: Great concept, terrible execution. Regret blowing $60 on this, probably worth more like $20-30."
,Recommended,268500,21009611,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Jeff the Hobo,"XCOM 2 is great!If you've enjoyed XCOM Enemy Unknown/Within with or without the Long War mod, you will very likely enjoy XCOM 2, it brings you a lot of the same gameplay along with a lot of new interesting mechanics that complement the old style."
,Recommended,268500,21038914,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,SpinCrash,It hurts so good.
76561197983877129,Not Recommended,268500,21312779,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,slipperyfrog,"Its rare I play a game that I love, and hate so much at the same time as Xcom 2. The game is a non stop barrage of highs and pittfalls. There is a strange duality of quality in every facet of this game, that I have rarely seen outside of an indie game. The game looks and plays exactly the same as ""Enemy Unknown"" and somehow is even plagued by many of the exact same graphical, an UI issues that dragged down its predecessor. The game has grown little since its last itteration, and many of the new mechanics the game prides itself on, are so poorly fleshed out as not to add anything meanful to the experience. While there have been a number of improvements to the balance of the gameplay, the game can't seem to decide if it wants to hold your hand, or throw you to the wolves. All too often I found myself muttering ""Yeah... I get it."" or to the other extreme of ""Where was the explination for that?"" There is a lot going on in this game, with a whole slew of things to juggle if you are to succeed, and a strangley heavy handed, or an altogether detramentally late explination of many of the new resource mechanics in play. On top of this the game has an unnecessary amount of waiting built into everything. There are pauses, and cooldown timers attached to everything from animations, menu navigations, game actions (both player and enemy), and character naration, making for a frustratingly slow progression to get to the gameplay itself. At the end of it all this is less a sequal, and more of a massive expansion to ""Enemy Unknown"" and not a terribly ambitious one. Even in lue of all of that, it is still somehow a joy to play, thanks entirely to the modding community. They have come together to fix, many of the failings and blemishes of this tittle, and turn it into something that is a load of fun. Its a tooth and nail fight uphill all the way, as you struggle for a foot hold in the face of an overwhelmingly superiour force. The satisfaction of working your way up through alien armies, with nothing but your whits to protect you is surprisingly refreshing, in an increasingly resource oriented Strategy genre.As it is, at the end of the day, I can't recommend this game without the heavy use of modding. The vanilla experience essentually a jar of jellybeans at the far end of a room of rock salt and broken glass. Yeah there is enjoyment to be had in it, but you have to suffer to get to it."
,Not Recommended,268500,21327909,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,PapaBless,"Almost finished my first - and only I think - playthrough. The game is boring and without thrill if you don't play Iron man. Started again with Iron man I managed to arrive to the final mission, where the game bugged out and 2 of my soldiers were killed for that. But you know what? At that point I didn't even care.It was a struggle arriving to that point of the game, really repetitive. I just forced myself to justify in some way the money spent. Don't think I'll touch it again.Ah, and the frames drops. wow!"
,Not Recommended,268500,21300639,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,asgalpha,"The game is actually really good, easy to use UI and complex strategy makes this a tense and awesome experience; sadly, performance is terrible, I tried this game on many different systems and they all seemed jerky and stuttery, gives you a headache after a while, wait for a patch."
76561198051501262,Not Recommended,268500,21369654,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kaigamer2002,as long as the game keeps locking your camera every 2 minutes im not going to recommend this! if tehy remove all teh bradford chatter and give me  100% controll over the camera then yes its a cool game!
76561198045005788,Not Recommended,268500,21370388,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Hedwig,Too broken to play right now -- it's buggy and suffers from crippling performance issues. Wait until they patch it.
,Not Recommended,268500,21307766,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Glitches are cool,"This game performs like absolute garbage, but of course it only shows up in the mid-game after refunding is not available. Constant freezes between load screens, hangs, and sometimes critical, game breaking bugs occur during play. Absolutely shameful for Firaxis to put out such trash like this. Do not buy this game until it is patched up to spec."
,Not Recommended,268500,21335468,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,General HAAM,"I've enjoyed this game a lot, but like what everyone has been saying, there are way to many issues with it. Campaign was really great even though there were bugs and glitches laying around everywhere, I was still able to playthrough it and have fun.But ooohh my gaaaawd multiplayer is a freakin disaster.  It's just straight up lag and fps problems, it takes so long to just simply switch from you to your opponent after you are done taking actions. The timer in the corner doesnt even work correctly, and people will just disconnect if they suspect they are going to lose... which is just terrible and hurts my feelings!!!!I hope it can all be fixed soon so I can continue playing. Cause as of now, I can't keep it up. I just finished campaign and all I want to do is play the multiplayer but it doesnt work :/ ... so meh."
76561198035063205,Not Recommended,268500,21348407,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,grant.parks,Very disappointed.  Been a XCOM user for many many years.  I bought the game knowing their were issues...hoping it would be playable....but it isn't.  Some of the most annoying problems have been:1.) crazy mouse scrolling....can't stay in one place on the Avenger....keeping going far left or right2.) Frequent game hangs....can't escape to desktop with cntrl-alt-delete or other means....so hard restart of computer required3.) Sound stutters frequently....making you think the game is about to crash.4.) Got to the end of a mission and tried to exit to desktop (and another hang / hard computer restart).I've never written a review before on any game....at any time....but I feel compelled to warn people that this game (as beautiful as it is with all its potential)....is no where close to being ready for prime time.  I'm afraid of all the damage I might be doing to my high-end computer with all the restarts....Not touching XCOM 2 until I hear everyone else isn't having problems.  BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!
76561197973518566,Not Recommended,268500,21371114,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,LOATHING,"Big xcom fan but I've only had this running a few minutes and am disappointed with the quality.  I'm running a high end machine but I saw better graphics on the original xbox way back when.   I know other people are recommending this game then going on to list whats wrong with it but I don't think that's the right way to go about it.  This game isn't ready, the only thing I recommend is the devs hang their heads in shame.  Not cool guys, not cool.The thing with xcom is it can be so brutal you have to want to play it, and be prepared to quit after hours of gameplay to start again from scratch.  Others have left interesting feedback regarding the gameplay of this version, I can't comment since I haven't played long enough and to be honest I don't want to invest my time in it in this state."
,Not Recommended,268500,21369922,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Chudda,"I enjoyed the XCom EU and EW so much. So I bought this without question, and I reallly regret it. I don't normally write reviews, but this game has been such a let down that I had to say something.Part of this is because of all the weird bugs and glitches that make the game feel awkward and unfisnished. Come on guys.. This is game number 2, and not only are bugs from Xcom1 still there, but you've just added a whole bunch more. (THE PAUSES IN BETWEEN ACTIONS ARE UNBEARABLE!!!)But the biggest shame about this game is that it's just NOT FUN. In fact, it's a DRAG.Even on the ""normal"" difficulty, this game begins kicking you before you've even had a chance to get up in the first place. All these hours in and I and I still dont feel like I've really WON a single mission yet. Squad members are dead, critically wounded, or critically wounded and suffering from PTSD (seriously).I don't know exactly what Firaxis thought they were doing here... but this is not a game. It's punishment. I'd like my money back please."
76561197966846005,Not Recommended,268500,21625224,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,BradCorley,Game crashes after pressing PLAY on launch screen.  No fix i have tried seems to work. Have not seen any plan to fix this issue. Garbage.
76561197994288760,Recommended,268500,21024245,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ralpgalland,"9 out of 10.1 deducted for some performance issues.Did you like X-Com? the old, the new? The UFO series? The clones and the fangames?Love seeing aliens and their cronies die in splatters of yellow blood? Blow things up, including making aliens(or their cronies) fall off the roof?Or love building a squad of multionational badasses that kick alien butt, or die horribly as the aliens kick butt back?Then this is for you.If you love FPS, or RTS, or just love to hear yourself rag on games you don't like on youtube, or just can't accept that a game can have flaws or not run like a Lamborigini on your 1990's era calculator computer.You hate to have some difficulty and have your pawns in a game actually die, or are unable to figure out something more complex than Candy Saga...Well, then this game is not for youMe, I'm loving it... Just need someone to use the modability of the game to make me a darned beret, and not one of those Americanized floppy pancakes, but a proper beret, slick, well shaped and with proper insignia, not the americanized giant jumbopatches that make it look worse than Montys.:P"
,Recommended,268500,21036286,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Static,"Watch your world fall apart as you gently tell yourself that there was nothing to be done, Avatar is OP, the game is broken, why is aiming so skewed and other fun excuses."
76561198045777756,Recommended,268500,20963865,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Peasant,"Overall an enjoyable experience but I had a few minor gripes. The tutorial section is WAY too long: three missions and everything in between of ""click the highlighted button"". Also the customisation isn't quite as good as I expected because of the bizarre rank requirements for different customisation options (including colour schemes, not just items) and the very small range of voices. Basically, your guys are American or English if you want them to speak English in game (don't even bother with the terrible Australian and UK 4 ""Irish"" accent).Gameplay-wise, it's not super different to XCOM: EU. The game starts out fine. Tier 2 is the most frustrating, I actually got bored and put the game down for a while. Tier 3 is where the game really comes into its own."
,Not Recommended,268500,21066346,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Redgrave,Game crashes constantly.  Shame on you for releasing a broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,268500,21044473,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TigBits,"This is XCOM '2'.  Yes, it feels exactly like XCOM EU and EW, except, it has a bunch of cool new things that you wish were included in the original.  Also, and this gets separate mention. they included modding tools on launch day.  The base game alone is awesome, and I can't wait to see what people do with those tools.The only cons are that I need the easy camera fix to have a great camera, but I'm sure they'll stick it in an update soon.  I also have a smidge of a performance drop on loading screens.  Then again, I am running maxed out DSR and in-game graphics settings.So all in all I give this 10/10 for current launch day performance (esp compared to other hit titles on launch) and for future replayability (modding tools)."
,Recommended,268500,24926387,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Goofy,"I really like Xcom series and xcom 2 is very good. graphic, gameplay, difficulty, strategy, rpg, base management etc etc ! I recommend to any one who like strategy scifi turn by turn game.There is one thing thats a down side of this game is at higher lever of difficulty you pretty much forced to save and load a lot. You become a save scum.I still give the game the note of 9/10"
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,268500,21497875,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Flopy,"At first game felt really nice.. New perspective was added to the xcom brand. However further in the game there are ridiculous enemies that are overpowered and whole game is based on dice throws where you find your soldiers missing half of the time which is really boring and lame. Also animations take loads of time and you find yourself yawning most of the time when you look your gremlins fly and lame around.This game is not worth time or money to invest in.Update:As I have prepurchased this game and paid lot of it wanted to see the game to end.This game is far from strategy or tactical game. As the high level abilities and weapon mods base on dices for examples:- There 2 alien types that involve abilities that cause them to choose random place when they get hit- Xcom soldiers own many weapon mods that add dice throws, such as weapon mod that adds x% change for the gun to kill enemy in instance- There are other features in the game that also are as random as killing the opponentsThese facts make X-com very unsatisfying game. If you look for even tiny bit similar strategic experience to old xcom or the redone xcom skip this game.The add to all this game still contains many bugs and ill design such as:- Enemies that pass through objects- Game bopping that make mouse control hell- Random keyboard binds on the action bar- Random camera angles that make it hard sometimes understand what the hell is even happeningDo not buy this game!"
76561197965850694,Recommended,268500,20962841,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,DarkStrider,"a few bugs here and there, but that really dont take away anything from the experience. a truly awesome game. people complaining about timers: install mods!.. complaints about avatar project? install mods! mods are your friend!, there are so many fantastic mods for this game allready, buy it and enjoy! i absolutely adored it. missed 3 shots of 94% in a row hey! thats xcom baby :) ppl complaining about this game must be 11yo wow geeks first timers. saying the game is bad because of your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 100£ computer. lol"
76561198042225361,Recommended,268500,20959504,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,McLoven64,XCOM 2: Gotta Go Fast
,Not Recommended,268500,24098672,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Off Too Much,"It has been over four months since this game's complete tragedy of a release.  I purchased this game after multiple patches and DLC were released and yet my game (and those of others, according to a google search) still crashes after the first tutorial mission.  I've tried every fix I could find.  Validating, deleting, reinstalling drivers, redownloading the game, disabling DLC, moving files, etc.  And, of course, going through 2K Support has been helpful in no way, shape, or form.  I just wasted my money on a product that will most likely never work.  The entire situation is disgusting and whoever green lit this for release should feel nothing but disgust when they look in the mirror."
76561198032287370,Recommended,268500,21064387,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,NerfedFalcon,"It's still a little rough around the edges, but the core game is easily good enough to recommend, both to those who enjoyed the first game, and those looking to pick up something new."
76561198006887658,Not Recommended,268500,34845340,Posted: 9 September,all,SpentChicken,"ok game, not as good as Enemy Unknown . On the back foot far too often with nothing you can really do to stop it due to many missions having a turn limit forcing you to advance into ambushes and losing soldiers out right or injured for 20+ days."
76561198030400065,Recommended,268500,20989544,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Liberator,"Dont listen to the nagging♥♥♥♥♥dribblers in the review section.Xcom 2 improves on every aspect of enemy unknown and provides much more of a challange which is what the original xcom is about. Crying about that you cannot sit back for a few ingame months or even a year to grind gear and be stupidly OP against some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sectoids is just missing the forest for the trees.What they have done is they made you play against an actual foe who has his own victory goals, so nobody is going to wait for your pudgy♥♥♥♥♥to sit around and play with your gonads before you start to make a move, which is what the game should be about.In regards to timed missions, it is more a preferance really and some people dislike it while other adore. But i can confidently argue that not only it made encounters more tense but gradualy more satisfying seeing as you scramble to establish the best way to go through a mission with the least casualties.In this game you cannot do everything you want and you will have to do ACTUAL decision that will affect your game and the outcome of it."
76561198049479077,Recommended,268500,34675848,Posted: 1 September,all,Zombies Bane,Joe Freeman is dead.
76561197973952918,Recommended,268500,21644791,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,blu_light16,"As a big fan of XCOM: Enemy Unknown, I was surprised to see how many things changed with XCOM 2. Along with the new futuristic setting, almost every aspect of the gameplay has been tweaked or modified in some significant way; altogether, it makes XCOM 2 feel wholly fresh and unique – even if not all of the changes are for the better.What stood out the most early on was the steep learning curve; it wasn't until around the 30-hour mark that I felt like I had a good understanding of how things worked. The “Veteran” difficulty setting struck me as being WAY too hard for a first playthrough. I recommend setting it to the easiest mode, at least for the first bunch of hours.Of course, the complexity that makes it hard to warm up to is part of what fuels its replay value – there is an enormous amount of depth here. You can modify soldier weapons and some of their stats with special items, equip different kinds of armor, manage research projects and constructions, keep track of limited supplies, manage special development projects and special reseach projects......umm, actually there are TOO many things to keep track of. It reminds me of the excessive micromanagement of the first Mass Effect – the depth is definitely there, but it takes too long to get anything done.The weakest part of XCOM 2 is the story. It comes across as rather cliché average sci-fi, but at least has a very strong presentation with stylish cutscenes and good voice acting. Visually, the whole game feels “brighter” than Enemy Unknown, but still has the same great use of color and special effects. It's a lot of fun to take screenshots during the cinematic moments in battle – give it a try!It's easy to compare XCOM 2 to Enemy Unknown and point out its flaws, but at the end of the day the turn-based strategy battles and base-management elements have a similar kind of engaging, almost compulsive appeal with very high replay value. It is intense, entertaining, and will push your intellect to the limit. Just be sure to treat this game the way you would any hostile alien: approach with caution.(Rating: 9/10 “Great”)"
76561198118413514,Recommended,268500,20963122,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,viddamao,awesome graphics and game play. lots of new stuff even if u finished xcom already.
76561198060101030,Recommended,268500,21023084,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DickoTheMLGPro,"I've only played about 3 hrs, and so far i haven't had any game breaking bugs, crashes etc. So I'm pretty stoked with the game and can see myself putting quite a few hours into this.8/8 MATE"
76561197962100857,Recommended,268500,21013946,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,six-P-,"You will either love or hate this game. The timer mechanic is fantastic if you like gritty missions where failure and complete squad loss occurs (best played with Ironman). If you liked to go through every mission near-flawlessly and perfectly level up your squad and seldom lose soldiers or missions, you probably won't like X-COM 2. It's tone is substantially changed from the first one due to the inclusion of the timer mechanic. Or you can save your soilders by aborting the mission, which is my current go-to option. The gritty pace extends to base management and the global map, and in terms of that, I'm much more lukewarm, because it almost requires you to play the game multiple times to know the importance of timing of plot events. But that kind of existed in X-COM 1 as well - i.e. the base attack.On the downside, the graphics are basically the same as X-COM 1 (trivial improvements) and the performance is much worse, probably because of some random default graphics setting that I haven't yet tried to tweak. Edit: I tried tweaking a few settings, and the game still stutters on a i7-6700k@4.5Ghz, 980gtx, 16gb ram, ssd. There are also a few graphical glitches and a few minor but noticeable bugs here and there. Definitely less polished than earlier releases.Still, a great game. Oh, and a word of advice: Don't be afriad to call in an emergency evac - despite the mission objectives - sometimes is necessary to overcome spikes in difficulty due to random generation of terrain and alien patrols. Overall, I'd rank this game as better than Enemy Unknown, but somewhat less than Enemy Within."
,Recommended,268500,21756523,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Kerensky,"I was going to wait until I pass 1000 hours played to review, but the latest performance patch convinced me to post my positive review sooner.  I highly doubt I can say anything that hasn't already been said by countless other positive reviews so I'll just list a few short items and add my recommendations to this awesome game!1.  Solid turn based strategy that looks beautiful.2.  Good support in official patches and content release plans so far.3.  Soldier customization is amazing!4.  And maybe most importantly for the long term, superb modding support and potential.  If there's something you don't exactly like about the game, you can mod it to your heart's desire.  Fine tune the game exactly to your personal idea of 'fun'.  You can't ask for more than that!I easily see this game being the first Steam game I put more than 1000 hours into, especially as future content and mods pave the way for more great fun and new adventures!P.S.  I lied, there is something I can share that no other positive review has.  Enjoy my series of X-Com-ical comics!http://steamcommunity.com/id/AFFS/images/"
,Recommended,268500,21080894,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SquealyDan,game was good. spent some time wrting a review which was lost upon steam reloading.has some faults. but I recommend getting it if you enjoyed enemy within.
,Not Recommended,268500,33333426,Posted: 6 July,all,Jingle's Jangles,just makes want to play enemy unknown
,Recommended,268500,23507325,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,SuperGiantEgg,"captures the spirit of original xcom with mostly good improvements. if u r experiencing lag, try:1. turn ambient occlusion to tile AO2. shadow quality to high3. turn off framerate smoothing4. most importantly, turn anti aliasing to FXAA but run the game at a slightly higher resolutionIt will look basically the same and hard to tell even with side by side comparison, but you will get a HUGE framerate boost. i went from low 20s to mid 40s"
76561198245333106,Not Recommended,268500,21513809,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Gurglesnort,"Going to be a great game when it's ready for release. Currently unplayable. If I could, I'd return the game until they get the graphics/crashing issues resolved. Totally not worth buying yet."
,Not Recommended,268500,23523505,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Robobob,"Way too difficult on average diffculty and easy missions.  Cover is too easily destroyed.  Aliens Mind Control, Stun and Panic a soldier or 2 every mission.. oh and they can revive the dead to fight for them.  Weird hit % that doesn't makes sense.  End a mission with a soldier at half hitpoint?  They'll be unavailable to fight for a week or 2 even though you could heal them fully in 1 turn in mission.  Timed missions are way too tight, with not time to setup, heal, reload, etc. Just run and pray.  Enemies get an extra turn outside of theirs when they spot you to run to cover immediately.  Get ready to load and reload... and reload, a lot, if RNG hates you. A single missions takes way too long to complete and you are hammered early on my several missions at once early in the game.  This game had me way too frustrated at all the odds stacked against me.  I pushed un through 10 missions and my feelings haven't changed.  More annoying than fun."
,Recommended,268500,21009614,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Raz,"While Playing this game, i have encountered More bugs than i have toes and fingers to count.Dispite all that, i would Pay again. great story, great gameplay, great graphics, 100% xcom. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,268500,28148008,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,lantanian,"I m big fan of XCOM , but I will tell you what ? Dont buy this crap, there is no way to pass through Viper King if you play at hard. It is taking action after each your team member, you will be stuck there and there is no end.I want my money back, this is not xcom. We had kind of bosses before but this one is ridiculous, this is not turn based game. totally wasted 30$"
76561198073290384,Not Recommended,268500,24014591,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,hnyaa,"This game could be better than this.We know that adding something is easy and just it does not make the game great.A good director should select and determine which item should be included and others not by considering accessibility, balance, and etc.  The director or developer of XCOM1  really did well about it.  However, I think the director or developer of XCOM2 just add and combines unrefined items and makes this game not special.I really has loved XCOM1 (Enermy unkonw, Enery within, and even long war),  I do not love XCOM2.Please return the person of XCOM1 who is a director or a specific developer controlled the balance of XCOM1, and make him in charge of XCOM2"
76561198038005553,Recommended,268500,21004311,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Zep Dek,"Did you like the first XCOM? If so, you'll like this one. It's basically the same game, with the graphics improved, changed some of the units, balances some things out. And all of that is a good thing! Once I returned to the world, and saw what those...things did to my world. My world which I spend years in (in various playthroughs) guarding, defending, and repelling the alien menace, they ruined. It actually♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. So if you like turn based games, strategy games, killing aliens, by all that is holy, get this game!"
76561198053736197,Recommended,268500,20961900,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,۩۞۩۞Tri▲ngle۞Ѫ۞Ѫ,i very enjoy the game....gd job..
76561198010458453,Recommended,268500,20984683,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Personnel Kid,"If you didn't like EU this is not the game for you. However if you did this is essentially a ""strickly better"" version of that game.Pros:Random Maps Are BackMore Abilities Then Before And They Are Far More InterestingMore Customization OptionsThe Character PoolMission VarietyCons:Various Bugs And GlitchesAnimations Can Get Hung Up Or StuckOver all this is a fantastic game and a wonderfull sequal to EU. Fair bit of warning though as of the time of this review ""The Day After Launch"" This game runs horribly, however it should get better with patches and updated drivers.Good Luck Commander"
76561197980441793,Not Recommended,268500,21296777,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Snorfish,"You will have fun in XCOM 2. You will have fun seeing that 95% shot miss that alien that is about to tear apart that innocent civilian, coz hey, Murphy is a ♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes rite?You will have fun when that ambush you carefully laid down suddenly turns into a meat-grinder and you are down to one soldier that screams he wanna go home to mommy.You will, however, NOT have fun when you fought with tooth and nail through missions to suddenly face one of the game-breaking bugs present.Yes, XCOM sequel is here. And it delivers on several promises. But somehow they believe its fair game to release a product to loyal fans at full price and have them become something akin of BETA testers until a better patch is out?Personally it was last time i paid full price for game, and putting my faith that the announced delay would sort these things out. The bad rep the companies gets for doing this kind of thing, is in my opinion quite severe.To make the choice simple for you passionate about XCOM, wait until a major patch is released."
,Not Recommended,268500,23492833,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Wenlyu,"Unfortunately, XCOM 2 is a pretty bad experience right now. The graphical and gameplay bugs continue to persist. It's clear I'm not the only person experiencing these issues. After multiple patches, issues continue to persist as reported on the game's Steam discussion page."
,Not Recommended,268500,21541915,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,quit or pro,"freezes,bugs,glitches and a horrible ingame camera. if you like slot machines, you will like this game. its a freaking dice roll all the time. in every single round 3-4 misses - unbelivable! a disoriented enemy still able to get a critical hit? a firefight on a rooftop nearby another enemy group doesnt pull, but a step to a window ( in full cover ), is enuff to trigger them - whut? how can this game be called tactical? a sniper gets a much lower hit- chance then a guy to the left with a shotgun, same angle and long range? throwing a grenade is a torture - sometimes it shows the wrong floor it will hit! a advent-zombie right at a exploding car gets no damage? and theres allways that special enemy that survives everything with one point of health only to cause trouble ( stun,kill or crit ). the tutorial is complete trash - it doesnt show you importent things about the game mechanics.its a beautiful looking gamethe character- customization is awesomeand i will get the book ""the art of XCom2"" ( Insight Editions ) for sure"
,Recommended,268500,21508565,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tostad0ra,"The hype train ♥♥♥♥ing delivered. If you liked XCOM:EU/EW, just buy XCOM 2. It's a m a z i n g, and the mod scene is just starting out!Needs some bugfixes and performance patches, though. Once these issues get solved, though, this is _the_ game./_O_/ Jake Solomon \_O_\"
76561198026418028,Not Recommended,268500,34536065,Posted: 27 August,all,Salty Bread Fairy,"While the controls and core mechanics and levels of customization are pretty good and the steam workshop support is a plus the game falls flat in a critical area. Playability. You see XCOM 2 cheats the player, that's all it knows how to do. With missing 100% chance shots, enemies getting free moves upon being sighted meanwhile some will simply walk behind you after all of your overwatches shots are made without you getting the same free action they get. It's impossible to finish a scan, the only way aside from the black market to get supplies, without the game suddenly revealing a mission on the map and basically forcing you to drop everything you're doing to go there and lose all of your troops to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Also the stealh portion of the game is terrible with it only existing to give you a minor advantage over the enemy in one engagment and with enemy patrol paterns and group locations being impossible to predict thus turning a stealthy operation against a superior force into a game of wait to be spotted by someone you couldn't have known existed and murdered instantly without a single possible move against it possible. furthermore the time limits require you to fully sprint to the objective without giving time for fighting the aliens you encounter or taking an approach other than rushing in like an idiot. The squad size is stupid at a group of four being all you can send at first and only going up to six in a game where the enemy can easily stun or grab all of your units. Also the fact you can only do one thing at a time is next level stupid. Why can't I send someone to scan a completely safe resource cache while I fight the aliens in a forced mission? No reason. Why can't we get a second firebrand to engage in multiple missions? They have limited range before they have to return to the avenger. Fair enough but why not have multiple to engage in multiple operations in the same area. No reason. Why don't some of the ""other resistance members"" bring supplies to us instead of ditching them in god knows where? No reason. Why does the cache pick-up take multiple days? No reason. Why do advent facility locations appear across the planet from me making them unreachable? No reason. Why are you always starved of either engineers or scientists aquiring 0 of one before your rebellion falls apart. No reason. Why do scientists and engineers cost more than an advanced training and research center for new forms of combat. No Reason. Why can't I decide what class my troops become upon getting past the rookie rank, I already have too many of one class I don't like using, why did you give me two more? No reason other than ♥♥♥♥ YOU. That's all this game is a good game with decent mechanics with multiple middle fingers thrown in until it becomes a simply awful heap of♥♥♥♥♥♥and lost potential with the only positive being some fascinating war stories of your customized troops as you ignore the boring main story."
76561198092658270,Not Recommended,268500,30335597,Posted: 5 March,all,A_Spoopy_Ghostie,"As great as this game is and as fun as it can be I hate the fact it is almost completely luck based. You can play a level absolutely perfectly without any mistakes but still fail due to missing those 95% chance shots, constantly taking crits from the enemy team and getting hit three times in a row behind heavy cover. While I enjoyed some aspects of this game I can't say I'd completely enjoy it as winning a level is basically a roll of the dice and all you can do is make it more likely to suceed by playing well."
76561198037516530,Recommended,268500,21938725,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Barren,"I have over 700 hours played of EU/EW/Long WarPros:  Overall, they managed to make the game different, while keeping or expanding upon what makes Xcom one of my favorite games ever.-Base-building is less annoying-The new classes are interesting and cool-Weapon mods and PCS were a good, interesting addition-They removed the Scope which was too good and almost everyone used-They took a note from Long War and allowed more varied items to be used early in the game-The difficulties are imo done better-Scientists and Engineers are less numerous and more significant, and they have their own appearances-The modding scene has been great (turn off the timers instead of crying about it, but I think they're fine, and aren't as punishing as they were in timed EW/LW)-You can re-spec troops-More interesting options for grenades/armor-Hacking is an enjoyable addition-The Grappling hook is much cooler because it and many more things now DO NOT end your turn-Instead of Interceptors and original-Gameboy-quality space battes, you get to travel around Earth and gather the nodes you think are most important-This game is better than a 75% approval ratingCons:*The game runs far too poorly, so be aware (there are some fixes/recommendations available on the interwebz)-The music is probably a little bit worse than in the other one-The Mimic Beacon is overpowered-You run out of research by the end of the game, which seems poorly balanced-No MECS or gene mods yet (but they kinda still exist in other forms)-A lot of the changes they made to the UI were imo downgrades"
,Not Recommended,268500,23476073,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Justin_760,"I am a HUGE fan of XCOM and XCOM enemy within. So naturally I was completely stoked to play this. However I got 2 frames per second... AT THE MENU. Now my PC isnt a beast, but I have WELL over the minimum requirements, even above recommended. (3.6ghz CPU, 950M GTX 2gb, 8gb RAM.) After a bit of tweaking, driver updates, and google searches for FPS fixes I found an overwhelming amount of forum posts indicating that this was not just my own experience but there were many others who had above recommended stats and still got terrible FPS. Somehow the frame rate was lower in the main menu, and even with all graphics options set to minimum/low I still got below 5 FPS and when a grenade/explosion happened it would straight crash or dip to extreme sub 1 FPS. That is UNACCEPTABLE considering this is a AAA release by a big publisher. I dont know how the hell they released it with such pathetic optimising."
76561198043752932,Not Recommended,268500,32819905,Posted: 26 June,all,Medic,"Nearly unplayably broken. Saves will delete themselves, Soldiers will get stuck on random objects and force you to leave them behind to die. Ironman is not playable due to constant game breaking bugs.Save yourself some sanity, do not buy."
,Not Recommended,268500,21525401,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Jaeger,"XCOM 2 is a good game but I cant recommend it in it's current state. Currently its unstable as ♥♥♥♥, I cant even load in to the main menu without crashing..So,Firaxis,fix it."
76561197981029056,Not Recommended,268500,31471530,Posted: 30 April,all,Heißen Neuen Schwanz,"I've never been able to stop playing a game I've hated more; and not in a good way. I'm a Purist when it comes to gaming and I despise reloading my last save to get my own way, yet this game has me doing just that. I enjoyed the first game so much yet this has me rage quiting twice, 3 times a night. 23% chance of hitting?!! You're standing next to him! Oh, you need some supplies? Here are some but you have to wait 6 days, but in the mean time you're going to be attacked 5 times, in attacks that wipe out all you're soldiers or wounds them for a fortnight, rendering them useless, which wouldn't be a problem but everything is on an arsing count down!!The only satifaction I've gotten from this game is deleting it from my hard drive; I bought this game in the sale and still feel cheated by the developersand I'm one of those mugs that pre ordered No Man's Sky."
76561197983933201,Not Recommended,268500,23915420,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DirtMerchant,"To be fair here I loved the very first X-com, the one that wouldn't let you have more than 99 items in your squads because computers still had issues with massive amounts of stuff like a whopping 1 mb of information. Maybe I am suffering from nostalgia and I just remember the game as being harder than it was. I was really sad when I bought this game and installed it to find out that they had basically implements ""The Long War"" a mod made for X-com Enemy unknown. Being the arrogant prick that I am I turned the difficulty up all the way for my very first run, thinking to myself ""this will be great my poor little soldiers are oh so very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and lost a whopping 1 man the entire run. Now DLC has begun to emerge and oh joy it's a bunch of useless skin♥♥♥♥♥♥ that no one needs a dev team for, and haphazard content which appears to have had minimal effort put into it. If you want an X-Com game and you are looking at this title, go install the Long War mod on Enemy Unknown, or better yet check out UFO Extraterrestrial, you will get way more game play bang for your $. Shame on you Firaxis for this and BE. What ever happened to the good games yall used to make like Alpha Centauri and Gettysburg?"
76561197970339840,Recommended,268500,21005026,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,illequine,"If you liked XCOM:EU/EW you'll love this.Some long loadtimes, and graphic glitches, but otherwise top notch.I fully expect to have hundreds of hours playing this myself."
76561198161678885,Recommended,268500,33962861,Posted: 1 August,all,Jimi Hendrix,BRILLIANTUNDERRATED
,Not Recommended,268500,21085791,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Securing Charlie <- ESSR,Avoid! Another game not gone through testing properly!Before we get startedMy Computer Specs★Microsoft Windows 8.1 64★ Intel Core i7 5930K @ 3.8GHz★Crucial 32GB (4x8GB) DDR4 PC★Asus GeForce GTX 980Ti★Samsung 500GB 850 EVO SSD★Seagate 2TB 7200RPM SATA 6Gb/sOnly getting 35-42 FPS in gameGame FrozeGame CrashedGame in turn Froze multiple timesWaste Of Money ......
76561198035087556,Not Recommended,268500,21442630,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,kustovvictor,"Absolutely agreed with all previously mentioned issues. The game is too easy, performance is poor. The gameplay is linear.. And, even after the last patch, the game doesn't save screen resolution and graphics settings for my R5850. I still have to do it manually before loading my saved game. It looks like It performs autodetection procedure every time the game starts. Still have no idea how to solve it."
,Not Recommended,268500,30732404,Posted: 25 March,all,Johny,"Getting kicked in the balls at every opportunity: the game.I'll be blunt here: Firaxis cannot into game design. They can't make interesting mechanics to fiddle with. They can't make challenging and difficult but **honest** gameplay. They can't let you have fun the way you want.Instead, they just hammer you on your head with a hammer with ""NO FUN ALLOWED"" written along its handle.1) They couldn't come up with anything to make player avoid turtling, so they've put a timer almost in every mission. And to make things even worse, they've added a global timer, because ♥♥♥♥ you thats why.2) I don't know how they came to this decision, but almost every alien out there has a nice ""♥♥♥♥ You"" ability. Some of them are decent, like sectoid's psionics, but many can't be countered - like the fabled viper's tongue pull, which has 99.5 chance to hit in full cover, can be spammed every turn and covers ridiculous distances.3) Oh, and if you actually happen to do a mission without losing all of your squad, here's another wonderful mechanic: every soldier who has suffered grave wounds and lived to tell must make a roll to not become ""shaken"", having his will lowered to 0 until participating in a successful operation. Why? Because, as you should've get it already, ♥♥♥♥ YOU THATS WHY!Tldr: ffffffrustration galore, get it on sale if you must or play some proper tactics instead.EDIT: since I'm the kind of person whojust can't drop the game that's been paid for, I've continued playing this wondrous tactical masterpiece well into the endgame.After 3 or 4 hours in, full of save-loads and stuff, the game just suddenly got a whole lotta easier. I don't know to what attribute this drop in difficulty - either my balls got titanium-hard from all that kicking, or unlocked abilities are that good, or flashbangs (followed by mimic grenades) are really that OP. Either way, the difficulty dropped down all the way from teeth-grinding to ""normal"", then ""easy"" and when I've got decent psi-ops and plasma to &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥easy"". Alien rulers? Bah, killed on 1st turn. Gatekeepers? Minor nuisance, no more. Avatars? More like AVATUURDS lol.Oh, and timers. The've benn put into the game with what purpose in mind, to make it more intense? Guess what, during the whole game I've got exactly ONE mission where this stupid time limit has produced an interesting situations: I needed to hack a pc in 8 turns, and had 2 andromedons, 4 muton and some advent soldiers between me and the target. So I had to improvise and send two rangers equipped  to quickly do the job on 1 turn and pull out on another, using mimics. It would be fun, if only the game had any semblance of working FOV - most of the time the rangers would have been busted before getting anywhere due to FOV being bigger than 'visible"" red squares. Saeloads saved the day, as usual.So, here I am, 2 or 3 missions before finale, bored to death. I can't be bothered to continue playing, and I still can't recommend this game. It's meh, horribly optimised and just unfun. Go play battle brothers, or openxcom, or nuxcom 1, or whatever."
,Not Recommended,268500,21395000,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SciLog1c,"U cant compele a game w\o meeting some weird bugs, fix ur fkn game, Firaxis."
76561198113941933,Not Recommended,268500,21079540,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,paulmorris911,"Long,long xcom user. Love all xcom games, but this is a pile of dog turd. The game I think will be great in a few patches time, but as is,dont bother. Its not fit for purpose and I have asked for a refund and will buy whens its cheaper and less buggy."
,Not Recommended,268500,21417760,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,frank.j.cerione,"DO NOT DOWNLOAD YET!Maybe down the road when they fix the glaring issues with this game it will be good. I was never able to play out of the first mission and headquarters.I have a custom built gaming rig with an i5 3400 a GTX970 and 16 GB of DDR4 ram. With steam and the game both installed on an M2 solid state drive. This game needs a lot of work. If you are a fan of the series or value your sanity just wait, im still hoping they fix it."
,Recommended,268500,21015366,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MightyHonk,"UPD: Almost all enemies suck compared to ones in EW, i'd like a mod that brings old enemies backAlright, the whine is real, time to fix it. Looking at all negative reviews where people are whining that their pentium 2 with voodoo GPU can't run this game is unreal, makes me want to shot myself in the balls.First of all, it's 2k Gabes, you had to expect ridiculously unoptimised game before preordering or buying short after release. It was OBVIOUS the game on the launch will work like 60 years old soviet tractor. I still bought it and playing to my heart's content, and i certanly don't care if my fps can suddenly drop in bloody turn-based game. I spent some time looking for a fix that makes fps drop to the bottom because of bloody USB MODEM connected. And this bug is present since BORDERLANDS 2 and was never fixed (something about 2K online integration and stuff). Majority of Enemy Within performance issues were never fixed and  you expected a clean lubed start with this one? This is like buying Total War or Paradox games and expect them to work.Yes, PC games' quality control is dire nowadays, there's no actual testing, wide variety of PC configurations can not work with the game for mystical reasons, publishers always push devs to release SOONER AND SOONER, it's not a reason to discard the game if the game is good. You should have a vague idea that making games is pretty hard, right? Or do you think throwing a tantrum about having 59 fps isntead of 60 will somehow change the world?Second of all, people complaining about game being TOO HARD, TIMED MISSIONS ARE TOO FAST, INTEL INCOME TOO LOW... Is it official IGN embassy or what? It's XCOM, bro, make up your mind. You are supposed to care about every single rookie in your barraks and to know how to damage control your every failure. You are supposed to have squad wipes because of bad luck, massive panic from unlucky crit, scarce resources and you have to know how to work with what you got, unless you like to be a whimp and save scum your every failed shot. It's in this games' blood, that's the point. ""OMG i can't finish mission in 8 turns :^((("" - WTF?Game is fairly balanced on Classic so far, except for annual major diff spikes here and there, there's nothing that human being with three digit iq couldn't handle. Certain class abilities can even be called absolutely OP and can pull your whole squad through completely doomed operation.If anything, everything is much easier than originals, where you can't scratch your bum without throwing smoke grenade first.There are also people who are STILL complaining that it's nothing like original UFO defense, but they are old farts by now, they can complain all they want.As for the changes from previous games since reboot - i like almost every change in mechanics. EVERYTHING is handled better. Tactical combat is much more compelling, geoscape gameplay makes much more sense, base management is somewhat nonexistent, but i don't really care that much. To be fair, this thing about single base was stupid in the first place, so making mobile base is pretty much right decision, considering that introducing multiple bases would only spawn more ""too difficult >:("" whine at this point. I wish there was more variety in weapons between tiers, but that's what mods are for. Full mod support, baby!Majorly improved story, A E S T H E T I C S, sound, graphics, gameplay, a lot of cool science-fiction stuff here and there, snakes with boobs, CODEX'S BOOTY, ability to create a squad with Hatsune Miku and Samuel L. Jackson because of pretty rad customization options, what the hell more do you want? Core mechanics of previous game aren't really changed, so if you didn't like them back then - you won't like this one. But with whole gorilla warfare theme everything sort of makes much more sense, so you still can try it even if you didn't like Enemy Unknown/WithinAs someone who's following franchise since the original games, i can say that this game is best effort to bring XCOM into modern pc game reality without just copypasting outdated mechanics to pander to hardcore oldfarts who can just go and play the originals for 100th time.  It's basically like Heroes 5 compared to Heroes 3, both are excellent games with the same spirit, one is just much more modern, so it will lose a lot of charm for MLG-LAN-PARTY-RANDOM-MAP-PROS.I give this game 100 hidden movements out of 100 and encourage you to buy and play it as soon as possible. But if you are man of faint heart and crаppy rig - wait for more performance patches and gameplay mods."
76561198013914593,Not Recommended,268500,22327981,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Darknoble,"Developers missed the balance between fun and frustrating by adding timers to missions. That one simple decision is what turned this game from fun to frustratingly unfun. Outside of the missions with timers, the difficulty is ramped up to a very fun pace due to mind control, swords, and unkown enemies  Quote from top negative review... Which I couldnt have said better. My review for Xcom Within & Uknown was an ""A+"" But this one is tuff for me to love...1.Commander level is like impossible2.Lengendary is like Impossible for sure...I have started over and over again trying to get pass the stage where my troops have some decent gear to surive the onslaught of opponents the ai throws at you and that damn timer clock...(yeah that F-timer clock lol). I even went to normal level vet. and ok I hit more often but cant seem to get over that steep unbalance the game throws at your ill-equpied troops. Yes I understand the human race has lost to the aliens but its still a game that needs some balance for fun. Most youtube vids Ive watched leading up to launch show game crits with ramped up gear and skills...which say once you obtain the game's AI gets kinda steamed rolled but thats not fun either. ;/Hell I even tried the strategy guides to how to... and ive succeeded to the point I got some decent gear but my troops seem to run into those damn time clock missions and the death con to avatar goes higher do to failure to complete them because most of my squad are wounded from other missions...To sum up I do like the game but I wonder if the developers played this themselves for balance rather than handing out game crtitics skilled and geared up squads to test there game...I find Xcom2 unbalanced in its present state...I shouldnt have to keep fluxing game difficulty level to get passed certain missions...Would love constructive feed back on my review because despite my negative review I keep at it like an Abused Lover trying to make it work....lolEDIT: I have recently aquired some player mods. bellow thanks to ""Commander Cool"" in the comments section of my review and I believe this will turn my frown upside down on the game...I encourage the reader to check out these links...(hell if this works I might even change my negative review! ;)"
76561198064414264,Recommended,268500,20958656,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Hopeless Situation Warrior,"10/10 Too busy playing to write a proper review.That's XCOM 2, baby!"
,Not Recommended,268500,30586005,Posted: 18 March,all,SNUGGLES,this game has to many bugs for my liking.  I will continue to play xcom:unknown.  much better with better gameplay and basic graphics
,Recommended,268500,30629576,Posted: 19 March,all,nobodyknows,"For all the people saying its buggy and crashes, I have been playing the whole day and have had 0 crashes or bugs. Don't know whats up with those guys. Second the difficulty is not overly challenging at all even though I put it on veteran mode. I have done 10 missions now without losing a single squad member. So if you can't do it, then maybe you need to get better. :^)"
,Recommended,268500,29949131,Posted: 15 February,all,Sir Lord Chaddingtons IV,">Play first playthrough of this game after high expectations from EU>itsokiguess.png>Decide to mod the ♥♥♥♥ out of it and throw some RL friends in there>Decides I like RL friends, so I need a meatshield>Puts ex gf in game as ranger, expecting her to be the first to die>couldntcarelesscheating♥♥♥♥♥.png>♥♥♥♥♥ doesn't die the whole playthrough>even run her in front of a beserker>free swing goes off and actually kills the ♥♥♥♥er>unlocks achievement (David & Goliath) no longer mad>Cheating ♥♥♥♥♥ (JJ) is captured by advent>feelsbadman.jpg>3 months later gets mission to liberate troop>They didn't kill the ♥♥♥♥♥>rescue her>very next mission she gets love tapped by a serpent>cheatsonmeagain>send my best man to gas both of them>noregrets.jpg>♥♥♥♥♥ actually doesn't die>becomes my best soldier>dies on last mission, protecting me, the guy she cheated on twice>filled with feels>21 gun salute>starts legendary playthrough>stunlancer drop squad on FIRST mission>gets butt♥♥♥♥ed>quits99/5 would question hatred for ex again"
,Recommended,268500,30137315,Posted: 24 February,all,Dead_Space_Rat™,"Great game. though i have not finished it, once i got it working and lost a few times, i knew what i was doing and now i am building up towards the final missions"
,Not Recommended,268500,29142208,Posted: 9 January,all,addchild314,"Stupid game, relies too heavily on RNG. Had more fun just rolling dice on my floor."
76561198012621627,Not Recommended,268500,28231437,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,nightshade_tn,"Whatever you do....DOINT GET THIS GAME. Its the perfect example of a game released WAY before it was ready, and FIRAXIS doesnt seem to care about it. Ever since the LAST patch in March 2016...this game CRASHES every 15 mins of playing...REGARDLESS of what system you have."
76561198027230653,Recommended,268500,21052629,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Star Platinum,Best Terrorist simulator I ever played.
76561198024963796,Not Recommended,268500,28315987,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,(oWo) Samael11,"So I just beat XCOM 2 recently.Second serious attempt.Ironman Commander.And the more I think about it, the less I can recommend this game to everyone in general, especially at 50-60$.I don't recall if I played the Enemy Within/Unknown on Impossible, but I know I didn't Ironman it, so this one seems easier from the start, at least when it doesn't outright cheat.Unless you go Legend difficulty, then the game gets real hard real quick (Like, the very first mission has twice as many enemies and you are running in to sectoids like 5 missions earlier than you should).Overall it's solid and remains one of the best turn-based tactical games on the market, but it has its fair share of flaws, annoyances and bugs.But before reading further, know that it is overall an enjoyable game if you like the genre, and I recommend checking it out if you liked Enemy Within / Unknown, especially if it's on sale for 20 or 30$.Just be prepared for some bullpoop.If you didn't play the previous game, I'd suggest checking that one out first, since it's less expensive and probably more enjoyable and stable.Getting into why I can't recommend this game to people not already interested / invested in the recent XCOM franchise...The last 2 or 3 cinematics would freeze the video (though audio was fine, and the game would advance) and the last mission crashed on me once.  Nothing major, a minor annoyance, but the cinematic is youtube-able, and the crash didn't wipe my data, so I'm not upset about that.The DLC is fun but lacks clarity.The content is great, but if you don't know what the DLC missions are, and that they are the only missions that are not time-sensitive, they can end your ironman run when they pop up, especially if it's your first game of XCOM 2 - which happened to me.They are balanced well enough for an early game party, until you get to the last fight, when it's nothing but unbalanced bullpoo.  Having a squad of 3 +2 special NPCs, all with lowest-tier gear go up against a sectopod is what ended my first ironman run, and I had an even better start then the one I completed the game with (there was some cheating targeting bull that didn't help too, see the next 2 issues).One of the more uncommon bugs I ran into that is potentially game-breaking in an ironman run is enemies having vision and LoS through walls.Yes windows and doors exist and most walls can be shot through and destroyed, but some structures are invulnerable and windowless, and when the enemy can see and shoot you through those walls and you are unable plan for that or even return fire, that is plain cheating and can cause you to lose squad members.  I had one Viper shoot a poison cloud through an indestructable wall that poisoned 4 of my squaddies and a VIP pretty early in the game.On a related note, on missions where additional enemies are added to a fight (which is many of them), they are allowed an immediate move, but not an action.Which is fine.  But they are added to a fight, and move, as the first part of the enemy turn, before the existing enemies you made your tactical decisions for, have their action.  So all those guys you have on overwatch covering themselves, or an overextended squadmate, against the low health hostile aiming his shot, will be wasted on enemies that are not an immediate threat to your squad, and you will lose squadmates to that issue.Certain ability usage uses a completely different input scheme than the most common inputs, so it is very likely when you are looking to pick a different target, or change targeting, you will give a command for a character to run in and take a melee swing, or other action, you did not intend to take.  VERY dangerous on ironman runs.Wounds seem arbitrary.I've had squaddies with 15+ health finish a mission having taken only 2 points of damage and needing to sit out 15 days to heal, while squadmates on the same missions with 13 health finish 2 pips left and are ready to go again in 3-5 days.Pacing is weird (I didn't like it)Almost every mission is time-limited (to one or two days) and super-mandatory to attempt (and succeed at).There's no balance of ""Is this mission worth it?  Do I really need the reward it gives?"" and letting the player take a moment to not have to do a mission immediately and finish his upgrade that needs half a day to complete.And the time spent in the overworld researching and contacting countries and building is shorter than it should be in between those missions.Early game shortly after you start scanning something, you will have to take care of a mission.  And it only gets worse in the mid-game.You can't enjoy the fruits of your labor as much, since you have to sit there putting out 5 missions worth of fires before you can finally finish anything and start new research (which you have to do to advance the story).What's more, if you have a good start, you can research end-game weapons before you're even in the mid-game.  But if you have a bad start, you are missing so much that you can never catch up as the mission failures start cascading hard.The end game conversely has almost no missions pop up, so if you need something you are sitting at HQ scanning for it.  And considering how rare Elerium cores can be, if you need to farm a few, you're going to be waiting a long time.  (Though you should probably have just enough to cover needs by end game, thankfully).The pricing of Crew members via HQ is prohibitive until mid game and impractical until end game.Supplies are immensely valuable, and needing to drop 100+ on a scientist, engineer or squad member is a waste early game when you actually need them, but can't afford them and need to upgrade your gear.  Especially when, for 80 intel you can get them from the black market (though that is somewhat of a waste too, but less of one).The variety of mission styles is woefully small.  It's adequate enough, but misses out on some good opportunities.Basically the missions you will run into are:-Protect something-Extract the VIP-Blow something up-Hack Something-Protect the resistance base personnelThat's it.  And most of those missions have the secondary objective of ""Kill all hostiles"" for a proper reward.On top of that, due to the way concealment and vision works in the game along with the prcedural generation of maps (which is alright but not that special), the few missions where you don't have to kill everything, don't encourage smaller squads or allow for stealth missions or assassination missions or a multitude of better designed missions, so you end up killing everything anyway."
76561197978142103,Not Recommended,268500,28314473,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dogmatius,"Alright.. So a while back I wrote a drunken angry review that wasn't really helpful at all and I figured it was about time to write a new one. It will still be negative, but this time I'll do my best to explain why.It's a strange love & hate relationship with XCOM2. While I do enjoy it and find it to be one of my favorite isometric tactical shooters out there, I still despise it. To a degree that turns my gut inside out. Confused..? Well maybe a metaphor will help describe it better.. XCOM2 is like perfect aged single malt whisky. It's an acquired taste not for everyone. Best enjoyed by pouring a single glass, roll it around in your hand, let the aroma fill your nostrils and then slowly enjoy it a sip at the time. But drink the whole bottle at once and you'll end up annoyed, confused and ready to puke your guts out.Guess what I'm trying to say is that XCOM2 is great if you take the time to enjoy the small ""sips"" like extensive soldier customization, resource management, base building, huge destructible maps and a amazing level of detail. If you're not and just looking for quick ""buzz"" of tactical turn based combat, then you'll get choked up before you're halfway through. Mostly by bugs, glitches, poor difficulty scaling and a bs RNG system that leaves most people save-scumming their way through the campaign. Bottom line, if you don't enjoy all the small things then this game will be nothing but a headache.If that weren't enough, there's still bugs in the game that has been there since its initial release. The community have long ago identified and found solutions to most of these problems and yet Firaxis Games has done nothing to fix it. In a recent post a developer even claimed they're still watching the forums for feedback, but what good is that if they just ignore the problems at hand. I simply can't recommend a game where the developers leave it to the modders to fix their problems.So is this the only reason I'll give it a negative review..? No. I'll give it a negative review because it's a game for hardcore fans of tactical turnbased games, but the difficulty and gamemode meant for them (legend ironman) is the buggiest of all. And everything below Legend difficulty is way to easy for experienced players in this genre. Avarage Joe might get some fun out of it if he's prepared to do a little research and load a few mods to adjust and fix his game. So unless you're really into this genre it ain't worth the price. 20€ at most in my opinion, since it's something most people would proberly play and forget.For my opinion on the individual DLC packs available, read my review for each one of them."
,Recommended,268500,21192788,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,KGVale1812,GOOD GAMECONS:- SOME PERFORMANCE ISSUES THAT CAN EASILLY BE MOSTLY FIXEDPROS:- EVERYTHING ELSE
76561198046163540,Recommended,268500,21077331,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,monk1971,"I spent some  time playing XCOM 2.  This is my first XCOM game, and I must say that I really do like the game.  It seems to be quite complex.  I just spent two hours getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked.  Over the course of three missions, I have managed to get four soldiers killed, including my favorite grenadier Cpl Deez Nuts.  I have two gravely wounded soldiers, including one guy who may now have PTSD.  Topping it all off, I’m low on supplies and I need engineers.   I love it!"
,Recommended,268500,21119448,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,idk,"I learned that ""100% chance"" to hit something at point blank range still means I might miss.Would miss at point blank range again 10/10"
76561198058951899,Recommended,268500,21232712,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,asianinvasion31,"It's been years since I have played XCOM 1. I was really excited to hear about XCOM 2. I am happy to say it didn't disappoint. I found what I enjoyed from the 1st game and more. The gameplay is still very similar to the 1st game, which is a good thing. I didn't want to have to learn new controls. It is still as hard as the 1st game as well, which is a good thing as well. It adds a lot of replayability. The only things that I have to complain about is the % chance on making your shots and the occasion bugs. The bugs are negligible since they don't break the game, but would be nice if fixed. The % chance has always been an issue in my opinion. I feel like it is highly unlikely that I miss a 70-85% chance shot with an enemy standing out in the middle of the field while enemies land most of their shots and kill most of my soldiers. Other than that, I LOVE this game."
76561198032515759,Recommended,268500,21074398,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,bzavitsky,"Xcom is NOT a game for everyone. Xcom is designed in such a way as to test your ability to stay calm and collected in the face of adversity, and sometimes, extreme loses. Unless playing on ""easy"" or ""normal"", losing squad members and even missions IS THE WAY XCOM PLAYS.I've played Xcom Enemy Unknown (and LongWar) for over 280hrs. What draws me to this turned based tactical shooter is the challenge, the frustration, followed by the (eventual) exhilaration of succeeding. Personally, I'm not impressed by games that are 95% eye candy with only 5% challenge... Games that the path to victory is all but guaranteed. I want a game that pushes me to my limits and, right when I think I cannot take it anymore, draws me back in due to interesting and dynamic game mechanics that makes me think ""just one more mission"" or, after failing the campaign and restarting for the 4th time, ""just one more try, let me try some other tactics"".Xcom 2 is in my mind the ultimate turned based strategy with NO equal, either in the past or contemporary. You have procedurally generated maps, randomized missions, a refreshing variety of mission types, greatly improved AI, significantly improved story, large tech tree to explore, more balanced classes with interesting skills to choose from, and lots of tactical possibilities to name but a few. The cherry on top of the cake: The game itself (unlike Xcom EW/EU) is very mod friendly = unlimited future possibilities, playability, and customization.To be fair, there are some cons. First, performance in Xcom 2 is not super responsive. There seems to be input delays, pauses and freezes when blowing things up as well as when the enemy AI is plotting their move. Nothing that is game breaking, but it does need to be addressed and fixed. Second, the timers on both certain missions as well as the Avatar Project should be tweaked. While I like the sense of urgency, at times I also feel too rushed… Some missions are even timed so short that the only path to success is to rush it in concealment and hope you don’t run into the enemy and get surrounded and swarmed by every bad guy on the entire map! And when that happens the mission is a 99% failure with moderate to heavy casualties guaranteed. In fact, the timer mechanic has been, overall, responsible for every one of my campaign fails.In a nutshell, Xcom 2 is not for everyone… It’s certainly not for anyone who expect glass-like FPS performance with straight forward tactics and paths to victory. Xcom 2 is ultimately an extreme thinking game that FORCES you accept and manage failure and crises, while keeping the big picture in mind. While there are some issues that need to be addressed and balanced, Xcom 2 is a master piece and I suspect will go down as the ultimate turned-based cult classic."
,Recommended,268500,21058648,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ProgamerSP,"XCOM 2 is a great game with many new interesting feateres, I would not recommend buying this product until 2 weeks after release (or any game from the publisher for that matter) because the game is unplayable for many players without urgent bugfixes.For the Game itself:Good: Interessting story, very nice soldier customisation, very emersive new gameplay features (stealth mechanic), Mod Support, massive graphic update from the previos game XCOM: Enemy Unknown, great multiplayer, nice communityBad: Very hard for beginners, can progress a little too fast from time too time, sometimes aliens feel like they have an ""aimbot"" shooting you from half the map through full cover while your own guys don't hit the when they are right in front of themOverall i would give this game a 92/100"
76561198014903719,Recommended,268500,21288162,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BobSov,"For all of its flaws, I am recommending this game.  Note that the people complaining about the frame rate dips, graphical glitches, turn timers and mission breaking bugs are STILL PLAYING!  I just finished my first playthrough on veteran (not ironman) and I think the turn timers, which are hopefully the one thing that won't be patched in the coming months (mods already exist to help with some of the glitches and bugs).  The early curve on this game is no joke, and regardless of your successes or failures, the AI continues to throw more and worse at you.  If you can embrace the chaos and not spam overwatch, you will truly enjoy this game.  If you want to be Godmode [ON], this game isn't for you."
76561197992241398,Recommended,268500,21257165,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Blue[Ranger],"Incoming Transmission...Greetings potential commanders. This connection is not secure, and I will to try to be as... Direct... as possible.I have seen the general propaganda stating that the new X-COM project has not received the... Full Support... of the community.Rest assured that these speculations are merely testements of the failure of many of those before you, the X-COM project always was, and always will be for those who can live up to their tactical potential.The war against the Alien occupiers is not to succeed every fight, but to make the most of everything you have, and make the right move when it counts. Those of you who have participated during the invasions, are more than welcome to join the fight once more, we need our veterans now more than ever.If you are amongst those whom find that the... Unfortunate... unpredictable possibilities that this war brings forth are too much to bear, feel no shame. The war against the oppressors is not meant for the... Casual Soldier... who cannot hold their grounds against the alien forces.If you seek to fight for what's right, and believe yourself able to rise to the challenge of the unpredictability of war, that even when a well planned out strategy goes haywire because the enemies did not move as expected, or when your very own soldiers fail, or worst, turn against you... Then the X-COM project needs you...This is the council... Signing off... Good luck... Commander..."
,Recommended,268500,20972143,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,"Welp, when life gives you lemons","This game is very intruiging. It does suffer from some graphical bugs, but is otherwise what a sequal should be.It's XCOM, but better."
76561198062433534,Recommended,268500,21257974,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,TheAAA10000,Its good but has a few glitches like the old one. Also has some big performance problems in terms of FPS loss.
76561198123378292,Recommended,268500,29169646,Posted: 10 January,all,yotamolenik,just amazing game
,Recommended,268500,21119777,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,altrstar,Holy cow ... this is such a great gameUpdate: I have played a bit more and this game has literally taken over my life. It's a bit quirky with the shoot through walls and sometimes stupid animations that just does not make sense but thank goodness it's few and far between!I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,268500,21120568,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Old Scratch,"I liked Ayy Lmao: Ememy Unmemed, and I like Ayy Lmao 2. Its got snake♥♥♥♥♥♥and slam jams with the sword, which is dank out of 10.Only complaint is the endgame armor/weapons being to stock standard scifi stuff, waiting for mods.6/10 tec 9s"
,Recommended,268500,21119711,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,UltraDonkeyPunch,"A sectoid mind controlled one of my soldiers, had him shoot another one of my soldiers killing him, causing another one to panic and throw a grenade, killing another solider.10/10"
,Recommended,268500,21119863,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,🅱atmeme 🅱ank 🅱night,"Just waiting for a mod where Preston Garvey tells me, ""Commander, another settlement needs our help."""
76561198056617380,Recommended,268500,21119689,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,steveab87,"I'm really loving the story to this. It pulls you in right away. When I played the previous games I never really cared about what was happening. I just loved the strategy aspect of them. Reminds me of final fantasy tactics. I'm not that good at them but it never stopped me from having a blast and trying again and again. This game is just like the previous one but with a lot more stuff added to it. A whole lot more customization options and I'm sure from reading all the other reviews you can see what's new and added. The only reason I'm really writing this review is from reading other peoples reviews regarding things they don't like and it is really annoying. The developers made this game to where you can change it however you want. I can't STAND being timed on games. I hate feeling rushed. Most of the missions are timed. But guess what? There's a simple trick you can can do to fix it. Disable them. DERP! Problem solved. I disabled them with the click of a button and subscribed to a mod. Another thing I keep seeing. People say they miss with the sword. That it's unrealistic to miss. And go on a huge rant about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is. Well guess what? I do too. And instead of crying and going outside and strangling a hamster in a furious rage, I simply solved the problem by subscribing to yet another mod to make attacks with swords always hit. And the list goes on forever. You don't like something about the game? Well then fix it with the power of your pointer finger and click subscribe. Mods have been coming out everyday. And there only going to be getting better and better. There's a fix for everything. I highly reccomend this game. And I suck at it. Amen"
,Recommended,268500,21119803,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Vid-szhite,"This game is incredible. A masterpiece of turn-based strategy that makes this a worthy successor even to the phenomenal XCOM: Enemy Within. Best of all, it does so without invalidating a lot of what the original XCOM does, it has its own flavor and style that lets both games coexist happily. Truly Game of the Year material....when it works.Unfortunately, even though I've got pretty great hardware, such that the game automatically pegs my hardware as being good enough for max settings, I get massive framerate drops. I'll be flying along at 60 FPS, and then the camera moves two inches and I'm chugging along at 5 FPS for several seconds. Worse yet, the in-engine cutscenes all drop to 20 FPS even with settings at minimum. Worst of all, sometimes the game locks my whole computer so bad that CTRL-ALT-DEL doesn't even work. The weird thing is, it's not consistent. Sometimes, the soldier select screen will drop to 30 FPS as soon as the soldiers are loaded, but if you turn away from it to add a mod to one of their weapons and come back, the same exact scene is now 75 FPS, even though there's MORE on the screen than before.I still recommend it because a patch to fix performance is in the works, and since it's turn-based, it's merely annoying rather than game-breaking. If you're willing to put up with the performance issues, by all means, it's worth it."
,Recommended,268500,21120221,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,MetalGear007,"Review with 2nd Impression:1st Impression: First review I've ever written - fitting that it should be for XCOM 2. I rarely buy games on release, I usually wait until a sale to buy games, but I shelled out $75 for the game and DLC. So far it has been worth it.As someone who has played nearly 300+ hours of XCOM: Enemy Within/Enemy Unknown, I have to recommend this game. (-Yes, the RNG will drive you crazy and if you don't like it, you won't like it now. I feel that it's always been part of XCOM and while a missed shot will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, it shouldn't make or break the battle. Mind that I still feel like breaking my mouse when I miss a 90%...)Positives:-Customization (Plenty of more options, making your guys more unique and way cooler than the last XCOM. It's also worse when you lose someone. It still irks me when I take the time to make a soldier, only to have them get killed instantly)-Missions (The variety, the randomly generated maps, the objectives: I love all of it. Refreshing change from XCOM: EW. Some people may be annoyed with the timed missions, but I personally feel that they force action and decisiveness as a whole)-Story (Been great so far - just finished the Blacksite Mission and am really into the game. Yes, I've played 22.3 hours over the past week when I have lots of school >_>)-Modding (Long War - enough said)-Class variety (They all feel unique and have a part to play in a battle)-Time Limit (I like the real aspect of the game - ex: trying to evacuate a VIP should have a time limit as the enemy is undoubtedly hunting you. It forces less conservative play, and harder missions. However, it's not to the point where it is unbeatable.Negatives:-Yes, there are optimization problems. My computer actually runs about 10-15 FPS. Yet the game is so good in itself that I'm willing to play through it. Once an optimization patch comes out, this shouldn't be a problem.-Glitchy (Phasing through walls, melee through walls, shooting in the opposite direction and hitting the target)-Camera Angles (Will sometimes show you a view that's blocked immediately off by a wall/ceiling)Some really quick impression of the game after about 22.3 hours. Excellent game so far, and will be even better with the optimization. Improvements all around - if you liked EU or EW, buy it! 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,268500,21054353,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MY,Рекомендую
76561198008130016,Recommended,268500,21183025,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,logovaz,"Awesomw game, really fine sequel of X-COM.But, game still has some bugs regarding buildings - enemy ignoring walls and ceilings."
,Recommended,268500,21059307,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Evenes,"I've been on the hype train for this game ever since it was announced, and it lived up to the hype at least for me.If that doesn't say something I don't know what does.There's a lot of odd bugs like shooting through walls and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I view that like a bethesda game, it's part of the charm for me.Oh yeah, and if you don't like something (like the timers) you can just mod it out.Absolutely reccomended."
76561198030892980,Recommended,268500,21110611,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Montana Mike,"Don't let the pansies and negative Nancy's fool you.  This is a solid game with hours of entertainment value.First, what's different from Xcom Enemy Unknown and Within:1)  It's harder.  Alot.  The aliens AI moved up a grade level or two.  Bunch up your troops and watch gernades fly your way.  Badguys now come in two main flavors:  human hybrids and true blue Aliens.  The variety of aliens is larger, as are their abilities.  Most missions have timers that keep you on your toes and give poor tactioners an excuse to hate.  Personally, I have never lost a mission due to a timer yet, so for me they aren't a big deal.  But, you wont be taking sight seeing trips either.2)  It's cooler.  Graphics, sounds, story, and fun are all greater than previous versions.  Gone are the days of worrying about keeping the whole world happy.  Now, it's more survival and lashing out at the Alien occupyers in very believable insurgency missions.  Again, the naysayers have cried about this part being too hard.  It's chanlenging and unforgiving, but beatable with well thought out planning.  It also has a level of newness that draws you more into the story than past Xcoms.3)  Repayability is greater.  Trying to get your big♥♥♥♥♥♥ship to survive is a hoot and prevides a new game everytime.Excellent game."
76561198081144492,Recommended,268500,21088968,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Exarch,As epic as the previous ones. :D
,Recommended,268500,21202568,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Meomancer,"great improvement from xcom enemy within. great animation, great gameplay and dynamic overwatch.despite of the peformance issue, it is still great tobe played. you could decrease graphic. Everybody said that ""gameplay is everything, not grahic, right?""**note**if you haven't found the good bug, i found one.You could skip alien activity although you are in legend difficulties.1. Make new game with ironman mode2. When you finish your turn, just load, before ""alien activity"" letters show.And ou will get now is your turn and your soldier♥♥♥♥♥wasn't kicked.Hope they will fix it.#xcom2bug"
76561198237565758,Recommended,268500,21192663,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Space Kitty,i ate a alien
76561198050036337,Recommended,268500,21193103,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Vladimir Lenin,"Not a true Xcom game, beat it with only two people dying.0/10, worst game."
,Recommended,268500,21166674,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Shraden,"Being new to the XCOM series and never playing the first I have to admit this game welcomes you well, even if you are new.  The story is amazingly told and invests you early on. Character customization goes into great detail and inculding weapon customization. The gameplay of course is very refined and it difficult to think of new ideas to add except an aiming buff (joking). Touching on the performace problems, I have to agree it is difficult to run and even on my system running a GTX 980 it lags at some points, but it was improved by turning off FFXA, SSAO, and SLI. Furthermore, I know Firaxis and they are not going to leave the game in its state of unplayable-ness for some. Last of all my final verdict on the game, I definately recommend it, but I would suggest to wait until they patch the game and improve performace, nevertheless, do not let the state of the game at the moment drive you away as the game itself in story and gameplay is amazing overall."
,Recommended,268500,21167171,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Save The Seals,"If you like setting your troops to overwatch, then watching as slow motion kicks in 10 seconds before they take a shot, just to miss a target you are literally shoving the barrel into, you'll love XCOM 2. This game is full of amazing features like sniper rifles that have the accuracy of a 17th century musket, assault rifles with a 10% chance to hit that do anyways, and magical hair that has the ability to warp through a baseball cap. If there was ever a case of a developer that hasn't played their own game, it's these guys. That being said, the game is very fun when it's not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting you, which is typically the majority of the time. Worth 45 dollars when it's on sale, not 60. This game should be priced at 20-30 dollars considering it's essentially a single player campaign you play over and over and a lackluster multiplayer."
76561197975445970,Recommended,268500,21134622,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Morova,"Expectation were high, and the experience delivers what it should. There are a few minor glitches currently which likely will be patched, nothing game breaking, and there are a few places where environmental details could have been done better to enhance immersion.All in all, extremely enjoyable, and hard to put down."
76561198046739661,Not Recommended,268500,21151141,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,petr,"For next time, finish the ****ing game be4 release.Its pitty that AAA title have so much performace issues."
,Recommended,268500,21209957,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,crispy779321,"Lots to love with this game. I just finished my 1st play through and must say, If you're an Xcom fan you'll love it.Bruttal difficulty and  deep stratigic options are this games allures."
76561197970517818,Not Recommended,268500,21226542,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ed_k_c,"Still can't pick up medikit or grenade from a fallen teammate.It is not a true xcom game if you can't scavenge ammo or kits from fallen comrade, especially when things get dicy and you are the only one left on the team against horde of alien that came to rip you apart... I will soon join my comrade but all of you are coming with me!After two games, I will have to say the developer probably have no idea what very first xcom is like, but for all of you whom like the first re-make xcom, it is a okay to buy Xcom 2, but if you are looking for true xcom experience, you won't find it here."
76561198006923019,Recommended,268500,31594463,Posted: 6 May,all,√ puffy★,Prepare to miss 97% of the time.GG
,Recommended,268500,21132561,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,codexus,"XCOM: Enemy Unknown managed to successfully resurrect the XCOM series, XCOM 2 continues it brilliantly.Procedural level generation, that was an important aspect of the original XCOM, is finally back for better replayability. Also the new concealment mechanic eliminates some of the randomness of triggering the alien groups and instead allows us to plan deadly ambushes (so satisfying when they work well).One controversial point is that most missions now have an objective that must be reached within a fixed number of turns. While I was a bit surprised at first, I think this is actually very good. XCOM is all about risk management and without an incentive to go faster, the best strategy is to play extremely defensively, advancing your soldiers as little as possible each turn. With the timers, you have to balance safety vs efficiency and that makes the game a lot more dynamic and interesting.In terms of story and background, they managed to keep things fresh: XCOM is now the resistance against a well established alien presence (it seems inspired by the ""V"" TV series).One negative point is that the game feels quite glitchy (weird line of sights, bad camera angles, silly animations, bugs). That was already the case of the previous one and they never really fixed all the problems. I would have hoped that when starting fresh on a new game, they would have restarted from a more solid foundation but it looks like they just reused the old code (bugs included) for many things.Overall, I absolutely recommended this game to all XCOM fans or even people new to the series!Now if only I could get Central Officer Bradford to STFU, maybe my guys would be able to concentrate and stop missing those 99% shots ;)"
,Not Recommended,268500,26062387,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Dudemanguy,"I am a fan of Blood Bowl, so I know that what it means when RNG can screw you over and when it feels wonderful to pull off a 1/32 chance roll. They hit the sweet spot with Enemy Unknown/Within, but this game is just nuts. Save-scumming is REQUIRED in this game, there is no strategy involved to try to cut your losses and control risk. Maybe they thought they needed to make enemies tougher to keep it intesting in the end-game, but it's too frustratingly difficult to get into. Which is a shame because I really enjoyed EU/EW."
,Recommended,268500,21048897,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Dook Dic Gamer,I'm sorry...I don't have time for reviewing...can't stop playing...WHYYYYYYYYY!!!?
76561198047421328,Recommended,268500,30864111,Posted: 31 March,all,SkullsHunter,One of the best game ever (top5 easy).- Sound track 9/10- History 10/10- Graphics 9/10- Presonalization game (custom soldiers/etc) 8/10- Turn-based system 9/10
,Recommended,268500,25813563,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Get Smoked,"I cared about my soldiers so much that I started writing in depth backstories to every single one. And when they all died horribly after missing a 85% shot, the pain was real. Never has a game, even Enemy Unknown, made me feel so much for characters in game.9/10 Will cry some more"
,Recommended,268500,32933367,Posted: 28 June,all,√(π) COMPUTERIZED SEX LORD,"Excuse me, do you have a moment to talk about RNGesus Christ?i can't stop playing this game send help"
76561198122515198,Not Recommended,268500,33071276,Posted: 30 June,all,Pink Guy,"game is good at working against you every second you play,its hard to form a decent strategy half the time considering you only get to see 1 enemy squad instead of the 3 or 4 others that seem to be able to flank you the second they enter the battlefield,most enemys have more than 1 attack move which also leaves you at another disadvantage,not to mention the advent project basically rushes you to try and defeat all alien facilitys you possibly can,long story short every mission you will be at a disadvantage and will most likely lose atleast 1 soldier per mission,the game can be fun when your doing a mission that allows you more than a specific amount of turns other than that save your money and buy something that you can play at your own pace without fear of imminent failure.5/10 would not reccommend."
76561198139383224,Recommended,268500,33257717,Posted: 4 July,all,destrochris,"This game is good, mind control is not."
76561198116307613,Recommended,268500,33277777,Posted: 5 July,all,mironricardo,Challenging as fuuuuuuuu...!
,Recommended,268500,33335054,Posted: 6 July,all,Meyumi,The Thin Men from the first game are now sexy snake women.
76561198005020740,Not Recommended,268500,25374767,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,VIPEN,A really great game but performance is so much♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it's been months since release.Keep an eye on the cummunity tab if you're interested and wait for them to get this sorted.Before then save your money and stay far away.
,Recommended,268500,33250846,Posted: 4 July,all,rossjsg,"Good game, would recommend"
76561197965872658,Not Recommended,268500,21058001,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Nitro[rAfA],"I loved every X-Com game so far, even Enforcer (to some extent).It is therefore hard to say that I pretty much hate this game in its current form.@the ""I love this game""-fraction.This is my personal opinion. I may change my review, depending on future updates.Resumee:The game is a turn-based strategy game. You have a few soldiers, which needto kill aliens. Essentially, you have two actions per turn, shooting, reloading etc. consumesat least one of these actions. Over time, the soldiers become better (promoted),and get additional skills. If you are not fighting, you upgrade your flying base,keep researching stuff you found on the battlefield, and try to find resistance member and/oralien installations you can take outPros:The game somehow feels freshThe graphics are niceThe story is fair enoughNew aliensCons:RIDICULOUS loading times.Two sectoids in the second mission which mind control your soldiers? Seriously?Maximum amount of turns, such that one has to rush to the objectiveDoomsday-Counter; this is actually neutral, but it pushes the game too fastWhat are ""supplies""?The ending is somewhat strangeMost powerful race known to mankind and they cannot find RADIOstations?Most powerful race known to mankind and they cannot find your UFO while you can see theirs?Only one base; this one I did not like in X-COM EU as well.The hit/miss ratios are a bit strange"
,Not Recommended,268500,20976939,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,BarDunMar,"I love the game so far, but I'm experiencing extreme problems with the cutscenes. Especially when the camera moves a lot in cut scenes, the whole frame freezes for up to 20 seconds, while audio keeps on playing. Since there are A LOT of cutscenes this totally kills the atmo for me.Btw. I tried various graphics presets. None of them seems to change how and when the cutscenes start to stutter."
69966969966969696,Recommended,268500,33220865,Posted: 4 July,all,Ameriken_Online,"Intel HD 510 , 15-10 FPS no bugs at all.Great optimization.10/10 would play on 5 fps."
,Recommended,268500,33180949,Posted: 3 July,all,Medic,Pretty good.
76561198117849989,Recommended,268500,33212769,Posted: 3 July,all,Howl23,Why did I buy this game ?! I didn't even beat the first one !
,Not Recommended,268500,20975966,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Xylander,"This is a purely performance based review.  Like so many people here, I have a very high end PC.  With max settings, I get over 70fps.  My negative review has to do with the stupid 30fps cap placed on cutscenes and action cam sequences.  I game in SUHD 4k resolution and the switch from high to ultra low FPS causes my monitor to resync itself.  Yes, it is my problem due to my chosen hardware... but what is not my problem is the arbitrary design decision to implement a low FPS mode for every other action in the game.  This causes me a neverending amount of frustration as my monitor constantly has to toggle between display modes.  I can see this happening with games made in 2005... but COME ON ALREADY!  30fps locks are for console gamers with limited memory... not for PC gamers with 64 bit operating systems and upwards of 16GB of memory."
76561197973727344,Recommended,268500,24939866,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,gids1,"played some hours now on this ,and i had it al ,fun,frustration,anger ,excitment  ......defenitly worth  it ."
76561198042023085,Not Recommended,268500,21338202,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,nidhug,This game is really not for me.I hate when games make you take descisions and then it punish you for taking them - even i dont have the info to take the right descisions.And why oh why has someone descided that my team can get possesed - by aliens - so i cant control them.This is so stupid i cant even comprehend it.Buttom line - you will relead every mission several times :  to understand how the map looks.If you move your troops wrong - reload - if the aliens patrol findt you at the wrong time - reload. If the aliens posses you - reload.If you get hit -  reload - as your troop will be out for gods knows how long - and just get more likely to be possesed next time.This is not a fun game - it hits you every time - and often just because you play it.
76561198039083876,Recommended,268500,28707570,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cipsicko,Mabye not the best story but the gameplay is perfect. Compared to the previous version you can choice in what way you want to develo yout strategy.In my first game i'm have not build psionic chamber and i was so happy when i finish the story.Now is time to play angain!
,Recommended,268500,27020587,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tallas™,"A game that is 25% player tactics and 75% begging that RNG-esus takes pity on you. I've gone from feeling like my squad is invincible to being completely wiped off the map within a matter or turns. Oh and mods and RNG give this game some massive replayability, I'd 100% recommend it if you can put up with some bugs."
76561198084430074,Recommended,268500,20981106,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ohh Long Johnson,An improvement in every way over XCOM:EU/EW
,Not Recommended,268500,21220274,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sketchet,"Great game, but very poorly optimized."
76561198031522420,Recommended,268500,21221653,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Castiel Angelos,Snake girls. Snake girls everywhere.
,Recommended,268500,21221418,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,haberdasher,"did you like the first on, if yes play this one, if no, whats wrong with you"
76561198042695787,Recommended,268500,30702699,Posted: 24 March,all,Maxss2,"As of this review, I've got roughly 6 hours in the game. No crashes during gameplay, and the only bug that I've found is that two buttons during the mission prep screen get messed up and overlap sometimes, annoying, but I haven't encountered situations that make that a game-breaking experience for me at least not yet.When it comes to gameplay... I'm finding missions difficult, but I haven't experienced any sort of outright executions of my operatives in the field, nor have I faced situations where enemies have become untouchable angels of death on the battlefield. Maybe I've been lucky, but the worst I've come back with have been a majority of wounded soldiers.The game isn't perfect, and I'd recommend buying on sale. I would like to see some of the developers go back and give their base game a once-over for that button bug I mentioned earlier, but with how long the game has been out, I'm not holding out hope. The difficultly hasn't been over the top for me yet, but I'm still only 6 hours in the game... maybe stuff later gets exponentially harder?"
76561198053041553,Recommended,268500,21168366,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,OldDirtyFox,I have mixed feelings about this game now that i have completed it.-The squad tactics are great unit types actualy work well with each other and can lead to all diifrent kind of tactics.-Experimental items add so much to this game along with weapon customization it is just amazing what you can do.-What seems like an endless amount of diffrent aliens each having there own abilities and tactics keeps you guessingwhat is trying to kill me now most of the game.The bad part sadly enough is the story which is good all the way up to the end with all the cutscenes and build up tolast mission only to be greated with what seems like  random cutscenes thrown together with no context or storynarrative for the last 2 feels rushed unfinished.Over all Great game play a decent story but a very dissapointing and unsatisfying ending.
76561198065512379,Recommended,268500,32793029,Posted: 25 June,all,DeadShock,Now i like Xcom as much as anyone. but when the graphics on my mac look like♥♥♥♥♥♥(not blaming 2k) it kils the immersion and seems like a waste.To put simply: ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple MEchanics does not equal gameplay  ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ Apple ♥♥♥♥ APPLE!!!!!
76561198030684812,Recommended,268500,32888196,Posted: 27 June,all,Popcornia,It's alright.
,Recommended,268500,25475178,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sir Russell Of Crowe,"I read a lot of negative reviews about this game so I wasn't paying full price, now that I own it and I've modded the hell out of the campain it's actually not too bad, although there's more stratergy involved in the first XCOM games, XCOM2 feels like something that should be on a console, it's only a PC game in spirit. No meld to collect because they reinvented that dumb timer in several new ways and no mechs because it's partly a steath game now? Meh, I can go on forever.6/10, enjoyable for what it is."
76561198057417512,Recommended,268500,30250908,Posted: 28 February,all,FASH.FM,"an amazing experience where you fight the filthy globalist establishment run by aliens (who would of know) and take back planet earth before they turn all humans into some magic elixir of life so they may live forever, you can also make your own characters to take down the globalists with your favourate people on planet earth (cant barrage the farage)10/10 you stop those filthy socialist dogs after they take over the world in 2016 (hillary win, brexit fail) and gain a large understanding and respect for the god-emporer himself donald trump and how he graciously travelled back through time in order to save us (current timeline) from the timeline portrayed in this game"
76561198079193969,Recommended,268500,29987677,Posted: 17 February,all,Donut_From_Hell,Great game for enyone that enjoys a good stratagy game.
,Recommended,268500,30045721,Posted: 19 February,all,Civilized Hitman,"If you loved Xocom, you love this too.Definitely one of the best tactical turn based games ever.I always hope such games would have endless mode so players can go on playing."
,Not Recommended,268500,28768009,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BiggestWeed,I put off playing this game even though I loved all the xcom games including the old ones.FIRST MISSION I encountered 5 cases of my troops as well as the enemy shooting through walls.One of my troops on overwatch SHOT THROUGH THE 5x5 square GRANITE STATUE in the center of the match to kill the enemy alien officer.What the hell is wrong with Fireaxis? Did they no even play this game before releasing it?Let's also not talk about the HORRIFIC frame rate and skip issue.This game is damn near unplayable in it's current state almost a YEAR AFTER it was released.♥♥♥♥ you Fire Axis and ♥♥♥♥ you 2k.Glad I got this dogshit half off.
76561197969731286,Recommended,268500,30165542,Posted: 25 February,all,Aegir,"This is one of the best game I have ever played, and it is always giving more, because you always want to exceed a little bit more, I recommend this game for all strategy fans"
,Recommended,268500,21238311,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,gunstrikerx,"if you got 98% hit percentage, just pray that you don't get the 2% instead"
76561198006795437,Recommended,268500,21239527,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,snvhill,"Not too much to say.  In subject matter, variety, and theme it's absolutely excellent and signifigantly better then the last Xcom.  It's not perfect, while functional there's still some stuttering and occasional visual hiccups.  However these are usually no worse then annoying, I had one crash in fifty hours of playing and I find that perfectly acceptable.  There will no doubt be plenty of better and more detailed reviews but if you enjoyed the previous one I recommend this one.  9/10."
76561198036034268,Recommended,268500,21243131,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Bede,"This is the best stratagy game i've played in a long time. I never write reviews but the critism this game is recieving game play-wise is unwarrented. Rather than review I'd like to address complaints and convince those who got frustraited to give the game another shot.The performance issues are warrented, and i don't blame people for being upset.  I had some weird things happen, and the game crashed 3x during my 60hr playtime.  I wonder if operating system plays a role. I have Windows 7,  i have an average card but have lots of gpu and ram memory.  I wonder if MS W10 is causing issues.  i havent seen anyone post if this plays a role. Still For the most part i've not had many problems.Gameplay: I'm not the best Xcom 1 player, but still i started Xcom 2 on vetern the first game, suffice to say it was very frustraiting.  I restarted it on the easiest difficulty and its much much better. There is no shame in playing on this lvl, and saving and reloading when things got out of hand. Remember its Xcom its suppose to be hard, u need to learn how to play the game, once u figure things out and ""get the game"" its awesome.  You can always play through it again later on iron man.  As far as the timers they make sense ""in the context of the game"", be sure to know the mission parameters and plan accordingly.  If you go in every mission guns blazing every mission you will get into trouble.  Use stealth and ambush, save constantly, flank your opponent, get the heck out of there (u need not kill everything on certain missions) use the tools the game gives you, once you learn the game, you won't need to as much.  Also if the ai is cheap reload, if u make a big mistake reload. Keep trying till u beat the mission. I have never had an expired timer yet, the game has a learning curve.  Firaxis made a very old school difficuly type game, back in the early 90's it took weeks to figure out how to play a stratagy game.  If you give up on this game your just cheating yourself.  I'm playing on veteren and am holding my own so far. If i can do it, most of u can, just give it another chance!"
,Recommended,268500,21243416,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,TheFiftySeventhOfTheBootyFiends,"The game is a great new take on the XCOM series, and I enjoyed every minute of playing it. The story (in my opinion) was very engaging, and the game drew me back in every time. I wholeheartedly recommend this game. However, with every game there are some cons.STOP READING NOW IF YOU DONT WANT THE STORY SPOILED!:Many animations throughout the game are dragged out to a point where its ajust frusterating to have them there. For instance, when you find a patrol of aliens, the game will freeze on the patrol for a good 10-15 seconds before making any other actions. Another example is when you kill an alien, it freezes on the dead body for a few seconds before letting you play again. However, none of these pauses are bad enough to make you want to stop playing, just slightely frustrating. As well, if it really bothers you as much as it did me, you can install the ""Stop Wasting My Time Mod"" which will get rid of these pauses and speed certain aspects of the game up. These next few opinions are coming from a guy who played the old game extensively. The game seemed to be lacking something the whole experience and I found out what it was. Enemy Unknown had you doing almost boss fights throughout the game, which got you progressing in the story. XCOM 2 just doesnt have that, and it feels empty. Also, the old game had tons of options in the beggining that allowed for so much more replay value, however in this game, there are no options but Ironman, which doesnt allow you to load old saves, and makes all your moves permanent. However you can install the ""Long War Mod"" to get all the options back. Lastly, the old game made you have soldiers with psionic powers to finish the game, however, in XCOM 2, psionic soldiers are nothing but an advantage in combat. A special psionic soldier is given to you from the beggining of the last level, making your other ones nothing special from the rest of your squad. The ending was much less satisfying than the other game as well, and it seemed way easier. It did set up for XCOM 3 though which was cool.Conclusion:A really fun game that if you are new to the XCOM franchise you will definitly enjoy. However, if you have played Enemy Unknown and Enemy Within, you will notice aspects of the game that were in the old games, that you wish would be there. Overall, I would give it a 8/10"
76561198008088676,Recommended,268500,21247171,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ether Bunny,"I'm going to go with a cautious recommendation.The gameplay is solid. The visuals are good. The writing is no worse than any other large release (that is to say it doesn't make me cringe whenever people talk). The devs clearly give a damn about the community and the game's release was actually close to being a good release.Now for the cautionary notes. There are bugs. There are a LOT of bugs. Most of them aren't earth shattering or game-breaking, but they are both frequent and noticeable. An example of what I'm talking about is the weird tendency of buildings to explode when explosives are launched rather than when they explode, or a bug in which character animations sometimes cease to work after a character falls from a building. Not game breaking, but certainly immersion breaking. There are framerate drops fairly frequently (recommended settings set by game) on my computer and there's no excuse for that. There are all sorts of little niggling details that make the game harder to enjoy.Anyway, rig specs below:Intel Core i7 Haswell E OC'd at 4.0 ghzEVGA GTX 980 SC 4GB GDDR516gb DDR4 RAM OC'd at 3000Samsung 850pro SSD"
,Recommended,268500,21242748,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,"Like, No Duh.","So far the game is pretty engaging, the day 1 Linux support is awesome but the performance is pretty miserable."
,Recommended,268500,29258789,Posted: 14 January,all,Astral Wind,"XCOM 2 is the action packed sequel to Firaxis's 2012 reboot of the X-com franchise started by Micropose in 1994.In XCOM 2, you have lost, the Alien's have taken over earth and set up their own government known as the ADVENT coalition. Now XCOM is on the run as a resistance group now fighting to free Earth from the Aliens and ADVENT.ProsExtensive Soldier Customization. (I once spent 25-30 minutes on one soldier)Proceduraly generated mapsMods.Small special touches like seeing you highly customized top rank soldier on the main menu rather than a generic soldierConsSome may consider the DLC to not be worth the moneyOverall XCOM 2 keeps the same tactical feel of its predecessor while upping the stakes. The lack of resources and soldiers makes every loss feel more real. combine that with the fact that every map will look different and play out differently makes for unique missions that require on the spot planning. The added modding capacity means that there are many mods to explore and have fun with. however, due to the nature of the game, XCOM 2 falls where many others would as well. the randomness of percentages and the limmitations of coding mean that the game is not flawless however it is still a game that you would enjoy many times over.My review: 9.3/10"
76561198033080824,Recommended,268500,29279293,Posted: 15 January,all,Belwrath,"Highly recommend this game, bought it on 50% discount (apparently often on discount) and it is well worth it. First few games are very challenging, but once you get the hang of it is a fair difficulty (finished it on veteran/ironman). Occassional crashes did occur (4 times or so in a campaign), but its easy to recover with autosave. Although I was afraid that the amount of timed mission would be annoying (and delayed my decision to finally buy the game), I actually prefer these missions above the long XCOM I missions. Overall I really enjoyed it."
76561198032583154,Recommended,268500,21035533,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Onizuka Eikichi,"UPDATE:Since downloading the first Hotfix i am now getting stable 50-60 fps on max settings!________________________________________________________________So the most mentioned problems people have with xcom 2 seem to be performance problems (will be fixed sooner rather than later and can be fixed by tweaking the graphics settings) and turn limits (which i think is a good addition, but mods to remove them will probably be available soon).All in all i can fullheartedly recommend the game, i think it's an improvement on EU/EW in terms of tactics, enemy variety and overall enjoyment(atl east for me)."
76561198052460085,Recommended,268500,21167730,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,mc_suzanne,one word ...... awesome
76561198031106512,Not Recommended,268500,21333977,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,acharneski,"Based off the recent XCOM release, this one is too derivative with very little plot or mechanical novelty. On top of the mediocre delivery, it is full of bugs that practically force you to cheat via save-load-retry to compensate. I spent god knows how long researching a tech that was in my queue 5+ times. No wonder the game was so hard, by the time I figured out what was going on! The expansion ""XCOM Enemies Within"" was way better of a ""sequel"" than this. I'm seriously dissapointed, as this francise has up until now set very high standards in a fairly unique genre. BOOOO!!!!"
,Recommended,268500,21030878,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,nickNickNICK,I lie awake at night thinking of all the ways I'm getting absolutely destroyed in this game.
76561198006981628,Recommended,268500,21037683,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DedJim,"Effin love this game! Yes day 1 it's a bit buggy, but nothing serious. Run Nvidia experience to optimize. I'm playing it on a beefy laptop and it runs fine. Loads are a bit slow, but not a big deal.At Commander level diff. (one below hardest) it's very challenging at the start. You will have to reload and restart games even if you are pro.Some mechanics do seem a bit unfair, so I think they will patch it soon, but i'm loving it and i'm fairly far in the game.I love that there is more detail in choices and options. Way more than the original. And you can stop or start anything at any time.If you like strategy and you like a challenge get this game! If small bugs bother you or it runs slow for you wait until the first patch, but i love it so far!!!"
76561197991577951,Recommended,268500,21038002,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[255]ThePhiphi,"I'm very pleased with the game!As many said, the game is still young, and there are a few glitches. Some of them are well-known if you played EU/EW (you can sometimes shoot through walls, for example), and some are new (I had a couple of saves broken and I had to load the save before the mission)But it's nothing compared to what was brought to us! Gameplay is a little confusing at first. You can't shoot down ufos, you can't send satellites... But it's quite logical when you think of it! You're not fighting an invasion, because they're already there. Missions are a lot more varied: city, convoy, factory, village of rebels... and the maps are huuuge. But I miss the ufo crashes A LOT.About the abilities and powers: they're amazing. Hackers and gunners are brand new and they're just so great. It really changes the gameplay a lot. Rangers are what they were before: huge badasses with massive firepower. Upgrading weapons feels really good. The use of grenades and ammunitions gives a lot of depth to the gameplay. Even armors are provided with a weapon.Starting a mission in stealth is something I wished so hard in the XCOM EU/EW. Being seen as soon as you see an alien? Not anymore! I'm still a little disappointed by how the other aliens react, though. I mean, when you meet the first group of aliens, they can't see you. When you attack, you're discovered and the aliens take place (and you kill them). All good. But when you meet the other aliens, it seems like they're not waiting for you, but they still see you as soon as you see them.But that's a detail. Because we can ambush now!Anyway, great game! It kept me for 20 hours during the week-end. I can't wait to finish it, tweak (I hope!) with the options and PLAY AGAIN!I hope they'll add mutations and mechs like they did in EU/EW. And more faces (so many bad ones now...) and a way to make sure that your characters in your character pool get they chosen class, not a random one..."
76561198120752255,Recommended,268500,21038281,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Wheezy ♓,"Mutons counter melee attacksCodex dodges attacksSectoids kill your troops then revive them in the midsts of their friends, as a zombie of courseStun Lancers will beat you into submission with their long black tazer rodsMecs will spray explosive death on your squad if they're within 3 miles of eachotherOh, and you lead a team of highly trained legaly blind peopleBest game ever"
,Recommended,268500,21058902,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Platoon,"XCOM 2 is a very worthy sequel of the first game. It's improved in almost every aspect, and it's easily moddable!You should get it!"
76561198092355634,Recommended,268500,21038548,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Larica,Forrest Gump simulator 2016
76561198025609238,Not Recommended,268500,21013527,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Si,"There was a 95% percent chance of me giving this game a positive review, but I missed...Shot percentages: The problem is not missing the shots themselves, it's that the percentages are so low in the first place.  It often feels likes Xcom is a game of chance rather than the strategy it's meant to be.Low optimisation leads to terrible framerates even on a gtx 970."
,Recommended,268500,21008975,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Easy-Oats,Some balance issues and annoying dialogue popping up too often interrupting game. But overall design is pretty good.
76561198012785526,Recommended,268500,28704904,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JB-emmanuel-Zorg,"after more than 500 hours, i always like to play this game, you can find it ""new"" at every start, because of the lot of mods who help to make the game different and interesting at every restart. a MUST!"
76561198255347114,Recommended,268500,20979820,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,egg,Yes
76561198098792051,Recommended,268500,21142077,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Doug Dimmadome,THE ALIENS ARE BUILDING A MEGA-MINI MALL! DIMMADAMN!
76561197961267750,Recommended,268500,21142655,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ez,S N E K T I T SNEKTITS
76561198040517971,Recommended,268500,21243045,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Blade-Wind,"Xcom 2 is a fantastic game with plenty of challenge and depth to it. It evolved nicely from Xcom: Enemy Unkown/Xcom: Enemy Within. From smoother interactions in the gameplay mechanics such as multiple soldiers on overwatch. It brings a solid array in different tactical situations and obstacles to overcome. The designs and feel of this game are great.All that being said there are some issues I ran into that should have been taken care of in Beta testing, but hopefully will be fixed later on. These issues include the ground being blown out from under a soldier, but the soldier stays airborn and unable to move. As well as just technical smoothness which admitedly was also an issues in the original game.All in all this game is a wonderful strategy game that keeps you reevaluating your situation to come up with the best way to handle your opponents whether it be target priority or your pre mission soldier selections.I'd give Xcom 2 a solid 9 out of 10 and would recommend it to any strategy game lover."
76561198033662924,Recommended,268500,21245223,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Spaceman,"I recommend the game itself - it's excellent, like a very complex game of chess, where the odds are stacked firmly against you, even on the easiest difficulty. For a proper challenge, you're gonna want to play it in Iron Man mode.But don't bother with the community forums on Steam. As usual, they are little more than a pack of whiny self-entitled brats and thought/speech police who think the world owes them something. The mods there are, as mods all over steam are, also total control freaks. Get the game, but that's the only thing you should be using steam for. This is the last title that I will ever purchase that requires a steam login."
76561198047451045,Recommended,268500,21242131,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,warriorofthewind,"Immensely fun but immensely glitchy. Any game where I have the combat mission music stuck in my head for 8 hrs at work is a winner in my book, and the only thing keeping me from playing more and more is that I DO have to sleep before work. I tried my best to not save-scum when I first started playing, but I eventually ran into a number of total BS glitches such as-having a mob pop from one place to another without teleport/burrowing. This happened with a Elite MEC where instead of running to a cliff and jumping up to trigger overwatch, it just popped into its destination.-having a soldier seemingly run vertically down to the floor THROUGH the ceiling, ragdoll for several seconds (almost an entire minute) then pop back up to the roof.-mobs vanishing in plain sight. I spotted a turret on the roof and maneuvered to fire, but I could no longer see it even though I had obvious line of sight. I thought it might've gotten destroyed because that part of the roof had collapsed, but then it popped up again next turn.-mobs not being visible by some squad members but still targetable. I had a sectopod I couldn't target with a heavy hiding behind a fence a few feet away but my snipers in a tower far behind could target it via squadsight.-mobs taking extra actions. A lancer aggroed on a soldier, ran up to hima nd hit him with the sword, and it missed. Should've been the end of his move. Instead he runs over to ANOTHER soldier and tries attacking again, essentially 5 moves. This was after my turn had ended and enemy activity began.-missing/inactive models. Sometimes a enemy troopship will drop off mobs and I'll see one mob standing there just stationary in a 'modeling' pose, but it won't immediately show up to target. Then I'll move a troop and boom, mob's there. Also whenever I pick up a target lik ea VIP or a soldier, the carrying soldier will go through the animation but you'll see nothing.-classical XCOM BS shots. Having a soldier target a mob through a wall, through line of sight behind a pillar, aim at the camera and shoot BACKWARDS behind them.-doors don't work completely. Instead of opening or being kicked down, mobs will just run through the doors. I've even had mobs aggro through sealed doors/walls even though my soldiers don't have line of sight of them immediately.The game seems badly optimized too. I'm not sure if its because I'm still running win7 or what, but I had my computer custom-made to handle high-graphics games on max settings, and when I tried to put XCOM on ultra, my framerate was like .01fps. I had to go back to the default medium setting.None of this, however, is keeping me from enjoying the game. I have to force myself to stop playing so I can eat/sleep/work, and each mission always has me wanting more. I do get very annoyed when you're scanning and you get a priority council mission 1 day from finishing a relay, and I've noticed the world map seems to stick sometimes, like not letting you switch to missions and yanking your cursor back to the Avatar counter. It frustrates me too that dialogue gets cut off. In XCOM EU, npcs would continue talking even if you switched locations until they finished saying their particular segment, but in X2 I missed several lines of interesting dialogue because the npc will start talking just as I swap over to another room then the sentence gets cut off.It's definately worth buying regardless, just needs additional polishing. Hopefully a optimization or tweak patch somewhere down the line."
76561197987355726,Recommended,268500,21242507,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Azkron,I loved Enemy Uknown and although I could see that there is a ton of effort and love poured into this sequel I was so dissapointed with many aspects of it and I was about to give it a negative review.Then I saw the modgasm that the game already has only 10 days after release.GABEN BLESS THE MODDERS!!!
76561198063207633,Recommended,268500,21163516,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,C0KA,Si vous avez aimer XCOM. Le 2 vous ravira certainement. L'histoire encore plus captivante et toute aurai captivante. Les marcherais plus élaborer et chaques choix vous mènera vers un chemin d'expertise différant. Je le conseil il est dans mes top game.
,Recommended,268500,21021199,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,junkevil,"Performance wise, I was having some choppy fps here and there until I changed the AA from MSAA to FXAA. It's been smooth and solid ever since. I have everything else set to max and am running it on a GTX 960 w/ 4gb of ram.Gameplay wise, It's a fantastic sequel to Enemy Unknown. If you enjoyed the previous entry in the Xcom series, and are looking for a challenge, here it is. In the previous game players would delay doing certain things so they could have more time do research and build up their squads. That's no longer an option, Sitting still and doing nothing will ensure failure.On top of that, the enemies have all evolved. Sectoids have been spliced with humans and now have more HP and psionic abilities, Thin Men are now snakes that can grab you from across the map and slowly squeeze the life out of you, Chrysallids have more HP, are armored, move faster, and poison you with one hit.  You know what that poison does? makes your people turn into a giant pod that spawns more Chrsyallids.The skill trees have changed a bit too, but for the most part it's the same. Rangers, formerly assault now carry swords and can dash across the map and cut people down. they start with this instead of run and gun, but you can get run and gun later in addition. Feels very similar anyways. Weapon mods like scopes are permanently added to guns, and can't be shared or removed, only replaced.In conclusion I would recommend this game to anyone who likes tactical turn based games. I'd highly recommend it to people who liked the previous game."
76561198072437612,Recommended,268500,21047652,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Oncegod,"Poorly optimised, If u have a slow system,  DO NOT GET THIS GAME!  Even mine has troubles. Good concept, but it looks like we'll need Long War Studios to fix the game again."
76561198070926515,Recommended,268500,32825243,Posted: 26 June,all,bombman159,Amazing game slightly laggy at times but the gameplay is addictive and once you add long war it becomes almost impossible to leave
,Recommended,268500,32549827,Posted: 18 June,all,SMART_HARROW,One of the greatest strategy games you can get out there. Must have !!!
76561197995017983,Recommended,268500,32569185,Posted: 19 June,all,Lomaxnoah,"Xcom 2 is the best strategy games i have played in a while.Bought this on sale but didnt think it would be good, can't wait for the huge expansion pack that is coming.Don`t listen to people saying it is too hard, it is hard on the right amount, it takes a few tries to get thing started, but when u get decent armor and weapons, you start kicking some♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,268500,32524983,Posted: 17 June,all,cola,Rest in peace Ronald McDonald.You were an American hero.
76561198011003409,Recommended,268500,21126751,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Tramp,So how do i buy the contoller? Pre_purchased the game..so 40% discount..no option to only buy controller with 40 % of?
,Recommended,268500,25000015,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Empi3,"An overall YES from me.Didn't encounter any bugs, enjoyed the story, had fun with soldier customization, killed aliens.Week well spent."
76561198003977770,Recommended,268500,25009212,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,keiter,"XCOM 2 feels like a worthy sequel to Enemy Unknown / Within. By adding the concealment phase they reduced the tedium of crawling forward with overwatches the previous games had. I also like how they redesigned the strategy layer, it feels like you make a lot more interesting choices there now.But the biggest thing over EU/EW is definitely mod support. I've added mods that give me 2 new classes, line of sight indicators and a diablo like loot system among others. The mod community for this game is just awesome, and since it's all integrated to steam workshop installing new mods is as easy as pressing a button."
,Recommended,268500,33046035,Posted: 30 June,all,La Croix Boy,99% chance to dab to that. Missed
,Recommended,268500,25743715,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,avirambo,"Awesome game. They upgraded everything from the first, really."
,Not Recommended,268500,21009301,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Born To Lose_Live To Win,"As of this very moment hold off on buying this game. It plays pretty much the same as the last one although slightly improved, There is a good game in there you just have to wade through the c**p that is performance issues, Freezes randomly when looking at the command map then resumes after 10-15 seconds, Framerate of cutscenes is extremly odd anywhere from 10 fps to 25 fps and various other issues people are experiencing. The few battles i have done so far have led me to believe to there's some balancing needed (the aliens have mind control right from the start and you only have a 4 man squad with average damage of 4 and the sectoids have like 9ish health and you'll miss 80% of your shots) I don't mind hard games but this is just imbalanced. As of right now NOT recommended will change when the game gets polished"
76561198021574375,Not Recommended,268500,33415702,Posted: 9 July,all,ridley38,Punched by a zombie 5 damage and one shots my guy. Shoot a Sectoid point blank with 10 rounds from my rifle 3 damage. ♥♥♥♥ that.
,Recommended,268500,29107611,Posted: 7 January,all,Chandler R Wang,Interesting
,Recommended,268500,29110030,Posted: 8 January,all,DimDito,"As of the moment of writing, still a bit buggy and underoptimized. Brilliant game otherwise, more accessible and slightly more forgiving than the first game. Improved gameplay mechanics i.e. facility and loadout management, loving the new Avatar Project and PCS system. Awesome modding community and customization for soldiers too. Being able to create characters based on my realife friends made it significantly more immersive as I narrate an arbitrary subplot in my head."
,Recommended,268500,20969910,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Plosnita,Great athmospere
,Recommended,268500,30937835,Posted: 4 April,all,Panzer VI,"I love this game, it just feels epic to command resistance fighters in guerilla missions. However, I do have to say that the game relies HEAVILY on RNG. For example, my ranger missed a 99% chance shot (and a flank as well) and then my sniper hit a 15%.Just beware if you are going to buy it. You WILL rage at it. Wait until it is on sale for at least 30% off."
76561198093883542,Not Recommended,268500,33062313,Posted: 30 June,all,UncleReefer,An enemy on overwatch was able to see through 2 floors of a building and shoot up through the ceiling directly into my soldier's♥♥♥♥♥ Meanwhile my guys can't land a shot on someone standing right next to them with 84% chance to hit :/
76561198005303382,Recommended,268500,21000213,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Tarrega907,"""I'll be safe and launch a grenade at this Viper, just in case I can't hit her with bullets.  This big SUV is giving me full cover too!""  -fwoomph- An unseen gas tank explodes, the SUV explodes, my grenadier dies, my ranger, Bob, panics and runs away into the bushes.  A poisoned soldier survives the explosion with one health, only to die the next turn because the person with the medkit was just blown up.The Viper somehow survives and takes the next turn to chase after my cowering ranger, Bob.  He and another soldier manage to kill the Viper.A Faceless comes out of hiding, charging at Bob.  I spend the next 10 turns luring it toward Bob while Not Bob reloads or shoots.  It finally dies.  I complete the mission successfully.10/10 would give Bob PTSD again."
,Recommended,268500,21113681,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,danaketh,"After 20 hours of gameplay, I have a word or two to say about this game.Pros:it looks damn goodwhile not exactly original, the storyline is pretty decentit's intenseit's funyou can modify the weaponsyou have a flying base, probably stolen from Nick Furyyou'll get to kill some aliensyou'll get to travel around the world, making new friendsawesome support for modificationsCons:it's glitchy - sometimes the enemy can see/grab you through wallsstupid AIbaaaad pathfinding - your soldier are sometimes chosing paths that make no senseit's repetitiveit's oversimplified and by that I mean the research, the base, the gearit's repetitiveit's repetitiveyou probably can't take the aliens alive anymore? (correct me if I'm wrong)small mapsI felt like the game is pushing me forward which seems like the devs knew there's not much to do after all and want to make up for it by intensity of the playthroughmission timers - again, they feel like a way to keep you focused on the goal as you don't have the time to explore and thus won't notice the battlefield is really small and doesn't change too muchit's repetitiveIf you don't have the game, go get it, it's fun and since there are modding tools it's probably going to offer a lot more in the future and maybe even attract someone who will overhaul it to make it closer to the old games. But if you were hoping for more sandbox experience like the old games had, this is not (yet) the game you are looking for. Even thought you should probably buy it as it's still going to keep you attached to the screen, telling yourself: ""just one more mission and I'm going to bed""."
,Recommended,268500,21249664,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Original,A worthy sequel to a great game.
76561198020742014,Recommended,268500,21163476,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,boytype,"XCOM2 is a game that is worthy of the full numbered sequel status to the original XCOM.Where XCOM:EU+EW looked to adapt the XCOM formula for a modern audiance, XCOM2 distinguishes itself from that formula through changes to both theme and gameplay.XCOM2 adds new mission types that help mix things up, adding some much needed variety to XCOM:EU's gameplay. Where XCOM:EU had basically 3 mission types (Alien Hunt, Civilian Rescue, Base/UFO Assault), XCOM2 adds VIP Escort, VIP Capture/Kill, and Press the Button  mission types, each of which has a Timed and Untimed varient. This would seemingly mean that there would be twice as much (200%!) mission variety.The number of different enemy types in XCOM2 is likewise seemingly twice as diverse. All of the aliens from the previous iteration are represented in one form or another, and a slew of newcomers join them. Many of the new enemies  require fresh tactics to be developed to deal with them, and later game additions are a refreshing sight after fighting slews of ADVENT soldiers and bots in early game.The Class system has been reworked to increase the differentiation between each classes two skill trees. There are far fewer instances where there is a CORRECT choice here (exceptions including ability to not trigger overwatch for Rangers), and the two trees are different enough except for Grenadier that you could often be taking two or three Sharpshooters, Rangers, or Specialists into a fight, each with a specialized skill set and loadout, and each useful in entirely different ways.  I say except for the Grenadier because while they do have a useful set of skills to choose from, the usefulness of OverwatcH and the fact that the grenade launcher cannot be used for it means that no matter how you spec, your Grenadier will be using his Chaingun a lot of the time. For all of the other classes the distinction is such that the gameplay for each sub-class is very different."
,Recommended,268500,21240312,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,shauN,Where has this game been all my life?!?!
76561197963246589,Recommended,268500,21114079,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ganches,"Game is well made and a strong upgrade to previous xcom, which isnt something you can often say about sequels.The only really weak part about the game was the incredibly poor performance.It's almost like the game wasn't tested for it."
76561198021834767,Recommended,268500,21000253,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,RagenLiveTv,can some one make a cheat mod just to have fun
,Recommended,268500,21034776,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,locklear93,"Strong improvement over the original. Tactical layer feels better in almost every way, and the strategic layer is rid of those damn satellites. Difficulty in terms of alien advancement could stand to scale better at easier difficulties (it's constant on all difficulties, instead making it harder for you to keep up), but it's not so unreasonable that I've modded it down yet. I AM playing on the easiest difficulty, and am not ashamed of that. This is absolutely not an easy game. I recommend it to those who enjoy both strategic and tactical games, and are not afraid of losing and starting over, especially on high difficulties. Victory is not assured."
76561198144173545,Recommended,268500,21113669,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,rutkowski.michal,"It is solid, fast-paced, better than Enemy Unknown/Within for me.Get it, play it, replay it."
,Recommended,268500,30655108,Posted: 21 March,all,Ω,Fully customizable!Now I can make my ex and let her die!Take that Karen!9/11
,Recommended,268500,21165129,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,sliGi (OuchOwie),Games pretty good.
,Recommended,268500,21003253,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,RvnBlk,"Get in. Get out. Go home. Only cowards turtle. You are part of a guerrilla resistance, fight like it."
76561197977114657,Recommended,268500,21009494,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Noodle,it's xcom
,Recommended,268500,20976485,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Üto,"I played the first mission and I got comp stomped flawlessy on Veteran difficulty, I welcome a challenge..."
,Recommended,268500,20987919,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Wolfen,"Somehow they improved upon the amazing formula of Enemy Unknown/Within. I'm in love with this game. If you're an XCOM (or X-Com) fan this is of course a must buy. If you're a fan of tactical squad based games, this is a must buy. If you have a pulse, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,268500,20980372,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,otten,"Pleasantly surprised as i was not completely hooked on the first game. Solid mechanics got even better and the visuals are nothing to scoff at. Already in the first few missions after the tutorial things got really intense, I can see myself putting many hundreds of hours into this one. No performance issues with a 770."
,Recommended,268500,20964411,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,roosta,10/10 Would get entire squad killed again.
,Recommended,268500,20963767,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,|NRAC| Spike,Really an excellent evolution of the classic game mechanics. Now with the workshop integration I have no doubt that Xcom 2 will be a blast to play for a long time to come.
,Recommended,268500,33692918,Posted: 21 July,all,Rastil,"Game is great but do NOT play in ironman, game saves even as it crashes, making your save file useless. I've just lost my long war campaing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way."
,Recommended,268500,33804586,Posted: 26 July,all,Pl!zga,"In the video game XCOM® 2, you play as The Commander, a clueless video-game enthusiast who has suddenly been put in charge of an underground militia fighting against some sort of ♥♥♥♥ing alien threat.Experience exciting experiences, such as:-Putting all of your soldiers on Overwatch except for one, and moving him/her up-A story that is extremely predictable (but who cares. its a ♥♥♥♥ing turn based strategy game).-The sudden realization that you Are Not So Good At Video Games, Afterall.-A workshop mod called Long War 2, which you will never beat.Experience a diverse and well-thought out cast:-Engineer Shen, daughter of Shen, who come from a long line of Shens. The Shen dynasty.-Dr. Vahlen, But Not German Anymore Oh And Also A Black Man-Bradford, also known as the voice of reason that seriously needs to shut the ♥♥♥♥ up sometimes.-All of the soldiers you are sure to swiftly lead to their deaths.-The being full of sadness and dread in the back of your head (We'll call him Chad) that enlightens you to the truly disappointing truth that you have no control of the situation (or any situation, for that matter).All in all, the video game XCOM® 2 was pretty good."
,Recommended,268500,33684179,Posted: 20 July,all,Turtle Senpai,"Alright so XCOM is a game that lies very close to my heart.I only started plaiyng since XCOM: EU but it's the best turn-based strategy game that I can think of. I have put quite some time in both of the games and I enjoyed every moment of it thus far. And if you finished the game what is there to stop you from trying to finish it on a higher difficulty or perhaps to install some mods to enjoy like class mods or LW2.There's a lot of aspects to this game that make it very interesting. The base management, researching and creating of items is all very fun and satisfying on completion. But then you also have the same satisfaction when you have a completly succesfulf ambush where none of the enemies are left standing and where all of the overwatches hit. Seeing the flawless text when you complete a mission without taking any hits only makes you thrive for more.You can lose countless hours playing and experimenting with XCOM 2 which is why I personally think that it's a great game. I will always visit it back at some point and have an amazing time with it whenever I play it. Oh and please... Never remove the amazing 80+ % chance to hit misses cause it can leave you in very akward but ultimatly hillarious spots.Now we wait for War of the Chosen to come out."
76561198021812626,Recommended,268500,33077009,Posted: 1 July,all,Alemao_Perdido,Great Game
,Recommended,268500,21025351,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ansemist,"Brings back what you loved about XCOM: Enemy Unknown, with new foes, high replayability, but with a more directed approach. Graphic's are noice. Gameplay is super fun. The mission set isn't simply ""Kill all aliens"". Missions tend to have you going after supply caches, radars, and other nic-knacks, which can then be followed by the secondary ""kill everything"" approach. While some people gripe about there being a ""Round Timer"" until you fail, I always find that I have 3-5 turns available when I'm in-sight of the objective. Don't like the timers so much? I'm sure there will be a mod for it.Highly recommended."
76561198026806680,Recommended,268500,21076458,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ShasO,"This game resembles BDSM intercourse very easily.The Aliens will beat you so hard.They will kills your favorite soldiers.Capture your favorite girl.Enslave all of humanity.Destroy your home.And you will enjoy all of it. Every. Second. Of. It.Obviously if BDSM isn't your thing, then this game ins't for you."
,Recommended,268500,21076754,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Tchuli,Even better than the first... If that's possible.
76561198005378337,Recommended,268500,21113413,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,swarm492,"If your a fan of xcom you will love this, just buy it. You wont regret it."
,Recommended,268500,21113682,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Crusader,Game really cool beat x-com UNKWN and EW
76561198093261009,Recommended,268500,21113793,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Racist Bassist,"FIrst off, this is the first XCOM game I've ever played. So, I guess you could say I'm going into this completely unbiased.(It also means I played it on recruit for my first time)Now with that out of the way, onto my review:Basic review? It's a great game. If you have the computer capable of running it, and you like the genre, buy it.In depth:Pros:Good looking game. Very pretty.Loads of customization...(more in the con section)Fiendishly addicitveSteam workshopChallenging missions, even on recruit difficulty40+ hour campaign (on recruit)Cons:Buggy. The action cam and animations tend to break quite frequently, as well as cutscenes...er...""de syncing?"" with the voice acting.Not very well optimized. I run quite a good rig, and I'm pretty much required to have AA off in order to get a stable 60fps.Facial and facial hair customization is lacking. Only about 4-5 faces to choose from and not much in between ""Giant bushy beard"" and ""Five o'clock shadow"""
,Recommended,268500,21163804,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Dagaline [Comtn],"XCOM 2 is a great game, I already been through a few playthroughs and truthfully, I fail to see any ""game breaking"" bugs or lack of optimizations to really complain about. Yes there is a animation error when it comes to knocking out windows. Game still works. People are joking about missing shots when they are ""almost"" garunteed. 80% is not a 100% shot, thats still a 20% chance to miss. Even 99% has a 1% chance of missing. I doubt anyone can show me a unedited video of 99% shots missing one after another, after another like people are claiming. Truthfully, I think its just people making a reason for why the game is hard, or why they suck at it.The game is great. The game is fun. And the game is worth the money if you loved EU or EW.Then again, if you suck at games I cant reccomend this, we dont need anymore people claiming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on shots, just deal with it instead of crying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about the game."
,Recommended,268500,21241245,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Xencosti[OTG],"This is one of the best games of it's kind out there.  You can customize units, which really hurts if/when one dies. You can also build your base and squad to your choosing. I only hope more customization comes so that I can make even more units.If a dev reads this, Please give young faces and anime hair colors."
76561198045149198,Recommended,268500,21250319,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Duke of Spooks,"It'll make you want to rip your own♥♥♥♥♥♥off, but I wouldn't have it any other way. Truly better than I could have ever hoped and infinetly more challenging and indepth than the previous installment. I give it a 9 out of 11"
76561197991834906,Recommended,268500,21144509,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,feedthemanmuffinz,(Go to very bottom if you are super lazy)Xcom 2 has improved on a lot of things but the issues that are in this game as of right now are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm going to make this quick because there are a lot of reviews.Good things:The map/the avenger (though building simplified)ConcealmentRandomly generated mapsClass types and very different skillsVery few perks you get 100% of the time (squad sight)Enemy varietyStoryConsumable varityBullet ammo typesGraphicsModsCustomization(May be some other things too I have forgotten but this is the gist of it)Bad:Optimization (I have a GTX 970 FTW+ getting about  30~ frames with some dips with antialysising offTimer based gameplay (12 turns to finish now)Pop up missionsFINAL:Xcom 2 is cool for a lot of reasons BUT it runs like♥♥♥♥♥ and rather then play like a guerrilla force we are playing like we are still defending earth with respose missions which are timer based.Its a small gripe but the game is great and well worth the $60 for everthing it includes.
76561198067251264,Recommended,268500,21146707,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Zachev,"I do not recommend Veteran mode if this is your first time playing an XCOM game.  Normal is hard enough if you forbid yourself from loading saves for better outcomes.That being said, this game is very enjoyable, especially once you get past the earlier stages of the game.  Attrition is something you feel, and your poor choices/effectiveness in battle can hurt you heavily over the long campaign.As for the cons, there are a fair amount of graphical and gameplay glitches at the moment.  I assume these will be patched over eventually.  There’s also the annoyance of RNG combat, but hey, at least your grenade throws aren't RNG like Divinity:  Original Sin.  XDAll in all, 8/10 from me.  It’s lacking in graphical/textural/animation polish, and is horribly optimized at times, forcing even high end hardware to drop during certain animation sequences such as when you launch your squad at the start of a mission.  But damn is it fun."
76561197999684361,Recommended,268500,21240383,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,DeadmanWalking,Great game that ran flawlessly on my computer. Half the missions have a turn counter but there are kids to add more or remove this feature. Most complaints can be addressed with easy to run mods. Even easy settings can be hard and wipe you.
76561198109322466,Recommended,268500,21241941,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Athirus,Great follow on from XCOM
,Recommended,268500,21250029,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Kommandant666,Fantastic return to form!Improving on Enemy Within was a challenge but Firaxis succeeded and excelled. I've loved Xcom since I were a lad and that frenetic tactical madness is just as fun and replayable as ever.
,Recommended,268500,21296940,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,honey mary jane weed sex,bloody brilliant
76561198126778859,Recommended,268500,21298024,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Far,"I would rate it 100%The best game I've played in my life on any platform counting back since the beggining of history of gaming (C-64).Everything has improved since XCOM 1.I *really* enjoyed the storyline, plots and twists - exciting...About the unstable framerate, I found if you quit the game and load it up anew it solves it for some time, I hope this (ressource leak or threading issue) will be fixed soon.Thank you 2K, for this masterpiece, there must have been put quite the effort behind creating it. :)(Played on 970gtx + i7-5960x + qhd monitor, running Debian Jessie Linux.)"
,Recommended,268500,21250533,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Auth-Ders,"Sharpshooter : 93% chance to hit, about 3 tiles away = MissRanger           : 16% chance to hit, and sniping with shotgun from distance = Crit Snipe10/10 would shotgun snipe again"
,Recommended,268500,27096009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zeke Aileron™,"Fantastic Strategy Game that expanded more from XCOM 1, Amazing soldier customization options that they expanded on, So you can make a whole sqaud of your best friends(Also people you dislike) and send them out to fight the Aliens being victorious or die/captured in the battlefield.Although the Game's campaign is great and semi-long depending on how you play; however, if you're wanting more out of the game there's several DLC that adds a bit more story elements with more soldier customizations and the Steam Workshop as well if you're interested in wanting to dive into the game more with a lot of the created content that the community has made to improve your gameplay experience even further."
,Recommended,268500,28088835,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ENDLESS TRASH,I hate this game and I hate Jake Solomon
,Not Recommended,268500,20986300,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ribzizzle,"Can't recomend without a patch fixing this poorly optimized, glitchy mess. I am personally waiting for some proper controller support as well. It was in the first game. Why the hell isn't it here? No, I won't buy the steam controller; shove your shilling scheme up your♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198074165264,Recommended,268500,29640992,Posted: 1 February,all,ishamisfree,"Short & Sweet - I'vebeen an X-Com player from the beginning of the franchise, this is by far the best one yet. If you are seasoned, you will love it, if you are new to the series, you will love it."
76561198022397549,Recommended,268500,29640532,Posted: 1 February,all,scas,"Great game, and long war modes just makes it better. Strongly recommended even at full price."
,Recommended,268500,29640473,Posted: 1 February,all,LarryFish,Great Game 10/10
,Recommended,268500,21186197,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,yssuP gnipmaC,"ติดหนึบเกินบรรยาย ขนาดนอนป่วยยังต้องหาเวลาลุกขึ้นมาเล่น""Once this is all over. We should take this ship and colonize one of their planets.""Central : The faithful Commander Hugger.--------------------------------------------In short, Close to perfection Tactical Turnbased Game.Better than XCOM, deeper Strategy, even better Characther customization and etc.New Concealment add more depth to gameplay, new war map is really cool too!Who would have thought that The Dev. can really outclassed their own great game.If you called yourself a ""Gamer"" grab this one when you can.Yall have a pleasant time kicking Aliens's butt and steal thier ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198000921806,Recommended,268500,26722011,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,C0ld Sh0w3r,"My buddy says this game sucks, but he's a♥♥♥♥♥ This game is awesome, and he's just not cool enough to understand it."
76561198041374969,Recommended,268500,26720995,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,famouswolfe,"Overall I recommend this game, with a few asteriks**. There are many game design choices that I question and just don't feel make any sense. The core aspect of the game is still present (base management, deciding which things to build/research first, tactical missions, and that feeling of being overwhelmed), however beyond that it feels like they complicated a tried-and-true formula that is beautiful for it's simplicity. As a sequel, XCOM 2 delivers more than the original XCOM's sequel Terror From The Deep delivered. More complex, however, doesn't necessarily mean better. XCOM 2 tasks you with building a base, growing a network of resistance cells by building radio towers, R&D of alien weaponry, maintaining a small army of trained soldiers each with its own unique class and abilities, choosing which missions you will undertake each with its own rewards, and ultimately stopping the aliens. XCOM 2 limits you however, with three in-game mechanics that make it impossible to do all of those things simultaneously and forces you to choose which you will prioritize. First you have two kinds of currency: Supplies and Intel. Supplies are used to improve your base and upgrade your squad's equipment. Intel can be sold to the black market for equipment/Supplies/soldiers or can be used to see what bonuses the enemies have for one month. You have a limited amount of Supplies and Intel so obviously you have to choose wisely how you spend it. Second, there is the issue of time. The game doesn't let you just sit back to do as you please. Occasionally the game will throw missions at you which you can choose to ignore however the rewards those missions offer are absolutely critical so ignoring them is really not an option. Third, there is the Avatar project. Basically a super secret project that the aliens are working on which if completed will spell disaster for the XCOM organization. Each and every in-game month the Avatar project makes some progress, and if the meter fills up you lose. You can choose to raid alien bases which help stall the Avatar project, however it is always looming over your head. This is yet another way the game makes you feel overwhelmed, by limiting your time and forcing you to act quickly.Speaking of time, another game mechanic which both helps and hurts the game are the timed missions. In 90% of missions you undertake, there's always some objective you have to complete within a limited number of turns. No longer is it about showing up and killing all the aliens (although some missions require you to mop up remaining aliens too). You usually have to either extract a VIP at an extraction point, protect a workstation from being destroyed, destroy an alien workstation, grab some precious cargo before it self detonates, etc etc within usually 8-12 turns. This forces you to be more bold and daring in your tactics instead of just taking things nice and slow. Aliens are a lot more wary though, and sometimes can call in reinforcements if they start losing which only complicates things worse. Combined with the strict time-limit and overwhelming odds, a mission can quickly spiral out of control. This is both exciting and infuriating. I cannot tell you how many times I've been in a heated skirmish with 6 aliens and only a few precious turns to complete my objective, only to have the aliens call down reinforcements flanking my squad and completely undermine my strategy. At those moments you simply have no choice but to retreat or face losing your entire team. It may seem like the game is casually trying to screw you over, and make no mistake, it is.Overall XCOM 2 is a good game, however to me it just wasn't as good or as fun as it's predecessor, XCOM EU. The strict ground mission timers, the way the game will casually throw something at you that completely throws off your planning and strategy, the over-complex design and increased facets that you have to pay attention to, just kills the fun for me. Hopefully XCOM 3 will find a better balance."
,Recommended,268500,30003423,Posted: 18 February,all,BlueRaja,I've spent more time modding this game than I have playing it
76561198073670106,Recommended,268500,33509576,Posted: 13 July,all,turdferguson29,"So I do have some hours put into this, and I havent gotten aroudn to doing a review until now. So here goes.The game in itself is fun, its not much removed from Xcom, but it does have some differences. But thats it. I dont feel like I should be paying for a game that is essentially a mod from the first one, or having to pay for DLC. The only reason I really like this game is the mod community. If it wasnt for them I would be giving this a neg. The Devs have basically cash grabbed on the same old DLC model of game releases, which...is getting tiring. I had high hopes for this game, but I was very dissapointed in the base content. Devs should be giving reach arounds to the mod creators right about now, because they basically save this game. So, just because of the mod community ill give it a good review."
,Recommended,268500,30659024,Posted: 21 March,all,mmm.... appa joos,Where did these grey hairs come from
76561198068949954,Recommended,268500,33772994,Posted: 24 July,all,Zanoth,"The fact that XCOM 2 has 80+ hours of play from me on Steam despite it barely running is a testament to how good this game is and how great of a selection the mods are. My ""not-bad"" PC runs it on minimum settings with rediculously long load times and lots of stuttering during actual gameplay. Luckily it's turn-based so that doesn't really matter."
,Not Recommended,268500,32936096,Posted: 28 June,all,Tanyou,Pros:Its XCOMChallenging for beginner like meCons:Cover don't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥in vanila.Customization of Props are buggy.
76561198062305279,Recommended,268500,34007560,Posted: 3 August,all,Senpai!,"A huge improvement over Enemy Within. There is a ton of visual mods that make your squad all shapes and colors of rainbow. More enemies, more skills, more futuristic maps HUGELY improved psi class. However, I have to mention that a fix is needed for stuttering and frame drops.I used this person's guide and manipulated the game config file.https://steamcommunity.com/app/268500/discussions/0/392183857621700482/This solved my issues on AMD video card"
,Recommended,268500,25014533,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Tony_El_Tigre,"This game is phenomenal but superbly harsh and unforgiving if you play on anything above easy. Prepare to have your heart broken when your favorite, highly customized, highest level, butt-kicking operative gets grabbed out of cover by a limbless reptile and constricted to death after taking heavy fire from a 3 story mechanical demon that appeared alongside an acidball-spitting robobutt that refuses to die and an army of snotty minions that like to point at you just to spite you.10/10 would get my insides squeezed out again.Pros: The game mechanics are excellent, graphics are superb, physics and area damage are spot on (if you grenade someone on the roof of a tall building and the grenade doesn't kill them, the multiple story fall likely will), and customization/skill trees are much better than it's predecessor.Cons: Can feel a little reduntant and wounded operatives seem to take way longer to heal than the random prompts to begin another mission, so it's easy to run out of operatives if you don't play extremely defensively; so there's really not room for an offensive play style unless you play on easy.Overall: I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys RTS games. Especially if you felt like you never had time to keep up with the A.I., as this game is completely turn based. It's better in every way than XCOM: Enemy Unknown and I loved that game."
76561198260864456,Recommended,268500,29780987,Posted: 8 February,all,MariJamUana,If you like XCOM you will love this.Story picks up from where we left off and is outstanding the entire way through the game.I would have liked to have seen more in the tech tree from the vanilla game but nothing to cry about at all. (Long war mod now out)Buy this game and enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it!
,Recommended,268500,29793210,Posted: 8 February,all,Strongholdhero,If you enjoyed the way Xcom enemy unknown felt you will love the way this one feels! However it is worth noting that you need an absolute BEAST computer to run this thing on anything above minimum.
76561198030375139,Recommended,268500,21065755,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,greenpenguin,"Great game, people are saying its bad beavcuse its not xcom ennemy unknown. Its a new game , new ideas.  Its hard LIKE VERY HARD yet fun and exiting"
,Recommended,268500,21126227,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Sequelle`★,"There is some bugs. The game is poorly optimised but, that's good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198078959789,Recommended,268500,21123013,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Roman,Heey that's pretty good!-N*gger F*ggot 2k15
,Recommended,268500,21122336,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Magusverborum,"If you're looking for a really really really really realy really stupidly hard game that is quite stressful but is *incredibly* rewarding to play, this is the game for you."
76561197989944459,Recommended,268500,21147264,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,kwarlankile,"Finished first playthrough on normal difficulty. Loved it!If you liked Enemy Unkown get this game!Maps are really fun to play, the timer missions ad great pressure and the mix of classes makes for some great strategy!Loved it and bring on the Long War Mod! :)"
76561197962017305,Recommended,268500,21121758,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Rogue428,Great game. Hard. Not for the weak. Took all the stuff that was great with the reboot XCOM and made it better. Can't wait for some of the mods to hit.
76561198030171317,Recommended,268500,21122040,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Post-Modernist Ice Sculptor,The game is tense but fun and the performance issues appear to be minor if you have a semi decent rig
76561198065908154,Recommended,268500,34071222,Posted: 6 August,all,Big Money Salvia,Great game. Very much worth the $60.
76561197970987386,Recommended,268500,29367000,Posted: 19 January,all,gribs,"A great entry in the series. Well paced, well balanced, challenging without feeling unfair."
,Not Recommended,268500,28954284,Posted: 2 January,all,Andy_Staff,The game gives everyone the same error with no solution so is entirely unplayable.  A pure waste of money. It was fun for what little I could play.  $5 net value. Do not pay full price.
76561198152287124,Recommended,268500,20985126,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,All Intensive Porpoises,"95% to hit *misses*98% to hit *misses*100% to hit *misses* (im not even joking I missed a shot with 100% chance to hit.)*alien from the other side of the map takes a shot and hits my best character, (who was behind full cover and on a roof), for a critical hit, instantly killing them*Ah yes. XCOM is back."
76561198053232624,Recommended,268500,21058626,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,JamesRandom ',Where can I find the Xcom 2 Development Tools??????
,Recommended,268500,21014309,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Harambe is love,i missed a 99% shot. reloaded game 5 more time missed all of them. 10/10 will miss again.
,Recommended,268500,21183952,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tordehole,"Fantastic. So many improvments over Enemy Unknown/Within. Still the same basic gameplay with the squad and customization and stuff.. Speaking of, New customization is cool.. Added a lot more, Character pool is very hot.. But at the same time I feel it is missing quite a bit. I get that they cant give everything to everyone but I did feel there was quite a bit missing. Im sure people will mod more stuff in but yeah. New map is.. Interesting to say the least. I like having to contact people and stuff, Build little pylon things to reduce the intel cost.. All very nice.. But.. Near the end of the game I was kinda just sat at my HQ with nothign to do.. Scanning and waiting. The ending was.. Alright I guess. Last section was enjoyable, And the mission before the last where you only get 3 troops was fun. Would of been nice to see more missions like that where you get less troops. I felt the weapon progression could have been better. Maybe more types of weapons, More tiers or something.. But I felt I got to Plasma too fast. Ending cinematic was great. Had a massive grin on my face the whole time. Looking forward for what comes next with this. Be it an expo or a new game. Looking forward to getting the rest of the achis I am yet to get and also to playing it with mods that improve the game.. Or add more. (Not these stupid ones that increase the Avatar Project.. Make Swords OP or any of this dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥ mainly Long War devs I am looking forward to. All in all, I would say this is a better game than EU/EW.. But I feel it is also worse in some ways. No where near as much to say its a bad game, But, I feel the first one had some better things than the new one.If I cared about ratings and stuff I would probs say somewhere up at like.. 7.5/10. Maybe a bit higher later down the line with mods and an expo or whatever if they have any plans."
76561198032178080,Recommended,268500,30491635,Posted: 13 March,all,Eversio666,"If there's one thing that really amazes me about XCOM 2, it's that the guys and gals at Firaxis have found an immensely imaginative way of sequel-building in a way that totally subverts and circumvents the normal, carved-out way of making them: they actually made XCOM lose in the first game, and XCOM 2 picks up with the human race and Earth enthralled in the now-evolved alien race's clutches."
76561198008018101,Not Recommended,268500,29464223,Posted: 24 January,all,MMXI,"Pros :+Steam workshop gives it almost infinite customisability (from cosmetics to gameplay).+Aesthetics (Purely subjective, good if you're into the near future sci-fi look).+The concealment mechanic genuinely changes up the gameplay from the first game. You really do feel like a guerilla force fighting an established enemy.+Good audio design (Again subject to personal taste). The guns sound like they have some real force behind them and the sound track really nails the atmosphere.+Combat mechanics have some real variety to them compared to the first game. Mech enemies can be hacked and disabled. Psi soldiers can manipulate the enemy. Lots of utility items.Cons:-Lack of control. The game really likes to shove cutscenes and combat animations in your face. Camera control is constantly being taken away from you to show you the mission objective, alerted enemies or basically anything except movement. Really breaks up the pacing. The game was only bearable for me with the ""Stop wasting my time"" mod.-Paid cosmetic DLCs. Really seems redundant and a waste of development time to sell cosmetics when the steam workshop exists.-The turn timers really take away a lot of your tactical options. Half the missions have tight turn timers meaning you have no choice but to rush the objective or fail the missions, no time to scout the area or set up for ambushes. Fixable with mods but still deserves a mention.-The UI is really iffy. It might have been a personal problem but it seemed like you had to get your cursor on a certain pixel to even get a grenade to land where you wanted it. At times I would tell a soldier to move to a certain square but then the cursor would suddenly flip to the adjacent square and it would be a wasted turn.I just couldn't get into the game no matter how much I want to. I have started maybe 30+ games, played less than 5 past the first couple of hours and finished it twice. I really wanted to like the game but just couldn't get past the design choices.My main problem was just the lack of pacing. It was impossible to really get immersed into a missions when the game was constantly telling you ""look at this cool thing!"", ""look at these guys over here!"", ""look at this mission objective while Bradford gives you a long monologue!"". Even mods coudln't fully fix this problem. I understand that the developers spent hundreds of man hours crafting a more cinematic experience but really it could have done with an option to turn the animations and story VO off, especially when you're on the nth playthrough.This problem is even more exacerbated on the enemies' turn. Games like Endless Legend give you option to increase combat animation speed. An option to increase enemy turn animation speed by like 8x would be amazaing. Sometimes it's really cool to see your fully customised solider blow the brains(CPUs?) out of a sectopod with a plasma cannon, just not every turn. It just felt like less than half the time you played the game you had any actual input.This is purely subjective as well, but I really did not like the way the pod spawns worked. The tactics felt more like something out of an MMO where you would try and ""Pull"" one pack of mobs at a time or risk getting overwhelmed. It really limited your movement options and made the maps feel small and cramped.In a turn based tactics game the design philosphy seems to have been to make you play the game a certain instead of giving the player more freedom to complete objectives creatively.It's a real shame that I just could not enojy the game with some of the core design choices involved. These are things that cannot easily be fixed with mods either.This is only my opinion but I just couldn't recommend the game as it is."
76561197972921451,Not Recommended,268500,33612180,Posted: 17 July,all,<|☥|Inesophet|☥|>,"I really really Tried to like it. I loved the first game, what a fresh breeze of air. This one however ( and i will get alot of flak from fanboys for this) is not good. The Presentation is breathtaking. Super epic Music intros and all manner of awesomeness. Great Voiceacting and so on.However you deserve to know why you may not like this one. Xcom is a Tactics game. It lives and breathes from being 70% Tactics, 20% Strategy and 10% luck. Xcom2 is 70% luck as far as i experienced it. Because of a few mechanics, most missions have a pretty brutal Timelimit. You either need to cross the whole map to reach a certain point, or rescue somebody, or rescue alot of people. You have around 3-8 turns time for this. That means the game forces you to rush. I personally hate this in tactics game. You cant set up a propper ambush. And more often then not you end up with your pants down running in a group of Aliens. Ok RELOAD.Now you know where the aliens are, advance until then. Take them out. Oh Soldier 1 Missed. Soldier 2...he missed aswell. Soldier 3... 2 Damage! Enemy proceeds killing the Squads. RELOAD!Ok this time Soldier 1 Hits. Yay, enemy dead. Soldier 2...missed. Soldier 3...missed again. Enemy kills soldier 3, Soldier 1 is panicked. RELOAD (spoiler...next turn everybody is dead)When you finally get to the terminal (after MANY reloads), Oh reinforcments are coming and dropping in the flank of my squad. Sucks to be me i guess. Squad dead. RELOADNow i know that reinforcements are coming, Get to the terminal, Have everybody in position. Reinforcments now arrive at a different place. (again flanked) Squad Dead. RELOADAfter countless reloads the mission is completed.Im sorry but this is NOT fun. Its bl00dy frustrating.Another big problem is that enemies can more often then not shoot through walls. Also once you are spotted the enemy ALWAYS knows your position even if you are not in its line of sight. So outflanking an enemy, or trying to be sneaky doesnt work. Why the timelimit on the missions? I dont get it. Anyway if you look for a good Tactics game and you liked the First Xcom, get yourself Jagged Alliance 2 it is still today unsurpassed in quality. If thats a bit too old, try Silent Storm. Also a Brilliant Tactics game.However if the afromentioned scenario and type of gameplay doesnt bother you, go for it."
,Recommended,268500,21078174,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,bdlance,The flaws of this game are solved by either getting good or mods.
,Recommended,268500,21119152,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,endersblade,"It has its bugs and glitches, but this game is amazing.My single biggest gripe about this game is the Avatar Project countdown to doom.  XCOM does NOT belong on a time limit!  Thankfully within the first week or so of the game being out, someone basically modded it out of the game.  So I've been enjoying the game at MY pace!The graphics are a step up from EU/EW.  The customization options are better, and there are a lot more options to change.I like the direction they went with changing the aliens, and the introduction of a classic, the Snakemen, called Vipers in this game.  Though serving a different role, it's still awesome to see them!This game, overall, doesn't play the same as EU/EW.  Again, it's on a timer, and a LOT of the missions you go on have timers as well.  There are fewer aliens per mission, but what IS there is a lot more deadly.  There are no more UFOs to shoot down, which I was sad to see go, but it makes sense with how this game plays.This game is extremely moddable.  They moved a LOT of information into the .INIs, and also released a Mod Kit for the game for what can't be done in a text file.You won't really play the same game twice.  The zones you can go to on each continent change with each game, and you start on a different continent every game as well.  The bonuses for each continent are random too, which is sort of annoying because some of the bonuses are extremely useful, while some of them are almost completely worthless.Overall I'd give the base game about a 7/10, just because I HATE HATE HATE the doom clock.  With mods, this is a 9.5/10.  That 0.5 missing is from all the bugs...seriously, this game is buggy!  Mostly graphical glitches, teleporting and such, but there are some rare ones that can really bork your game.  Because of this, I caution against playing with Ironman turned on.  You may need to savescum a bit just to be able to continue playing!"
76561197968518508,Recommended,268500,26722609,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,[db.]Rookski,Excellent game overall. The negative reviewers clearly didn't play the early XCom games or understand this genre. I've played through 3 times and not had a single performance issue or bug.9.5/10 from me.
76561198040015820,Recommended,268500,26111030,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TheSoulParadise,"It was a very long wait but after finally getting this game in my library and booting it up I instantly knew it was going to be a big step up. Without wasting your time XCOM 2 is absolutely an excellent sequel going for an alternate timeline story rather than a direct fallow up from the last game. If you enjoyed the last game have no fear about buying this one.Graphics – XCOM 2 steps up its look in a big way ditching the shell shaded cartoonish look from the last game and going for a much more detailed look with a very gritty atmosphere. Every animation, dirt stain, blood splash, and battle field has an absurd amount of love put into it allowing the player to get fully immersed in their experience.Gameplay – The basic core of the game has stayed almost the same with its turn based gameplay and full squad customization. However XCOM 2 has only added more for the player to enjoy with brand new squad classes, weapons, fully mobile base of operations, and a new stealth mechanic allowing the players squad to enter the battle field unnoticed by the enemy allowing for epic surprise attacks and crafty strategy’s to take down the alien menace. The player is going to need to make full use of these new additions as the aliens have a huge advantage over you in both numbers and technology. The game will force the player to think many turns ahead (or abuse the save feature) in order to stand a chance this time around.Story – XCOM 2s story basically revolves around the idea that you as the player were unable to stop the aliens in the first game causing an uneasy peace treaty with the aliens and earth which looks more like total subjection. You must lead the XCOM rebels to victory over the aliens by strategically attacking and disrupting their plans throughout the various countries of the world with your new mobile base. Some new faces join the team as well as a few old ones new players won’t need to play the first game to enjoy this story.Recommendation – Overall XCOM 2 is a big step up from the first game with only a few issues in the form of higher difficulty due to the constant timer put on the player causing some to feel rushed. However skilled players will be able to get powerful gear quickly evening the playing field. I would still recommend that new players finish the first game as starting with this title could cause players to ignore the first game."
76561198003528777,Not Recommended,268500,33312856,Posted: 6 July,all,3rkan,Not Recommended:-Game crashed 9 Times in the last 3 hours-Had to close the game whenever i reload a save while in a mission because of infinite loading screen-If game crashes or i have to close because of bugs and glitches i need to close the steam task to start the game again-had various graphic glitches like colour of the enviroment messed up
76561197965023115,Recommended,268500,21153870,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Razael,"Good funn. all the funn from the first, but with improvment.a few buggs that was luckly mostly cosmetic, and HW related (thank god its a turn based game)Was a bit worried about the Timers, but they ended up not being so frequent as a feared (hate timer) nor where they actually a problem. for the most part. there where a mission or two that was close to imposible due to little time. there where this one escort misson where I hade to run across the map, then kill prittey much every mob on the map that was guarding the excration zone in just 8 turns. this was also late game so most aliens had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of HP and armor.The Avatar timer was also something I ended up not having to worrie about. I did ♥♥♥♥ up early game, did bad choces and got an unlucy blacke site that was on the opeside of the world that ended up triggering the lose count down (if you get all the dods, a counter on 14 days starts untill its game over). I beat the timer and got every thing under controll. ended up with 3 dods and still a facility I could take out. so really..not a big deal if.Tumbs up"
76561198089255952,Recommended,268500,21085120,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Wacko Jacko,Best game I've ever played
,Not Recommended,268500,33736403,Posted: 22 July,all,Shia labeouf,"I played this game alot when it came out, But it never had good performance, now more than a year later they havent fixed their terrible optimization. I can run the witcher 3 on high with a smooth 60, but this game cant stay above 40 staring close up on a soldier while on the lowest settings. It stutters on every soldiers move, it looks like a slide show during overwatch and i cannot tab between soldiers without it stuttering. ive gone into the ini and tried every guide out there to try and stop this. i have alot of hours in this game but i couldnt ever continue playing it because of these massive framrate issues."
76561198045442328,Recommended,268500,20961565,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jimson,Even better than the first. 10/10.
,Recommended,268500,20990892,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Degenerate,"Welcome back, Commander."
,Recommended,268500,20960426,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,hrsta,I like this.
,Recommended,268500,20960880,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,hanterrian,"Great game, do not regret the money spent on it. Api only allow for mods, and tools. Generally godlike will. Thanks 2K & Firaxis"
76561198073119595,Not Recommended,268500,20992638,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Closed,"The game seems great and lots of fun. If you like the other xcom/ufo games then this is great.Well, beside that the game gets stuck all the time and I'm far from the only one with this problem.Game doesn't crash or anything it just get stuck and u cant do anything. Realy frustrating.So atm it's actualy waste of money because it's not working."
76561198086950858,Recommended,268500,20961608,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,JackErrific,"Overall, a good game with some great improvments from XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Within. Whilst I do recomend the game, I would wait a little while until the game has been updated because their are some series issues with overall performce. I have a GTX 970, 16Gb or Ram and an Intel i7 4790K (4 x 4.0 GHZ) CPU, but on max. settings I only get an average of 30fps which sometimes drops randomly to as low as 5fps! Compared to a modded Witcher 3 on Max (with NVidia Hair Works) which gets me between 40-50fps. So clearly something must be wrong. I'm going to leave it for a bit until, hopefully, the performace issues are fixed."
76561198066925600,Recommended,268500,20961600,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,RequiemSoul,Just give my comment first. The game suit me perfectly. Later will update more if I still got time.就是干！
,Not Recommended,268500,20992988,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AKnightAlone,"Never really thumb-downed a game, but this one's getting it until it gets a patch or two.My last mission was FLAWLESS, zero shots missed, zero damage taken, all because the enemies stopped doing ANYTHING. It would load for around 10 seconds, then go back to my turn. I'm pretty sure I could keep playing and beat the game perfectly from the point I'm at."
76561197967487476,Not Recommended,268500,28590837,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cheese Itz,"I love these type of games. I played Xcom a ton on the hardest setting with Ironman mode on. I felt it was fun to add that realist environment to the game. Xcom 2 continues the game play of 1 without question with many new features added. But I cannot Recommend this game to anyone that isn't looking for THE hardest game out. If you get mad at games or feel they ""cheat"" this is the game to prove it.Enemies have more move turns than your team. More actions, and are able to increase their numbers in that same turn, leaving you hopeless in any fight. When a soldier dies, one of your living soldiers can panic, leaving it uncontrolled. the enemy can mindcontrol another team mate AND revive the dead to work for them. Recap. You lose a soldier on death, One panics and can't take commands, another is mind controlled, and that dead troop is revived to fight you.These powers are what the enemy has on round 2. All that on top of the normal miss on 90%. If your team of experienced soldiers die anytime after mission 5, just quit and start over. The monsters difficulty become more with each passing day. I've gone 25 missions flawless or excellent, only to have everyone die the very next mission.Your call on getting this. All of that BTW was on Normal."
,Recommended,268500,21003740,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Amonkhet,"Game is a stellar improvement over X-Com: Enemy Unknown, with such advanced customization abilities.  You can get lost just making characters, who'll appear in future playthroughs.Just Remember. ADVENT is watching!10/10 Welcome to XCom Baby!"
76561197962282490,Not Recommended,268500,26083283,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,BrentusMeridius,"As a lifelong fan of the XCOM franchise, XCOM 2 has left me feeling a bit (ahem) alienated.The Good:Robust character customizationConcealment mechanic allows for some satisfying ambushesThe Bad:Inexcusable performance issuesInverted difficulty curve can be incredibly frustratingStory feels emotionally hollowThe Bottom Line:Tightly timed missions have made the combat more frenetic, more aggressive and more challenging than ever before. Unfortunately, I also found the strategy to be more arbitrary and more frustrating. I personally prefer the deliberate pacing and technical polish of XCOM: Enemy Unknown, which I still consider one of my all-time favorites.Update:I decided to give XCOM 2 another chance and after sinking some considerable time into it, my opinion unfortunately hasn't changed. Despite being released 18 months ago, it's still considerably rougher around the edges than its predecessor. I also felt that much of the content included in the DLC actuallydetractedfrom the overall experience.This review is just, like, my opinion, man."
,Not Recommended,268500,32292367,Posted: 9 June,all,Karasique,"Preordering this was a mistake. Everything has already been said, the prime culprit being DLC and optimization."
76561198011124762,Recommended,268500,21055642,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Gabriel,Wonderfull game! Gives exactly the level of challange you would expect! I reccomend it on ironman as it gives full gamma of emotions tactical game can give!
76561198080326450,Recommended,268500,21060017,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,M4N14X,"Sniper stands on middle of the roof, shoots downwards to target. Whole floor under the sniper rifle breaks as if a blaster graced the floor as it goes to the target! 10/10 would blow up floor again!"
76561198273287950,Recommended,268500,28550381,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,gxq1203,A satisfying sequel to XCOM!
,Not Recommended,268500,28491895,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,mortyrshell,"Great game, but can't recommend it until they fix the nastiest bugs.  The community is great and has a ton of awesome mods and workarounds.  Essential mods like those that skip the unecessary 2-5 second wait after every action should be made default.  Worth the money if you don't mind frequent crashes and bugs.The biggest nuisance is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""log in to 2k and agree to 5000 pages of conditions you'll never read"" popup that occurs EVERY time you start the game.  Stop asking me after I DISAGREE.  If you load a game before acknowledging this you can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥in game as the mouse and keyboard are disabled."
76561198086197131,Not Recommended,268500,32940207,Posted: 28 June,all,Dyslecticon,what realy grinds my gears is the fact that they keep moving in your direction even tho you are consealed
76561198004129798,Recommended,268500,20972726,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Niablis,"Great Xcom game so far. As far as the game play and storyline go, so far its a 9.5/10. I would say this is a day 1 buy, but the graphical and performance issues are really frustrating. I would suggust waiting a few weeks for the bugs to be worked out before purchasing."
,Recommended,268500,20974024,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Chirumiru ShiRoz,"If you liked XCOM : EU, you'll love this one, intense battles, much more interesting enemies and plot. And the best part, a lot more customization for soldiers. You even get to add an epitaph to all soldiers who died under your command XD."
,Recommended,268500,20972720,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,FroG,"I was big on XCOM EU and EW.  Due to the hype around the game and my experience with the franchise, I decided to give it a shot.I'm glad I did.Good - The gameplay is relatviely smooth with a few hiccups here and there on my 4 year old system.  That's excellent considering it was a midrange build at the time - the game seems fairly well optimized.  The actual gameplay and UI is great, giving clear indicators of your chances of success and the reasons for those chances (terrain, debuffs, etc).  The story so far is somewhat generic but engaging, with a cohesive storyline.  Game appears to have a lot of tactical depth, but I will need more time to unlock more items, features, and abilities to really determine that.Bad - RNG can really hurt you.  That is somewhat expected given the nature of the game, but don't be surprised when you restart the same mission 2-3 times due to some bad dice rolls.Conclusion - Great game, easily an 8/10 if you like tactical squad based games with RNG elements.  If you were a fan of the previous games, you'll probably enjoy this one too."
,Recommended,268500,20972768,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TheJake,Oh my goodness! Legend is amazing. It feels insanely good to actually have to think about positioning and to feel like you're making decisions that are going to matter. This is the TBT you're looking for.
,Recommended,268500,20974063,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,AppellantZero89,"Remember those Sectopods who would always absolutely destroy you?Yeah you can hack them and then take pot shots at it while the aliens shoot at it in an attempt to save their own lives.Though the pure amount of bugs at this point is suprising, but seeing as this is a turn-based strategy game the lag really only just slows down the game even more. (which can turn off a lot of people)Here are some of the bugs I have experienced: (though none have been seriously game breaking)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=617234113￼http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=619027506￼http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=618990874￼http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=618954280￼http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=618948243￼"
76561198065760889,Recommended,268500,21114510,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,puppehs,Best early access game I've played
,Recommended,268500,21003743,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MerlinsCoffee,I am completely blown away!
76561198071012471,Recommended,268500,21069801,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,nikoglis,"After a long wait, XCOM 2 is out, to grab us by the balls once again, whip our backs, and command us to call it Mama Susie. This is not an easy game. This is not a fun game. Not for the uninitiated to the ways of the XCOM. You will feel hype, enthusiasm as you hit your first shot, you will curse at your buddy Billy that you named your best soldier after, because he missed a 95% shot. GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER BILLY.You will feel the excitement when you finally get that ♥♥♥♥♥ mission that you were stuck on for hours, immense satisfaction when you finally kill that mo$^£$%""£ piece of $""$%""%&^ c*cksucking codex that keeps teleporting around the map and clones itself, and it just WON'T ♥♥♥♥ING DIE.You will feel your balls shrinking up as the aliens almost complete the avatar project, and you only have 20 days to stop them, and the eventual relief when you barely manage to achieve that 4 days before you lose, OR the pity for yourself when you do lose and you have to start all over again.If i could describe this game in 3 words i would say :Uphill battle simulator.Improvements from xcom 2 and general pros:-Much wider mission variety.-Many more and deeper customization options. You can even give them cigars now.-Late game is harder now. In fact, i lost one of my campaigns, even though it had reached late game.-Classes are much more diverse than before, and every class is useful, with it's own merits. You will see what i mean, when you enter a hard mission and you don't have a specific class with you, and how you will feel it's skills missing from your arsenal deeply affects you.-A new loot system is in the game, that lets you individually upgrade your weapons, which you LOSE if the soldier carrying them dies on the field and you don't extract his dead corpse.-Also, the effect of ""billy panics, and shoots his friends dead"" is much less prevelant than before, althought this might just be on the default difficulty. I imagine things get much tougher later on.Pros or cons: (depending on your point of view)-The game has the whole mentality of ""Even if you do everything perfectly, you can still lose"", and it's obvious in this game. You WILL get shot from half way across the map, you WILL lose your best sniper from a random crit that came out of nowhere, and  you WILL get shased down by ufos when you least expect it. This aspect, everyone can take it on a different light, but you have been warned.Cons:-New players to xcom will feel lost. If you don't know what xcom is, i recommend to get xcom enemy unknown first, as it is a smoother transition and will explain much of the mechanics of this game. I guess firaxis thought that the only people that will buy this game are players who already know about xcom, but still, i feel it's a misfire on their part-Hacking is in the game now, but i feel like more could be done with it. You can hack robots, towers, and some objectives, and that's pretty much it. It also follows the same mechanic, so be prepared for your friend Tommy to ♥♥♥♥ up his hacking with 90% chance of success, and suddenly you have a super mech chasing after you.-Several performance issues, either minor either major. For me personally, the game suffered from some framedrops after a lot of hours of playing, and it can't really handle alt tabbing that well. Some visual bugs, and also only 1 heavy crash (again due to alt tabbing), but thankfully, there is a new autosave function now, so use that.In conclusion:If you are familiar to xcom and you love a good challenge (and you are also a masochist) you will love this game. Be prepared to lose friends, family, your dog, your 3rd cousin from your mothers side. This is a tough game, and even harder in higher difficulty levels. Recommended ONLY for those that know what's coming to them.Right now, with the minor performance issues, it's an 9/10 for me. Once patches are introduced and further customization is implemented, it's a clean 10/10."
76561198304037248,Recommended,268500,25935103,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Jimbay,"Dope game, even better than the last one."
76561198284012275,Recommended,268500,33856401,Posted: 28 July,all,SouLLess Gamer,Probably the Hardest Game iv'e ever played in my life and i'd just like to say...14/10 Best game of the yearIt was also Nominated for a NAVGTR Award. Whatever the Hell that is.
,Recommended,268500,33971417,Posted: 2 August,all,Lilcoat,10/10
,Not Recommended,268500,21512052,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kaiser Dragon,The game has a extremely Spuratic gameplay the AI is wild at times and unrealitic accuracy.. Snipers that cant shoot a mob directly infront of them. Getting spawmed with random supply and god knows what missions that takes days to complete all the while you should be completeing the days training to get to the next part of the game and shut down the alien facility before you run out of time .... As well as a spaceship that obliterates u on the ground when it catches u the unit upgrades for gear and weapons take far to much time and resorces to make u capeable to stand toe to toe with mobs even in Easy mode.
,Recommended,268500,21516078,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Bat,The game generated me black guile in my playthrough. He was a ranger. His nickname was samurai. He missed a lot of sword slashes. He didnt deserve the name samurai
76561198036257001,Not Recommended,268500,21523264,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,oneharu,it just crash on the start screen....
76561198047004275,Not Recommended,268500,21524650,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,nfuzedreapz,"Ive owned this game for 9 days. Im sure this it would be one of my favorite if I could even get in, I have tried everything I could think of, tried everything I could find on the internet, and I havent been able to open the game at all... I want a refund."
76561198069039965,Not Recommended,268500,21535936,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,kennygee001,i haven even been able to goet past title screen just crashes
76561198089930419,Not Recommended,268500,21543938,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Deathstream,"I don't write reviews often but unfortunately, this game is rubbish (polite version). Get your difficulty levels sorted. It goes from easy to stupid in one hit with no in-between."
76561198045944984,Recommended,268500,21557859,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,SerDerpsalot,"While still a good game, there is a LOT wrong with Xcom 2.  I had to put my graphical settings to ""paper and cardboard cut-outs"" option just to keep the game from crashing on the main menu.  Even then, gameplay flows like a river of magnets and a super-glue covered sloth could pour 5 gallons of molasses by the time a mission gets around to loading.The menu navigation is slow and laggy, and it takes around nine years for the aliens to look up from their hideous torture of God's beatiful creatures and realize it's their turn to move.  Doing ANYTHING (building, researching, training, healing, and most importantly, SCANNING) is impossible without being interrupted by a flood of urgent missions.  SERIOUSLY!  I had up to five missions come in in less than three in-game days!  Most scans take at least 4 days (I think), and scans are required to get ANY currency, even supplies given to you by the council.Much like the first game, playing a mission through without save-scumming is like trying to get a seven-ten split after undergoing a quadruple amputation and a botched lobotomy.  That being said, there are mods that speed up menu navigation and other side-effects of poor optimization, and despite everything wrong with this game, I've still played WAYY too much of it, so it's doing something right.  So basically, if you liked Xcom UE or just have an extra bit of money laying around, definitely get this game."
76561198067257491,Recommended,268500,21651477,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Prettyboy Lee,Missed with a 98 percent chance to hit on an enemy with 1 health.Recieved a critical hit the next turn and died.10/10
76561197989580874,Recommended,268500,34207166,Posted: 12 August,all,Sig life,I liked it.  Like every game it can use tweaks.  Less for some and more for others who play it.
76561198029151425,Recommended,268500,34207982,Posted: 13 August,all,Baka Pink,Great
,Recommended,268500,34470834,Posted: 24 August,all,Red,"This is a pretty classic example of how any game can be made much better by letting modders fix it. The base game itself is good but rough around the edges, and having mods that can let you shape those edges into a shape that pleases you. For example, I love the stealth component of the game but I hated that the mission objective countdown starts when you enter the map, rather than when you get caught. Why do the aliens have their cargo set to self destruct if they don't know its about to be hijacked?It also opens up nearly unlimited customization options for your soldiers, letting you dress them up as anything ranging from spartans from Halo to NCR Rangers from Fallout. My only real gripe about the game that can't be fixed by mods is the DLC. XCOM 1 had an amazing DLC in Enemy Within. 2's DLC has fallen flat in every attempt except for Shen's Gift, which was decent."
76561198066236996,Recommended,268500,34613501,Posted: 30 August,all,TheMattMatician,"One of my favorite strategy games of all time. Great blend of action and tactical decisions. Easy to learn, difficult to master."
76561198217870817,Not Recommended,268500,21529501,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,joshuakeithhupp,This game sucks it wont even load. I'm very disapointed.
76561198111697179,Not Recommended,268500,21551126,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Keyboard+Mouse,"Short Version:Enemy Unknown = Half Life 1XCOM 2 = Half Life 2If that sounds good to you, then get this game.Longer Version:First off, XCOM 2 has a fantastic premise that appropriately raises the stakes without dismissing what happened in the first game. It's much more story driven and wants to lead you down a certain path, which I personally think goes against what made EU so good. It still has the XCOM spirit of fighting a daunting, unfair, overall superior enemy, but you don't really see that at face value. It's more of a long checklist of missions, and intel. Again, if that sounds good to you, then get this game.The game is still a patch or two from being fully optimized, but I've only had the occasional dip in framerate so far. What really slows the game down is the interface, and the push for better graphics (they are MUCH better looking btw) and fancy transistions means every action takes a fraction of a second longer. Maybe that's just a nitpick, maybe it'll wear on you like it did me, I don't know.There's a handful of new ideas thrown into the game, some are insubstantial as far as I've seen, but my favorite is stealth elements. At the start of most missions, you are undetected by the aliens, and can ambush them if you're savvy enough, but that's equally hindered by the fact that almost every mission also has a timer, and I honestly don't know why that's a mechanic. It just further forces people to save-scum and go for a perfect run rather than face adversity. Just my opinion, but I hope some of you agree.It's a PC game from the ground up, to the point that gamepad controls are really messy and it doesn't respond well to analog controls (if you got a gamepad to work, please tell me how). If you've succesfully weathered the original XCOM games, this will probably make you feel right at home.I wish I could just post this as a neutral review because even though I personally don't recommend this game, there's more than enough here that most XCOM fans will love it, and I thouroghly acknowledge that. However you felt about the things I mentioned here is probably how you'll feel about them in the game, so if it's your thing, buy it."
,Recommended,268500,34610469,Posted: 30 August,all,Axis of Lint,"So I've never been a massive fan of the new XCOM reboot. Pretty much entirely because of nostalgia, I'm sure.XCOM 1 had a lot of failings for me, mainly that it was so easy. I felt like it had become an arcade game. XCOM 2 again, had failings. My initial playthrough was pretty quickly over and I thought it was going to be the same thing again - but the game has recieved some updates that have definately made it a better product.There are still many things I dislike - the lack of original squad sizes and larger maps being the main one, but this is probably me looking at everything through rose-tinted glasses.However - I think war of the chosen has certainly made a massive step in the right direction. Adding a vast amount more options to the game that really engage you in what's going on and giving you the choices that will affect how things go - giving you more control over the big 'time-limit' mechanic and adding in some new unique classes.Overall, I think if you like turn based strategy and enjoy some depth to your games, it's certainly not a bad game to pick up. I only wish that WoTC was a little cheaper. A little pricey for an expansion in my opinion.There are still a few things I don't like about the game, but the modding community is pretty active and those are usually taken care of by them.7/10"
,Recommended,268500,34763612,Posted: 5 September,all,voltz420 * twitch.tv,"XCOM2 war of the chosen is badass Btwthey really improved on the tactical squad based combat and added to the base management, building,tech, manufacturing aspect aswell as added new mission types along with new units and abilities.. I'm probably missing something but needless to say its awesome"
,Recommended,268500,33716586,Posted: 22 July,all,Link_Gamer_15,"My first experience with XCOM was XCOM: Enemy Unknown. I never finished it, but moved onto XCOM: Enemy Within,  which I heavily enjoyed, both the story, the gameplay, the balance of challenges. Deciding whether or not securing MELD was worth a rookie's life, deciding to invest in robots, psi troops, the next weapon/armor type, or genetic enhancements, or best of all mixing and matching, if you had the recources.XCOM 2 does not, in my opinion, present similar choice-making importance. A maxed out healing specialist will hit just as hard as a maxed out grenadier, in most situations. Enemies also feel like they have less impact. In Within, Crysallids were terrifying foes, only to be engaged with when I was sure that I knew where every single one was, to avoid nasty suprises. While it may just be a result of more experience, I do not feel that the Crysallids command that same caution.Not to say the 2 is inferior, I very much enjoy the Armor, Hacking, and Stealth mechanics the game offers, as well as the feeling of time mattering with the AVATAR PROJECT progress meter at the top of the screen in red. I just feel that the game it self was a little short, being basically over once the Shadow Chamber was constructed. Story also advanced a little too quickly, hardly stopping to introduce new enemies. I remember the Whaling Town mission that revealed Crysallids to me for the first time, it was very effective in demonstrating the new aliens and their potential.Overrall I enjoyed the game, I hope that after picking up some of the DLC I will further improve my experience with the XCOM series.Solid 8.9/10"
76561198062873391,Recommended,268500,33764040,Posted: 24 July,all,Limetoe,I first remember playing XCOM enemy unknown on the Xbox 360 and I bloody loved the game. This game is far better though IMO. The graphics are sexy and still very fun to play. Whats even better is the mods that people make! It makes the games even better having Jedis in your squad ;)The only thing I dislike about this game is the stupid time wasting. Everytime you come across a enemy you have a cut scene that you just watch the stand around for a few seconds before they actually move....
76561198325670639,Recommended,268500,29487758,Posted: 25 January,all,BattleFrogg,90% chance to hit. Missed the target. Squad got wiped out.10/10
76561198105101222,Not Recommended,268500,24410282,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,iSagan,"XCOM: The only game where 90% accuracy will fail 5 times in a row when you need it the most.The DLC is an absolute joke, obviously catering to a younger demographic than they're used to (they're using straight up cliches and stereotypes only an old school out of touch conservative would use) and the story this time around was seriously lacking and was near where near as impactful as the other classic XCOM. However, all the classic gameplay is there with literally no additions and subtractions from the XCOM we know apart from 'stealth' which was totally rushed and its impact on the game 80% of the time makes no difference. Even the abilities on level ups, the classes and the basic gameplay, is IDENTICAL to earlier XCOM's.To me this was a high definition XCOM absolutely nothing special about it and as per my recommendation, if I had of known this info before I bought the game I wouldn't have spent the absurd amount of money it cost."
76561198057194771,Recommended,268500,21393919,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,CaptainKzer,"""Veteran"" difficulty is far too easy fo experienced players, even on a first playthrough. There are some cosmetic visual glitches: most prominently, damage failing to display correctly after registering. These do not affect gameplay in any significant way, though, aside from slight immersion breaking.Overall, XCOM 2 is a quite good game which lives up to and exceeds the expectations I had as a huge fan of both the origial XCOM games and XCOM (2012). With the ability of mods to add huge degrees of customization to each player's individual experience, I am very satisfied with my purchase and anticipate I will be for quite some time to come."
76561198015790597,Recommended,268500,21646322,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Space Snootch,"It's a great game but it's barelyplayable in it's current state on my own computer- Bugs, slowdown, it's an aggravating slog that drives me mad because I see what a great game it is.  Hopefully buying a new computer (my current GTX 980 SLI machine runs it better in single card mode)) will fix it and I will be able to play it smoothly."
,Recommended,268500,21666759,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,my name jeff,Mod that removes turn counter. 9/10
,Not Recommended,268500,22342238,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ted cunterblast,Doesn't work on Mac apparentlyDoesn't work that great in Windows either tbhWhat a waste of money
,Recommended,268500,22456447,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Sir Cookie Banzai,I like it
76561198031262604,Recommended,268500,22815582,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,The Bored Chairman,"Ok, I'll try to be serious with this one.Xcom2 is the sequel to Xcom: Enemy Unknown and assumes that humanity lost the war against the aliens. Most people live in Alien-run cities, under the constant vigilance of ADVENT, the Alien Peacekeeping force. Your job is to lead the remmants of the Xcom project against the Alien Overlords via tactical strike missions, which yield rewards like new personel, additional resources or minor buffs. Soon enough, the stage is set as the Aliens commence the AVATAR project (which does not filter the world in a red and blue hue, unfortunately). It's a race against the clock as you can't stop their progress, only delay it.Xcom2 brings back the famous (or infamous, depending on your views of it) RNG-based accuracy system, and further expands on it with new game mechanics like hacking (which can yield rewards, complete objectives or increase the mission difficulty, depending on the RNG). It also introduces a Dodge mechanic, meaning that units with a high Dodge stat have a chance to cut incoming damage by half.Now as for how well these mechanics mesh into the gameplay, Xcom's RNG-based accuracy offers you a chance to increase your odds of a successful shot with various abilities and items, for example, scopes, Holo-targeting, height advantage and others, meaning that it's possible to ensure that you never miss your target. Unfortunately with the hacking mechanic, you are completely reliant on RNG, even after you research better gear, as the hacking protocols for more powerful enemies are, naturally, more difficult. A specialised ammo can help lower their defenses, but for the most part, it's all down to how the RNG decides to play. Fortunately, the game can be complete without ever using this mechanic, barring objective hacking which can never fail, so you aren't forced to subject yourself to it.Now the Dodge mechanic, on the other hand, adds another layer of frustration to the game, as perfect positioning and flanking angles can result in an otherwise dead enemy to live by reducing incoming damage. This is especially frustrating when there are multiple threats with the ability to dodge. Explosive damage from grenades is undodgeable, but this forces the player to rely heavily on grenades, often dictating the squad you will field beforehand, rather than allowing the player the freedom to experiment with different items and units.Grenades themselves are a tremendous asset in this game, as opposed to the first, as they can destroy the environment and relieve enemies of their cover.  They can also create new pathes to priority objectives, useful when the objective is in a building. They shred armor and deal unavoidable damage and cannot miss, unlike rockets in Xcom: EU. However, as great as grenades are, unfortunately, their reliability makes them a must in a squad as opposed to a luxury, because why rely on RNG when you can guarantee damage? Nobody, in a practical sense, would choose RNG. And Xcom punishes those who can't make practical decisions, further cementing their place in the game as the go-to weapon of choice. There are better weapons, to be sure, but the grenade's reliability gives it the edge for best weapon in the game.Sightlines in this game seem to perform worse than before, often resulting in your support characters activating a pod while the majority of your squad is already out of moves. It's so bad that a unit standing directly next to another with vision might NOT have vision of the same enemy. Enemies will often spot you directly through walls as well, like they all have Xray vision. There are mods to help deal with this massive oversight (heh), but the fact that this made it into the final product is a real shame.The game also has its share of bugs and errors, crashes are still common, though luckily, autosave is turned on by default, so if you're like me and don't save until you're done playing, you don't have to worry about your progress.Nitpicking:This is just my personal opinion on certain game mechanics that shouldn't be present but don't adversely affect the game.1. Central Officer Bradford acts as your military advisor, and unfortunately, has gotten much more vocal since EU. Even when you turn off Beginner VO, he often repeats the same advice multiple times during a mission, which can take its toll on your patience, especially if a mission is going poorly (the last thing anybody needs after missing 3 90% shots is to be nagged at). Basically Bradford is Navi from LoZ:OoT but with better chest hair (let's see who's done their research).2. Pacing: Despite the sense of urgency implemented by the AVATAR project, the game itself feels slow, slower than EU which had no timetable. There are far too many camera swings (what is with Firaxis and cameras?), pauses in gameplay to hover over something for the sake of dialogue, and the slowmo overwatch shots, which can result in a bug where the slowmo plays for the entirety of the animation, rather than just the shot. It makes the game at times feel tedious and slow, the opposite of how a quick Guerilla Op should feel.Despite everything, however, I still recommend this game. The modding community is pretty great, and the feeling of pulling off a flawless mission just never gets old. The game may be a little rough around the edges, but it's still a great (albeit frustrating) experience."
76561198146890266,Recommended,268500,23239453,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,SMARTMANSMART,queare cuul boyos
,Recommended,268500,23364276,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,aeolian,"A good game, with lots of interesting complexity, and a good extension of the precursor's gameplay. However, it's let down by an astonishing number of irritating and confusing bugs. The AI is reasonable, but can get utterly confused. The difficulty is wonky to say the least, quite probably due to Firaxis ramping it in the last month or so of development. It's a good game if you like the genre and can stomach the bugs. But really, it retains some of the annoying bugs from the first game. Tsk tsk... I've no doubt there will be an XCOM 3, but if reports are that the bugs aren't fixed from XCOM and XCOM 2, I'll stay clear.Taking its best features only, it's almost, but not quite, as good as X-COM: Apocalypse.Full disclosure: I finished the campaign, with no add ons or modifications, on standard difficulty and have not tried the multiplayer. The multiplayer in XCOM was so broken I wasn't interested in trying this one."
,Recommended,268500,23400288,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,CactusMan,"Sometimes the game can get pretty buggy, but the intense gameplay more than makes up for those minor flaws. X-Com 2 is an excellent game."
76561198112714283,Recommended,268500,23545793,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,justaduckfad,"Mods saved this game. 10+ classes instead of 4 (Jedi!), new skins, voices (the entire Archer cast!), levels, gameplay. Highly recommend mod to change in game timers and increase squad size to 8 or even 12! Awesome game for anyone thats a fan of the series or turn-based games.9/10 I love missing 95% shots."
,Not Recommended,268500,23576459,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Terminus,"The time limit you have on mission completely ♥♥♥♥ing ruins this game. Worst game mechanic in the history of games. Seriously. You basically need to endanger your troops by playing completely recklessly or you're going to loose. Basically, play recklessly then if you got the wrong dice roll you load the game until you get the right dice roll. ♥♥♥♥ XCOM 2."
,Recommended,268500,23838773,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,OST23,"I live, I die, I restart again!10/10 would recommend."
76561197995801333,Recommended,268500,23848881,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,briancourt2,"Feel kind of silly.  I waited for this to go on sale in fear, it would just simply be the same game as xcom with everything being the same, just new maps.  While the general game play is the same, there are enough differences, that this play way more fun than the original, which was a pleasant surpirse.  Well worth it to buy.Nice touches all through it.  When your ships is brought down by the aliens, I am like really, your just going to send out six soldiers to defend, when you have a horde inside.  Well the developers were thinking what you'd be thinking and said, yeah send in reinforcements each turn.  Just nice touches everywhere, from ability to randomly acquire traits from other classes, to more simple weapon type upgrades, and yet ability to manage the accessories.  Again touches that make the game better.  Nicely done...."
,Recommended,268500,23866950,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jack,Turn based games dont come much better then this. The amount of customization that goes into everything is amazing and its def worth the cash. Only con is that it has a ton of visual bugs and to a certain degree it is luck based.
,Recommended,268500,23908104,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Doge,If you enjoyed the previous game in any amount this is a safe bet.
76561197976311109,Recommended,268500,23937772,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,thriller,Loved it so much played it back to back.  Lot of good mods out there.
12359478947465564,Recommended,268500,23941446,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,KitKat,Really good and now its even better with the modding community to allow various types of gameplay styles 10/10
,Recommended,268500,23995352,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,zaphod182,"I love this game!! be ready for a butt kicking, the game is not easy. :)"
76561198032082792,Recommended,268500,24022291,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Toaster Maximus,Great game worth getting it  A lot tougher then the original imho
,Recommended,268500,21126008,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,BaffledPanda,"One of the most perfect games out there, and people still find time to complain."
,Recommended,268500,21096014,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Metzge,"The full review can be found onStart 2 Continue.Excerpt:It’s been a while since I’ve been legitimately excited about a game’s release. In fact, despite the glorious technological advances of the 21st century, the only thing that would’ve made my day first trying out XCOM 2 any better that satisfying experience of the cellophane wrap tearing as you claw at the game disc, that new game smell flooding your nostrils like some savage beast. But alas, Steam patched that all out a while ago and I’m a sucker for the kind of instant gratification digital retailing provides. It’s the very opposite (that being, latent gratification, I guess) that attracts me to XCOM 2 like a planet of derpy sentients with a poorly funded space program attracts an imperialistic alien race that regards abductions, gene splicing, and human target practice among its nobler pursuits.Twenty years have gone by and your attempts back in XCOM: Enemy Unknown were all for naught: the aliens have won and teamed up with the collaborator turncoats among your species, bringing about the ADVENT, a puppet government that lulls the unsuspecting into a false sense of security while the alien occupiers are free to snatch up test subjects and declare martial law as they see fit, all under the friendly guise of the one they call “The Speaker.”"
76561198018670246,Recommended,268500,21142526,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Alinahlis,"Words fail me honestly. I was extremely nervous that this game wouldn't be able to live up to enemy unknown. I am also exstatic that I was so very wrong, to those of you who were fans of enemy unknown, this game is better in almost every possible way."
76561198041003571,Recommended,268500,25410329,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,darazel2001,"XCOM 2 is much in the spirit of its predecessor, XCOM: Enemy Unknown from 2012. For everyone who did not play that game, please skip to the next paragraph. If you played it: XCOM 2 is more polished, more diverse and prettier. It experiments with some new concepts like timed missions and concealment. This makes changes in strategy necessary. Personally, I highly enjoyed this. It is also more difficult. If you liked XCOM: Enemy Unknown, you will like this, but you'll need to adapt a little bit. I do not think that you will be disappointed.If you have not played XCOM: Enemy Unknown: XCOM 2 is a turn-based tactical game where you lead a small number of soldiers (generally 4-6) into missions against alien forces occupying earth. Combat is well-designed and missions take about 15 to 40 minutes, depending on your play style. Your soldiers will gain experience and level up in one of five different classes (only four available at the beginning of each game, and a sixth becoming available with one DLC) which will grant them increased stats and additional abilities (as chosen by you from two alternatives per level). Part of the game is making the different classes work well together. You will be able to customize your soldiers  appearance. The available mission types are diverse enough (rescue, kill everything, destroy device, protect device, defend base, protect civilians…) and maps are created randomly so things won’t become boring too quickly (I’ve clocked nearly 90 hours at the moment and am still highly entertained, even without looking into mods).Supplementing the tactical simulation is a strategic layer that features some base building, researching, budget organisation and mission selection. You will have to succeed at the tactical and the strategic level, since one will fall apart without the other. This aspect of the game is interesting enough, but the focus is more on the combat.The difficulty level is harder that one might expect, and I recommend beginners to start on the lowest difficulty setting. From there, it will take some time to master the game, but having one campaign on the lowest difficulty under the belt will open up the more advanced difficulties.I have mixed feelings about the DLCs. ‘Shen’s Gift’ and its content is arguably the best and I can fully recommend it. ‘Alien Hunter’ adds interesting new opponents (with a whole new mechanic regarding the turn system) that are a nice challenge for experienced players. I would not recommend this to someone new to the game, and at places the ‘flavour’ is also a bit non-fitting to the setting. The ‘Anarchy’s Children’ DLC is only about new optics for your soldiers, so if that is something you like, go ahead. It won’t add any real game content.All in all, this is a fantastic game, although there are some bugs to be aware of, especially in regards to line-of-sight. Still, I can fully recommend XCOM 2. It gives you a great time for the money you spend, and afterwards you can still modify the hell out of it with the available mods (which I haven’t even done yet). Have played it a great deal, will continue to do so. 9/10"
76561198059130933,Recommended,268500,25468752,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,WillingfordXIV,ADVENT Burgers are delicious9/10
76561198047104588,Not Recommended,268500,28105857,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,{EQ} R3vin,"I love Xcom 1 and i was very happy for Xcom 2 and this game would be amazing if it wasnt for the dame time limit on almost every misson. like i dont get to enjoy a mission without having to rush it, that just kind spoils the fun i play a game to relax amd injoy it not rush rush rush. another time limit problem is the avatar project from the very beginning of the game you have to rush every thing and dont have time to reserch the cool stuff in the game only the priority stuff. So my final opinon is the games is great but the time limits just runin the game for me Xcom 1 is in my opinon far better. ( sorry for any bad spelling or grammer im not good ar it)"
,Recommended,268500,21143038,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Leandersci,"Holy mother of PC glory.This game, oh this game, this is the greatest Turn based strategy game I have ever played. It is infinately better than Xcom: Enemy Unknown. Every PC gamer should own this game. Its all about strategy and shooting aliens so most people should be taken care of. With the steam workshop, modding the game is easier than ever, and modders have made some cool stuff already like extra weapons and abilities. This game is also one of, if not THE, most challanging game I have ever played. Even on easy, this game is brutal.Other reviews are complaining about turn timers, but in reallity, a lot of the missions dont have timers, and the ones that do, give you a totally fair amount of time. They are actually quite good at adding a sense of urgency, but they arent the biggest deal ever.The only issues I have with Xcom 2 are the load times, and the frame rate issues. I dont know if the load times will be fixed (I do hope so), but the frame rate shouls be straightened out shotly, or you can just turn down ""Anti-Aliasing"" and that improves it tons.You will not be disapointed if you get this game. I might want to wait for the price to drop a tad tho."
76561198061771585,Recommended,268500,24136731,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,joxertm22,"XCom2 was released almost half a year ago. It got completed a few days ago when cut out class sold through season pass was added to the game.The game can still crash to desktop, sometimes it doesn't react to your selection but you have to click through menus to the same thing a few times till it finds ""appropriate"" to do what you wanted, it still contains timewasting cutscenes that cannot be skipped and the worst of these bugs is when in the middle of a mission it gets stuck on aliens turn (VIP missions!) so you have to restart the whole mission. Reloading autosave in the mission or separate save if you made it won't fix it.Hell this is not Bethesda's game where critics deliberatley don't write about stuff like this!The game got different from first XCom, and not everything for the better IMO.UI is not acceptable. For example why do I have to cycle between my pawns and hacked bots? Why do I have to see animated close-up of the hack screen? Why are unit equipment, pockets and weapon upgrades in separate screens? Etc etc…Most of UI looks like console/phone idiocy! Didn't check if there is a mod that corrects this crap, but hope that SkyUI modders made something for this game too.Another difference from first XCom is turning the game even more into bloody roguelike. It doesn't matter what levels your soldiers are, it doesn't matter what tech you researched, the game doesn't care about your equipment and if you built ""wrong"" facilities your problem, pal. Soon after game start, a month or two ingame time, such hard mobs appear out of nowhere you can either let some of your crew die or fail a mission (of course you'll choose to fail a mission!). While at least you keep your buddies alive in those cases, this is a rediculous setup. Or, better choice, make mimics. A mimic is de facto a sex rubber doll, when aliens see it, they all want to… y'know, so while they're on it, you nail them one by one.Flush the balance down the toilet. Did Josh Sawyer work on XCom2?The game, unlike the first one, is made stressful too much.Some will defend countdowns, I just can't. Sure, I managed to finish all missions in time, but instead of relaxing and thinking about the best strategy, I'm constantly playing bull-through-the-wall. It's rediculous. And it's not just one mission, seems to me that half of them are timebased. It's a design fail and I've just installed timers disabled mod.The stress doesn't stop there. Some Avatar Project aliens launched and is in progress. You're constantly notified that if you don't react… And instead of contacting resistance, dealing with other threats (there are so called dark events that boost aliens if you don't react), getting intel and ressources, you're pressed into destroying alien facilities ""otherwise something very bad will happen"". Well shove off! I have enough of stress at my job with deadlines, so I've found another ""mod"" how to stop avatar crap from progress and installed that too.Percentages on shooting seem to work correctly, you'll hit most of times if it's 70% or above, miss almost always if it's lower than 40%.But on hacking? You hack a street scanner which drops will of all mobs. Then attempt to hack the biggest robot you've seen in the game so far. Your (unit's) hack skill is 100 and robot's is 80. You have a chance to succeed 80%. And you fail each and every time!One of your soldiers got shot. 3HP down. Another one too. 5HP down. You did the mission, returned.The one who suffered 5HP is barely wounded and has to recover for 3 days. The one who got scratched and lost 3HP is gravely wounded and has to spend 14 days recovering! What's even worse if you reload autosave prior to mission end and finish it again, wounds and recovery time can change for better or for worse!What kind of stupid design this is?Mods to the rescue… Just installed ""Its Just A Scratch"" that stops at least wounds being roguelike.That'd be bad parts.A good part? It's fun! And god help me, it's addictive. It's one of those ""I need to go to sleep, lemme do just another mission"" and after that ""okay, one more"".This is one of those games that could have been a masterpiece in right hands, but due to many design fails will be remembered as utterly flawed gem.If it's still on sale (deluxe edition, whih is complete edition was 45% off) buy it, you won't feel sorry.Now lemme return to it so I see which new ""boss"" the game will drop on my underdeveloped soldiers."
76561197971555397,Recommended,268500,24146513,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,roseknighted,"Such a great game, and an improvement over the first XCOM - really saying something as fantastic as that game was. The DLC adds even more to the game, with subplots, storylines, and wargear that link to the first game and give even more depth  to the game."
76561198023668004,Not Recommended,268500,24212918,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bror Jace,Yet another game where the developers dont know the difference between challenging and frustrating. Enemy units will overpower you no matter what you do and if you get ahead the computer will cheat.
76561198046985203,Not Recommended,268500,24400527,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,poxx,"The orignal XCOM was my favorite game of all time. I bought EVERY XCOM game since that release and they have all been absolutely terrible.... this being the worst. Slow, tedious, over complicated, terrible load times, terrible story, clunky, just bad bad bad BAD. How hard is it to take a game that works and make it better? Hell i would be satified with the orginal XCOM wtih update graphics over this piece of hot garbage."
76561198030812239,Recommended,268500,24429483,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,lifeondosadi,"Look. This game is hard. I'm a longtime fan of XCOM and played through EW and EU on the hardest settings, so I'm not exactly a newb although this game makes me feel that way at times. My advice: start on rookie and save scum at the start of each mission until you get the hang of it. Well worth the cost of admission; I've replayed several times already and the new DLC and mods make it one of the coolest games I've ever played."
76561197970731036,Not Recommended,268500,21311282,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,marbro,Buggy and slow!
76561198105056205,Recommended,268500,21349558,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Snippy,This game made me feel sad for the commander of ISIS having to deal with the♥♥♥♥♥♥that he does.;_;7
,Recommended,268500,21354549,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Marz,"Overall, very enjoyable game.The theme, aesthetics, music, and sound design are all brilliant. Awesome futuristic guerrilla warfare vibe. From the cutscenes to the stylistic loading screens, this game is cool.The gameplay feels very polished, with some clear improvements over the previous title, Enemy Unknown. Although, at the time of writing, there is still some room for improvements. I assume that some of the issues with line of sight, and general performance will get fixed.The loading times are long, that's a shame but acceptable, the maps are procedurally generated to an extend.The general performance is not very good though. For example there has been times where a really long mission has required me to exit the game, to clear up some memory from all the debris and corpses hogging the frames.Despite all of this I've completed the game, and had a fun time with it. If you enjoy strategy with some randomness thrown in, and an excellent management layer on top, then this is the game for you."
76561198284792423,Not Recommended,268500,21374934,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,gamer,"Do not buy this game if you liked the old XCOM or XCOM tftd. It's very dumbed down and lost all of it's grace. If you never played XCOM before and don't care for the old graphics, go ahead and buy it, it still has some of the original charm but not much.What used to be amazing in XCOM was the options you had, several ways to accomplish the same goal. You could recycle stuff on the field. You could use enemy grenades once you researched them, pick up corpses to sell when you needed money, hide behind a wall, vanish from sight when wounded, throw usable object at each other (a fun way to share medkits) you could choose the way you outfitted your men etc etc etc) this version lost all the finesse of the old games. The concept of time units is EXTREMELY simplified. The tech tree is still practically the same, nothing new there. The only interesting angle is that now you are part of a resistance rather than a governmental organization. My guess is that everybody who gave this game a high rating or score never played the old versions of the games..."
76561198040532580,Recommended,268500,21378202,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fuse,"Engrossing, gratifying and soul-crushing. These firaxis guys have mastered the xcom formula, this game is insanely addictive and exceptionally captivating, I love it to plasma induced death."
76561198103848702,Recommended,268500,21667274,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Vernotta,89% chances to hit.......missyep this is xcom
,Recommended,268500,21685913,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dat Datterson,"To all Nvidia users, if you found this game as slow as I did. Don't worry! Just get GeForce Experience, download the free driver and click optimise on XCOM 2 after it searches for supported games. It runs like a dream after that!Now that I've given you helpful advice I suggest you play this game right away because you've got to defeat those alien ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who took our planet. :)"
,Recommended,268500,21736903,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Moodyman90,"85% chance to hit means it's 50/50, Anything lower is a waste of ammo.95% chance to get a second hacking reward means you won't get it.Enemies will shrug off being on fire, covered in acid, panicked, etc, in a single turn, you'll be affected for the longest you can be.Murphy's Law is in fully effect, but only for you.Just as much fun as Enemy Unknown/Within, can't wait to see what else they add. 9.5/10"
76561198078366131,Recommended,268500,21827987,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,jerrylee22,"The game I wanted XCOM - Enemy Unknown to be.This game has very good graphics, a compelling story, and very unique and varried enemy design.This does not mean that Enemy Unknown was a poor game, but that this game, I believe, takes everything good about it and makes it better.Great sequel - highly recommended to newcomers and veterans alike!"
76561198006187879,Recommended,268500,21971382,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ROW ROW,"Just finished it. Loved it. It's a freaking X-COM. Improved and better. See aliens - kill aliens. Good luck, Commanders."
,Recommended,268500,22003623,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Docta McNasty,"XCOM 2 builds upon the idea that you failed miserably in XCOM: Enemy Unknown. And that is a damn good thing.Where to start... Well, the concept of having a mobile base is very good, as you actually feel like you're on the run from the alien overlords and their grizzly genetically-altered army. You need to collect resources in order to survive, and the different things you can discover while searching are pretty standard, but varied enough for them to fit perfectly. The only thing about this is that early on you can get overwhelmed with the amount of areas you need to search, which can lead to a slow start that gives the aliens an early advantage.The soldier customization puts most RPGs to shame and is easily the best part of the game. With the extensive modding community it is possible to create nearly any soldier you can think of. What other game can you have Halo's Spartans and the crew of Mass Effect's Normandy fighting side by side while the Gears of War decimate the aliens?The combat feels mostly the same as it did in XCOM: EU, but with a twist. The new concealed mechanic allows you to ambush first. But you need to be careful as you can end up getting ambushed yourself if you get overconfident. I think my only gripe with this mechanic is that you can run into enemies in the most bull****y spots, and it can ultimately screw you over for the rest of the mission. Luckily if you're like me, you'll end up saving scum and reloading. Fortunately you won't have to sit through the aliens murdering your soldiers over and over like with Enemy Unknown. You can reload a save during their go at you. That said, where is the Restart Mission button?Storywise, for my first playthrough I was intrigued with the way it was going. I liked the reveals, the twists, and the lore all the way through and it genuinely felt like the aliens were playing humanity like a flute. (damn you Speaker!) That said, the ending kind've feels the same as with Enemy Unknown in that it feels so ubrupt.Ultimately, if you're a fan of the series, you'll love this game. If you're new to the series, you'll love this game. It's the best of the series and with the extensive modding community it's only going to get better."
76561198060152032,Recommended,268500,22465741,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,tobbew,"As fun as the original x-com game (so far at least, first game had a ... steep... difficulty curve over time, but have not seen that problem in this one)."
76561198096718350,Recommended,268500,22636992,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,pedrofrigoli,"One of the best games I've played, so much strategy...Enable Ironman option is highly recommended, is better to play in a low difficulty with ironman than a hard difficulty without it.The amount of bugs on final mission was disapointing... even a couple of months after release I was still having bugs which were decisive to win/lose the last mission... too bad to reach the end on ironman and throw all your campaign to the garbage because these bugs... specially the grenades one."
76561198212634931,Recommended,268500,23143167,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,jbenson027,"The annoying performance issues with this game are well documented, but it is well worth the money if turn based strategy is something you enjoy."
76561198078139201,Recommended,268500,23496406,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Onyy,"Pretty sweet game, maybe not worth the price but close. If it goes on sale and you like yourself some scifi or strategy games I'd say It is worth it.-The gameplay is chill-graphics look damn good-story is comparable to a generic FPS story (so far)-The character customization is pretty fun to mess with but overall rather lackluster with only minor variations in most categories-Modding can add a good amount of spice to the game-having semi-destructable environments in a tactics based game is amazing. Give whoever had that idea a raise-feels like a more advanced, future/shooter version of chess"
,Recommended,268500,23566225,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Spearka,One of the few games in existence where you can have a mission where you can shoot your ex-bf/gf in the face as an objective.It's pretty okay
,Not Recommended,268500,23664459,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Zealot,"This wasn't the strategy game it was supposed to be. All the hype around new mechanics and better gameplay, but much of it falls into the same old pitfalls - and then some new ones that are even worse.Timed missions are absurd in both their frequency, and their difficulty. Forcing you to run head first into the great unknown because you have 7 turns to make it across the map and destroy the aliens is ridiculous, and it's fun (not) watching your squad get obliterated because you've nothing to allow proper combat after sprinting. The last mission is also comprised of considerable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Unlimited spawns, after fighting through half an army? I wish you luck on ironman - prepare to lose your playthrough unless you cheese it.Combat mechanics were a bit more sharp this time around, with concealment being a nice touch. The newly revised trees allow for some more fun and interesting builds, and I liked that. I did find the ""Shaken"" status to be frustrating considering the frequency of it, and how often the game rated my characters as being gravely wounded.Graphics and the likes were nicely done, looks good.Do I recommend this game? Not over Xenonauts, and not over XCOM:EW if you really have to play a Firaxis title."
76561198034239205,Not Recommended,268500,23800111,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cauthon88,"Turn 1: Initiate a perfect ambush from high ground with a grenade2 out of 3 characters miss when triggered from overwatch.enemies take their turn, leaving 2 characters dissoriented and my shotgunner mind controlled. Leaving heavy gunner by herself.Turn 2: Heavy gunner set to overwatch to react to Stun lancersStun lancer rushes Heavy gunner, Heavy gunner misses...again and becomes stunned.Turn 3: Aliens have their way with each character untill shame kills them.Do not pray to RN jesus...he is not listening."
76561198152020476,Recommended,268500,23800472,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,teutonic thot,Everyone devolves into a blind mole rat when you place the difficulty up.
76561198052452191,Not Recommended,268500,23832202,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,asthyril,poorly designed game mechanics makes this game simply not fun. do not recommend.  would get my money back if i could.
76561198133958203,Recommended,268500,23842852,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dragonlight Reaper,"9.5/10, amazing Strategy Game, challenging (Yes, even on Rookie), fun experience that one can not get bored of easily.One thing though...Don't start with Alien Hunters...DON'T ♥♥♥♥ING DO IT"
76561198076510229,Recommended,268500,23888368,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,presidentbillclinton,"If you were a fan of XCOM: Enemy Unknown, you will love XCOM 2. I feel like they have improved on all the aspects of the last game, and the graphics have been greatly boosted to a more realistic look. Tons of troop upgrade and customization options. Amount of weapon choices is comparable to EU. Awesome mods available ! :) IF YOU LOVE ENEMY UNKNOWN OR EVEN LIKED IT ENOUGH TO BUY IT, BUY THIS!"
,Recommended,268500,23890950,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ScatBukkake,great game especially if you liked the first in the rebooted series xcom enemy within/unknown. Its everything from the first game but better and a totally awesome upgraded and well polished machine like my squad is.
76561198007932213,Recommended,268500,23908343,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DoomKnight,great game one of the best XCOM games
76561198304056498,Recommended,268500,23963063,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,undeadpool88,"Game is great imo, a big change for the good from the first title, which of course I loved when i played on ps3. It changes up the gameplay style but adding a stealth mechanic to it for ambushing your enemies. You really feel like a commander leading your men into battle and managing your base. Def buy and replay value"
,Not Recommended,268500,24217013,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,jaerrico,"Game gets stupid hard. I really liked the first game and intially this one even more. Sadly I'm probably never going to finish this game. Even cheating by saving and reloading can't save you, it only makes death take longer.I wasted my damn money and this game isn't cheap."
76561198119471338,Not Recommended,268500,24217904,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dethica,"Ugh where to start. I gave Firaxis the benefit of the doubt for so long but I just can't continue to support this company when FIVE MONTHS after launch the same issues persist. I STILL cannot get by the ""level up"" screen after the first mission. Even if I wait to upgrade them later as soon as I try the game freezes indefinately. This game is unplayable still in its current state for me. And while I'm not on an insane rig it's pretty not bad.Firaxis has gone from the company of dev teams such as Larian Studios, Hinterlands, Campo Santo...But it seems the more ubiquitous comparison would be to Ubisoft and EA."
76561198000785358,Not Recommended,268500,21372001,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TheCombatWombat,"I'll be honest... I LOVED XCOM:EU. So much so that I've completed it multiple times, including on Impossible/Ironman, and on Long War. Everything I saw in the build up to XCOM 2 said that I should love it just as much. But I didn't, and for most of the time, I'm not even sure WHY I don't like it. An accumulation of little things, I think.For one thing, the story is based on the ""it was all a dream"" premise. In XCOM 2, the aliens won and everything you experienced from early mid-game in XCOM:EU was actually taking place in an alien simulation, as they pull tactical info and doctrine from your brain. I hate feeling like everything I did and achieved in XCOM:EU was wasted.For another, they've implemented a turn-counter on many missions that make success or failure into a largely luck-based affair. If you're lucky, the pods are spread out, you can avoid some activations, and you'll succeed at the mission. If you're unlucky, the pods are all in/around the objective, and you'll have to fight them all which is likely to lead to soldier deaths and/or mission failure.I was attached to my troopers in XCOM:EU, and I liked the classes. In XCOM 2, I just can't find the same level of attachment, nor do I like the classes as much. The Ranger is basically the Assault, but with a melee attack (which is minimally useful, unless you LIKE being out of cover right next to the enemy). The Sniper remains the sniper. The Grenadier is basically a weaksauce Heavy - Why the hell are you carrying a magazine-fed 'nade launcher, and only loading two of the six chambers?! Max two rockets, I could understand, those buggers are heavy... max two 'nades? Not so much. Sure, I know it's for ""balance"" reasons, but I'd rather have cool than balanced. And don't get me started on the Support - I detest the new hacking minigame. They could have done something really good, but instead, it's just another RNG roll.In addition, many of the aliens are sporting new abilities, some of which are complete BS. Just one example is the Viper's tongue-grab. They can pull your dudes out of cover into the open, from ridiculously long distances, with near guaranteed hits (I've never seen a miss, although I have seen some YouTubers get some), which pulls you into a grapple for a guaranteed 3 damage, continuing to the next round unless you can succeed at 30%-40% shots. Screw that.I'm sure there will be some ""Git Guds"" in response to this review, but they can sod right off. I found the game actively unpleasant to play, and frequently found myself feeling that the game was unfair - and that's coming from a dude who beat XCOM:EU on I/I, and never found it to be as unfair feeling as XCOM2. So take this for what it is.... I didn't enjoy XCOM2. If you have no problems with the issues I raised, you might. I certainly encourage you to try."
76561198056816596,Recommended,268500,21378423,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DJ Dank Roast,John Lennon is an evil alien.10/10
76561198284063236,Recommended,268500,21643892,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,buekur,"I love this game.  The normal mode was fun and challenging to complete.  I have tried the legendary mode on hardcore but have not gotten past the first couple weeks yet.  I really like the character customization too.  The PSI operatives are my favorite class; being able to mind control enemies is the best.  I recommend this game to anyone, especially those who played the original.  My only critisism would be that the game is too short.  I wish you could advance further and perhaps go to the Elder's homeworld and take over that planet as well, researching and manufacturing even more stuff.  Like the flying suits in the original games.  But maybe that's being held over for XCom 3."
76561198047573773,Not Recommended,268500,22888791,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,LT Slate,"humans transforming into zombie-blobs that run like track stars, double the distance you can move and still get an attack. or they'll jump buildings in a single bound, then run like track stars and hit you. cool mob but it's abilities don't mesh whatsoever. OH and they have 100% more HP and they regen.devs need to stop smoking so much pot. just one example of really poor ideas. these devs need to go play some paint ball or hire some soldiers to QA/QC their dumb ideas.oh, one more... this game is for you if you like leading a squad of so called professional's that can and often do roll a 1 (critical fail). Seriously, dudes a professional soldier and he misses in-flank, at-point blank range with a shotgun. purely stupid.it's predictable as well... next shot is through a wall and has a 12% to hit... BUT! I failed the last two shots... WTH give it a go! BAM! critical FTW LOL"
,Recommended,268500,23137767,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Durkle,Better than XCOM: Enemy Unknown in just about every way. Excellent mod support. Only problem is some poor performance in some areas. Must buy for fans of turn based strategy.
76561198006571736,Not Recommended,268500,23385109,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,col.s.ward,"Xcom 2 is a turned based RPG with decent production values. I love turn based RPGs and strategy games like this, but I can only recommend this game to people like myself, but not everyone. The game's overall production values are only average in my opinion, as a lot was recycled from X-Com 1. Also, I feel as though the story is not as strong as the origional. The game is harder than the orginal as well (at first), but then gets easier as your people get better armor and abilities.They cut some good things out from the original like shooting down UFOs, but they added some cool new weapons and powers. I also did care for maps with turn limits (you can get mods to fix that though) as sometimes because the maps are randomly generated, you could get a map that is huge in a bad starting spot and have it be near impossible to finish. Overall a good game, but it won't be everyone's cup of tea."
76561198106494807,Recommended,268500,23622400,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SaintSam,"If you are having second thoughts because of some bad reviews complaining about the difficulty, don't worry. Yes, the game is more challenging, however, isn't that what you expect after mastering the previews one? Besides, you can play on the ""Rookie"" difficult, which gives you a fair amount of hard work and lets you enjoy the story line without to much stress. Totally worth it. As good as the first one."
,Recommended,268500,23885569,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,sya-0000,if you enjoy turn based combat with alot of planning and patience.then XCOM 2 is a MUST PLAY.
,Not Recommended,268500,23936698,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Doso,"I loved the XCOM series and the first part of the remake was nice. XCOM 2 on the other hand was rather disappointing. The game had a lot of technical issues on release. The loading times in between missions are a real killer. I mean, i am seeing the inside of my ship, and it takes the game 1 minute to finish - what exactly? 8 GB RAM and a fast SSD and i am forced to stare at the screen in a strategy game...The game is very hard, even on easy mode. Some of the random missions are simply not possible. I have 7 turns to destroy something, and it takes me 6 turns to get close to it and a hoard of enemys is in between - wtf? This can be avoided with using mods, but if a game needs a lot of mods to even be enjoyable something is wrong."
,Recommended,268500,23970993,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RedDevilCG,Great game. Takes everything about the first one and imporves upon it.
,Recommended,268500,24042965,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Conqueror,"This is, in my opinion, the best game of 2016 (so far). It isn't just a fantastic strategy game, it's one of the best I've ever played."
76561198005376183,Not Recommended,268500,24057120,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Swagman,Xcom 2 is fantastic and then they put on alien hunters and ruined the game whoever thought this was a good idea should be shot or at the very least sacked
76561198005992023,Recommended,268500,24227626,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Vires Animus,"Definitely the BEST XCOM by far. Takes it to a whole new level and with the new expansions, it just keeps lifting the bar for future games.WELL WORTH THE WAIT!!!!"
76561198148884315,Recommended,268500,24063843,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,atticussky,"Don't listen to the bad reviews, if you enjoyed the last two xcoms and you are half decent at them, you will enjoy the game. Its definately more challenging than the last ones but thats a good thing. its pretty rad."
,Recommended,268500,24097150,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Noahwashere,A Very great game but has bugs
76561198050145517,Recommended,268500,24412398,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,huntard1337,"12/10 because 11/10 isn't good enough.  And if you don't agree, there's a mod for that."
,Recommended,268500,24566146,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Tavictus,If your debating buying xcom 2 let me just say its worth it.
76561198007455661,Recommended,268500,23008380,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Potatoheed,"Finished on Veteran (2 higher and 1 easier available). First of all, i loved it. I have played the previous XCOM plus all its DLC quite a lot, and was eagerly waiting this sequal.pros. If you like XCOM or any of it's successors or copies, you will love this. it is slick and well balanced. The Strategic map has much more desicion making than previously and the base building is smoother and more interesting than in the previous XCOM. The tactical game hasnt changed much, but there are more variety in the missions available, and the rewards for completing missions are balanced by penalties against those you chose not to do.cons. I found the research tree a bit limp. It felt like there was not much there and it seemed to all appear very quickly. Once i had a few high ranking troops and had worked out the standard alien tactics, their moves became fairly predictable and it became more of a chess game of setting up ambushes... I may need a harder difficulty.Will certainly come back to it. I am so far unimpressed by the DLC (Anarchy's Children and the Alien Hunters), but loved the Muton Centurion and the Leadership skills, along with a lot of the mod community's visual addons."
76561198145798599,Recommended,268500,21290767,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Cayfabechris,"This game is definitely playable, I get 60 fps on max settings (with FXAA and no v-sync) and performance is pretty good. I have a 4790k and 390, so I'd say I'm suited for good performance. Some of these people must be playing at too demanding settings for their rigs or their particulary rig is not well suited for the game. Decent optimization, nothing terrible, but it's not super smooth all the time. There are occasional dips but usually while loading a mission (SECRET: press cap lock to speed up the process of the long load time in the mission loading screen) and when you first arrive at a mission, but gameplay wise it seems to be just fine. There are bugs, none that are game breaking in my playthroughs, but they are a bit strange and take out you out of the experience (ex. screen randomly goes black during enemy turn while UI is still on, clipping through walls/objects, shooting targets directly and bullets go STRAIGHT THROUGH THEM WITH NO DAMAGE.) With all of these things in mind, the game is still excellent. It is more difficult than Enemy Unknown (I had to restart the first mission so many times, so I would definitely recommend starting out on rookie.) It's better than it's predecessor as it's more XCOM in new exciting ways. Customization is more personal now, though I wish there could have been more English with accents and a lot more faces (or sliders so we could do it ourselves.) At it's core, it's improved the XCOM formula and made pleased to be playing XCOM again after the first one got a bit stale (after 90 hours w/ Enemy Within.)  I highly recommend it."
76561198006626190,Recommended,268500,21354318,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Cypress Hill 92,Much better than EU but needs a little fixing
,Recommended,268500,21356161,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Afflatus,"XCOM: Enemy Unknown and its expansion Enemy Within successfully captured the old-school vibe of one of PC gaming's iconic turn-based strategies for a modern marketplace. XCOM 2 continues this trend, and provides everything you'd expect from a sequel to one of the greatest strategy games of all time.The premise of the XCOM series is simple: aliens are taking over the world, and it's up to you to lead mankind's resistance. Develop your troops, outfit them with stolen technology, and deploy them in strategic locations across the world to uncover the aliens' invasion plans, and hopefully stop them.However, an even bigger threat to XCOM 2 than aliens are its performance issues. You can expect dodgy console ports to run like bloated dogs but not PC exclusives! Firaxis says they are committed to fixing things, which is nice, but until that happens it's a case of buyer beware.Thankfully the game is stellar despite the performance issues. It's notoriously difficult, so f you're not the kind for careful planning, the difficulty of XCOM will wear you down quite quickly. However, if you've got the time and inclination to really sink your teeth into a real challenge - and can get past the performance issues - there's really nothing else out there like it.https://youtu.be/6UWh6FgA7ko"
76561197996329900,Not Recommended,268500,21038619,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Blake,Unlike most the only real glitch I noticed was the chance to hit percentages being off. Most times I would have high percentage chance to hit and would miss. Other time I would have low percentages and hit... That really did not bother me though.My Bigges issue with this game was that it felt like the dumbed it down from the first game. There was less content and less hours needed to complete the game.Sadly I had expected more content than the first not less.
76561198066597202,Recommended,268500,21286968,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,SpockEndil,"Very short review, just to post my positive recommendation.The game is better on almost all dimensions than its predecessor, which itself was one of the best games in recent years.  The graphics and sound are better, the strategic gameplay is better, and the tactical (battlefield) gameplay is at least as good; maybe better.The ability to mod the game seems pretty much limitless.  I made numerous small changes to enhance my immersion in the game just by editing the .ini files using a text editor.  I even created two entirely new, custom classes for myself by making simple .ini changes (because every game where humans face off against aliens with impossible odds should have a Master Chief and a Shepard).  I can only imagine what will be made available in a few months by talented designers using the game's construction kit.A couple of miscellaneous comments regarding frequently posted complaints:The mission timers that have created a sharp division of opinion generally haven't been a problem.  Overall they probably rate a slight negative because they're overused (individual experience may vary, based on random mission generation), although they create a welcome strategic challenge on the occasions when they make sense (e.g., stop aliens from blowing something up).I've seen frequent complaints that the game is too difficult.  I don't think that's accurate.  The game does, however, require somewhat different tactical approaches than the previous game.  The previous tactic of moving a few steps, setting overwatch, and baiting the enemy into moving into your killzone won't work on the timed missions.  On the other hand, the various types of soldiers now have powerful strategic synergies which I was only beginning to understand by the time I finished the game.  I look forward to building my characters on the next play through in a manner to take advantage of some of those strategies.Finally, some people do seem to have encountered genuine technical problems, but I experienced very few glitches; none of which persisted after a save and reload.I loved the final mission for multiple reasons, none of which I can mention without creating a spoiler.  It both leaves me wanting to start another play through (which I'm going to do right now), and excited for XCom 3.Edited to add:I really hate the stupid Steam-reported time played.  It only counts time played while on-line, which I usually am not.  I've played more than the 1.6 hours shown, or whatever it is now.  I started it four times, three of which I re-started after learning cool new things about the way the game worked, and one of which I finished after deciding that I had learned the game well enough to actually play it."
76561197972715835,Not Recommended,268500,21314575,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,jsheffer101,Unplayable garbage.
76561198088145938,Recommended,268500,21315867,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Grand Marsden,"I encourage you to play this game if you have some time on your hands. I was a fan of the previous Xcom game and found this to be a fantastic sequal, and as a game by itself I have found myself accidently playing for hours and hours more than I had anticipated. So yeah, it's engadging and immersive (provided you don't save-scum too much) and I even enjoyed sucking at the game and learning the game.One thing though, even if your a pro at turn based stratagy and the previous Xcom game, I would strongly advise you play through the tutorial at least for your first game. There's a MASSIVE amount of plot in the tutorial that you pretty much just miss out on completely if you skip it.Just a heads up.I look foward to seeing your continued success, Commander."
76561198013428665,Recommended,268500,21353164,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Fury,"Not entirely sure how this game isn't Posting higher % Positive Reviews. Maybe because it's a little more difficult then the remake?Procedural maps. Deep and non repetive gameplay. Fully customizable characters and memorials. Almost endless variety of enemy units and playstyles.I dono, maybe people thought it was an FPS? If you like turn based strategy games it's a must buy, that simple. Even if your not a fan of Turn Based, youl probably still have a blast."
,Recommended,268500,21364754,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Phobos,"This game is really fun. I recommend it, only because the gameplay outweighs the SHEER NUMBER OF BUGSShooting through ceilings, melee through walls, tons of wtf moments like grenades blowing things up outside their damage radius... TONS of animation and camera bugs. Slow-mo enemies and teleporting, broken soldiers....Like everyone says, it's sad that this has become the normal state for big game releases.I really DON'T want to recommend it because I hate that things get pushed out when they're obviously not done, but it's still so fun to play, to make characters, mods, etc. that I can't not.Not counting bugs: 9/10"
76561198283741629,Not Recommended,268500,21299924,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,popi90,"THE GAME IS VERY LAGGY , eventhough my com can support this game , the previous x com its much better compared . It was kinda hype for this game . However its a dissapointment  . but i still rate this game one of the best games in 2016. However , patch for the performance it need pls"
76561198063414031,Recommended,268500,21335169,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Spud,"54 hrs in and loving it. They added alot of cool features and I can hardly wait to see what modders do with it! Two issues you've heard alot about:!: Timers ----yeah not my favorite addition but they are managable and do really make you rethink your strategies. I play with them on as intended..if you don't like them there's a mod to adjust/remove them. Give it a fair chance before you mod them out though, I've come to appreciate them after learning the mechanics better.2: Performance issues---I can't really complain here as the game runs fine for me. There's obviously alot of talk about this but Jake said they're hard at work fixing issues. Don't let that stop you from picking the game up..its awesome.Absolutely recommend this game for XCOM fans and TBS players its freakin awesome!"
76561198035021601,Recommended,268500,21287642,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Freric,The road to victory is paved in the blood of rookies.(My memorial wall is out of plaques and my fallen soldier list has a scroll bar)
76561198023280025,Recommended,268500,21330810,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,holiday ham,If you're a fan of the og xcom you'll love this one. Some issues with sluggish load times and some weird gltches but it doesnt make the game not playable. I love how difficult it is from the start. When you progress it fits the story line of taking back the earth and not being op and never taking damage. I think it is a great game with lots of replay value.
,Recommended,268500,21315740,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Gh0stBUZZ,love this game but all the crashes is killing my ssd -*-
,Recommended,268500,21330389,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kiozon,Great contiuation of the story and I personally like the improvements to the game.
,Recommended,268500,21375343,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Warmarine,"Get this game, Even if this is buggy the time I write this, even if people don't like time systems. BUY IT. It's better than XCOM:EU (My 2012 GOTY). It's that bloody good."
,Recommended,268500,21739193,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,FiauraTheTankGirl,"A bit buggy but the bugs are worth it!  Also the devs are working on making a good game over making a money, they are going out of their way to fix the issues and I can appreciate that."
76561197984157194,Recommended,268500,21286629,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,drakien1,"Overall if you liked Xcom1 you will like Xcom 2, solid game play and a good story with a better world map. But the game feels a bit rushed. It doesn't have the smooth game play the first game had and really could have used another sprints worth of work.The good stuffGame play is funStory is excellentUnits, upgrades, mission all feel better than the previous gameUnit customization is awesome!Very challengingThe bad4 crashes through the entire gameslow transition between fights, game camera just seems to sit locked on a character longer than it shouldHorrid camera angles, behind walls, totally black, off the screen entirely. Really poor in comparison to the first gameGlitchy transitions between loads, sometime skipping a cinamatic"
76561198047109366,Recommended,268500,21287611,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Kenpothunder,Still waiting for a single player alien campaign.
76561198100760693,Recommended,268500,21290442,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,fitzadvocate,"X-Com 2.  Better than the first, but not as smooth.If you liked xcom 1, you are going to like xcom 2, its as simple as that.  Xcom 2 adds more customization and a completely different feel.  Its not about fighting the alien invasion, its about stealing some of their tech and trying to find out where you can do the most damage without being stomped on.  It's an insurgency. I like the story.The gameplay is mostly the same except its a little more complex. Think more options for weapons and more tactical decisions during gameplay.  I will say that even with my liquid cooled GPU the framerate drops to what I can only imagine are the low teens.  Suprising, given WItcher 3 runs great at high settings.  There are other techical glitches that everyone is complainign about.  Arms sticking through walls, camera zooming in on nothing, and once  almost had a siezure becuase the floor tiles all started to flash rapidly and I had to ultimately save the game and reload it to fix the glitch.One of the most annoying things is having the world screen take up the whole screen when you want to move to the world map. It is bright blue and flashes on the screen every time you do this.  Maybe im getting old but it hurts my eyes and gets annoying.I will probably beat it a couple more times before returning to Witcher to finish my Gwent deck.  I might have some different things to say then. The one thing thats missing?  THE UFO DOGFIGHTS!"
76561198205991412,Recommended,268500,24062249,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Fourier Spectra,"XCOM2 is a terrific game that has really gotten me into tactical-style combat. At first, this game was very difficult, but I learned eventually. The soldier customization is one of the best aspects of the game and the worst, but only because you really get attached to some of them! Luckily, you can save them and see them in future games you run! I haven't gotten around to playing much of the expansion content yet aside from playing around with the customizable features. There is also a lot of free mod content out there that is pretty sweet if you're into that sort of thing. There are a few of them that probably should have just been worked into the official gamecode, like being able to zoom in/out on the battlefield. Anyhow, enough rambling. Great game. I highly recommend."
76561198127803018,Not Recommended,268500,24332676,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Ragnarrrrrrrr!,"First things first:  I bought this game a while ago, and have racked up a number of hours of play.  What I have managed to play (and until DLC came out, that was a lot), was extremelly good fun, I've even managed to complete the core storyline.However, as more and more DLC has come out, the game has become more and more unstable on computers wityh NVidea graphics cards, and even with everything up to date on my machine (and a computer that far exceeds minimum system requirements), XCom 2 now crashes to the point that it is unplayable.  I've seen a number of people post similar comments on bug requests, that NVidea graphics cards crash while playing XCom2.  I was hoping that the developers would fix the bug that crashes the cards, but it seems that is a pipe dream (several months later, still no fix).So my review, as an owner of a computer with a fairly tasty graphics card from NVidea, if you are another NVidea user, don't buy this.  If you don't have an NVidea graphics card, then by all means, buy this game (if playable it's actually rather good)."
,Not Recommended,268500,24544754,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Mondale,"I'd really like to recommend this game, but the difficulty spikes on some missions are so absurd that I can't.  I have been defeated outright several times simply because the game decides that it's fine to throw late game enemies at you when you're just starting out.  I also have a hole in my wall because of such matters."
76561198029699689,Recommended,268500,24547528,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ketterking,"This is one of my top 5 games of all time!If you played EU/EW you have a very small idea of what the game is going to be like. I have a bit of time logged into those and thought I knew exactly what Xcom 2 was going to be like when it came out. Yes, you still move your soldiers from cover to cover and throw round after round at a superior alien race, but the whole atmosphere is different as you try and liberate a conquered and blinded planet. You most definitely are conquered. Fighting against superior weaponry and quite an advanced opponent, the game is a struggle, even in the latter stages. Cringing as you miss a 90% shot from 4 tiles away and cheering as you land a mile long snipe on a 13% shot through a car.Xcom 2 used to suffer from a lot of bugs and unoptimized related issues but the Dev team has been incredibly diligent at ironing out the game into the master piece that is truly is. Along with releasing DLC that is just more epic each time you play. You know full well what you are getting when one comes out, they explain very thoroughly what is in each bundle and show case it in many pictures. So, don't be deceived by the nay-sayers.Even if you don't like buying DLC, this game has such a great community that you don't have to spend an extra cent to get many more hours of enjoyment per mod. Long War is even releasing quite large mods which alter the game a surprising amount while remaining true to the basics of the game. I personally play with them all on after having played through Vanilla.Pros;- The vast amount of customization options with mods, dlc, and just the basic character customization tools.- Destructible terrain- The community with all its imagination.- Continuing release of stellar content.Cons;- The massive framerate and lag issues on release (Which have since been fixed to an unnoticible thing of the past)- Lack of an official Alien DLC with a handful of new aliens (Just would personally like to see some since there are a few missing from EU/EW)TL;DR  This is a great game, give it a try and look at the workshop for variety. Carefully look at the DLC which is fairly priced in my opinion as it describes exactly what you get, contrary to many gripes. Different atmosphere from previous titles and continuing to get even more fun as they release more content. Any issues with the game have been ironed out or are easily fixed with a little patience and a well-mannered note to the Dev team! 10/10Welcome back, Commander!"
76561197999189366,Recommended,268500,24822078,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ferenc.nyerges,"I have mixed feelings about this game.Pros:- new classes like ranger, specialist (->hacker )- random maps giving great replayability- good storyline and atmosphereCons:- a step back on macro-management- no real MEC development- base management ""dumbed down"" - I still miss the multiple bases with the ""city-builder"" elements- air fleet management still missing with planes, pilots, dogfights- spying system / ""diplomacy"" elemnts also missingOverall - I felt this game to be a kind of ""missin-shredder"" - select a mission / advance to a new sector, scan an area, get interrupted by another mission and see around what can be developed in an infinite loop.I'm a huge fan of the series - but I would rather see a blend of all the previous version in a next release, which would include all the strategic elements that was missed so bad here.The missions/land battle system are almost perfect - the higher strategy layer still needs development.I would still recommend it because of the good story / battle system and the ""XCOM-feeling"" which keeps the tradition of  the Enemy Within."
76561198011967710,Recommended,268500,24424010,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Japeteus,"This game is pretty darn good but i couldn't finish the game as the last mission seems to be buggy - for me it freezes near the end (I believe) every single time. No mods. After almost 90 hours the final taste is a bit sour, I'm afraid."
,Not Recommended,268500,22100048,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,int()Bl@ckDr@gon;™,"The game needs a lot of performance improvement and patching. There is a great game hiding behind the technical issues. I would suggest to buy XCOM2 after few notices about update which fixes  technical gameplay issues. I do have hope from 2k Game, their product is always amazing. But unfortunatel, I can't recommend buying XCOM2 at this time. It will hopefully change in the future."
76561198059919558,Recommended,268500,34612775,Posted: 30 August,all,Mittens,"MissedI didn't know it was possible to hate a single word this much. And yet, I keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,268500,34571284,Posted: 29 August,all,TheHardcoreGame,"This game is amazing. It has loads of replayability and all the mechanics just work beatifully. There are diverse aliens to fight, many different types of missions, and you can customize your soldiers so much. It gets even better with the war of the chosen DLC, almost doubling the content. If you enjoy good strategy games and sci-fi, this game is a must have"
76561198059544195,Recommended,268500,30113453,Posted: 22 February,all,Afromenace,"The trick is, you buy the game and play 41 hours over the course of a year.Then, Long War 2 comes out and you bump that up to 135 hours in a month.7/10 game that becomes 10/10 with the Long War 2 mod, would recommend."
76561198081034909,Not Recommended,268500,34511554,Posted: 26 August,all,snidelyclyde,"I want to like it, I really do. But I find myself frustrated with the game rather than enjoying it. RNG galore and missing on very high percentage can be aggervating annnnd then there's the doom timer making you feel rushed in a game that is supposed to be tactical and about planning. I did download a few mods in the hopes making the game more enjoyable but I still found myself facepalming and groaning on a regualar basis. Maybe i'm just bitter but for me it just doesn't seem to live up to it's  predecessor."
76561198053977758,Recommended,268500,30715546,Posted: 24 March,all,geesloper,Love it! A worthy successor to Enemy Unknown
76561198114015988,Recommended,268500,21193242,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Zimbabwe Salt Co. [Team 💯],"My grenadier: Guy ""The Firemen"" Montang missed a shot at a 100%.I've now made it protocol that all troops must wear a suicide vest so if they do miss they can be disposed of quickly.Got to love the mods available for this game. Especially the one that kills Bradford so you never have to hear him compare losing his sweater to the death of Dr Shen again. And yes that is an actual thing he will say if you stay idle when looking at the Avenger long enough."
76561198170352619,Not Recommended,268500,29722826,Posted: 5 February,all,SlicedBread0,Crashes all the time
76561198262056593,Recommended,268500,21191271,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kermit the Hutt,Fun.
76561197978002934,Recommended,268500,21194896,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,cblue19,"Wouldn't even play on my 4 year old laptop. It started smoking and shooting sparks. Luckily my desktop is decent enough to actually play it. . I have a squad of purple-clad soldiers rocking aviator glasses. They are a force to be reckoned with. As a sweet bonus, there's a really good strategy game to play if you get bored with the character creator."
76561198137166173,Recommended,268500,23324348,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,は,"Haven\'t played the game for that long yet, but this game is amazing so far. XCOM is the type of game that stays around for a long time"
76561198041404771,Recommended,268500,20970582,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Thepieintheface,
,Recommended,268500,21224211,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,GAY BOI CLIQUE,"Amazing game, only problems are a couple of visual glitches and not amazing performance, but other than those 2 issues, this is one of the greatest games I have ever played."
76561198049661762,Recommended,268500,33859818,Posted: 28 July,all,Wizard_Party,"A lot of people are negatively reviewing this game based on its difficulty, the rushed nature of the game, timers on missions and the fact that they are missing shots at 90+% and thats fine because when an item drops on the ground but you gotta get to the chopper else your most badass character gets left behind... that♥♥♥♥♥♥is frustrating as hell... I get it, but at the same time... 90% is not 100%, ♥♥♥♥ 99% is not 100% there is still a chance of failure, and you gotta do whats best for the mission. there will be more items its not the end of the world...:D... Xcom 2 and Xcom: E U are two different scenarios. in the first one you are fighting off the alien menace while still having control of earth. In 2 you have failed and now the aliens control earth, and you (commander and xcom) are working as an insurgent group bombing strongholds and taking out enemy leaders. So it makes sense that things are a little more urgent in xcom 2. I'll agree that this game is DEFINITELY harder than enemy unknown. I used to exclusivly play on iroman mode... in 2 i cant do that, your highest ranked soldiers WILL die, and when that happens you are ♥♥♥♥ed, and the time limit is annoying, I'll agree with that as well. In the end though, this game has so much going for it (except mech suits from enemy within T.T) that you should be able to over look the ""downsides"" to this game. plus there was always those same moments where you missed a 95% shot in the origional so i don't really know where that complaint is coming from.PS: the custimization in this title is INSANE! cigars, eye patches, scars, tattoos, and HATS, HATS, HATS! whats not to love?!PSS: I'm also wondering if people come from grand strategy games to smaller scale tactical strategy and get mad because they are not as good at the latter of the two? tactical strategy and grand strategy are completely different in my opinion and that should be taken into consideration when purchasing this title."
76561197985870592,Recommended,268500,34633454,Posted: 31 August,all,ebecraft,"The game is good, but I feel like I have played it before."
76561198061728984,Recommended,268500,34660268,Posted: 1 September,all,Debellatio,"I played XCOM ever since the old days and these new XCOM, at first, didn't sit well with me. Two actions instead of the Action Points was too weird for me and I stopped playing after 1 hour. However, I went back to test and got hooked.Both games are really good, but this one, XCOM 2, is even better. The DLCs add some flavour to it and you can get some mods on the workshop to improve even more your experience. Replayability is not an issue.I highly recommend this game. Even in full price I think it's worth buying.I didn't like only the cyber punk clothes and styles from one of the DLCs, these are garbage. The rest is great."
76561198121996221,Recommended,268500,34659049,Posted: 1 September,all,KillThunder!!,Bought the gameDownloads itIt opensNew GameShows some common AliensI am like that would be ncFirst MisiionRescues a manWell that man Is you or meThe commanderA soldier Diessad reacts only :/Progresses ingameMore soldier typesWow a robotic♥♥♥♥♥♥that hacks and does stuffWow a woman that has a robotic katanaWow a grenadierDamn this game is nice(Saves for 125 times)(Goes Back to the beggining of the mission so i can start it again)Wow a dlc based on this game DamnnnWow wtf is that AlienWTF THAT ROBOTIC♥♥♥♥♥♥IS MOVING AND SPITING ACIDDAMNN I DIDNT REALISE THAT I WAS PLAYING A STAR WARS GAMEwell ireccomend this game
76561198003721915,Recommended,268500,34715824,Posted: 3 September,all,Pokryschkin,Great strategy game. Exceeded my expectations.
,Recommended,268500,29145966,Posted: 9 January,all,Krishh,"Improves on the first one in most aspects, particularly the improved geoscape, the randomized maps and missions and the addition of the timers."
,Recommended,268500,34658113,Posted: 1 September,all,Navarro,"I was skeptical about XCOM2. The notion that the alien won the war lead me to suspect the game was taking a dramatically new direction, and I wasn't sure that the developer could do so effectively. There was no underground base anymore: you're on a ship, travelling from region to region - even that worried me. When I saw that the game was no longer ""spooky"" or intimidating, I was very much dissapointed. When I saw many of the enemies had been reimagined, I was troubled again. When I saw that completely new enemies had been created, which look less classic alien lore than they do irrational scifi fantasy molded to appeal to teenagers (Shieldbearer, Avatar), I was greatly concerned.Watching gameplay, I observed that units look more like teenage fashion models than soldiers. That the customization options concentrated on teenage apparel and exotic fantasy appeareances. There were no standard kevlar helmets, but there were dozens of mohawks to choose from. I saw that the game's launch was plagued by bugs. I saw that the DLC concentrated on additional non-militaristic apparel, and ""rulers"" who were players weren't entertained by but instead immensely frustrated with, to the point of disabling the DLC which they had purchased. I saw the mission timers and was frustrated by the idea of being forced to abandon the tactics of scouting and bounding in favor of sprinting blindly into the unknown, because there's no time. I saw the doomsday clock, wasn't sure what it was about or how to deal with it - it was less straight-forward than the previous XCOM incarnation. I saw the immense number of complaints in the forum, and I saw the developer responding to many of those complaints with bans, not solutions. I was very worried that the game was bad, and that it wasn't going to be improved.Then I saw the game on sale, at a substantial discount. I hadn't even played the game, but I felt that I already disliked it. I decided to give XCOM 2 a fair chance. I bought the game. After installing and starting XCOM 2, it crashed on the strategy screen, before even my first mission. That was absolutely not the last crash. I found myself disappointed again and again. ""Soldier"" appearances were even worse than I had I believed. Graduating beyond the basic gear, the armors and weapons look increasingly ridiculous, and are unmistakably ridiculous by the final tiers. Mods were absolutely necessary to remedy this, because with all the DLC offered, it was apparently never thought to offer realistic kits beyond the basic gear.In a game of tactical warfare, emphasizing the use of cover and concealment, one would think a larger emphasis would be placed on gear which looks like what you might expect the soldiers of the future to wear. After all, several counties are already developing full armor suits, combat robots and so forth - one need only look at these publically viewable protoypes to estimate what the future of combat will look like. Instead, they abandoned realistic gear and camoflage for elaborate fantasy appearances, with even an assortment of lights on their gear to ensure any enemy would see their soldiers long before the player's soldiers see the enemy. Instead of looking at military gear for inspiration, they looked at Fallout, teenage fashion and cartoons.None of the improvements I would have expected were present. An entirely different direction was pursued. The developers didn't increase the spooky atmosphere to an experience of sheer horror, but the spookiness was instead abandoned entirely. They didn't better embrace alien lore to produce enemies with appearances and behavior comparable to the decades of UFO/abduction reports, or classic alien films. They didn't offer a uniform manager, so that, as military organizations do, the player could quickly equip every member of his/her squad with the same appearance - a uniform. Luckily, there's a mod for that. The game doesn't inform the user of the environment the squad will be deployed into, so that appropriate camoflage can be utilized. Luckily there's a mod for that too. They didn't make it so that there's bonuses based on the camoflage/colors used in unit appearances, for example a concealment bonus when wearing black at night. There's no reconnaissance drone allowing for constistent observation of the battlefield, despite that the game's Gremlin drones could have offered such a capacity very easily, and in fact nearly do - except the Gremlin can only surveil once per operation. Being able to scout ahead consistently via UAV would have been a great improvement. Luckily, there's a mod for this.In general, the story's short and it's not very interesting. The ending is disappointing, but I won't spoil that. However. The game is very familiar. It's also entertaining. With the aid of mods, one can overcome the majority of this title's shortcomings. There will still be crashes. You can even mod out the doomsday clock and battle timers, but I've found they're nothing to worry about. I've never lost a battle because of running out of time, and I've never lost the game because of the doomsday clock, or at all, for that that matter. The maps are now generated randomly, which means that sometimes they will be greatly unbalanced, if not impossible. I've played at least one impossible map, where after landing my soldiers, I was surrounded by an extensive horde of powerful enemies. Three ""pods,"" to be exact. They each had cover nearby. My soldiers didn't. It was near the beginning of the game. It was, I believe, four squadies kitted with basic gear, standing in the open, with no cover available, against nine entrenched adversaries, in the first turn, on Rookie difficulty. I've played several battles which were ridiculous, on Rookie, Veteran and Commander difficulty, but that none were ever as bad as that one. Many were difficult, but none were impossible, aside from the one which I just described.If you're skeptical about XCOM 2, don't be. It's very similar to the previous incarnations and if you enjoyed those, you'll like this. Whether or not the DLCs are worth buying, however, is another question entirely. Definitely buy the base game. If the game's bundled at an amazing discount, then go for the bundle. You can disable to DLC if you find that it's frustrating for you, or you can avoid the leaders without disabling the DLC by never bothering them in the ""nest"" mission. They won't appear in any of your battles if you don't. If you're a fashion minded teenager or a kid who things gothic style weapons are cool, then the DLC is definitely for you. The base game is definitely worth buying for anyone who was interested enough to read this full review. If you read all of this, I guarantee you won't regret buying this XCOM 2. It's fun, despite its many problems."
76561198069479916,Not Recommended,268500,30297625,Posted: 3 March,all,angeloscosgrove,"I was an xcom fan. played this game since the early days in the 90s. Loved xcom: enemy unknown. Even bought it on android..Xcom 2 made me hate it.  . If you want a game that every mission is on a timer, this is the game for you"
76561198008756406,Recommended,268500,25165145,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Nightbreed,"One of my favorite games 200+ hours of play time, and with the available mods/modding I can keep going back and playing over and over"
76561198041743521,Recommended,268500,25232397,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Bart,"I really have to say: I like this game. I play on Commander difficulty and soon I will start on Legend difficulty.Now some pinpoints:+very interesting story+great tactical challenges+good (but not great - no micromanagement) possibilities of the base management+random generated maps (the lack of this feature really brought down 2012 X-Com's replayability)+some timed missions but always enough time if you know what you are doing and how to play+fully generated maps also apply to the MP, so there is no more type of gamer ""I will learn by heart where to put my troops on ""bar"" map.- STABILITY ISSUE - sometimes game randomly crashes during combat (it happens even more often in multiplayer mode)- PERFORMANCE ISSUE - even with 8 GB of RAM and almost all possible software disabled or turned off (including of course all browsers) I'm experiencing some RAM related issues and long loading times-with time you will get a band of super, uber-human never dying squad of heroes with incredible skills (similarlly like 2012 X-Com) - it's far from reality and real combat situation (classical X-com had this feeling - soldiers would die in a combat with aliens all the time as they would normally do and no ""inhuman"" skills were present; just some stats improvements with higher ranks)-no micromanagement AT ALL (again classical X-com had plenty of it - you had to make sure that you didn't forget to take ammo for your soldiers for the mission, you had to account for available space in Skyranger, you had to make sure that you have enough living space in a base for your personnel and storage for gear and items, and you had to even account even for travel time - if you recruit new soldiers they will not magically appear at your base in no time just like they were already walking impatiently around by the entrance just waiting to be enlisted...-if you lose your entire squad of super heroes for any reason you can expect to lose the game (campaign) in general.-unfortunately most of the tactical activity (with the exception for alien rulers) can be summed up in this simple scheme: move a soldier in your squad, trigger ""combat situation"" with 3-4 aliens, deal with them (kill them all or at least most of them - it's your turn), repeat unit success...-in multiplayer you can build your squad only from predefined characters now - there is almost 0 customization now, not even armor type or weapons. You can choose only from few items (vests, granades etc) - it's a big step back comparing to the 2012 X-Com (oversimplification)In general it's a great game and I had tons of fun with it. It may not seem that way after reading all those negative remarks but please be advised that I'm very demanding person. I would give it 82% if I was a professional reviewer. I would love to see next X-com with more connections to the classical game (more ambitious, better designed, more challenging, micromanagement) but of course with all bells and whistles of the current age and graphic cards possibilities."
,Recommended,268500,30304778,Posted: 3 March,all,Floydy,"Ok, so make no mistake, this game is brutal - once you get your head around that it's awesome, but it can be tough getting to where you're loving it instead of throwing your hands in the air - especially if like me, you want to play in Iron Man mode (perma-death).I played XCOM 1 & its expansion to completion at Normal difficulty (Iron Man), and it honestly feels like XCOM 2 starts where there one left off in terms of difficulty. I would honestly recommend to anyone who hasn't played XCOM 1 all the way through to start with that game first - otherwise you may not get the practice you need before you give up with this one.Now I always play XCOM in Iron Man mode, because I believe its the way the game is meant to be played - not because I like pain or think I'm l33t, but because I detest games where you reload over and over to excuse bad luck. Not everyone has this playstyle, but if you do then DO NOT BELIEVE the descriptions of the difficulty levels! After 13 restarts on Normal (Iron Man), I finally conceded and started on Rookie level (Iron Man), and am finally able to enjoy the game. My advice is to anyone playing this game for the first time, play it on Rookie, and only if you beat it easily go back and choose a harder level.So why is this game so brutal compared to XCOM 1?Ignore people saying it's broken, or unfair, or completely random - it's not (I've encountered only 1 mission bug so far in 33 hours playtime). Nor do you need a completely different play style to XCOM 1 to beat it - unless your XCOM 1 play style was to either rush into everything or take 50 turns to complete a map. It's just quicker to punish your mistakes, and punish your mistakes it will.There are many subtle things to be learned here that you may have only vaguely cared about in XCOM 1. Don't move too far ahead in one go - being isolated is often fatal. Don't group your troops too close together either. Worry A LOT about bringing extra enemies into a fight you have under control. Learn to ambush your first contact with concealment whenever possible. Learn to use grenades and grenadiers to shred armour first. Learn flanking, but don't flank and die. Learn that sometimes you HAVE to rush to your objective despite the risks, because NOT rushing is going to lose everyone. And so on and so on.The learning curve of these critical subtleties is very steep, and I would say even if you've played XCOM 1, not because you have. The only thing you need to unlearn from XCOM 1 is being careless. :)But what's REALLY brutal in this game, is deaths, particularly at the start of this game. Losing a Rookie or Squaddie early on in XCOM 1 was no big deal - you'd be winning the first 20 missions easily anyway. But the vicious circle even one death early on unleashes in XCOM 2 is harsh - even if you get out of that mission, from each moment thereafter you are behind the curve, trying to have soldiers with enough health and abilities to survive the next mission, and there's a good chance you will NEVER catch up, and everything you develop will be too late and too slow. I would go as far as to say if you lose more than 1 of your 'best' soldiers in the first 10 missions or so, you're going to really struggle.So my recommendation? Buy this game, set difficulty to Rookie, and if you loved XCOM 1 you will love this more - there are so many neat polished touches over XCOM 1 and the added customisations of the soldiers is an XCOM 1 player's dream.Just expect to restart (or reload), and do that again and again, and again ... until you learn how to be more careful. :)"
,Recommended,268500,25212867,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Maddy Caddy!,Took me about 92 hours to finish the game for the first time.It's alright.
76561198050932252,Recommended,268500,34721746,Posted: 3 September,all,The Mediator,"95% chance to hit? Congratulations, you missed.1/7 shots hit targets with no cover and hit for the minimum amount of possible damage.Radom Behemoth Aleins com out of nowhere is disable 3/4 of my team in one turn.The game just crashed right when I finally started doing well, so I am writing this review.I am on rookie, which is the easiest mode in the game."
76561198125153840,Recommended,268500,25127940,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Killerkitty641,"This is a fantasitc game. No longer are you the best-and-brightest of humanity, battaling it out with the aliens wherever you find them. You are hunted by a alein-controled overlord system known as ADVENT. You have to strike from the shadows and prevent them from reaching their ultimate goal... It is a very difficult game compared to EU, and in a different way to UFO Defense. In UFO Defense, you loose lots of soldiers early on because the aliens are so advanced. In Xcom 2, the loss of a single soldier in your 4-person (6 with upgrades) squad is felt more keenly, because they are experienced and if you fail the mission and leave the body behind, you loose all the gear from that soldier.Also, lots of people have been complaining about bugs. I have only experienced a few minor bugs, such as position locks for soldiers (entirely visual, doesn't affect gameplay) and 1 positioning/ line of sight bug, where some ADVENT in a building saw my sniper through a floor and went up to kill him (he survived). That was the only time. The ""position lock"" was when a viper tounge-grabbed my specialist behiind a car that was on fire. When it exploded, it killed the viper and injured my soldier, leaving them in the lock position.Also, loads of great mods. They can really improve the experience, especially Long War's alien addon pack (adds more aliens)."
,Recommended,268500,34660546,Posted: 1 September,all,Yourgirlspapi,Best Game cuz i hit a 9% shot. 10/10 would gamble my shots again
76561197994605854,Not Recommended,268500,21447602,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,PadainFain,"It's an absolutely brilliant game but it has far too many bugs. Lines of sight appear where they shouldn't and don't appear where they should. The animations lock up all the time. The camera pans during animations so that you can't see what's going on. These are not occasional irritations, they are constant. The game should not have been released in this state.It's also extremely slow to load and runs your PC far harder than its graphics or AI have any right to. Badly coded, badly buggy. I recommend you buy it in a year or so when it's half the price, the bugs have been fixed and a modest rig can get some appreciable FPS."
76561198092271760,Not Recommended,268500,30469622,Posted: 12 March,all,MoonLite,"I recommend this game if only you mod it and play the Long War 2 mod. As it is the vanilla version pales in comparison to the 1st xcom with more graphical and ui bug than I expect. The game loading time as well as frame rate drop is very attrocious for what it is and I experienced game freeze during almost every loading screen despite how my rig is more than capable for this game.Gameplay wise they made some change I agree with and some I don't. I like the addition of the conceal since it speeds up the relatively monotonous point man-squad movement in xcom 1 even though that is still the optimal approach. The timer was also a very nice addition but poorly implemented because they are very punishing early game but a snooze late game due to lack of scaling.The class balance is very poor with the specialist being a relatively throwaway heal class that you must take sometimes to complete mission, ranger sword also a throwaway, psi operative is pretty strong but because of long training time you will never use it in a normal campain unless you stretch out the campaign length. Ranger shotgun is overpowered as well as grenadiers though not as much.Game is easier cause the enemies are easier compare to xcom 1. I only struggle with 2-3 types of enemies mostly cause of their gimmick compare to xcom 1 which only the sectoid while still mildly threatening, is relatively safe to ignore."
76561198329669179,Not Recommended,268500,34677912,Posted: 1 September,all,!Defender,"The fixes in WoTC are for WoTC only they don't fix the base game bug u have to buy expansion for base game to be fixed i like xcom,having bought Xcom:EU in GOG and xcom 2 in steam i don't like it if having to pay twice for bug fixes."
76561198063698238,Recommended,268500,20981375,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Jen From GenSec,Yesterday at about...12:32...I said goodbye to my social life.
,Recommended,268500,20981127,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Capiroto,"Overall the game is good, i feel like it can be an amazing game after a few patches and the addition of some mods, but as it stands it is just good, i'll list the reasons why below;- The game feels a lot more linear, and artificial, getting rid of the old globe mechanic was not a good decision, i understand making bases and intercepting UFO's do not fit in Xcom 2 but it could have been adapted to the new needs. The new ""zones"" feel a bit artificial especially when you have to unlock one to go to another...yeah, its not like i have a flying base that can go anywhere.- Unecessary amount of timed missions, so far, most of the new difficulty ""upgrade"" that was claimed by Xcom 2 comes from almost every mission being timed, to a point where it is unreasonable and plain illogical (ie.: I have a certain amount of time to hack a data hub, even if the enemy has no clue i am even there, the time should be triggered by detection.), it makes me think that the aliens are super paranoid with some crazy-timed-self-destructing tech, and not that they conquered earth.- This next complaint comes straight form the Xcom EU/EW games,...why are the aliens still getting a free turn when they get spotted (or spot someone)? It is just a cheap way to give the AI some help. Thankfully i am sure modders will fix this.- Rush, this is more on the personal side than on the technical side, the game feels very rushed, timers on missions, cheap plot accelerating mechanics, some illogical progression jumps on the plot (ie.: The aliens do not even know if the new Xcom is a true threath yet risk all the mascarading that took them years to build up, just to go all out guns blazing on 30 something humans with a crazy plan?), i feel like this new setting took away some of the old Xcom vibes, wich is good on a innovation standpoint and bad on franchise-player relation.- And lastly and the least important factor here, visual bugs, sume stutter in cutscenes and action cameras, some texture popping here and there, nothing too serious that some patches wont fix, but still there.- PS.1: Poison spit and AI meele going through walls.Still, good game with a bright future ahead, especially with the new modding support."
76561198025906143,Recommended,268500,21206262,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,8-bit,"The original X-Com was my first game on CD-ROM, which I have kept along with the box and booklet all these years. I've played it through more than a dozen times, along with many other iterations of X-Com and X-Com clones. I also liked the 2K version of XCOM pretty well, but . . .XCOM 2 has completely blown me away. It is quite possibly the best game I have ever played."
