user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,268540,18100295,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Faudraline,"""I should have fed him in time...""The Whispered Worldis one of Daedalic Entertaintment's adventure titles, and promises a lot as it starts, yet fails to keep any of those promises throughout the game itself. I wasn't expecting an experience as grand asMemoria, but at least hoping for the kind of quality in story and display of beauty as we encountered inChains of Satinav. What I encountered, was beautiful potential spent badly on a sad little clown.The storybook opens and a worn-out narrator warns us that this will be the last story that he'll be telling ever. Then, we meet Sadwick: the sad little clown. He is a misanthropic, pessimistic and annoying little boy who runs a circus alongside his brother Ben and his grandfather. One morning, Sadwick jumps down from his bed, shaken and terrified of a nightmare that indicates the world is ending. Oh, wait! According to a messenger of the King that Sadwick will be meeting in the forest, the world IS ending for reasons that we are not aware yet. The messenger Bobby advices Sadwick to seek Shana, a mythical oracle that resides in the forest who can interpret Sadwick's dream. With a quest at hand, Sadwick's journey towards the unknown starts...I'll start with my most basic complaint: the game doesn't work properly! There is an odd clicking bug that starts the minute you run the game, and keeps haunting you until the very end. You have to click on something 5-6 times for the game to acknowledge that you are clicking on it. It is hellishly annoying for a POINT AND CLICK adventure game. The puzzles themselves are obscure and random enough, and you never know whether you're trying the wrong item combination, or just game doesn't register your clicking. On that manner, it is impossible to finish the game without divine persistency and a walkthrough.The background art and the interface music are pretty, as if taken from a German folktale. But characters and the style of art chosen to illustrate them are off putting. Animations are broken half the time, and the lip synch with the audio is non-existent. It takes forever for Sadwick to walk with the given animation. It seems all these issues are commonly known for the ""Special Edition"" and no solution has been offered for now.As a character, our protagonist Sadwick is incredibly annoying and lacks personal depth. His voice is off putting - and drives you insane since we'll be with him only until the end of game. There is no logical correlation between story progression and any kind of visible personal growth either. Nothing justifies his choices, and nothing explains them either. There is also no observable reason to Sadwick's endless vailing or suffocating pessimism to begin with. Sadwick is a character which is impossible to empathize with. He is basically shallow.As for Spot's - Sadwick's victimized caterpillar - transformations and the way that Sadwick treats him, I found it to be disgusting. Poor little thing is literally tortured to even achieve given transformations! He is sliced, pressed and burned numerous times without even a single complain! He is even nailed to a rack as part of a puzzle nearing the end of the game. If I were to be Spot, I'd tell Sadwick: ""♥♥♥♥ you! ♥♥♥♥ you for being a selfish and miserable fool! ♥♥♥♥ you for putting me through all these ordeals! You don't deserve neither my loyalty nor my affection! I'm done with you, Sadwick! Go play the part of the sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on someone else! ♥♥♥♥ you!” Whew, sorry. I gotta get that off my chest.I definitely don't recommend this game, for its broken controls, its annoying protagonist, its sick sense of humor, and definitely for its dramatized yet shallow ending. Sorry, guys and gals. I finished this game through sheer willpower and an obsession for completing a story that I started. I love the next Daedalic adventure just as you do, but this one doesn't worth it.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,268540,17608629,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,I'm Not Sue,"I found this to be a very charming point-and-click adventure game.  The focus of the story is on a depressive child clown by the name of Sadwick, who departs from his family circus to avert the end of the world from coming to pass.The story is more of a whimsical one, but the game is not a comedy and does take itself seriously.  You get a nice amount of character growth from Sadwick and the course of the story has you meet new and interesting characters in each scene along the way.  The amount of depth to each character you meet was pleasantly surprising, and at least a few really made for some happy smile-inducing moments and the German voice acting is quite expressive (see my note below) .  The environments are very beautifully drawn and in-game animations are very good too.  There are some cutscenes which have less polish, looking maybe more like a 90's cartoon but overall did not detract from the experience for me.  The music is quite good, even if some of the tracks are re-used a few too many times.Game ran just fine, but doesn't alt-tab too well.  Saving, mouse controls, the GUI are all perfectly fine.  The game has no failstates, and you can hold Spacebar to highlight interactables.  This game does have a fair few number of puzzles that are not easy to intuit the solutions for, so you will likely have to resort to a guide more often than you'd like.  This is par for the course in adventure games, although the par is a bit high in this game.I also wanted to address a few complaints I saw a lot in other people's reviews.Performance : Many users complained of the game failing to launch, launching to a black screen, or crashing.  I never once had any such issue.  I hope others who do are able to resolve theirs.Sadwick's walking speed : Some users complained that Sadwick walks too slow.  In most adventure games you can double-click on screen transitions to automatically trigger them.  You can do that in this game too, so its possible those users did not know.  Sadwick walks at a fine pace otherwise, no scene is especially large bar one and even then the transitions in that area are numerous.Voice acting : I heard that the English dub VA for Sadwick is unbearable and whiny.  Given his personality in the game I could see why this might be, so I used the original German voice acting and enjoyed it thoroughly.  I have no problems with using the German VA.Broken audio : Some users comment that audio seems to cut off abruptly at the end of some spoken lines.  I cannot comment on the English audio, but this is sometimes noticeable in the German audio. I did not find it common enough nor disruptive enough to say it was any significant detriment, although the developers should fix it if so.Controls : Some users complain the game fails to register mouse clicks.  I never had this happen, but you do have to hold down the mouse button to open the small interaction menu.Story : Some people just don't like the premise or character personality, or how the game ends.  That's fine, its just down to taste.  I enjoyed it, others will not.All in all, I would recommend it.  I very much enjoyed myself.  About 10-12 hrs playtime."
76561198038132122,Recommended,268540,32652951,Posted: 22 June,all,ForestWolf,"Rating: fair (6/10)IntroductionThe Whispered World is a tricky point & click adventure of a sad joister called Sadwick. He is accompanied by his pet catapillar Spot and tries to save the world, while the prophecy says he will destroy it instead.Gameplay & Story: 6/10The story is quite simple at the start and gets a bit more tricky a the end, but nothing too serious though. Every quest in this game is connected to progressing the story, so you basically gather all the needed items, combine them and place them on the right spots to progress in the game. Some side quests are more intersting to fulfill, while others feel a bit repetative especially when you have to get to one place, just to get an item that you needed in your first place anyway. The end has a sweet touch to it, to actually bring some sence into the game, but nothing you shuld be shedding a tear about.Combat & Challenge : 7/10There is no real combat in this game, whole process is made only by either using and combining items, or solving puzzles, of which you will find enough in this game. I rarely play point & click adventures, so the puzzles encountered in this game were quite tricky. Some of them took some minutes thinking, others took some time figuring out by try & error principle, but in both cases were not too long and still enjoyable. It made the game besides walking between places far more fun and challenging.Graphic & Interface : 7/10The graphics in this game are lovely and received a lot of detail from the developers. Every scenery has a nice touch to it and both the characters and landscapes fit really well together. The colours are nice to watch for the eyes and between the chapter transitions you will see nicely animated cut scenes. The interface is simple and immersive, the bag could have been slightly bigger so you dont have to scroll for items in longer chapters.Progress & Mini-Games : 6/10The progress in The Whispered World sometimes feel nice and quick, especially when you have challenges that you immerse yourself into, while some chapters feel insanely slow because you have to walk a lot (and the character is not the quickest) and try tons of possible items on possible solutions. The progress gets nice and quick though if you get a walkthrough or a guide, that would help you figure out steps you've been spending too much time on.Audio & Immersion : 6/10I really enjoyed the music and the sounds in this game. Even though some sound effects feel a bit kinky or kiddy, it kind of fits the game, so it only supported the immersion created by the graphic and the story. The music was chosen well for this game, sometimes its more a classical tune, other times it sounds more gipsy-like, but is definetely supporting the game well.Side-NotesThis game is single player only.This game contains steam achievements.This game offers minimal replayability, especially if you create the saves for achievements.This game is fairly short - it took me 8 hours to complete it (looked up some puzzles in a guide) and got almost all achievements.SummaryThe Whispered World is a nice point and click adventure, that you will quickly get through, but if you enjoy figuring out some puzzles and dont mind having a bit clumsy and kiddy progatonist, you will surely enjoy solving the puzzles and figuring out items the game provided.I hope this review helps you making the decision if its worth buying this game. Rate and leave a comment if you enjoyed reading it.~ForestWolf"
,Recommended,268540,11220040,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Jammerlee,"I have such mixed feelings about this game that I'm hard pressed on whether or not to recommend it.To start off with, the artwork is absolutely GORGEOUS and features traditionally animated cutscenes. The music is quite nice as well, though the voice acting is hit and miss. The characters themselves are quite vibrant and full of personality - we follow the journey of our would-be hero Sadwick, a down-on-his-luck circus clown with clinical depression, who discovers that he has been fated to... destroy the world. As you can imagine he rejects this prophesy, determined to instead save his world from crumbling to dust. Initially I found Sadwick's character to be annoying with how whiney he was about everything, but as I followed him and got to know him, I started to relate to his depression more and saw much of myself reflected in him. He really just needs a hug. As for the puzzles, they're fairly difficult and often frustrating and illogical. More than once I had to look up a guide.UNfortunately, despite how gorgeous this game is and how interesting I'd found the story, the direction the ending wound up taking I felt to be such a massive cop-out that I'm actually pretty angry. In retrospect it was pretty obvious, but it was such an extremely lazy and unimaginitive ""plot twist"" that it pretty much destroyed the rest of the game's magic. So, while everything else about the game is good and I would recommend it based off of that, the ending is just SO unsatisfying that I feel extremely conflicted to say yes.If you truly want this game, wait and get it on sale. Don't waste your money paying full price just to be slapped by the ending."
76561198090819690,Recommended,268540,13463059,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,epsilonfive,"The Whispered World is a beautiful game that stirs deep emotion and brings a good few laughs along with it, cleverly using satire without overdoing it and creating a depressed character that is 100% likable. Sadwick is amusing, adorable, and superbly written, displaying characteristics of those with depression accurately which allows people to relate to him easily. I have seen rather a few complaints about the voice acting, which personally I thought was brilliant. At no point did I cringe or find it unnatural, and I found that the tone to Sadwick's voice was perfect for his role and his personality. He has asthma, vertigo, depression and anxiety which he either comments on or is obvious throughout the game, giving a wide range of mental instabilities that people can relate to. The backgrounds and soundtrack are absolutely gorgeous, and the artwork you gain for finishing the game are a pleasure to look at and feel like a very worthy reward.The clicking sometimes doesn't respond and you have to double click or place items in a very specific place, but I found myself wanting to continue the game so much that by a few minutes in I really didn't care about the extra clicking sometimes required and even got used to it. The hotspot indicator is VERY useful in the game and you WILL have to use it in almost every screen, but again I just find the feature useful and it didn't bother me at all.Daedalic are masters at immersive point and click adventures, and this was just the beginning of their incredible games. Their gift for creating magical stories with interesting and likable characters sparkles in this game, and at the reduced price it is now, it's well worth the money."
76561197968506604,Not Recommended,268540,33840519,Posted: 27 July,all,Shigawire,"As far as point & click adventure games go, I still have a very hard time swallowing Daedalic's attempts. I've played some of their Deponia games, and didn't like them (for many of the same reasons as I didn't like this one).They have the love of the genre - that is clear and laudable - but they don't have the ability to do what makes it a great genre in the right hands, f.ex. what Ron Gilbert did with Thimbleweed Park, or what Wadjet Eye games manages to do. I can't stand some of the clonkyiness of the puzzles in Daedalic games. Poorly executed puzzles, some puzzles too complex in the wrong ways, and dialogue feels dull and not entertaining. Not to mention, in this particular game, the voice actor of the main protagonist has a very grating lispy voice that doesn't give me anything. I have literally no idea what the character is trying to be. Annoying? Success."
76561198306730953,Not Recommended,268540,26601510,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DarkFX,Only bad Daedalic game I've played. Giving this one negative review because the game is unplayable for me. Game has huge mouse click issues and you need to click everything many times until something happens. Devs have known this issue for very long time but still there is no patch or solution to fix this. Hope that someday they have time to do something to this :/
76561198065396619,Recommended,268540,14877563,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Violent Rainbow,"I recently finished the Deponia series and I love point and click adventures and I was very hesitant to buy this one, I didn't like the look of the characters at all but it was on sale so I decided I'd give it a go and I'm glad I did it's really, really good if you enjoyed the Deponia series as much as I did you'll love this one too."
,Recommended,268540,22640278,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,FluxXerzZ,"FANTASTIC PUZZLES, RIDICULOUS DIALOGUE & AN EPIC ENDING!!::PROS::*comedic dialogue*clever puzzles*beautiful artwork*great voice overs*10 hours of gameplay (for experienced PnC adventurers ;D )*beautiful soundtrack*your sidekick is an adorable caterpillar that you constantly abuse but he likes it... I think? LOL::CONS::*overly clever puzzles (had to use a walkthrough & it damaged my pride a bit)*sometimes the lead characters dialogue is annoying & depressing... But mostly funny.*costs $20I'm about to do a second playthrough while awaiting the sequel, so exciting!Just buy this game already, it's f*ckin' awesome & you won't be able to stop playing it until you finish the wholel damn thing. <3"
76561198027261483,Not Recommended,268540,13278560,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,penwiper,"This game has simply awful controls.  It makes me miss King's Quest; even the keyboard early versions of 1-4 were better than this junk.   I can't just click on a person to talk to him.  I have to do some kind of special action that MAY open my inventory instead, which takes up half the screen.  Speaking of the inventory, even if I want to interact with items in the world I'd have to move away to get to the said puzzle and by then the inventory box and my hard-fought for item has disappeared.Clicking on ANYTHING requires space bar and to mouse over EXACTLY the center of the hint circle to open eye/talk/take bar, which then one then has to click with your left mouse button.  It takes three actions when it could be just one.This is a nightmare.  I have no way to get past the first three screens right now and no hints as to how to accomplish that piece of work, except maybe finish up the chore list?  I have the map already but no luck leaving behind the circus-- Ben just laughs at me if I try.  I want to punch him and his smug face looking down on Sadwick, even if Sadwick is irritating himself.  Speaking of which, I can't speed up my @#%$^ slow character and his angsty lazy teen voice is super obnoxious.In conclusion, this was a waste of $5.00  At least Night of the Rabbit was playble and had decent voice acting even if the puzzles were occasionally ridiculous.  It was playable enough that I purchased this without looking to see if there was a demo.   I'm hoping the other game I bought by this company is more playable than this piece of junk because I just spent $15 on that given the recent Christmas sale."
76561198176534477,Not Recommended,268540,29400906,Posted: 21 January,all,samonn2000,"Usually I’d review a game using three simple criteria: Quality of the Story,  game world and gameplay.  For this particular game I’ll ignore the story and the game world for the simple reason that I personally didn’t like either one. As for the gameplay, I really did try giving this game a fair chance, but some puzzles are seriously beyond unreasonably illogical.  One example would be having to go back to the prison cell after freeing Spot and burn away the hey to uncover one of the valves. There is just no logical reason whatsoever to do that.  Another example would be using Spot with the pearl pressing machine to create the “five spot form”.  In both examples and many other, I found that the game just doesn’t provide enough feedback to direct the player towards the proper solution.  Of course one could claim this is the general purpose of a point&click adventure – to point, click and combine anything with everything until something works. Personally When playing a Point&Click adventure, I prefer it to be more of a nicely flowing interactive story rather than a guessing game."
,Recommended,268540,20693264,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,jenniferyublue,"Pro Tip: Switch the spoken language to German, trust me on this one."
,Recommended,268540,31389120,Posted: 27 April,all,Lunairetic,"Just finished this charming point-and-click adventure & I loved it!! I finished it in 2 nights and just under 12 hours, and did not have any issues clicking with the cursor to start my adventure. That bug seems to be fixed. :)What I loved:- The art style is gorgeous, and I loved the retro style animated cutscenes! I see that for some players this was a drawback, but not for me!! It gives the whole game a nostalgic storybook fantasy feel, which is a huge plus in my opinion. The music is also lovely, and suits the game perfectly!- I played this game with the English audio, and aside from some odd clipping in some early dialogue, I thought it was great! I see that many players are complaining that Sadwick's voice is annoying, & they suggest playing it with the German audio & English subtitles. I personally didn't find his voice irritating at all, and found all of the game's English voice work to be very quirky and reminiscent of all my favorite vintage cartoon shows. I think it is important to understand the spirit of the game (which seems to be a kind of homage to all of my favorite dated fantasy things) in order to appreciate the English audio's charm. But it is wonderful that the German language audio is an option, of course. :)- The puzzles are pretty challenging! I am usually complaining that puzzles in adventure games are a bit too easy, but this is not so in The Whispered World! The puzzle solutions are often not obvious at all, & *most* of the time I enjoyed the challenge. (will explain further below.)- The world is very quirky & charming, with lots of oddball characters who have lots of personality & provide some very strange tasks to complete! The Neverending Story/Labyrinth vibe is STRONG in this game, so if you like puzzle point-and-click adventure games and also loved those movies then you will probably love the Whispered World! :)- The story & characters were compelling. Not that I expected anything less from a Daedalic adventure, but still! :D  I was in a rush to get through the puzzles so I could see what happened next!- The ending. I did not expect the ending AT ALL. It was a pleasant surprise, and unexpectedly moving. I totally cried because I am a big softie.- I really loved the game's sense of humor as well. I laughed a lot playing this game.There is one aspect of The Whispered World however that was very irritating to me, and that is....SADWICK WALKS VERY SLOWLY!! Yes, you can double click to skip to the next area, but only as long as you can see the exit node, and many canvases were very big!! So before I could skip to the next location I would still have to wait for Sadwick to sloooowly plod along. This is especially frustrating when dealing with a challenging puzzle that has objectives all over the place. I ended up having to consult a guide a few times, which I *hate* doing, just to save me time walking from point A to point B over and over again trying to work a puzzle out so I could get on to enjoying the story!Overall though, I really enjoyed playing this game, & I absolutely recommend it! I'm playing its sequel 'Silence' next, & I can't wait!"
76561198341496381,Recommended,268540,26611535,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,sirexal,"""We've reached peak adventure game; I'm literally just hitting everything against the next obstacle to see what works.""Play this for the fun characters, a fairly interesting story, and most of the puzzles, which are largely intuitive.Do not play this for the 20% of puzzles that make no sense (several times, your hero critques a correct solution by saying ""well, I don't see why this would work, but okay""),  and DO NOT play it for the ending, which is cliched and disappointing.This is a very marginal ""recommend."""
76561198209695163,Not Recommended,268540,26664213,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Blazing_Me,"Well the game looks good... Now if only the clicking worked so i could play it... If you want to spend your money on a broken game though, its a great buy..."
76561197978103367,Recommended,268540,29116819,Posted: 8 January,all,Belegund,"For me this Daedalic point-and-click adventure was quit charming and entertaining.The main focus of the story is on a depressive little clown named Sadwick, who lives with his family in a travelling circus. He has to depart from his family to prevent the end of the world....so far so dramatic :DThe story is more fantastical and the game has his funny moment, but its not a comedy. You get a nice amount of interesting characters along your way and Sadwicks character is growing with the story.I can't say how the game is made in another language, but the german voice acting was very pleasant for me. Some of the characters really made me happy smiling during their time.The whole environment is very beautiful drawn and in-game animations are very good too. Only thing to say is that some of the cutscenes have a lesser quality but for me it wasn't disturbing. The soundtrack/music was a good and fits good in the background, but if you hang some time at a point you notice that it was quite repetitive.Also the end of the game was surprising for me but I guess its a matter of taste. For me it was a happy ending and sad at the same time if that makes any sense for you :P I dropped some tears ...also watch the outro, there are really nice drawings that explain a lotThe game itself, saving, mouse controls and the GUI worked perfectly fine for me. Only point of criticism it doesn't support tabbing out of the game very well.The game has some puzzles games that are not easy to intuit the solutions for, so you will likely have to have a look to a guide here and there (especially if you want all achievments and not playing the game 2-3 times)To address some points from other reviews:Performance : I never had any problems at launching the game or crashes during the playthrough, but also I don't have a idea why it happens to them :/Audio: as mentioned above I play the german verion and had no noticeable audio cut offs or problems with the dialogs.  I was reading on many YouTube comments and also on Steam that the English voice from Sadwick is beyond endurance and whiny as ♥♥♥♥. The german voice was also quit whiny but reflecting Sadwicks personality perfect and was really fitting to the characterMouse controls : Some users complaining the game fails to register mouse clicks correctly. Most of the time I had no problems but in Chapter 3 I had some problems to put the bucket on the elevator ropeStory : some people don't like the story or the characters at all, but its a matter of taste...I really enjoyed the story and had a lot of fun (see above the part with the ending)All in all, I really recommend ""The Whispered World Special Edition"". I very much enjoyed it and guess the average playtime is 10 to 15 hrs depending on how experienced you are in that kind of games"
,Recommended,268540,13812415,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Beldera,"I played this game in January 2015, and encountered none of the problems reported by the earlier reviewers. I don't know whether they have been patched or not, but my experience leads me to believe it has. Also, like many games from Daedalic, if you press space bar any clickable items in the area will be highlighted.Overall, I recommend this game (on sale) to someone who has already played some of Daedalic's other adventure games (Deponia, Memoria, Eye of Satinav) and just wants to scratch that itch.The protaganist of this game is like a depressed, not-as-arrogant version of Rufus from this company's Deponia series. This game is one of their earlier games, and it shows in some decisions. For example, in order to interact with anything, you must first click on the object for 1/2 second, which brings up the icon interaction wheel (eye/hand/mouth) THEN you click the icon, then the action occurs. Every single time. In a point and click game. The voice acting isn't terrible, but it did not motivate me to have the sound on while playing either. There were some interesting visuals and puzzles (spot parkour!)."
,Not Recommended,268540,18601527,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hemlock Tea,"This game is pretty and has interesting characters and the story seems promising, but there are too many issues with gameplay. The most annoying is having to click on something a dozen times to get the action menu to open. Also, dialogue trees are ridiculously longwinded and boring. I can't get past the second screen because the thought of exploring all of the clickable objects and dioalogue options with the characters is just too exhausting. Too bad :("
76561198146283795,Not Recommended,268540,33793193,Posted: 25 July,all,bolttron1,"I can't bring myself to play another second of this game, and I really tried to make myself like it. Long story short, I can't. Although the game is well made, the story is lackluster and most of the characters are difficult for me to like; especially the protagonist, Sadwick. I understand what it's like to be depressed and stuff, but Sadwick is a straight up edgelord supreme. I decided to stop playing after Chapter 2 because I couldn't tolerate him, his attitude, and his godawful nasally voice. I honestly can't believe I lasted a little more than 4 hours putting up with him.I almost forgot to to talk about the only character I liked, Spot. He's loyal, lovable, and adorable. If I were the almighty force that planned to destroy the world and everything in it, I'd spare Spot, and only Spot. He deserves better."
,Recommended,268540,15237764,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,talgaby,"Short version: 79%An interesting point ‘n’ click adventure game with a bunch of unique ideas and almost painfully broken controls. Whispered World is probably not the greatest game released by Daedalic Entertainment, but if you like stories which set up everything for the last five minutes, then it’s a must-have.Long version:The Whispered World is an interesting specimen. At first it seems like a usual old-style point ‘n’ click adventure, where the plot is large suppressed by the depressingly pessimistic attitude of the protagonist. On top of that, the story introduces a lot of seemingly unconnected and strange elements at every turn, which usually don’t lead anywhere in particular. Until you get to the very end and realise Whispered World is like movies such as Usual Suspects or Sixth Sense: everything was just a very long setup for the final huge twist.Is it a good twist at least? It’s hard to tell. To some degree it’s predictable and clichéd. On the other hand it is a bittersweet ending that fits the overall tone.The seemingly unconnected aspects of the plot translate into a fairly challenging puzzle system, where the role of items and hotspots are not always (or always not) obvious. This leads to a fair share of trial and error scenarios, especially in the last third the story, where everything gets increasingly surreal.From a technical standpoint, the game has a few problems, like disturbingly choppy animations and sluggish, somewhat unresponsive controls. Many people also suffer from audio sync problems. These shortcomings won’t make it unplayable, but they may result in some unneeded frustration that could have been averted with a little more care."
,Recommended,268540,11232597,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Ayuri,"I really enjoyed that beautiful, intense and sad point and click adventure. I have a lot in common with Sadwick I guess (pessimistic, fear of heights, few friends, tend to do what I think right even when I'm told to do the opposite, lack of orientation, etc.) but I still don't understand the way he treates Spot ! Poor happy innocent creature ! Anyway, the music and the drawings create an atmosphere that makes you want to play. A cute experience in a colorful and strange world.If you're looking for the game featured at the end of The Whispered World, it'sSilence."
,Recommended,268540,11506276,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Erroneous Bosch,"Before I begin in earnest, I'll give this caveat: It is absolutely imperative that you turn off the audio for the dialogue in this game. The person they employed to voice the protagonist delivers, bar none, the absolute worst performance I have ever experienced in a game within this or any other genre. It's not just a case of it being weird or unconvincing (though make no mistake - it is both weird and unconvincing) - it's a case of it actually inducing physical pain via headaches. It is whiny, grating, nasal, and draws out every vowel for about twice as long as it should. It is Woody Allen mach 10. It is so unbelievably terrible that it took me four years between buying the game when it first came out and finishing it today, as in my first play session I found Sadwick's voice so utterly loathsome that I uninstalled the game and forgot it even existed until the Special Edition popped up in my library out of leftfield.So, with that said, is the game worth playing? The answer to this question is a heavily qualified 'yes'. The hype that built up around The Whispered World in the lead-up to its release was, in my estimation, completely unmerited, but it's a good enough game.Much has been made of the lack of logic in the game's puzzles, though in my experience only a half dozen or so had a 'How in God's name did they expect me to know that?' solution. While moments like this are infuriating and speak to anachronistic game design, if you're prepared to just consult a walkthrough when you're hopelessly stuck, attribute the momentary catapults into the sky of stupidity to infrequent acid flashbacks on the designer's behalf, and then just carry on resituated on our beloved terra firma, they're not intolerable. In my estimation most of the puzzles are actually amongst the better within the genre, but some may just have a single step which is complete nonsense, or, worse yet, actively go against what Sadwick intimates you should do with an object in his 'hint' dialogue.Divorced from the godawful voice acting, the writing is actually pretty decent and on a few, rare occasions genuinely funny. The plot employs a stock standard three act structure (albeit spread over four): get quest, get delayed, complete quest. It brings nothing new to the table in this respect, but it's serviceable.My primary criticism of The Whispered World is the world itself. The hand drawn art is certainly pretty, if somewhat lacking in vibrancy, but the world itself is just dead. It's quiet, depopulated, and dull. The Asgil, which are meant to be an impossibly fearsome threat to everything good, are two guys. No more. Two guys - the boss and the bumbling underling. A halfway prepared opposition could take these guys out with slingshots and peas. That would be if the world's regular inhabitants who might form this opposition weren't similarly scarce. Most acts introduce no more than three new characters, whom you never really need to speak to more than twice (albeit at some considerable, and arguably unnecessary length). I didn't really care for the story of this depressive clown prophesied to destroy the world, because it was a world I found impossible to become invested in. It's not so much a world as a series of tableauxs, connected with varying degrees of success. My sole motivation to persevere was to find the next puzzle. And as an addendum, I also found the ending to be a self-consciously sentimental attempt to lend this rather small and unambitious story an unearned sense of epic, emotional gravitas. It's not signposted in any way, and really just feels cheap, but I guess your mileage may vary on this.If you're a hardcore adventure game enthusiast, by all means give TWW a shot, but that's really the only audience that would truly enjoy this game, because the state of the genre over the past decade or two has turned us into a rather forgiving lot. I'd advise anyone else to steer well clear."
76561198002986817,Recommended,268540,20755062,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Phantom Virus,"Look, i wanted to like this game but in the end I'd say its about as good as Edna and Harvey. The visuals were good and the story was decent but the voice acting was a bit annoying and all the puzzles were random. This game is extremely hard to complete without a walkthrough. The problem is I didn't like the main character just like I didn't like the main characters in the Edna and Harvey series. When you can't identify with the character, it looses its power. Still, it was an enjoyable enough of a game and I do look forward to its sequel. I still highly reccomend buying the daedalic pack on its 90% of sale. All the games combined are totally worth it. This game was decent but all in all, the Satinav Series is the best one."
76561198011233147,Recommended,268540,11059010,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,J3ST3R,"I never got around to playing this game after I got it some while ago. That changed with the release of the Special Edition, and I finally got to accompany Sadwick on his adventure to save/destroy the world. Seeing that I never played the regular edition I can not compare the two, but the special edition seems to add very little. Mostly you have the option to listen to commentaries in every scene by the creators of this game. Graphic is supposed to be upgraded and you now get achievements. I don't know if there is anything more than that. Anyhow, nice to get an updated version now before the release of the next game in the series.The game itself is beautifully created in a cartoonish and colorful world, with equally colorful characters. The artwork is magnificent. It is as expected a point & click adventure game of the traditional sort. Familiar to anyone who is familiar with other Daedelic games, and other similar game developers.The biggest plus of this game is its story. It is interesting and engaging all the way through with a finish that rivals most great game finishes. All characters are voiced and there is a narrator as well. The narrator does a good job, but some of the other voice actors leaves a lot to be desired. The voice of the protagonist, Sadwick, sounds like when Adam Sandler speaks childish somewhat crossed with Cartman from South Park. In other words it can be quite annoying at times. It doesn't help when Sadwick is a very depressed character that is pessimistic about just about everything. Now, there is an underlying reason for this, and one seems to get used to the voice eventually. There are other poor efforts of voice acting too, but nothing that gets on your nerves. It's by no means all bad. Some characters are voiced quite well, especially some of the ""evil"" ones.(Note: I have only played the English version and can not comment on voice-overs in other languages)What is probably more annoying is the fact that the voice overs seems to go straight from one into the other with no space/break between them. Badly coreographed in other words. It even has a few lines broken off too early and even completely which is really poor. Hopefully they will come up with a fix for that.I also found the pointer/clicking to be quite unresponsive at times. I had to try another game to check if it was my mouse going bad or if it was in fact the game, and unfortunately/luckily it was the game. The controls was a bit clunky in the first place, but the unresponsiveness certainly didn't help.Achievements is a nice new addition, but also this seemed to be a bit bugged. There was a couple I should have gotten but never got. I'm not an achievement horder, so to me it doesn't matter much, but if this is something that is important to you it doesn't seem to work correctly. Probably an easy fix that they hopefully will deal with quickly enough.Don't let the negativity scare you off though. I still recommend this game for any fan of point & click adventures and anyone who appreciate a great story. The bugs/issues are easily overlooked if you are not to caught up in details. In fact the story itself is worth your money and time to play through this game. It also helps that it is from Daedelic, who is one of the companies who has kept this genre alive through hard times. And they have done so with lots of great titles. They deserve some support from us who appreciate games like this. Throw some money at them ;o).6/10"
,Recommended,268540,21867660,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,A noob,It's pretty funny how people say about clicking problems. You only need to hold the click. It said in tutorail.
,Recommended,268540,19625559,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Snow Inuki,"Aside from it being a little confusing, I found it to be a fairly cute puzzle game."
,Not Recommended,268540,24085811,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,5!,"I have a hard time with the idea with point-and-click adventures where logic is null and the way of progressing is just testing every item on every point of interest, and to try to add every item in the inventory together until you finally get a match. That's just me, I find that gameplay so tedious.But that may be ok if it's a good story. This one has not, so I'm not even captured by that. To make things worse, the main character is one of the most annoying you've ever encountered. (getting challenged by other Daedalic protagonists though).The result is a slow game with often dissappointing attempts at being funny. Don't like the inventory style either.If you love point-and-click games though, feel free to disregard my review.I encountered no serious bugs."
76561198097837134,Not Recommended,268540,21831167,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,kermaguire,"I REALLY wanted to like this game, I truly did. Its a Daedalic game, and they're great at point and click adventure games. But the trouble lies in the story and main character. Trying my best no to spoil the game, none of your actions matter  in the end. Even the last action you do didn't have true choice to it. I think multiple endings might've changed my opinion, like the element of choice in Edna  and Harvey 2.Also Sadwick is just... the worst. Like the absolute worst character. His voice is annoying and EVERY SINGLE DAMN COMMENT is a complaint, a lament, or a whine followed by a long winded sigh. I couldn't even enjoy the rest of the voice acting and ended who muting my computer because I hated it so muchTry another Daedalic title, because theres just way better from them out there. The only reason I do not recommend this game is because they have so much better in there library to choose from"
76561198045003224,Recommended,268540,31313754,Posted: 23 April,all,dudeduderson,"TL;DR at the bottom.The Whispered World is an interesting game.FIRST THINGS FIRST:I played this game completely in German with English subtitles. This is because the game is originally in German, so German voice acting is stellar. The English dub has strange audio clipping and is much worse. It also makes the Protagonist almost unbearable to listen to. To anyone interested in playing this game, I would HIGHLY ADVISE PLAYING IT IN GERMAN (with English subs if you don’t speak German).Secondly, I didn’t have any problems with clicking or graphics. The game worked for me from the get-go.THE ACTUAL REVIEW:The Whispered World is a decent point and click with only a small handful of “What the heck am I supposed to do?” moments. The art style is amazing and really feels like you’re inside of an artist’s drawing book. The characters are interesting and the dialogue is often very funny. The music is PHENOMENAL. It puts you straight into the world. The story is interesting and easy to follow, nothing too convoluted. I would all-in-all recommend this game, despite its few flaws.TL;DR: I liked it. Play it in German with English subs."
76561198158388008,Recommended,268540,21131340,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,EinarTheGreat,Amazing .
,Recommended,268540,19752537,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ahh wyczul go,"amazing fairy-tale graphic and music. very good atmosphere, textures, beautifull colors. it's amazing game but... veryyy sad :( :( :( hope you will enjoy the game !ps. its not easy to get all achivments :D"
,Not Recommended,268540,35480265,Posted: 4 October,all,Hip Marion Moseby,Fairly tedious to play.
,Recommended,268540,29836614,Posted: 10 February,all,KyleKirkpatrick123,"I've played quite a few Casual Games in my time ranging from Adventure to Hidden Object to Match 3, and I must say, the Whispered World Special Edition, is one of the best I have played in a long time!!WARNING! REVIEW MIGHT CONTAIN SLIGHT SPOILERS, Nothing major though!!The game starts out with Sadwick, a 12 Year old depressed clown in a Fantasy World known as Silentia. He is asleep in a moving trailer and keeps having the same nightmare. The world is collapsing and there is a Blue Moon that keeps haunting Sadwick. When he wakes up from his nightmare, we are introduced to the action and get to start playing!GAMEPLAY & CONTROLS -This game is a 2D Side Scroller, where you almost exclusively use the mouse to move Sadwick around, talk to characters, pick up and use objects, combine objects, and bunch of other things! You also use ESC to access the Main Menu, Save/Load Screen, etc. and the Spacebar to show ""Hints"" (It just shows you what you can click on in the current scene.) For the most part the game controls quite well, everything is nice and fluid. By holding down the RMB (MB2) for about 1.5 seconds on an active area, a menu pops up where you can interact further with an item (You have an Eye for Looking closer at the item, a Mouth for talking or eating, and a Hand for picking an item up.) This works well as you are able to examine items in a game closely than most other games, and it's sometimes funny (or sad) to hear Sadwick's thoughts. There are a fair share of puzzles, and 4 Mini-Games (I'll get into that on the Difficulty Area) in this game. You'll get an Acheviment every-time you solve a Mini-Game, or you'll get one if you Skip them all!GRAPHICS & ART-STYLE -This game has amazing art and graphics! All of the scenes are hand-drawn and the animations are also hand-done. They look stunning and not something you see a whole lot anymore in games. One of the highest highlights of this game is its fantastic art-style! As far as Graphics go, for a game released in 2009/10 I say its aged pretty well! There are no Graphic Options (Basically what you get is what you get) and there is no Widescreen Mode and the Resolution does max out at a certain point. Somewhat disapointing since this game was released in 2010, however not a deal-breaker and something I am able to overlook. In my person opinion, I think you will not be disapointed by the way this game looks, in fact, I think you will be amazed!STORY -The story in this game is fantastic! It's very emotional at times and has amazing plot twists! Some of the most unexpected things happen during the storyline. There are a total of 4 Chapters in this game! It took me around 6 Hours to do the First Chapter since I was trying to get used to the gamplay, Chapter 2 took me around 3 hours, Chapter 3 around 2 1/2 hours, and Chapter 4 around 3 1/2 hours. Keep in mind I am usually slower at completing games. The story again is another amazing highlight of this game. I don't want to spoil anything though, so I won't go much else into this, but in my Personal Opinion I don't think you will be disapointed with the story. It is so gripping and keeps you on the edge of your seat for most of the adventure!DIFFICULTY -This game starts out pretty simple (Like most games) however it does get pretty challenging. Challenging to the point where I had the YouTube Walkthrough pulled up in case I needed it! I do consider myself an Expert at these types of games, however on some things I couldn't figure out, some made sense once I saw it and other made absolutely made no sense and you would only do it by purely guessing. Also, the Mini-Games are another story! I skipped every single one after attempting each one for about 10 minutes. There are 4 and there really isn't any ""Logic"" behind 3 of them. It's just guess and hope you are right. So I would mark this game down for it's poor puzzle design. Now, I don't want easy puzzles, but I don't want puzzles that are just random and don't have you show any logic to solve them. Other than the Mini-Games, there are random puzzles spread throughout the game and some can be solved by looking around at other areas again and searching through your inventory, and some (for most of you) would probably require you to look up the Walkthrough on YouTube to see how they did it. One downfall of this is the Difficulty, it's pretty brutal, however you will get thorugh it. It doesn't prevent me from reccomending this game! Like stated above, it took me around 16 Hours to complete this game for the first time. I am usually slower at completing games. For the average person I'd say it would take around 10-15 hours depending on your Skill Level.SOUNDTRACK -The Soundtrack for this is AMAZING! Some of the tracks can keep you on edge while playing while others are more mellow and relaxing to listen to. The greatest thing is this game comes with the complete soundtrack free of charge (You can find where your the Game Files are for this game > bonus > soundtrack.) It comes in .mp3 and .flac! It's $6.99 on iTunes and Amazon, and I was considering buying it until I found it in the game files (I wish they told you it came with it) so I'm telling you this now to prevent you from accidently buying it on iTunes or Amazon. Again, the Soundtrack is another reason to buy this game.ACTORS, DIALOGUE, & CHARACTERS -**NOTICE! I played this game using the English Voice Actor and English Subtitles!!**One thing most people criticized on was the Voice Actor for Sadwick in this game. Yes, I will admit it's not the best ever and he does sound whiney and depressed (which he is a ""Depressed Clown"" so I shouldn't be so surprised on that) however I don't think it's THAT bad. I personally think it's okay. If it absolutely bothers you, try using the German voice as I've heard that's better from other reviewers, with the English Subtitles. The Dialogue in this game is pretty good. However some of the language that they use I'm not 100% sure most 12 year olds would understand. Like I've kept saying, he is depressed, so he does hint certain things that would be suicidal at times and sometimes just down-right sad and makes you feel bad for him. Examples: ""Nothing here but a Deep-Dark shaft, much like my life;"" ""Nothing but a deep dark abyss. Don't do it Sadwick, stay away from the edge..."" Sadwick also uses the words ""D*mn"" and ""He*l"" a few times in this game. You will meet other characters throughout this game however usually you will only see them for only that Chapter and then once the chapter is over you won't see them again the rest of the game. There is one exception to that, however that would be spoiling part of the story so I will leave it out.FINAL THOUGHTS -It's an amazing game! I would totally reccomend it if you enjoy Casual or Adventure Games, enjoy 2D Side-Scroller type games, enjoy games with Emotional Stories, or enjoy Difficult Games (Again, don't let the difficulty detour you from buying the game. It's an amazing game and don't let my thoughts about the difficulty persaude you otherwise from buying it simply because of that reason...)I reccomend this game!!"
,Recommended,268540,19648984,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Yes, this is definitely a worthwhile game to play. I've enjoyed playing Daedalic Games all the time, from Rufus's ridiculous antics in Dapeonia to the heart-warming stories of the Treewalkers and Marquis.You'll find so much creativity in Daedalic games, from the description of the Memory Thieves to the beautiful artwork of the Multi-eyed Angler Fish (You'll have to find those things on your own).PROS1. Creative StorylineIt starts out extremely boring at the beginning but the story gets better as you progress. You'll find tons of interesting imaginatives scattered all over the place to keep you interested. Proper storytelling. E.g. Asgil (GILSA) just make one wonder what they look like.2. ArtworkGood quality. I enjoyed the graphics and the way the art comes alive in the animations. E.g. Bruno sleeping at the Circus.3. The Story TwistHeh... Not bad... I understand the meaning of the ""Whispered World"" now. In reflection, I think I won't leak any spoilers.CONS1. Too DifficultIt's nearly impossible to complete. You have to use Daedalic's Gameboomer walkthrough in order to finish it. How does one catch a rat with a sock? Or use a rat to save a pair of pants?2. Ridiculous StuffPicking pantaloons with rats? Oil from milking a cow? No conservation of mass? Some things just niggle at you in the wrong way due to how illogical it is.NEUTRAL1. Alternative EndingI couldn't be bothered to find it as the game was just too long."
76561198164016063,Recommended,268540,25829685,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Artemur,"pros- gorgeous looking hand-drawn background artwork- immersive fantasy atmosphere- relaxing soundtrack- well made cartoony cut scenes- good voice acting- witty and charming characters- when you press to space, hotspots is highlighted- story is ok. at least you wonder what is gonna happen in the end.- ending is pretty surprising and good.- it's an long game.cons- some puzzles make sense but the most of them ""you have to read developers mind"" type puzzles. (god bless for gameboomers walkthrough)- too much dialogue.- sometimes mouse clicking doesn't work.- main character can't run- Steam achievements buggy. sometimes they don't appear where they should. that's why i didn't get all achievements."
76561198171323071,Not Recommended,268540,34740130,Posted: 4 September,all,snarkoutgirl,"I’ve been playing PCAs for well over 20 years and, in my opinion, 2 things will make or break a PCA: the gameplay and the story. This game breaks down in the gameplay by containing my biggest PCA pet-peeve: puzzles that make no sense.This is the type of PCA where you have to try everything in your inventory on every action spot because there are many times where there is simply no way you’d ever think about using that item in that way. To add to the frustration, the game designers knew they were being ridiculous and even have the protagonist make a comment about it in Chapter 2.As some reviewers have pointed out, the gameplay does improve in the last 2 chapters, but by then I was so frustrated that I had all but stopped even trying to figure things out on my own. As a bonus, there’s a glitch in Chapter 3 where clicking on a highlighted spot doesn’t work, instead you have to click the space between 2 spots.It is also annoying that some characters have long dialogues that you have to wade through every time you talk to them (looking at you, rock brothers). You can click to skip, but then are likely to accidentally click on a dialogue option you don’t want, sometimes closing the dialogue menu and being forced to start all over again.There are a couple of positives. I loved the art style and the story is pretty engaging (although I didn’t care for the ending). Those 2 things, however, are not enough to make up for the frustrating gameplay.I do not understand how the reviews for this game are mostly positive. If you look at the global stats for achievements, you’ll see that only 21% of players finished the first chapter. I’m one of 13% of players that actually finished the game and only with the help of a walkthrough."
76561198112849911,Recommended,268540,13625264,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,LlamaLamb,"The story line is beautiful and the game is very fun to play. Watch out for every little detail though or you will be stuck for quite some time. The minigames are enjoyable. Overall, I really enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,268540,22723527,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,alessiocaleca,"This game has a really intresting story, glad I plicked it up."
76561198100816677,Not Recommended,268540,34671438,Posted: 1 September,all,Yule,"I'm sorry to say, but I couldn't bear to play this game longer than 29 minutes.  The protagonist, Sadwick, is super annoying. His voice, the things he says, his corpselike skin... Although kind of cute, his pet animal just didn't grow on me.Sadwick reminds me of Douglas Adams's Marvin, which is a very good thing, because I thought he was super funny...but the developers of The Whispered World either took it too far or I just don't like being stuck with such a character, can't really say. All I know is, I couldn't stand to go on playing.There seems to be a lot of dialogue, which is basically a good thing, if it's entertaining. As far as I've played it was..ok.The sceneries are beautiful, just look at the screenshots. Unfortunately, in this case that just wasn't enough."
,Recommended,268540,30246500,Posted: 28 February,all,Speedinator,"Pros:Interesting and compelling plotSimple but mind-bending puzzlesCute petBeautiful sceneryCons:Main characterHonestly, if I were a different person with a different set of chemicals in my brain, i would probably like this game. I love point and click puzzles, and the plot in quite enjoyable, or would be if the main character wasn't so damn depressed. I have enough trouble maintaining emotional stability, if I'm going to be pretending to be someone else, I at least want that someone else to be happy.TL;DR if you are a genuinely positive person, this game will be quirky and fun. If you tend to be more melancholy, the main character will drag you down."
,Not Recommended,268540,30134657,Posted: 23 February,all,Bad Player,"Controls are actually terrible, which is very difficult to mess up for a point and click. I played 12 minutes of this game trying to get left clicks to work properly, and it usually took 3-4 left clicks to complete an action. That's after you open the menu for looking at, talking to, or grabbing/interacting with items. Also, the voice acting makes me want to rip my ears off. Please. If I have to listen to a main character for even 4+ hours, make them a good voice actor."
,Recommended,268540,31687078,Posted: 11 May,all,MaFioZo,"Interesting game. Sometimes boring but the end is surprisingly good at the end. Nice and easy, sometimes confusing. Good to buy on sale."
,Recommended,268540,31677337,Posted: 10 May,all,joe01489,"I am not a big follower of point-and-click adventures (I'm a fan of Freddi Fish but that's about it), but kudos to Daedalic Entertainment for a well-done game. The Whispered World is very artistic with challenging puzzles.I enjoyed the game more for the story and art than for the puzzles. If it weren't for my curiosity about the story, I might have given up on the puzzles. The puzzles really require thinking outside the box and sometimes, outside the realm of logic.  You'll always know what you have to do, but figuring out how to do it could be stressful. After a number of puzzles, I sat in front of the screen exclaiming, ""What! That's what you had to do? Of all things!""There are some touching moments mixed with some comedic relief in the story, and the voice acting was decent even though sometimes the microphone was a bit too close during recording. Overall, I found myself coming back because the art was so nice, and the small issues didn't take much away from the experience."
76561198108529651,Recommended,268540,31611912,Posted: 7 May,all,Lonear_Lone94,"Solving Daedalic puzzles is like playing Dark soul. Frustrating as hell but when you did solve it, WOW! Very satisfying~If you new to the franchise, I promise you that the puzzles is not ""1+1=2"" but more like ""A1-HB+72Y=@!!@!@^$&#"" no joke.Overall, the art style is amazing. Characters are memorable and have their own unique personalities, including the protagonist (Annoying at first but tend to be likeable as you progress through the story). For the story, I'll say it's good I enjoy it thoroughly. There are bugs here and there but not too severe.Ps. You can beat the game without walkthrought. Took me 2 weeks for my first playthrought"
76561198024798860,Recommended,268540,24801237,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,gremlin66,"This is the first review I've ever written for a game on Steam and it was one I felt compelled to write.I really loved this game, and all the characters.   I can understand how some people wouldn't like an ending like this, but I loved it, I honestly got a little bit choked up at the end, just for a moment.  lolTo me it felt a little like watching an old 80's movie, for example, The Hobbit or The Dark Crystal, that same sense of wondrous mystery and fantasy is present in The Whispered World.This is the story of a young boy-clown named Sadwick who runs away from his circus to go on a mystical adventure to save the world with his pet caterpillar pal Spot, both characters are cute and funny, Sadwick, our protagonist, being the pessimist and Spot, who doesn't say much, more of an optimist.Some drawbacksSometimes clicking on things to activate them or combine them is difficult, I sat and left clicked sometimes 30-40 clicks before the item would combine, or the cork would go in the hole, for starters.   This seems excessive.   Maybe there is a problem with my mouse but many other simple one clicks worked fine.  Only when trying to combine or activate items, or get Spot to change form, it would be some time spent left clicking clicking clicking.The dialogue while charming gets a bit tedious towards the ending as people keep talking and talking, luckily you can left click through to skip dialogue, which works fine, sometimes accidentally skipping a line of dialogue, a little too easily.   Sadwick's voice gets a little bit annoying but I still like the protagonist, he's a funny, cute little dude and his annoying voice fits the character properly.   Everytime I was asked to talk to someone like Gourney for example, however, now THAT got really annoying, Gourney was one of the worst voices I've ever heard, and like I said towards the end of the game I just couldn't be bothered to listen to much of his dialogue.Some of the puzzles were a little bit strange and ridiculous.  I'll admit I'm not much of a puzzle games sort of guy.  You may end up needing to find a decent walkthrough; although by the end I don't feel this distracted or took away from my enjoyment of the story I was following a walkthrough myself for a good part of the game.And it was fun.    I really enjoyed this and I look forward to checking out other Daedalic games, such as the upcoming SIlence and their other games in Deponia!!"
,Recommended,268540,11896133,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"Really well written point and click. Sound quality in editing is a bit rough around the edges but the overall experience is very satisfying, glad this got a Special Edition re release. Fans of Daedelic games, Edna and Harvey, Deponia Trilogy etc; will be right at home. Very underated adventure game developers ad this is another of their early classics given a bit of a polish of an update.."
,Recommended,268540,12181456,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Llobster,"The review I am linking says everything that is great about this game a lot better than I can:http://www.adventuregamers.com/articles/view/18187Let me just say that the artwork is hand drawn and is gorgeous.  The vibe of the story makes me think that it is something we might have seen from Hayao Miyazaki had he been european and wrote video game stories instead of movies.  The main character's voice starts out kind of annoying, but grows on you quickly and isn't a problem after an hour or so.Absolutely worth playing.  The sequel is in development and looks very interesting.  I would play this before it comes out and check out the trailer for the second one to see if it piques your interest."
76561197983939869,Recommended,268540,13609666,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Karduk,Good adventure game with average voice acting. 6/10.
76561198043887343,Recommended,268540,13721481,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sad Simba,"I've got some mixed feelings here. The Whispered World isn't the greatest point-and-click adventure game I've played, but ultimately it's a solid game that handles its story, characters, and themes really well and features acceptable, if challenging, puzzle mechanics.The best element of the game by far is its character development: specifically, the way the game develops its protagonist, Sadwick. To put it simply, Sadwick is utterly unlikeable when you begin the game. Picture a combination of Jeffery Dallas from the Julian Smith videos and Marvin the Depressed Robot from Hitchhiker's Guide--except that his complaining, self-absorbtion, and misery are all treated unironically, and not as a source of humor. He writes bad poetry about his feelings, sobs over his rotten circumstances, and loses his temper at his lovably senile grandfather. But while the game doesn't treat Sadwick's disposition mockingly, it also doesn't take him too seriously. Sadwick isn't an existential hero fighting helplessly against tragic circumstances. He's just an ornery kid with a lousy life who responds the way any self-interested person might.As the game goes on, however, Sadwick slowly and subtly transforms to the point that you are genuinely concerned with his wellbeing and with the success of his quest. Where other characters inertly accept the coming end-of-the-world scenario at the center of the game's story, Sadwick steps up and tries to change things, certain as he is at first that his actions will prove pointless. The further into the game you go, the less gloomy and caustic Sadwick becomes. And as he grows in confidence--or at least determination--he becomes a truly sympathetic character. By the game's end, I loved the little guy.The game's other characters are more of a mixed bag. Some, such as Grandpa, are quite lovable, while others, such as Bobby (the King's messenger) and Loucaux (the main villain) can be rather unlikeable or one-dimensional. The characters from the game's second section are my favorite. The sleep-deprived landowner Ruben and his loud, enthusiastic servant Bando form the perfect odd couple and are also the most objectively interesting characters in the game.One thing that can be said for the game's characters is that they all embody the story's main themes in unique and fascinating ways. Time and again, characters that occupy ""important"" roles in the game's world prove powerless in preventing the world's end, while little Sadwick the clown from the traveling circus does all the work. But the characters in positions of authority are always weak because they choose to be--because the game's main theme is the contrast between activity and stagnation. So Bobby is paralyzed by fear and ultimately turns over his all-important mission to Sadwick. Ruben idly obsesses over his 10,000 silver pearls and can't even enjoy the luxurious life he has made for himself. And the King, who is supposed to save the world, lies dying behind locked doors that only he can open.It's refreshing to see a story that recognizes that perfection is never static. It's not something that is whole and immaculate until it is broken, but rather something that people must actively work to maintain.The Whispered World's story and gameplay unfold in four large sections, in which Sadwick does everything he possibly can to save the world despite a prophecy (known only to him) that he will ultimately be responsible for destroying it. The episodic structure of the game has some real benefits--and some pitfalls. For one thing, it means that you wind up going to many more locations and environments than you might in the typical point-and-click adventure game. Since there's not but so much backtracking, the game stresses progress and discovery and strikes a nice balance between presenting new areas and fully exploring old ones.But since the game doesn't feature an overworld-style main area, you never feel especially grounded as you play the game. That factor, combined with the real sense of urgency in the game's plot, could make you impatient to make progress. And impatience in this game is a real killer, since some of the puzzles are dastardly hard to figure out. For the most part, the game isn't totally unintuitive--solutions usually make sense once you figure them out or look them up--but the game often doesn't provide many context clues to point you toward the proper solution to its puzzles, and certain gameplay scenarios would be near-impossible to figure out without help. I found myself checking a walkthrough almost every thirty or forty minutes, and I only rarely regretted giving up on certain puzzles.The game is darned tricky, in part because there are just so many ways to interact with the game's environments. In addition to trying out items on environmental objects and on other items, as in most point-and-click adventure games, you can also use your pet caterpillar Spot, in any of various forms you discover throughout the game, to interact with things. And some puzzles require you to use the ""mouth"" icon (which is primarily used for speaking with other characters) on other objects or talk with the same characters on multiple separate occasions to open up new paths.Apart from the gameplay and the story, The Whispered World features pretty good visuals. The hand-drawn backgrounds to each area are lovely and intricate, although they tend to carry somewhat of a melancholy mood. And the game's spare and lonesome music only adds to that effect. Character animations, on the other hand, tend to look unpolished and inexact, and somehow the cutscenes are even worse. The quality of the voice acting is so-so, with certain characters who are downright unlistenable, and the game ramrods lines of dialogue into each other, clipping off the first syllable of most lines and making the voices harder to listen to. Dialogue is snappy--Sadwick throws a lot of nice barbs at just about everybody he encounters--but occupies too much of the game. Conversations can go on forever, and you have to go through some of them really thoroughly to advance in the game.I mean it when I say that this game only gets better and better as it goes along. The story is great, and even the requisite big reveals at the end only add to the meaning of the game. The characters are nicely handled, the gameplay is fun when you don't get hung up for too long, and the game ultimately provides a really satisfying experience to anyone enduring enough to soldier through it."
76561197989215538,Recommended,268540,14768762,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ucpteddy,"Hard to say if i recommend it or not..Good sides;Chill music, Mysterious/fantasy back/foregrounds. Cute & well-invented companion, Main character is so sad,depressing & everything around him is hopeless in his eyes (Which i find funny/entertaining as thats exactly how you feel for most maincharacters in puzzle games, Great story & nice cutscenes, Lots of humor. pile of achivements & you get 4 tradeing cards (not worth much but hey!).Bad sides;It took me almost 17 hours of nonstop playing to beat haveing to look at a walkthrough constantly as 70-80% of the puzzles made no sense what so ever (Example combineing a frog to a stick) Finding myself stuck all the time. (I play alot of puzzle games but this ranks up with some of the most frustrateing ones). I also ran into a bug and had to load a save that was 2 hours away before the thing i did mess up (altho i did it right acording to the walkthru). So i'd recommend to save often and always have that 1 far-back, Backup save incase something stops working. Yes sometimes in the beginning of the game there is some cut-off sound/text when someones talking. But didin't notice anything for the rest of the game, Theres also a minor spelling issue (sometimes the character might say (in sound) ""I can't reach it!"", Altho the text says ""I can't reach him!"" (example if ur clicking on an rock thats high up somewhere).Eider way.. I guess i would recommend it if its on sale & get it for the great story and all that, But keep a ""guide"" close at hand. You will most scertainly need it.. Unless you enjoy ripping your hair out, Then have ""fun""."
76561198202670415,Recommended,268540,17254303,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,C.SabbaHD,"I don't know why..it's strange but the plot and the principle character will remain in your heart.  The plot especially is engaging from START to the end; and that's very important. You will play this game only to know how it end: i ve really appreciate it. Also this game is enduring, i ve finished it in more of 14 hours. My vote is 7.5 out of 10 and i suggest it."
,Recommended,268540,10990147,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,AdmZaarin,"(I originally played this offline, so my listed playtime is not accurate.)I fell in love with Daedalic Entertainment after playing the Deponia trilogy. If I had to select Daedalic's masterpiece, however, I think I would select The Whispered World. It has a poignant, introspective storyline, beautiful art, a plaintive soundtrack, and engaging gameplay. The game is not perfect--there are a few places where the plot drags, for example--but overall it is fun and thought-provoking. The puzzles are challenging but fun, and most can be approached very logically. What is truly great about The Whispered World, however, is its mind-blowing ending--really, this game must be played to completion. I can't recommend this game highly enough, especially if you are a fan of point-and-click adventures.Some people find the voice of the main character Sadwick annoying or even unbearable. Personally, I wouldn't call his voice pleasant but I don't find it particularly irritating, and the quality of the acting is quite good. Certainly don't let it stop you from enjoying this beautiful game. On which note, Daedalic is a German company, but they have first-rate translators--one would rarely know that the game is a translation."
76561198039857665,Recommended,268540,11053980,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,K@3P†NK0€®K,NICE GIFT FROM DAEDALIC WITH AMUSING COMMENTS !!
76561198037067785,Recommended,268540,14034895,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Eddie the Head,"Very weird but enjoyable adventure game. For the most part, it plays just like any other point and click game, with the addition of your pet's 5 personas. Basically, over the course of the game your pet can learn to take on different forms which are needed to make progress. It works pretty well and adds to the puzzle variety. Although the beginning of the game is a bit slow and confusing, it's definitely worth playing through it. Using a walkthrough will make it less frustrating, and the awesome characters and dialogue more than make up for it. I especially love the main character and how he sometimes breaks through the 4th wall. Overall a surprisingly enjoyable game that I would recommend to anybody whether you like adventure games or not."
,Recommended,268540,14923411,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,GreenChoc,Whispered World is one of the most beautiful games I have played. The story and characters are great an the (german) voiceacting is really good. I enjoyed Sadwicks and Spots adventure and would recommend this game to anyone who likes story driven point and click adventures.
,Recommended,268540,15881569,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,jac1002,A fantastic point and click with spot on voice acting.
76561198041588801,Recommended,268540,11351548,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ricksweb,This is a good point and click game. Great story and fun to play.
,Recommended,268540,18621118,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Maverick,"Wow, alot more to this game then, I though there would be going in. Very touching..."
76561198144746988,Recommended,268540,22213163,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dwergje80,"The voice is annoying, the clicking is annoying. And then it doesn't matter, once you got sucked in the story and the surrounding (which reminds me of Ghibli movies). The ending left me in awe."
76561198372064534,Recommended,268540,32479917,Posted: 16 June,all,Rebecca,"Nothing is as it seems. This seems to be the background of the game. You are the unfunniest clown of the world and try to find your role in the world. Unfortunately it seems that you destroy the world. So, you have to find out, if it is true and if it is true how to prevent it. But nothing is as it seems. The story is great. The riddles aren't too difficult but also not too easy. The game is pretty long but you don't recognize it while you play because you have enough fun. So I would really recommend the game."
,Recommended,268540,19564743,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Lehelovics Lóri,"A great game for Adventure, Point and Click lovers like me.It has some challenging puzzles, but totally solvable for beginners.It has a good voice acting, and also a story to remember.Overall good game."
,Not Recommended,268540,17042177,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Jacobella,"One of the worst adventure games I have ever played.Long, drawn out and boring with low-budget animations and voice-overs you'll swear were literally phoned in. With puzzles that are neither intuitive nor logical but merely the whim and convolution of the creators' minds."
76561198080833647,Not Recommended,268540,30088874,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,"I usually would recommend point and click adventure games for those that enjoy them, who am I to say no because they sometimes aren't up my alley.Well, this game is a not recommend.  I couldn't even get through watching a let's play, and it's a fascinating setting and such I'd usually enjoy."
,Recommended,268540,17323416,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Vel,"A fun adventure game that looks inspired by Hayao Miyazaki.Pro's: Great storyline, beautiful graphics and point and click adventure Game.Con's: Main voice acting is horrible and grates on the ear drums. Yet all the secondary characters had appropriate voice acting.I'd give it a 7 but the faint echo's of Sadwicks horrible voice actor resounds phantasmically within my inner ear.6/10"
76561197960986989,Not Recommended,268540,28093358,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,unknown,"The story: The world is gonna endPlaying The Whispered World I can't feel the tension about this terrible fate. Sadwick roams the world like nothing special is happening. So why should I care? Sadwick may be pessimistic, no problem, but a character that shows so little determination is just discouraging to continue this journey, as viewer and as player."
,Recommended,268540,24623494,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,tikka,"I really loved this game, the character was pretty funny and relatable. The music the art, the puzzles. It felt magical.But oh boy the ending, If you`ve played Edna and Harvey 2, and thought the ending was ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Check this out! goddamn was I dissapointed. still a good game though."
76561198281600399,Not Recommended,268540,21855048,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,lsl_sherry,"The story seems promising but i have to click sooo many times to interact with items. After 15 minutes of gameplay, I've only managed to get the drawer opened... Is there only me or others encounter same problem too?"
76561198139378003,Recommended,268540,25123968,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ZZpatricia,"The whispered world is an interesting ""game"". I say game in quotations because it is less of a game and more of an experience. That at points you will get, and at other points is completely unforgiving. Nevertheless You will almost lose your sense of reality playing this and solving all of its puzzles. It is a game about a circus clown who hates his job, and will destroy the world! I think it might be loosely based on Pagliaccihttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pagliacci. Anyways I recommend this game, but not at full price. If you are thinking about getting this game I reccommend doing it around a huge sale, because then it will be really cheap. I got mine for $5."
76561198031032248,Recommended,268540,31758996,Posted: 14 May,all,oana,great story with a twist. really nice atmosphere and puzzles.
,Not Recommended,268540,18112757,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Vortiene,"So I actually enjoyed this game. It's got great aspects for a standard point and click advanture, but just has a bunch of issues in there. I'll probably try the next game from Whispered World, but you need to know these things before you play:1. You won't be able to listen to the english voice acting, it's unbearable. It's an extreme amount better with german audio and english subtitles. Much more enjoyable. That's how I played through this.2. The save screen doesn't show where you are in the game for some reason, you just have to remember what time you saved and where.3. The ending is a gigantic cop-out.Other than that, this game is enjoyable. Here are complaints people may have:-Sadwick walks too slowly. This is avoidable by double clicking the next area, you'll go there instantly. You still have to walk over to places where you want to interact with an area, but traversing areas is very fast.-Autoscroll is wonky in places. This isn't huge, but is annoying.However, the game has:-Beautiful background art-Well done character design and animation-A fitting soundtrack albeit not super memorableAs much as I'd like to recommend this game, you really have to make an effort to enjoy it after the big 3 issues mentioned earlier. Chapter 2 is slow and a bit painful, but the other three are quite good. The ending of chapter 4 (end of the game) is almost impossible to figure out without a walkthrough. The very end of the game is totally out of place and somewhat clichéd. It doesn't fit the game and I didn't feel like it should have been there. Didn't really give closure.The achievements aren't too demanding, but you should check the achievement guide before starting, because some you may have to do a second run to get if you don't do it right."
,Recommended,268540,16547352,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kaley Cho,"It has nice music and the images are beautiful. I would recommend this game if you like this kind of genre. The puzzles are challenging but entertaining, and you can gain all of the achievements at your first play. But sadwick's voice might be a bit annoying and the atmosphere is a bit depressing. I still enjoyed playing it though :)"
,Recommended,268540,17713954,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,"Boots, the Prophet","I discovered The Whispered World after beating all three Deponia titles and ending up plowing through Daedalic's game catalog. This title struck out and I decided to purchase it due to the abundance of positive reviews. I had a nice time completing The Whispering World, but I expected more. The game is mediocre at best, containing certain pros and cons that end up making for a experience that is only memorable due to it's unexpected ending. Basically, it functions as a normal point&click game, this one being set in a fantasy world full of queer creatures and interesting places to visit and explore.The art design is a positive aspect of this title, with original scenarios and striking detail existing in them. However, the low resolution at which the game runs can lower the bar for some gamers.The achievements are easily obtainable and take, at maximum two playthroughs to complete them.Negatively, a hint system or something related would be appreciated. Countless times did I get stuck and had to look for a playthrough in order to continue the main quest. Also, the voice acting is of a poor-medium quality. Sadwick himself proves, after hours of hearing him talk, to have an annoying voice, something that can be game breaking for some.TWW does not offer any reason to replay it's main story, besides an achievement or two. The story is not good nor as it is bad. Just don't get your hopes up. The usage of Spot, Sadwick's pet, is original and distinguishes the game from other point&click titles. I did not have any problems running TWW, no crashes nor black screens. Many players report those problems, so beware of that.All and all, I do recommend The Whispering World to the average point&click gamer. It can be an enjoyable title and besides, a sequel is in the works.Recommended achievement guide:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=257527365&insideModal=1Recommended walkthrough guide:http://www.gameboomers.com/wtcheats/pcWw/TWW/WhisperedWorld.htmScreenshot:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=478414606"
,Recommended,268540,15432124,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Falco,Truly touching game. Definitely a must for point and click adventurers.
76561198045080783,Recommended,268540,15475913,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,L0stLP,"Go destroy the world !The ending was So So.Good story, has a few difficult puzzles."
76561198001071336,Not Recommended,268540,20709043,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,isthisyournacho,"A little too cartoony for my tastes.  I understand that point and click adventures are really simple games, and don't usually garner a complex story or rich graphics, but this one couldn't hold me.  Maybe good for a child (I'm early 30s).  I still dig point and click for one-time puzzles with a mediocre story behind so I bought this one in bulk.  Definitely not worth $19.99.  I only played an hour's worth and deleted the game.  Mayhaps good for others..."
76561197970078168,Recommended,268540,14337037,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,hermetico,"RECOMMENDED.This is a very good adventure game of the hand of Daedalic. Not so funny as Deponia but, absurd as most of their games.Graphics are really beautiful, as well as characters' animations. Voice acting is also really good, except for the voice of the main character, which I really hate because it sounds stupid and false, forced.There are really absurd and highly challenging puzzles inside and, some are really difficult to figure out (specially when in Corona) so, be prepared to read some walkthrough from time to time if you don't want to spend that big time and, continue with the story.The end is surprisingly good, a very nice twist in the story."
76561198014146141,Not Recommended,268540,15796276,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Vq|HawaiianBBQ,+Good story+good music+Beautiful locations / artwork+*lightbulb* hold mouse button *facepalm*-Sadwick's voice is annoying and bad
,Not Recommended,268540,19294328,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,MobiuS,"It's probably a great game, but I cannot get past Sadwick's voice acting.  Had to stop.  Sorry."
76561198049271328,Recommended,268540,33212321,Posted: 3 July,all,NixasXV,"The quickest way to my heart is through beautiful bassoon music and this game delivers that in spades ;)This is a pretty solid point and click with the genre's usual ridiculous logic at points - I did come across a few rather obvious bugsand no I don't mean Spot ;)but nothing that stopped me from continuing to play the game.I will admit that I checked a walkthrough every now and again but that was more to do with my impatience than the puzzles themselves.I did find the voice acting a liiiittle annoying but there's an option to just have subtitles if you're so inclined - I ended up keeping the voices on because it just didn't seem right not to. I'm glad I had the option to turn it off though.It has a nice story and really pretty animated sequences at key moments such as the end of a chapter.I got this game as part of a discounted bundle, so I didn't pay full price and if I'm being honest I probably wouldn't. Iwoulddefinitely recommend this if it's on sale though :D I certainly don't regret playing it :)As an aside: the developer commentary was written down in English but the audio was mainly in German. I wouldn't have minded it too much, but as I was playing this game so I could play its sequel I was rather impatient and didn't want to take the time to read through all of the commentary."
,Not Recommended,268540,33025941,Posted: 29 June,all,Beezieweezie,"Not going to lie, I don't recommend this game, especially if this game is normally $20. I got this game in a bundle and in the summer sale so it was only $2 indivually. Now I wasn't expecting too much from this point and click game, mainly because I personally don't play too many of them. But I couldn't get past 5 minutes due to the horrible voice acting. Now normally I like puzzle games, point and click games, and I'm verry tollerable to bad voice acting, graphics, mechanics ect. So it was quite dissapointing when I couldn't just deal with the voices. Not to mention the main character is very deppressing... If you're ever going to get this game do yourself a favor and get it on sale!"
76561198078938077,Not Recommended,268540,25382797,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,chanisekiddo,"i cant get into this game.  the depressed whiny clown is to much, and the puzzles are to easy"
76561198109122130,Recommended,268540,23060923,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ThomasBlomkål,Some riddles are totally against a common sense. Even mr. Sandwich was confused sometimes.
76561198047806598,Recommended,268540,29160122,Posted: 10 January,all,Shaku,"This Game is truly a Masterpiece great story, wonderfull screens and beautiful voice overs, and to all those people who say you cant click on anything you gotta hold down the left mouse button...."
76561198168259630,Not Recommended,268540,29662917,Posted: 2 February,all,Emily the Strange,"4.5/10 I really wanted to enjoy this game. I normally really like Daedalic's games, but this one is a definite no. I haven't even finished it because of the bugs and confusing nature of certain puzzles and graphics. There were numerous puzzles that I tried to do correctly the first, and second time, only to have to exit out of the game and have it finally work after actually looking up a cheat and finding out that I was correct all along. Items weren't able to be combined until I tried several times, and there have been times that parts of the screen haven't even shown up. I have the correct operating system, and have even gone into different folders to try and fix things to no avail. It's just a crappy ""special"" edition. By the way, the main character's voice is like claws on a chalkboard. His voice alone may stand as warning enough to some. Seriously. Look up some YouTube videos."
,Recommended,268540,13932226,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,PaulDoymin,7/10
,Recommended,268540,10074301,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Grognard_87,"I played this game in the past, but I admit I quite like the extra knowledge from the developers. They sound quite awesome as they also mention Labyrinth, Dark Crystal and other Jim Henson movies as being a major inspiration for this game. If anything, it sounds like the team is awesome.I found the story to this game interesting, but the ending was really quite good too, however I hate the voice actor for Sadwick. I'm of course talking about the english version, but yes it is annoying. I also love how Daedelic make 2D games again and bringing them back in the spotlight. Not to mention that they aren't half-bad either.The creators are really awesome guys. I had the origonal game when I decided to buy their games after Deponia and now I got this one for free which is awesome."
76561198268115454,Not Recommended,268540,28391194,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,fionamaher55,Do not buy this game! I cannot click anything on it. It has bugs and no fix
,Not Recommended,268540,19753063,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,john,"The story was boring compared to Memoria. Buy memoria instead if you are looking for a good story. If you want a story that will put you to sleep buy this one. If you do buy this one, buy it when it is on sale because it is not worth buying for full price."
76561198181056393,Recommended,268540,33753822,Posted: 23 July,all,battle-drome,"I absolutely loved it!The mc's voice is a little grating, but you get used to it pretty soon.The art and animation is amazing, it has a fun world to explore and some of the puzzles are quite the clever brain teaser.The puzzles is not too difficult, but it does take some time and effort to solve and there are quite a few variety of it.It is so rare to see a full scale, hand drawn 2d point and click game with cinematic cut scenes included these days and I'm glad I found this one.The story is not the best, but the journey it took me was so fun, it is difficult to complain too much."
76561197970699470,Not Recommended,268540,23527004,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Saurbaum,The art work looks good but the English voice acting is appauling.  Making the main character so unlikeable doesn't drive me to find out more about him it just makes me turn the voices off.
76561198048309188,Not Recommended,268540,21637661,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Derk,I CANT GET PAST A CERTIN PART SO IM MAD. FAIL
,Not Recommended,268540,32344532,Posted: 11 June,all,xXx_69Elhyde69_xXx,"I bought a bundle and this game came with it, I still struggle to play it due to the voice acting of the main character, it is so annoying to listen to, the story hasn't really done anything to impress me yet, unlike ""The dark eye: Memoria"" which I enjoyed."
76561198197234309,Not Recommended,268540,31783980,Posted: 16 May,all,lddake,"Let me start out by saying that I did finish this game and it wasn't horrible by any stretch, but it really wasn't good either. I guess I'll start with the bad and go from there. I like point and click adventure games but I like them to make sense also. It happens enough times in this game that once figuring the next step out by randomly trying stuff or looking it up I can honestly say that I never would have thought of that. Also the game mechanics are not in any way standard for a point and click game, which, isn't horrible in and of itself but after the entire game it still wasn't feeling ""natural"" or anything like that. I still had to remind myself to hold and choose what action I wanted to use on the object of interest. Again, not a deal breaker, just kind of annoying. I ended up having to restart my game after starting it because they released an update that seemingly ""broke"" my game not allowing me to skip minigames, which is required to get all the achievements, and even after that after finishing the game I had to look up how to get the last acheivement due to another glitch needing to turn the commentary off in order for it to register with the game! Again, I honestly could've dealt with any of these issues fine I think but overall the game quality was not enough to wow me into giving it a positive recommendation.Now for the positive: It is a fairly unique storyline and atmosphere. I did enjoy that although it did get to be silly at times. Having your caterpillar friend who can learn new forms and change shapes for you to help you in your uest was also a very unique feature that added another dimension to the game, and was fairly intuitive to use so they did that aspect well. The twist at the end of the game, to me was completely unexpected and really kinda tied the entire story together to me and I did really like the ending.But for me, ultimately, the negative still outweighed the positive in this game. Not by a lot, and I still wish steam would add in another choice for these reviews because I do try to write reviews on my games but knowing what I know of this game I would say no. Maybe get it on sale if you're really interested or watch some gameplay videos online but just know that it's not great. Overall I'd give this game about 4.5 out of 10 for a score."
,Not Recommended,268540,22228951,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,KamiNoKaze,"The controls and the handling is terrible. The graphics are decent but Sadwick makes me feel miserable due to his ""everything's carp"" tinted glasses. The story is odd and I have lost interest after getting stuck the fifth time already.Not my kind of game - but if you like Point and clicks - sure."
,Not Recommended,268540,16607852,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,skittely,Just got the Special Edition version as part of Summer Sale and sad to say I can't get past the language selection page without my screen going black. I can still hear the noises and click around blindly but can't see what's going on! Hope it's fixed soon.
,Not Recommended,268540,18196756,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ElusiveOne,"Two things initially led me to this title. Having just completed the strangely compellingBroken Age, which wistfully plunged me right back into classic adventure gaming, I was now primed for more quality point and clicking. Then I saw the excellent trailer for The Whispered World's upcoming sequel, Silence. I was sold.Some nice in-game animations and elegant background art make this game mostly enjoyable for the eyes. The carefully crafted hand-drawn environments are all of uncompromising high quality, sometimes with an air of Discworldness charm. The overall visual quality is immediately appealing.The game's most disheartening facet is unfortunately reason alone to completely soil the entire experience: Sadwick is an immeasurably insupportable lead character. His unlikeable depressed loser personality shows very few redeeming qualities and, from memory, bears no comparable equivalent in the long history of comically incompetent protagonists. However, this is still nothing compared to his especially unbearable voice. Why the developer chose to ruin an otherwise decent game with such grating performance and amateur voice direction is beyond reason.Uneven dialogue quality often turns into boring overdrawn segments and repeats unnecessarily. An annoying audio glitch cuts off the beginning of every single line, resulting in characters that appear not to take a breath in between sentences. It is not all bad - there are a few interesting characters and situations, but they get lost in the affair's global tediousness.Interactions feel dated: the player pointlessly grabs anything in sight, often without prior insight to its possible future use, and tries to combine items more or less logically to complete puzzles. Sure, that's old school adventuring, but the game does a poor job of guiding the player subtly or making you feel smart when completing objectives. Most glaring is the illogical use of Spot, the hero's inexplicably shape-shifting pet, which feels like a tacked-on solution for puzzles that otherwise make little sense.To top it off the game kept crashing several times towards the end, coupled with very buggy click registrations that gave it a sense of poor technical quality.There is no telling how much I wanted to like The Whispered World. I really did, but that feeling rapidly transformed into an eagerness to get it over with and move on to something better."
,Not Recommended,268540,14433699,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Deisophia,"The Whispered World is by no means a bad game. In fact it's actually a really good game, with some exceptional faults that destroy the rest of the magic.The game is a delight to view, the hand rendered backgrounds are exceptional and even the pen and line animations are good, if slightly halting at times. The cutscenes suffer a little as they pull completely from the Disney style animation and lack the richer background texture and colour palette.The music is also a delight, and fits the fantastic world well, with soft natural tones that play quietly in the background and aren't a distraction at all. As for the voice acting, it was fairly bad. The narrator (Sadwick's voice) is nasal and annoying, to the point of being so annoying that I simply ended up turning the sound off and played by reading the subtitles. That said albeit it being annoying, the catch is the voice is a perfect one to suit the pessimistic, morose main character.Now coming to the characterisation, Daedalic seem to enjoy taking unlikable unlikely hero's and making them the protagonists (Rufus in Deponia). Sadwick continues this trend, he complains, and generally acts like a complete misanthrope, to the exasperation of not only his circus family, who deny him doing anything as he invariably messes it up  and himself. It's a difficult character to make a protagonist, as games require an active character, willing to undertake quests and action. As an unwilling character Sadwick seems ""forced"" and it makes him most difficult to identify with, however his lifting mood and transformation after a few success, that makes him more of an optimist alleviate this feeling, so it is worth sticking with. Spot serves as the ability extender in this game, and he is appealing not only for his unwavering dog-like faith and devotion to Sadwick, but also because you can't help wondering what creature he actually is that he can be dissected, set on fire and compressed and yet still survive. Spot is probably the games greatest mystery, and moreover his transitions between forms is amusing to watch.The rest of the characters are fairly forgettable, with uninteresting dialogue and generic set-ups that don't add anything particularly new or interesting to the game, mainly serving as clue givers to the puzzle-solving scenarios.The plot itself is short, and self-contained moves along fairly rapidly between puzzles and is otherwise well constructed, except for the dismal plot-twist ending. It is a plot-twist so generic, cliche and overused that it in fact lessens the impact of the game and delimits the otherwise more interesting philosophical underpinning to the game. It is meant to play upon your heart-strings and emotionally manipulate you, and it does achieve this, you will feel emotionally manipulated, butI still found it to be too disappointing,even though I suspected that he would ""wake up and find it all a dream"".The gameplay is itself not bad as far as point and click games go. The major hold up is the frustrating menu system, that slows down interactions, requiring you to click the mouse twice to look, speak or touch and a rather clunky inventory system, that doesn't support mouse scrolling. Walking about is simple enough, however every now and then the click to walk would hang and I found myself only able to click on interactive objects, precipitating a need to exit and re-enter the area. A fairly frustrating little bug.I really would be able to recommend this short adventure game, but there are better titles out there to play. So only pick this up if it's on sale, you're a Daedalic fan and must own all their titles or have played most of the other more highly recommended point n click adventures and are still looking for a fix."
,Not Recommended,268540,16265839,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,starchboy,"This is a point and click adventure about a clown that is destined to destroy the world. He wants to save it instead. Unfortunately, it is not a very intuitive game, and nearly impossible to play without a walk-through. Steam doesn't have a walkthrough in English, so you basically have to have an internet browser open to play this game. Also, the main characters voice is SUPER annoying, and all of the characters whine all the time."
76561198036353473,Not Recommended,268540,18386561,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Bilbö Swaggins,"The story seems to get ahead of itself, it starts out great but seems really rushed towards the end. Fairly enjoyable but i felt like it was missing alot."
,Not Recommended,268540,20048166,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,causticAlchemy,"Just gunna start this off with the fact I've played a whole 10 minutes of this game.It is very pretty looking, the artwork was lovely and the gameplay was alright for as much of it that I got to experience.What stopped me playing the game was the voice acting for Sadwick the Clown. His english voice really got on my nerves. So if you are curious about this game, then I suggest you look up some gameplay on Youtube and see if you can tolerate the voice first!"
76561198035403201,Recommended,268540,26905292,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Incerto,"um dos melhores adventures, final mt bom!"
76561198021220422,Recommended,268540,26957322,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Smothly,"""I'm Saaaaaadddwwiiiiicckk"""
76561198302297823,Not Recommended,268540,34858040,Posted: 10 September,all,marcinmitzner,Nice graphics and music but the gameplay and difficulty spikes are just awfull. Add some irritating developer commentary during the game and there you have it. Great potential for family adventure game but that's all...
,Recommended,268540,35160203,Posted: 23 September,all,JanPeterGreeen,"This game is so beautiful, i love the story and the characters."
76561198044461608,Not Recommended,268540,24918039,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Rönne,"I played this game for maybe 10 minutes and decided not to continue. The interface, the pace of the game, the main character.. Overall the feel of the game just put me off! Would not recommend it to anybody for there are plenty of good and actually playable point-and-clickers out there."
,Not Recommended,268540,25501505,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Blue Ϟ Lightning,I completly recomend the armageddon bundle but this is the worst game in it (imo)controls are buggy and puzzles don't make sense at times. All the other daedalic games are better than this.
,Recommended,268540,32515781,Posted: 17 June,all,IcyCyborg,Great point in click game and had a great ending I didn't expect.
76561198253864360,Not Recommended,268540,22021538,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ogrezho66,"Same as The Night of Rabbit which brings you to storytelling before sleep and drag you back to childhood life.the good thing of this game is NO VIOLENCE, NO BLOOD, NO STRATEGY, NO ACTION. Just drama and there is a guide to solve the adventures."
76561198063193728,Not Recommended,268540,15041847,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Sayanne,"It's the story of a Jester and his pet caterpillar trying to save the world.Very long game, very nice graphics. The story line is good, but the game is not intuitive.I had to use a walk-through for at least half of the game, since there is no hints available.Personally, I don't recommend this game. After 3 hours in, I couldn't wait for it to end, it took me 15 hours to finish and I used a walk-through."
,Not Recommended,268540,19572472,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Berras Bord,"Not a fun experience.I really wanted to play a great point and click game, but this has boring and unlikeable characters, bad puzzels and snoozy dialouge.It's very slow and grey looking. It's from 2009 but still has letterboxing on the sides...The audio is broken to, when characters speak the sound cuts of to fast, almost mid-sentence. Very annoying.I wanted to like it, really tried. But it's just objectivly bad."
,Not Recommended,268540,21600481,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Lake333GLD,1000 and 1 click to perform any action? Are you kidding?
76561198105000850,Not Recommended,268540,26642811,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,x_secret,This buggy game with click-click-click..... and this does nothing...........
76561198028684918,Not Recommended,268540,13955828,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Plunk,"I really like Graphic Adventure Games, but Whispered World is just not worth playing.PROSBeautiful backgrounds.Nice soundtrack.CONSThe Special Edition doesn't work on my PC. Had to play the normal one.There is no wide screen option. (unbelievable for a 2010 released game)Main character's voice acting is pretty annoying and dumb.Nonsense solutions for some crazy puzzles.Poor story with a lame ending.Third rate animations and cutscenes.Graphic errors and glitchs in the last chapter.If you want to play a good graphic adventure, avoid this game and try old Lucasarts point-and-click adventure games."
76561198314066753,Not Recommended,268540,29153364,Posted: 9 January,all,hedfuc,"I hated the voice of the main character. the lisp was so annoying, i'm amazed that i didn't kill myself.the ending was also bad AF"
76561198100253763,Not Recommended,268540,29247149,Posted: 14 January,all,Amane Yu,click issue.....its really annoying
,Not Recommended,268540,29450269,Posted: 23 January,all,villakoiria,"I finished this game with a walkthrough but I didn't really enjoy it. The voice acting, especially of the main character, was so irritating that I turned off all game sounds and listened to my own music instead.SPOILERS BELOW.The story was predictable as heck, I guessed the ending as a joke during chapter 1. I was hoping until the very end that I was wrong about it, but no. What a lazy way to end a story. I would have enjoyed it more, had theysomehow tied the characters in Sadwick's dreamworld to the real world, or in any way added meaning to object or events in the dream world. Maybe flashes of Sadwick's life before the coma, maybe an explanation to why he's so pessimistic about everything.Sadwick as a character didn't grow at all, I had to listen to him whine and complain about everything going wrong in his life while trying to interacting with almost any item in the game. Jeez, way to alienate players from your main character.I did like the minigames in the game, especially the chessboard puzzle, and those I did without the walkthrough. I didn't really care enough (or at all to be honest) about the story to try to figure out the bigger puzzles on my own."
76561198031680406,Not Recommended,268540,31446307,Posted: 29 April,all,civilization,There are too many illogical puzzles in this game. Do yourself a favour and skip it.
76561198005357441,Not Recommended,268540,16679159,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SinRopa,"Far too many duplicate triggers with the same voice response. Always the biggest thing I cant stand about these games.Early in I find no reason to recommend this game. If that changes, so will my review.Notes:- decent art direction- bad voice acting / lack of lip sync (multi lang?)- click method for interaction is not the best- was not ""pulled in"" to the story yet - will give it a second chance at some point"
76561198178024883,Not Recommended,268540,16002952,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ClemFandango,Given up because the characters are far too irritating! Maybe I can come back to it one day!
76561198220276441,Not Recommended,268540,21619931,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,SkullRabbit,"Sorry, I Quit after 10minutes in the game. the character designs, the art style, the click functions, kinda disgust me. At least it makes me want to go back to play FLASH-based point&click on Armorgames for better experiences."
,Not Recommended,268540,27774018,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,我叫坂本你怕不怕,"the fullscreen mode doesn't work,the experience really bad"
,Recommended,268540,21413203,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lucasones,
76561198165590055,Not Recommended,268540,15112838,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,stanislav.starkov,Awful and dull game. With main caracter who is doing nothing but nagging. Waste of money.
76561197984325558,Not Recommended,268540,19319265,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bearcat,"So... very... slow...  Click.  Snore.  Realize it didn't see the click.  Click again.  Click CLICK CLICK CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK!!!  Oh - there.  The little look/choose/talk icons showed up.  Click one.  Click it again.  Okay, it worked this time.  Listen to whiny little putz complain about everything and watch him plod slowly around.  Bang head on keyboard.  Repeat.(No - I didn't really care for it.  Like other people have said, the artwork is pretty, the voice acting is good.  But as a game... it SUCKS.)"
,Not Recommended,268540,13619517,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Armedmaniac,I got about 6 minutes into the game and decided I couldn't stand the main characters voice. The point and click aspect was also more cumbersome than other daedelic games.
76561198094202321,Not Recommended,268540,34024022,Posted: 4 August,all,Uribheidi,This game is so unbearably boring.  If you love clicking through endless dialouge to get clues then it's the game for you.  I however couldn't stay awake through the 2nd scene and gave up exasperated. Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
,Not Recommended,268540,22899035,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Webby,I cant stand the main characters voice and negative attitude any longer. Will leave it running in the background for a while until I get the trading cards.
76561198149403028,Not Recommended,268540,11962301,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,taniaholland,I won't be recommending this game at all. It just keeps crashing and despite following a ton of advice on this from other frustrated players nothing seems to fix it. I won't be buying from Steam again.
76561198017438051,Not Recommended,268540,25865107,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zhies,I can't believe I played this lousy click fest game.
,Recommended,268540,22185692,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,beacandy,"I'm frustrated. This game is fun, has some decent puzzles (and some slightly obtuse ones), and pushes the limits on item-combining shenanigans, providing unique responses to almost every combination I tried. I liked the art style and was charmed by the complicated ideas it presented, as well as drawn to the nihilistic, cowardly, and deceitful Sadwick. I wasn't bothered much by the minor clicking glitches, too absorbed in doing everything possible to try to save or maybe destroy this world I got sucked into.But then. The ending. The kind of an ending this got can work sometimes, if there's a sufficient buildup or a particularly engaging message. But this time, it just felt like nonsense, completely invalidating my investment in the game. I can't help but be pretty disappointed. All of the questions raised, like if there can be a stagnation-induced stability, or whether you could fight fate, or what the world's state means and why the people in power aren't fixing it, these questions are all dismissed in favor of some new character I have no reason to care about.Still, the enjoyment in the rest of the game was good enough for me to recommend it, though I'd try to wait for a sale if possible."
76561197991250167,Recommended,268540,21594570,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Del Rod,"Sad Clown... ^^The game is GreaT, good puzzles, Great art work!But the sadness is killing me... i cant play again...whateaver?OMG Its like my real life day by day!OK. Free Cry!"
76561198020269722,Recommended,268540,23681143,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,shannoneprince,"Overall, this was an enjoyable, unique game and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys adventure games with strong dialogue and a compelling plot. The game is, however, flawed with strange bugs. For example, the game will just pop back to the menu screen randomly. You can click ""return to game"" and it will go back to where it crashed, but still a bug. The cut scenes are the weakest part of the game, with terribly cheap-looking animations. Even the director commentary details how they ended up outsourcing the cut scenes to save money.Despite these oddities, the game is funny, the main character Sadwick is lovable and I enjoy following him through the story. His commentary is so fresh, I literally clicked on everything I could just to hear what he would say when he touched, looked, and licked something (yes, one of the optionis a mouth, and you can ""mouth"" every object). The fact that he also has a lovable, strangly malleable pet catepillar is all the more enjoyable.The puzzles are pretty lame (one is even a slider puzzle...) but you can skip them. The real fun comes with the object puzzles and this awesome sequence where you control your pet Spot.The game is a little overly existential with a peculiar ending, but the game is solid and kind of a gem."
76561197969749884,Recommended,268540,23654931,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,Beautiful adventure with a serious plot twist. Great art and puzzle design. Simply beautiful and one of Daedalic's best games.
,Recommended,268540,23656578,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,StewTM,"Classic Daedalic P&C-adventure. Actually, I think it's their best work, speaking of the world, characters, story, charm, drawings etc. The puzzles are ok, but the rest is super awesome."
76561198105671942,Recommended,268540,23468894,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,y.olg,"Nice game. It's enchanting and sad but humorous too which is something Daedalic seem to be good at. As other people have mentioned the solutions to some of the puzzles are totally bizarre, you wouldn't get them without a walkthrough or trying absolutely everything. Don't let that put you off though because the majority of the puzzles are completely fine. Another strange thing was that the game was beautifully drawn and animated, great details but the cutscenes were of a much lower quality. And I didn't like the ending but that's just personal preference.All in all this is a lovely game if you like point and click adventures but I wouldn't say it's worth the full price."
76561198037227714,Recommended,268540,23469453,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Reggaeweirdo,"Cute, beautiful backdrop, and storybook like. However the protagonist voice gets a little annoying. Would recommend none the less!"
,Not Recommended,268540,23042604,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Anarchist Cat,"Sadly there are utterly gamebreaking bugs in the game.A hairnet not spawning in your save = You have to replay from start again.I've not felt like playing further since due to it.And yes, I double checked to see if it would be there if I made a new game - and it was.So sometimes, an item will not spawn and will prevent you from progressing completely and you'll have to start over....I spent 4+ hours in this normal version, taking in the story and whatnot, put the game away for a LONG time due to IRL stuff and then came back to it - special edition this time....and to meet this type of game breaking bug is really not making me want to try get as far again.It has a lovely soundtrack, some quirky characters and lovely artstyle, it's a shame the technical stuff seems to have gone bonkers."
,Recommended,268540,25726077,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Bones,"Okay so I have to say, there was a moment or two in which the puzzles were solved in a very...odd manner. There were also a couple of instances in which the audio got a bit funky and skipped, and the main characters voice was initially off putting, but it grew on me after a while. However those small issues aside I would say it was fairly well done, I liked the inclusion of spot in some of the puzzles, The length was good at around 8-10 hours, the story was decent and it had two endings. I would recomend trying this game."
,Recommended,268540,30696551,Posted: 23 March,all,Beruka,"The Whispered World ReviewThe best point and click in yearsOverviewThe Whispered World is a German point and click game from 2009. There is a sequel, Silence, released in 2016. I don't know what the Special Edition added, but I'm guessing optimization for modern systems and bonus content. The art is amazing, and the story is great. I recommend this game fully.Pros:+ Amazing art style, looks right out of an old book.+ Voice acting may be grating, but it fits the atmosphere of ""old fairy tale"" perfectly.+ Puzzles are point and click staples, like the sliding puzzle, or using logic and items to help a charactergo from Point A to Point B.+ Story is captivating with a plot twist.+ Music is great.Cons:- Interface isn't intuitive, you have to hold down the mouse to pick what youwant to do with an object or person, look, talk or pick up, when only 1 option worksfor the most part. Will get used to it, but tedious if you have played other point and click games.- Dev commentary is German with English subtitles.- I experienced no issues, but reports of poor optimization.- The protagonist is cruel to his pet for no reason. I don't care, but it makes him look like anasshat.Score:8.8/10"
,Recommended,268540,30930747,Posted: 3 April,all,Sjomle,"At first i didn't really like the story objectives or characters but the game got better with time in my experience every chapter was better than the last so if you dont like chapter 1 i encourage you to give chapter 2 a try, artstyle was not bad but nothing amazing either, soundtrack was great you should get it with the game in bonus content, puzzles were great especially the 4 big ones, i have heard complains about the puzzles not making any sense i noticed it with the spot ones but nothing else (not a big deal),had one achievement problem which really sucks, not my favourite daedalic game but still a daedalic game :b"
,Recommended,268540,26252260,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,6twistedbiscuits,"It's nice looking, there are some fun puzzles and a good plot but the game has some faults.- The ending badly lets it down. I hate the ending.- The mouse doesn't always click, which gets quite annoying and can make it hard to play.- Some of the puzzles have no logic to them.Sadwick is at first quite an annoying character but he quickly becomes more interesting as his determination to prevent his fate grows. He's randomly cruel to his pet catapiller, who seems to enjoy it, and then there are the pantaloons..."
76561198006986577,Recommended,268540,22660202,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"Another fantastic point and click adventure game from Daedalic.  The voice acting is great(if you can get past the main character's obnoxious one), and the world(and art) is simply whimsical.  The story was really neat and unexpected."
76561197967574507,Recommended,268540,30785520,Posted: 27 March,all,bAsTi,"Well, one of the best game-endings I've ever experienced!"
,Recommended,268540,30837491,Posted: 30 March,all,Tottel,"Note: Ignore my play-time, I have played the original Steam version for 24 hours.The Whispered World is a beautiful adventure game that makes you fall in love with a depressed clown.I really don't mind the voice acting. It's charming and it fits the main character.I've been playing this game late in the evenings, with not a soul around. I keep coming back for its amazingly touching artstyle and soundtrack.Sure, the puzzles can be a little bit frustrating sometimes. But I've never played any adventure game where they weren't.So many of them are great and original (Maurice's Medium Museum!).I don't want to spoil anything, so let's just say that the ending hit me. Hard.I was already loving my entire playthrough, and I did not expect for the ENTIRE game to suddenly be put into a new context. They could have made the entire game without it and it would still have been great. But that extra layer of depth just made it perfect."
,Recommended,268540,27567125,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zwiterjake,Awesome adventure game...cool story
76561198193789577,Not Recommended,268540,29119382,Posted: 8 January,all,sannannas,"I am a big Deadalic fan and would love to play this game. Elas, bought it, installed it, but it doesn't work.For a point and click game, not being able to click on things is a bit of a deal breaker. I tried to find a fix online for this major bug, but the only thing I found were other people with the same problem and no solution.So to make a long story short. If you want a fantastic game, buy any of the other deadalic games, but not this one.This one is a total rip off."
76561198352734657,Not Recommended,268540,28972523,Posted: 3 January,all,qwertykim27,"This game seems like to failed for adjusting the degree of leveling. I think adventure game is very improtant of it, but is is totally failed. When you play this game you'll feel something strange and unnatural. I have to find guide posts. (how can i say it, the youtube video that shows playing)However, My thought, I'll never play again which out of this production, was changed when I saw it's ending.I have a little interesing about the next game, silence, but just little.This game is absolutely STORY RICH but remember it can be little annoying."
,Recommended,268540,28636539,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lemmysir,"The Whispered World game was great all round.There were a few points in the game I didn't like and thought were a bit annoying (some puzzles) but all in all I liked it, got most of the achievements on my first playthrough, and then ran a quick playthrough to get the rest (There's even an achievement you get if you skip all the puzzles lol).Pros:-Good story-Interesting characters (Spot has some nice abilities)-I enjoyed playingCons:-Somewhat complicated controls (with having to always pick the correct one of the three options available)-Some puzzles are basicaly just luck and annoying (well only the sliding shield puzzle actualy, the rest were allright)All in all I would recommend this game for people who like adventure games with a decent storyline."
,Recommended,268540,21699334,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ghozt,"This game is quite difficult, but still fun and interesting.Rating:7/10Features:Replayability:1/10Story:8/10Lore:8/10Additional Features:Singleplayer onlyPoint and clickPuzzle-Adventure"
76561197987285905,Not Recommended,268540,28454158,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,amuhcow,"In general, I really like this game. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥at times to figure out the different solutions, but it all is solvable, given a bit of thinking and a few hours of try and error.Where it gets to me is the part where the solution is a random sliding puzzle. I have no problem with try and error, but a sliding game that's just sliding tiles around for hours on end... That for me was a real game-killer. Every other puzzle was fashioned in a way that you could get it done either with a bit of leg work or exploring a bit more to look for the stuff you missed. But this sliding♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. After looking at the same plate for just 5 minutes, I was allready tired of trying to solve that part. And it's randomized as well, so every game presents a unique solution to this.I like puzzles, but I don't fancy spending my spare time sliding around tiles, possibly for hours and hours..On that basis alone, it kind of ruined the rest of the otherwise brilliant game for me."
,Recommended,268540,28037608,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gib Gulag :DDDDDDDDDD,"At first you're sad, then you get sadder, then you are happy. Buy the game."
,Recommended,268540,27987336,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PhD.Q,"Played this game to prepare for Silence (the sequel) and never have thought that it will make me cry. Absolutely great story. I recommend it A LOT, even though the puzzles are not the best in the genre. Play for the story."
76561198012023582,Recommended,268540,31105214,Posted: 12 April,all,lewrker,"Great art, fantastic music, interesting and amusing story. Puzzles range from stumbling unto solutions without knowing the puzzle to absolutely mad nonsense and nightmare fuel.that ending…"
,Not Recommended,268540,31107875,Posted: 12 April,all,Raggamuffin,"Five World Review: A not-so-fun adventure.Favorite Thing: Probably Spot. He was a neat sidekick.Least Favorite Thing: Sadwick. I don't like him. Plus the videos, the 80s (70s?) style animation is retro in a bad way.Completion Date: 2017-03-31Playtime: ~ 6h (Consulted a walkthrough quite a few times)Enjoyment: 5/10 I was looking forward to it ending.Recommendation: Not really. I wanted to play Silence so I'm hoping there's enough of a tie-in to justify playing this one."
76561198074169975,Recommended,268540,31412293,Posted: 28 April,all,PhoenixT1,"It's beautiful, but the story is very sad and some puzzles are unclear."
76561198211095520,Not Recommended,268540,31571920,Posted: 5 May,all,Judarry,"Won't load tried everything give up.  spent hours trying to load up, but won't work"
,Recommended,268540,32060467,Posted: 30 May,all,M'-a,"Used to play games like this when i was 7-9yrs old.It has pretty interesting story, but boring gameplay.Would recommend foryounger players.5/10"
,Not Recommended,268540,32199054,Posted: 5 June,all,Calamity Jones,"I wouldn't recommend bothering with this game. In comparison to the Deponia titles from the same developer, it is vastly inferior - I found the voice acting to be very annoying, and the puzzles to be irritating and obscure. I didn't try the German version, so perhaps that is better - but if you're looking for a funny point & click adventure, check out Deponia!"
,Recommended,268540,34066744,Posted: 6 August,all,Menabugs,"The game starts off a little slow and unnecessarily complex, but once you kind of get in the groove of the game, it really picks up and is in the same realm of enjoyability as any Daedalic game. Of course, as most have pointed out, the main character's voice is the worst, so I muted the voices and game soundtrack about 2 min into the game and just listened to my own music. I don't know that I would be $20 for this game because the replay value to me is minimal since I disliked all the characters, but if you get it on sale, it's still a decent story with a really interesting ending."
76561198040919135,Recommended,268540,35013887,Posted: 16 September,all,Cylexus,"A great adventure for fans of point and click games, this one is very wordy so be prepared to sit and listen to characters discuss the nature of time and change. Double so if you choose to listen to the directors commentary throughout."
76561198261597554,Recommended,268540,34519227,Posted: 26 August,all,ifraim.f,"A point and click adventure game where you have to collect items, combine them, use them on your surroundings, on other people etc, talk to people. There's a lot of reading to do but thankfully, the dialogue can be skipped. A moderate length game compared to Deponia. Ending was a bit dissapointing though. Overall, it's recommended."
76561198016989249,Recommended,268540,33702362,Posted: 21 July,all,Alexander Mirdzveli,It's the masterpiece.
76561198327743880,Recommended,268540,34420066,Posted: 22 August,all,Witcombed1,"good point and click game with really nice graphics but for me the main characters voice really goes through me ,but that may just be me ..lol"
76561198106022007,Not Recommended,268540,34848970,Posted: 9 September,all,mrsskm52,"This has to be one of the most irritating point and clicks I have ever tried to play. The voice of Sadwick just grates and annoys you so you click through the dialogue without listening to it and there is no direction. You are given a list to start but no idea what you are really meant to be doing. One day if I am really really stuck for something to do, I may have another go but I played 45 minutes and could stand it no more so uninstalled the game."
