user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197985848071,Recommended,268650,16318891,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,majyst,"As a player who has over 2,400 hours into this game, i would have to say that I like it. For people who like building things this game provides an outlet to not only be creative, but to also try to put together new and interesting mechanical functions and systems.So, what is the game?Fundamentally, it is a complex vehicle designer with a focus on water based ships, and flying things which you then use to destroy other designs either in the vehicle designer, or in the massive campaign.As a new player you will first be heading to the Vehicle designer to figure out how to build something. Here you can use blocks to build the shapes of the vehicle you want. Anything from Small boats to battleships, jets to spaceships, hydrofoils, helicopters, submarines, even rudimentary ground units (Wheels and ground stuff are rumored to be improved in the future)You can mix and match as you please too, want a ship powered by large jets? Fine, go for it, its all up to your creativity.The weapon systems are also highly customizable, you dont just choose a gun from a list and smack it down on the ship, no in FTD you build the weapons block by block. Want cannon? Well do you want fast firing machine guns? That will take many auto-loaders and ammo boxes and little or no gauge increases. Want it to shoot Armor piercing rounds or Explosive? Gotta added those blocks to the gun too. Your gun knocking your ship over with each massive shell? Better add some recoil suppression to the cannon barrels.Do you like missiles? Big ones or small, fast, or slow, Fragmentation, Explosive or EMP? In the water? You bet you can make torpedoes! Mines? Check! Dumb fire bombs, Absolutly! Laser firing sharks tied to a rocket?!?!? Posi…wait, no you cant do that one, but maybe its in development.All weapon systems are modular (except simple weaopons).These systems are currentlyCannonsMissilesLasersAll of which can be customized to function in multiple ways.So, now you have your awesome first design? What do you do with it?Go play the campaign! You load onto a world named Neter where you have a tiny wooden fortress and a dinky little boats. In the campaign you gain resources by mining it in zones, so when you start you may not be able to afford your awesome boat you designed so you will have to go design a smaller cheapers boat (in campaign or in the designer)Now, you have this tiny sad little wood boat, probably with some missiles on it, what to do? Well, there 8 factions out there waiting to be destroyed or destroy you. You can control your boat yourself, or send it out to fight under the control of the ships AI, which you will need since you will have many ships in a fleet.  You are already at war with the Deep Water guard, and they are coming to get you. As you build up more resources by mining and destroying enemy ships you can in turn build up bigger ships of your own.So, now you've destroyed everything in Neter and you own the world? What do you do now?Well, a recent addition to FTD is the world Editor, here you can build your own world and your own factions to go blow up, or share the world with friends so they too can blow up YOUR world.This game has limitless potential, with a Developer who literally works WITH the community. I dont mean he reads suggestions, no he actually puts the design of enemy ships and enemy factions in the hands of the community and puts in new things based on the suggestions of the community.Give it a try, once you get the hang of it you will be rewarded over and over when you build something new and more awesome than your last creation."
,Recommended,268650,32235041,Posted: 7 June,all,pinbuck,"pros:-has what seems to be endless gameplay-you design what you want, how you want it, as long as it's practical and does the job you gave it-multiplayer ability-many main campaigns, and tons of side campaigns, and story missions-the game is complicated, and is no longer just ""bigger is better"" when creating guns, engines, etc. (in the latest version of the game)-mods are really easy to install once you get the hang of it-official game forum, where you can find mods, help, etc.http://www.fromthedepthsgame.com/forum/index.phpthere's also steam workshop mods, but these are easier to install and will not update and cause problems-unity 5 port coming soon to a steam store near you-a great way to get more people on your friends listcons:-difficult and way too complicated for new players who don't have any help or background understanding-the game's store page picture showcase is from the most earliest version of the game, 2014-creator is putting from the depths on hold so that he can make a new game, only tiny updates happen, like small block texture updates, but he will return maybe after a year or a half year-building takes a long time, including testing, updating designs-in order to make youtube videos like lathrix does, you need to edit a lot of the building out because it takes so long-in most multiplayer building games, it can be difficult to do co-op designs unless you and your friend(s) have the same designing process-it is difficult to play with players across the world, recommendation that you play with players in neighboing countries or your own country-early access, a lot of unfinished stuffother than that, this game is great to have in your library"
76561198079730609,Recommended,268650,17913464,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Avius-Chan,"This is how this game works. You buy the game, watch the tutorial, get excited, build your first ship, first ship sinks, you go back to the drawing board, you make improvements, Ship works YAY, you get excited, you spawn a small enemy ship, you blow it to bits, you feel accomplished you spawn 2 small enemy ships you blow them to bits, you start to have faith in your design, so you spawn a bigger enemy, and guess what happens there, YOU get blown to bits, you cry, rage quit the game and go to sleep, after all you've been playing for 7 hours straight. During your sleep, you get a dream about a new stronger design, you either wake in the middle of the night with excitement or wait untill morning, anyways, you construct your new improved and mighty ship, you spawn the bigger ship that blew you to bits hopeing for revenge, 20 seconds later you're inches away from breaking your monitor as your ammo caches gets hit by a stray shell from his cannon and makes a majestic explosion. You ralise, armour is the solution, so you go back to the drawing board and make the most armoured ship you can, you release it in the water....it sinks, you keep trying and it keeps sinking....you're frustratd, insecure, you have lost faith in your designs, you think you cant play this game anymore, but it's too late you already played 20 hours of it in the first 2 days, you realise you cannot give up. You then open ol' trusty google and youtube you scour them for as much information as you can. 7 hours of research later and a few physics lessons from your old school book read on the way. You become a ship building expert, you then use your new found knowledge to design the ultimate boat to crush your fearsome enemy and then...... SUCCESS!! You have sunk the enemy ship. You feel good about yourself, go fap and go to sleep all happy feeling like a worthy engineer. You wake up next morning thinking ""Hey, I wanna try my luck with the campaign"" You start the campaign, remember you still have some left over confidence from that battle in the designer mode, first thing that happens in the campaign, you get attacked by a dingy you feel even more confident and actually for a second believe you can win this campaign. 20 mins later, you get attacked by the Deep Water Guard Crazy Chicken Armada. You look at that vessel in disbelief, cursing the day you bought this game (which is about 3 days ago) and the Crazy Chicken blows you and you fleet to smithereens....you rage quit and you rinse and repeat the above.11/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,268650,17104879,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Eggs Benedict,"Superb! Truly amazing amount of vehicles, fortresses, spaceships, warships, etc to create! In depth missile, engine, cannon,  and AI customization. Still learn something new every time I play it. Developer is very active in the forum and frequently updates the game. CPU intensive with large firefights / ships"
,Recommended,268650,19086802,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Da5id,"""You can't miss if you hit everything.""-RobbazLearning curve is a bit intense, but quite satisfying once you get the hang of things! I've already put in 10+ hours in the first week and I'm still trying to figure some stuff out. But that's part of the fun!Overall a well pollished alpha and a fun game."
76561197995285517,Recommended,268650,17269913,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Yohsharah,"The concept and depth of this game is huge. The only thing you are provided with in the campaign is a simple fort and a small boat. Everything else is up to you. you build your ships how you want to. Your cannons how you want too. want a long range Artillery gun or a rapid fire AA gun? Go ahead and piece it together and build it. want a submarie that fires torpedos or launches torpedos that turn into missiles? Piece it together how you want to.For me the game did take a couple youtube videos and about half a bottle of whiskey to really figure out how stuff works together to really make an effective ship. of my 20 something hours played so far probably 15 of it has been spent trying different designs of ships and weaponry to see what functions together well. But, that has been the best part.There really is no better feeling than building up a fleet of ships that you have created to watch them blow up the enemy in a battle and tear through the offensive lines.It is in early access and has a few minor bugs i've seen, but nothing really game breaking that i have discovered. The graphics are nice for a voxel based game. On both my PC and gaming laptop i have not discovered one second Under 30 FPS, it runs smoothe on my machines.All in all, buy this game, it really reminds me of a game i would have always wanted as a kid when all i had was legos.4.5/5  -  The only reason i wouldnt give this game 5 start is the lack of a tutorial or some explanations of certain things. Which really isnt a big deal because I'm fairly positive in beta or full release they will have a very nice in depth tutorial."
76561197996186863,Recommended,268650,17332064,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,nephilimnexus,"This is a variable thumbs up.  Which is to say, this game is not for everyone.  It appeals to a certain venn diagram demographic of people who grew up building castles with Legos and then finding ways to wreck them.  Which I imgaine is a pretty big group, it is true, but still isn't everyone.  Lucky for me I'm in that group.Be warned, however, that it requires that certain obsessiveness when it comes to building things most commonly seen in Minecraft players who live logged into the game from inside their life support pods, being feed through IV drips as they continue the sixth year of their quest to recreate, in 1-to-1 scale, the Taj Mahalandit's surrounding gardens.  If you're not that insane, however, you're in luck - the integrated Workshop is already overflowing with more prefab designs of varying degrees of ""That's no moon!"" than you can imagine, so honestly you'll never reallyhaveto design anything if you don't want to.  And if youarethat kind of crazy, thanks!  We really appreciate all that neat stuff in the Workshop.  Well done!Then comes the fun part - destroying everything in sight.  Once you get your Insane Flying Battleship of Laser Doom finished it's time to head out and see what it's got.  Thankfully, do to an amazingly complex AI system, at this point you can just sit back and watch your engines of destruction curb-stomp inferior NPCs all day until you find yourself drooling and yelling ""Smash Beetles!""Ah, but eventually the game difficulty will ramp up, the NPCs will start fielding their own doomships and from there the battles will look like a Minecraft rendition of ""Star Blazers"" as kilometer long dreadnauts butt heads against each other in battles worthy of Godzilla's applause.There is, of course, some downsides: If you're actually playing the campaign, good luck in actually getting any of those super-dooper ships assembled in anything less than five hours, because the gap between a player's campaign starting resource generation and the ambitions of the Workshop gnomes can be measured in parsecs.  Picking out the cheap, practical stuff can be a quest in itself... unless you want to make it yourself, and that leads to the other problem: The AI system.Woe to he who does not spend several hours learning the many intricacies of the AI modules & system, and I don't just mean the tutorial stuff.  Making AI do anything more complex than ""fly in circle and shoot stuffs"" requires something resembling actually programming ability, and is not for the faint of heart or lacking of scripting skills.  Mastering that can make building your firstworkinglaser cannon seem simple in comparison.However, again a lot of people whocanhandle that probably fall into the same venn diagram area I mentioned at the beginning of this review, so it's notthatbig of deal.  Yeah, the game almost requires a certain mindset but then it appeals most to that mindset to begin with.Now as for the ""Early Access"" thing: The campaign system still need some work but it's functinal.  In fact, everything in the game is functional right now.  From here my prediction is that development will simply be bug fixes and refining the many rough edges of what is already in the game.  Right now it's kind of like a perfectly functional car without any paint, trim or dashboard lights."
,Recommended,268650,18370909,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,[TG] Corpse,"This game is amazing and very playable even in its Alpha build. The scope and breadth of this sandbox is impressive. That's the short review.Pros:There is seemingly no limit to creativity and imagination when it comes to constructing real, functioning, capable vehicles of war in this world.There is no clear path to victory. If you want to conquer the world using only balloon airships equipped with lasers, you can. Subs? Surface fleets? Fortresses? No problem. Replayability is fantastic as a result.There are truly capable and complex engineering frameworks in place that allow you to make spectacular vehicles with discrete propulsion, offensive, and defensive systems.The graphics are playful and cell-shaded, which I usually detest. However in this case it works.The developer is active and working hard.Cons:Controls. This is not so much a con as a warning. The controls are GREAT for this game...once you learn them. They are not intuitive, but they are also no difficult to learn. If you want a more simpler ""Minecraft"" style of control, that is available as well. However I urge you to take an hour to become comfortable with the default control scheme, as it works exceedingly well once you grasp it.It's an Alpha. That means there are broken or disabled parts of the game, balance issues, and plenty of opportunities for optimization. However none of these are game breaking (IMO) at the moment.There is a LOT to learn. Seriously, you can spend a whole day just learning how to design cannons. Or lasers. Or engines. The cool part about this is that you will find that there are many many ways to engineer any of these, and you can have a lot of fun experimenting. But if you want a casual game where you won't find yourself looking up a tutorial on YouTube for how to contruct a laser-powered missile defense, this is not the game for you.I am truly obsessed with this game at the moment. Between this and 7 Days to Die, my crafting and survival urges are well cared for. I recommend this game to anyone who is interested in engineering or building your own contraptions. There is a learning curve, but it is a fun hill to climb."
76561198017871005,Recommended,268650,25559325,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Einhart,"This game is hard.  You will be frustrated.  You will sit there wondering ""why the hell isn't this working?"" for most of your early experience.  You will want to cry.  You will want to scream.  You will want to pull out your hair.  Then, suddenly, things will begin to make sense.  You'll build something that works, and you'll start to win battles.  You'll feel like a badass.  You'll advance across the map, blowing up ships and dismantling your enemies as your empire grows.Then you'll lose.  You'll push too far.  A goliath of unfathomable power will emerge over the horizon and annihilate that which you worked so hard to build all on its own.  You will want to scream.  It will be seemingly unbeatable and slowly reclaim the territory you so easily plundered before.  Your empire will be slowly crushed.  You'll look up tutorials and begin to learn.  You might download a few community designs and see if this monster of a craft can be destroyed.  You'll slowly whittle it down until it lies motionless in the water and you claim your phyrric victory.This experience will lead you to design new craft.  Upgrade your weapons.  Thicken your armor.  Power up your shields.  Soup up your engines.  You will be proud of this new craft, and it will perform admirably.  You'll take back what you lost and start to win against the monsters you awakened.  Then, it will hit you again.  Your new craft will begin to struggle against new and even more powerful enemies.  You'll begin to lose again, and you will learn again.This game is about losing, and learning how to overcome these losses.  It is merciless.  Your creativity means nothing to the terrors waiting for you.This is From the Depths."
76561197996651103,Recommended,268650,12573322,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,lordhelixmlg,"10/10 This game is the PINNACLE of an early access game This is EXACTLY what early access should be. It's a near-finished product with the developer Nick Smart taking an interest in the community and taking their advice. This game deserves SO much more attention. than it's getting now. Buy this game, and you WILL NOT regret it. I'll even play with you add me! :D"
,Recommended,268650,13158907,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Discohydra,"EDIT: My old review is below the ""="" line.At the time of the old review, the developer was working alone. After nearly two years of monitoring and being a part of the community, It's much stronger than I reviewed before.The developer has even hired members of the community to assist development! (!!!)(Before you ask, no, I'm not a member of the staff, and this is an entirely voluntary review.)Currently the community is working together to fill in all of the content for the game, even one of the available worlds in the game currently has been made from scratch by devout members of the community.Keep in mind that every ship you fight in the current campaigns have been designed by members of the community, with a rigid review and revision process seen on the forums.Those that are vocal on the official forums have an influence in the development. There are active debates over future changes to the game as you are reading this.I wholeheartedly recommend the hell out of this game, especially if you've a mind for engineering.====================================================================This is an absolutely, positively magnificent game. Don't scroll down just yet, I have an explanation for my madness.This is an engineering game with block style building and heavy sandbox elements. One could say that this is like Space Engineers, but there's something different. The craft you build serve a point. There's a dynamic, open world war-like campaign that you must build and design craft for (or snipe them off of the workshop and learn how they work,)  to complete.In this campaign you'll be introduced to several factions with vessels that are very different per faction (The developer is currently taking user submissions that fit a certain faction's theme) that you must design crafts that can combat this.I keep saying the word ""craft"" in place of boat because it can be anything. Boats, planes, land vehicles, spacecraft, ballooncraft, submarines, anything you can design can come to life in this with its simple automation that you can put in place.While this game, at the time of the review, has a small-but-growing community, it is VERY robust, there has to be the highest ratio of players that are also streamers and youtubers to regular players I've ever seen. There's loads of tutorials and user submitted designs on the official forums (don't let the Steam forums decieve you.)And for those holdouts that are concerned about the longevity and developer-community relations on this product, the developer is very active on the official forums, with, to date, 18% of all the total posts on the forums being his. He constantly throws out suggestions that he wants to see in the game to gauge community reaction as well as take in any well-thought-out revisions that the community members have to offer. There's even been a quote of him saying ""I can put it in, people just need to ask for it."" When it comes to longevity, it used to be just him on the project, but I've seen some more people come on as official staff.This is a hidden gem. I want the world to see it. My rating? 15 out of 10."
,Recommended,268650,17116431,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,kirby_,you know when your crush said they liked you backthis is what it feels like
76561198042603976,Recommended,268650,17238550,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Rhea,"Glided perfectly onto an enemy airship, beat down the door to the amunition, blew myself up with a grenade launcher. Best game I've seen in ages"
76561198072988356,Recommended,268650,24683710,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Catnapper,"""Don't worry, I'm an engineer"" the game. As in: think of something and you can make it. What is something? Anything. A weaponized house? Yawn. Walking Mech? Done. Helicarrier? You got it. A tower of spikes that scrapes ships apart? Implemented. A pill that fixes ships? Uh-huh. A manta-ray submarine that flies into space and drags ships into space with it to dash upon the rocks? Made, tested, and shipped."
,Recommended,268650,19349935,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,saltmummy626,"I shied away from this game a bit when I read that it was ""complicated."" Then, it went on sale and I thought ""It can't be more complicated than setting up a military in dwarf fortress,"" and it isn't. From the Depths is a complex game, but it is not that complicated. At the time of this review, I've spent only two hours playing it, and feel that I have a basic understanding of the mechanics available. I havn't touched any of the guns yet though, so we will see.In my two hours;I watched a tutorial on mouse controls, it was all very straight foreward, and by the end of the 6 minute video I felt I was ready for some basic gameplay.I played with the sandbox ""spawn a ship and test it's effectiveness"" thing, which was fun time for about 15 minutes and served to get me acquainted and interested with what the fights would be like, but didn't really tell me much about how it would all work, so...I went to select the campaign, but was met with a popup stating, basically, ""are you sure you want to just jump in? The games kind of complex, maybe you want to start with the build a ship sandbox? just until you feel you are ready?"" I liked that, so I went to build something in the safety of the sandbox.I spent about an hour and a half in the sandbox, generally getting used to how it controlled, playing around with blocks an then decided I wanted my raft to move. I went into the build menu, clicked the button that said ""engines"" and noticed two red flashing boxes. I clicked one, and it was a guide on how to build a simple engine. ""well thats nice"" I thought, and using the guide I built a small single cylinder engine. after checking the guide again to see what I did wrong (becuase it didn't work) I realized that I had installed everything on the wrong end of the engine block and so corrected the problem. before moving my ship, I wanted to stabalize it. as a simple wooden raft, it rocked about horribly on the oceans swell and with the new engine making it a bit top heavy, it only got worse. I endeavored then to build a pair of outriggers and expand the main body of the ship a bit to make it more stable and bouyant. To my immense pleasure, it worked and I drove my small boat, no longer a pathetic raft, around in circles for a bit before deciding that ""From the Depths"" is not nearly as difficult as playing dwarf fortress, no where close to as complicated as people say it is, and that I would rather like to play more of this very nice ship building game."
76561198007537463,Recommended,268650,15593239,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,AssAssassin,"What can I say,,,,, ADDICTED to this game!!!!!Forget the boring mining, tree hitting games and try this game,,, be as creative as you want to be. A bit of a steep learning curve but just be patient and you WILL be rewarded. Started with a wonky little boat and now creating fleet destroying battleships of death and destruction,,, and soon I will figure out how to make my macross battle mech fly!!! Build a gun,,, build a missile turret,,, wait,,,, build a gun with missiles on it,,, noooo,,,, even better,,, guns with missiles,, lasers and shields,,, everytime you create you learn something new!I LOVE THIS GAME,,,, Check my hours playing... proof of how awesome this game is!!!!!"
76561198006684815,Not Recommended,268650,27947706,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chaos,"Let me start off by saying that I think this game is a lot of fun! However, because of the latest changes it's lost one of the great appeals it had for me, and I myself will not be playing the game again, which is a real shame.However, I'll still recommend it for what it is now - a building and combat simulator. It does this really well, but unfortunately due to some of the latest updates, that's all it's become.There used to be things like resource management, fuel management, rarer materials which forced you to build with weaker materials until you could secure better materials, but apparently people whined about not being able to build their huge massive holy crap ships from the word go, heaven forbid, which ate up much of their metal, and so the developer merged all resources into one. Instead of planning how to secure the materials you need/want to build the ships you want and taking over territories based on this - it's now a game of kill everything and do it however you want in any order because it doesn't matter anymore.For example - there used to be fuel, ammo, along with metal, wood, and crystal. This in itself seemed perfectly fine - crystal being a rarer material and more difficult to secure. Fuel and Ammo being separated so if you didn't produce enough of either, you're in trouble. Now, there's no more production of ammo or fuel. All is a single resource, and the whole game is focused around combat alone.Gone are the days of securing resource sites that had stronger resources of metal or crystal to up your supply. That strategic element is gone. Gone are the days of saving up and building smartly with the materials you have available to overcome your enemies. With but one resource, a whole section of the game has been over simplified and it's lost a huge appeal because of it, at least for me. The complexity and planning was one of the things I loved most about it.For many people this is will be a big deal. I told my friend about it and he's agreed - he no longer wants to play simply based on this change alone. We both feel the game is now easy mode. Combat, nothing more.However, it does combat really well. There's great complexity and depth with the ship building itself, even if there's really no point in having materials at all anymore. I'm not entirely sure why the developer even has resources at this point. I do however still recommend the game for the combat alone, even if that's not enough to keep me playing it."
76561198083790079,Recommended,268650,20774152,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,[1tesWest]Lupus ✠,"Well,well,well So I decided to make a Review nobody is ever gonna read but I do not care! From the Depths is a game about Building.Very much building.Very complex building.And it takes really much time to learn.Where to begin? Lets start with the things you ever wanted-Building Custom Cannons,Missiles,Torpedos,etc.I mean how awesome is that?-Design own Ships (Well I am quite uncreative and my first trys were desasters ,but hey, its fun to see how your way to fast ship brings up its nose and drives 40 metres per second)Now the things you may never really thought you need,but are still cool-Engine Building-Incredible much time to build a ship (and nervs) (at the beginning)-Physics-Different Factions-A game that never really ends,just like Mount and Blade titlesAbout negative aspects.......There are no really important thingsMy rating for this game is 9/10 because nothing is perfect....Not even YOU who read that born-of-bored thing here(Small thing for the Devs,add to ability to make more than one block at the same time like herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGMnNNVPz5kat 3.29)"
76561197977064788,Recommended,268650,16430821,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,scr0at,"Are you willing to spend 1-2 hours learning this game?If so, it will become your Skyrim. It will become your World of Warcraft. It will suck your life away. You will think of new designs, new crazy things to build, weapon systems to obliterate your opponents and AI systems that can get the job done under any circumstance.You will reminisce the possibilties of fleet management, what forces you need where - which resource zones you need to suckle upon to better your advances against the incoming factions. You will bribe with oil and crystal, why be enemies when you can be friends? And then you will backstab the very faction you befriended, because this is From The Depths and you need all the precious resources you can get.When you are taking a shower, you will contemplate just how to get your orbital bombardment of custom made ICBM's raining down on your rivals with unprecedented insanity and accuracy. You will ponder over your cruiser and if you really need those massive drills spinning at 50k RPM on the front, do you really need to drill into every enemy ship and watch them explode in majestic fashion? Yes, the answer is always yes.You will board enemy ships and attempt to destroy whatever you can with the weapons of your choice. Minigun? Hrmm, maybe. Grenade launcher? Yes... that feels right. Blow up their mainframes, disrupt their AI connections, take out their command center, or just launch into the ammo storage and watch the fireworks. Every part of this game is destructable, and this makes me smile.I own a lot of titles on steam, and this is my new Skyrim."
,Recommended,268650,33071957,Posted: 1 July,all,Polaris,"Was a pretty good game, got a few hours out of it."
,Recommended,268650,17490879,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ComradeMatt,"FtD is both a strategy game where you design the units yourself, and a sandbox game where you send your creations out to war.The possibilities in this game are enormous. You've got dinghies to dreadnoughts, harpoons to homing missiles, and light aircraft to laser beams at your disposal. This is a game that can bring out both the strategist and engineer in all of us."
76561198183641258,Recommended,268650,30978182,Posted: 6 April,all,CHEEKI BREEKI BANDIT,The only limit is your own stupidity
,Recommended,268650,26499527,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Nullpersona,"This is a preliminary review.I spent the first 40 hours playing around in the sandbox mode, and completing the 40 tutorials.To say this game has a steep learning curve would be a grave understatement.I have not known a more complex vehicle design game, in over 20 years of gaming.This means an amazing amount of customization, while at the same time, a daunting challenge.This is a game for players who are willing and capable of learning immense amounts of information, in order to be able to play competantly.At this point, I have not completed what I would consider an adequate ship, and do not expect to in the near future, let alone a plane or ground vehicle.There is a great deal of potential in this game, for those willing to study, and experiment.Development is ongoing, and seems very well focused.If there is a weakness inherent in the game, it is the lack of  smooth learning, and building transitions.Rather than a progressive tutorial, that teaches players through building a functional ship, there are 40 separate tutorials that feel much like homework.Rather than being able to define and modify discreet components, and prioritize their construction or repair order, the game is much more Minecraft-esque, carrying the limitations of difficulty editing nested compnents, and little suggestion/contextual assistance in building.I have not yet explored the Workshop, though I have seen some interesting designs and tutorials.The building interface and menus are not the most friendly, but they are the most comprehensive, as far as freedom-of-design.A background in engineering and/or programming is a real benefit, with psuedo-realistic physics, and LUA  programming options.This should be approched more as educational entertainment, than mind-numbing warfare, for the best experience.I both look forward to, and gaze apprehensively upon, all that I will learn in order to rise ""From the Depths"".Cheers."
76561197972466501,Recommended,268650,19896262,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Marm z,"TL;DR : Genius.The game works, as a game, and it runs incredibly smoothly considering the astounding complexity on display.The base vehicle AI (i.e. not counting the LUA scripts one can implement) is surprisingly flexible and isn't much of an obstacle in the way of your imagination.As complex as the game may be, it's very approachable and easy to learn.Do use the default ""keyboard"" controls vs. the ""mouse"" ones. The game implies they are long/hard to learn that is a lie.Do use the symetry feature for symetric vessels ;) .Do familiarize yourself with the basics in the vehicle designer before attempting a campaign. Why not?In all my hours of gameplay I haven't yet touched the campaign (though I feel that I could, at any time... it's just that there's so many designs to build and test, and so little time! Oh the misery.)Start small.Keep an eye on your craft's center of mass. A lot revoles around that (pardon the pun).Thus place your means of propulsion appropriately; for small adjustments to the center of mass I recommend lead blocks.Learn only a few systems at a time in order to not get overwhelmed.(So don't be discouraged if you fail to build a working airship armed with every type of weapon as a first build.)You'll get there sooner rather than later, and nothing can compare to the satisfaction you'll feel when one of your cherished design performs better than intended and obliterates similarly priced stock vessels.I'm still in awe such a game actually exists.It's still in early access, sure, but each major update introduces new systems or improves upon a previous one, and it just works so well. Walking around on a very fast-moving and unstable vessel can feel a little jerky at times, but only because you've become habituated to how smooth it feels in every other situation. Anyhow, navigating a ""sinking"" airship feels appropriately cataclysmic, and I know of no other game that can deliver a similar experience with such fidelity.As I said earlier, it just -works-, and the amazing (yet very approachable) complexity of the systems on display is an incredible stimulus for your imagination.The game, even at this (early?) stage, truly lives up to its premise. If you have any doubts, there are a few youtube Let's Plays floating around; Lathland and Rosefall come to mind, but there are others of equal quality which I shall not name here because I am lazy. I've learned quite a few tricks watching their videos!Great/10"
,Recommended,268650,23316866,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Psy_Commando -=SF-O=-,"Out of all the vehicle building games around I played a lot of (Space Engineers, Empyirion Galactic Survival, Starmade) I have to say, this one is my favorite.You can do so much!At the time I wrote this review, you could do: Ships, Hydrofoils, Hovercrafts(Well, technically. But there's no hovercraft skirt parts right now, just thrusters and propellers), Submarines(those are a bit trickier to get working AI wise), Aircrafts, Airships, Spacecrafts, Helicopters(Those are tricky to make too), and they just added land vehicles(Still rough around the edges, and not very usable in combat, but some fun can be had with those already).Or, you can get creative and just abuse the physic engine to make weird contraptions :BThe game relies mainly on AI to control the vehicles/structures you build in the game. The AI is still a bit wonky, especially path finding and collision avoidance, but its possible to minimize the problems using long range weapons and spreading your ships around in formations. However, it'll always find a way to use whatever you give it..Another nice thing is that, your creation can be controlled in battle using a strategic map view, which makes things much easier.Manual controls are available, but, right now they're very limited, convoluted, and not very practical for anything that's more than a simple basic ship. And even then, there's some weirdness with it. However, I'm pretty sure the devs are definitely going to fix those in a way or another before release.The build mode is probably one of my favorite part of this game. I'm talking about Keyboard mode. Its really efficient and handy most of the time. Most people seems to say it has a high learning curve, but personally I figure it out under 2 hours, after watching the video tutorial. And I usually have issues with different control schemes in games. (Actually, the vehicle steering controls are more confusing than this tbh)Sure its a bit intimidating at first, but try messing around with it, not building anything serious. Your first ship will probably be a complete piece of junk that keeps sinking on its own, or capsizing but try watching getting started tutorial videos by Irelan gaming for example, you'll understand a lot better how to make things work. Or you can also just spawn ships/vehicles from the campaign and take them apart and see how they managed to make them float/fly/etc and work.One thing I love particularly here is the way you can customize almost every system you build with attachements and extensions. Nearly all systems are multi-blocks. And not just in a quantitative way, like Starmade for example(AKA more blocks == more powerful) Building large systems without powerful enough support systems to back them up will yield a pretty innefective system. It'll still work, but you could do better use of your space.For instance, you can build a huge engine, but it'll drink so much fuel at mid and low RPMs compared to several smaller engines that turn on and off to meet demands that you'll get a very fuel hungry design with a very weak spot. And well, there's also overheating to take into account, but its pretty manageable, even though radiators are pretty shoddy right now.Of course, you can do that with way more things than just engines! Weapons systems, propellers, etc.. And probably more in the future. You can build canons from the magazine to the tip of the barrels. You assemble each parts together to get the best out of the space you have, while making sure a single shell won't find a way to hit your magazines and blow everything up! And you can customize your shells, build gauss canons, add timed/proximity detonation and a lot more!The recent weapon and armor rebalance did a pretty solid job at balancing out the game. AKA you can't sink a big floating metal castle ship armored with 2 to 5m of armor, with an army of tiny ships with 20mm chainloaded AP guns anymore :PSome things are still a bit overpowered though, and some things definitely need some work. Namely UI, engine and power mechanics, shields, player weapons, land vehicles, space vehicles and the physics involved with going to space.But, from what the devs teased, there's a lot of great improvements coming soon. And even in this state, the game is a ton of fun. Playing the campaign and designing your ships, or refitting any enemy ships you manage to capture, sending massive fleets against an enemy's forces is already tons of fun IMO.The devs are overall doing amazing work with this game! They listen to feedback, keeps asking questions and mentioning what they're working on in the forums, and release patches and content regularly. (During early access at least)"
76561198017119699,Recommended,268650,21083357,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Mr Parrotface,Playing this game is like being a five year old being forced to learn physics and engineering by an irate university professor who beats you every time you fail to grasp a concept. Only instead of giving up you persevere and study for years until you are old enough to kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the professor just to prove a point.
,Recommended,268650,23639169,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,LionsPhil,"A crafting game in which you will never punch a tree or heft a pickaxe against a rockface. Instead it puts you in an RTS: you want resources, you better go take them from the AI-controlled factions, either by conquering resource point areas and putting automated drilling platforms on them, or just ripping their ships apart as salvage. You, know: fun.The game is still under very active development, which is a mixed blessing. Replacing custom cannons with CRAM cannons, and making the drag model more realistic, made the game more fun, but you need to be prepared for a ship that was awesome yesterday to need rework to be effective tomorrow. Nick, the developer, *is* good at making sure they still load in and do best-effort conversions, so you can tweak rather than rebuild from start---important, given building a good battleship can take you a weekend's play.Nick is pretty active on the forum. He tends to pick up serious bug reports pretty quick, but there's the risk that as always the fanbase constantly pressures for more difficulty, more complexity (without actually introducing more intersting decisions), more dilution of a design just to have more everything. Such is early access.Philosophically, this is a nerd game. It doesn't have difficulty levels: it has a pair of difficulty sliders that control different scaling factors. If you want the AI to stop throwing the controls to full lock every time it's a fraction off-course, you'd better learn to start tuning a PID controller. You can control some things with Lua, although not as thorougly as I'd like yet---you can't *quite* replace the stock AI with it. Lua missiles are currently as gods to their lesser, built-in-guidance bretheren. You don't *need* to do any of this, and there's a lot of effort put into getting you going with simpler subsets, but this is game that's not shy about giving you parameters to tune.It's ugly, and the dirty, rusty, outlined art-style can make it hard to identify blocks at first. The UI is pure programmer, weirdly positioned buttons and the occasional bizzare workflow (like having to manually save workshop items to disk). The physical nature of battles can make it pretty attractive in motion, though, missiles streaking through the air as a ship rips in half from a huge ammo explosion.The build tools are pretty good. It's got arbitrary symmetry and plane-fills, saveable prefab regions and subobjects, and the recommended keyboard-based mode is pretty slick once you've got used to it. Ships themselves are instanceable in the strategy game proper, and remember how they used to be before they were damaged, so repair is automatic once enabled even if they were completely destroyed. This is not a game about manual labour; this is a game about designing machines of war and using them to conquer the world.Seriously, though. You'll lose a weekend doing combat trials on that battleship."
76561198088651490,Recommended,268650,24570576,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,death rage,"probably the best game ever.went into battle with a borodino battleship, thought it could use more guns, built more guns on the deck during combat and it rocks.took a ww2 light cruiser and added two nuclear missiles to its sides that go off to target enemies when in combat...made a submarine that fires a 150mm gun from below the sea.used replicas of vessels and vehicles ranging from russo-japanese war era to ww2 with montana/bismarck/yamato/ practicaly all the designs of cruisers and destroyers of the entire US, UK, german and IJN fleets of ww2, also used the dragon from the movie avatar, the p1000 rattle, and basically any plane, ship, sub, spaceship, flying shield heli carrier that i can think of- from halo frigates to freespace fighters, from star wars to flying zeppelin aircraft carriers with hundreds of guns on them and all of this is controlled by an ai that is simple to put on a vehicle(two blocks and thats it) and once its on its completely autonamus. this means that you can actually stand on the deck of one of your ships and just watch the battle unfold or take command yourself although the ai will almost certainly aim far better then you would.so long story short:build your own combat vehicles and tune them to your liking instead of getting predefined units like in other strategy games- checkdecide not only the number of guns on a ship but also how they look like and operate, i.e more barrels, less recoil, faster loading speed and gauge-checkbuild the components thatll make up the shell that your guns would fire- checkallow guns to have multiple autoloaders that each can fire a different kind of round- checkdesing the vehicles engine and power output to fit its role and use RTG's to give extra power to the vehicle shields- checkcrush your opponents with no unit build limit what so ever and the only limit in the camapin is how many ships can simultaniously spawn while in combat- meaning two fleets of 50 ships each clashing would mean that not all 50 ships of each fleet spawn together, some will need to die first for the rest to spawnand many more features....its the game i probably have been waiting for for 15 years and anyone who ever thought that customization and strategy is a good combination needs to own this game."
76561198050351324,Recommended,268650,15820834,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,OCN_Scuba,"This is what an alpha game should be.Go check their forums, players ask for changes, have ideas, and they get implemented in the game.People have complained about the slow updates, but I would much rather have a update that is what the community wants than what a couple of devs want."
76561198030361352,Recommended,268650,14929052,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Krito,"One of the best ""hidden"" games in the entire steam archive. Follow these steps..1) Buy game2) Get coffee or any other beverage.3) Take an afternoon off.4) Start game and create anything that you have ever wanted to make5) Add weapons and battle!But, seriously this game, once you overcome the learning curve is amazing. Search YouTube for how to build things or get a few ships off the Steam workshop and disect them.When I first got this game I didn't look at how to build things or looked at any of the in-game tutorials. Big mistake! I ended off shelfing the game for a few months. Only to un-shelf it later when I was bored and nothing in my library looked good. Until I saw From the Depths, still downloaded and installed. I loaded it up, this time looked at a tutorial or two and never looked back.This game makes the top 5 games I've ever played, and it's not even done yet!Get it!"
,Recommended,268650,13948959,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Himatoxic,"An absolutely fantastic building game based around combat vehicles. You can build ships, planes, submarines, airships, helicopters, spaceships and pretty much anything else you can think of.There is a beautiful amount of customization in this game. You can build your own engines, cannons, missiles, lasers and jets from individual components.Sloped armor and angling makes a difference in this game. Shells that hit at an odd angle are more likely to ricochet. The size of the cannon and the kind of ammunition can change how easily a shell can bounce.It is very stable for an early access game. I've never crashed once.Definitely recommended to anyone who likes block-based building and vehicular combat!"
,Recommended,268650,13491345,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,CommanderPancakes,"When I first saw this game I thought that it was going to be another ""Get wrecked by everything because nothing tells you how to do anything"" games. So, one friday I figure, what the heck, I'll try it out. What's the worst thing that could happen. So I started playing. It was alot easier to pick up than I thought, yet, way more fun than I anticipated. I started out and just tried making a few different ships, got campaign going. Aaaaannnd...It's 2 O'Clock monday morning. If you like build'em to fight'em games. It's a must have. 9.5/10"
76561197997531953,Recommended,268650,24168976,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,سۆرەلمە ئادەم,"I love this game!I always had a thing for naval combat, and this game delivers that in spades. You can take to the skies, the sea, under the sea, in space, and even on land now. However, there are a few things that concern me.The part that hooked me the most is the building. It's not some Minecraft or Space Engineers clone, no. Building has all sorts of customisable elements that allow for endless creativity. While there are simple one click placement weapons and things, the game's true power comes alive with the various customisable cannons, missiles, and even engines. Every cannon, missile, engine, etc. have multiple components that determines how it functions and what it can be used for. Even the ammo is customisable.Even in its early access state, the game has balance in it's own way; in order to have a big gun you need a big ship, there is just no way around that. Some issues exist, like under-powered torpedoes. But in the end, how you build will determine how you emerge from combat.Combat is perhaps, either a weakness or a strength of the game: Combat is decided by your skill in the build designer, not your skill on the battlefield. Combat is resolved almost exclusively through AI control with very limited tactical input. Boarding and capturing ships, while possible, is made nearly impossible for most parts of the game. Many ships have multiple AI cores (destroy these captures it) hidden across the ship, then buried beneath umpteen layers of armor. Still, the combat is satisfying with well though out victory mechanics.Probably what concerns me the most is the developer's focus in making the game. Every new patch brings new balance fixes and parts, which is all very good. But, each patch also brings out new world maps, all of them incomplete. Even the most complete of the worlds has parts of it that say ""to be written"". So it seems to me that the devs keep making new stuff without finishing what they already have. This makes me question whether the main world will ever be completed at all.The campaign also gets tedious once your on a roll. Essentially you battle enemies in a map tile to gain control of it, then repeat for the next, and the next, and the next, until you reach the enemy base. Then repeat again.However, when things get tedious, I just build something new; his is firs and foremost a building game. Then take my new ship (or submarine, plane, fort, tank, airship, or spaceship) back in there for a fresh new change in the mode of battle."
,Recommended,268650,18398853,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Sea Hitler,"Why do we strive to make the best games possible, making sure it outdoes the last. The video game industry is a mere star, gaining too much mass, creating over complicated, over expensive pieces of ""art"", over and over, until eventually...Puff; there it goes, collapsing in upon itself, crashing everything it created and everything around it... This game subsides that standard, putting art into something cheap, fun, not too complicated, just perfect. A game is a star; the larger it is, the more popular it is, which in this case, is how bright it is. This game, however, is a white dwarf; smaller than most, but one of the brightest out there. Well done Brilliant Skies. You have created a masterpiece, this is the Sirius-B of games. I thank you for creating something so beautiful. Thank you."
,Recommended,268650,17277340,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Hairy Hairy Robbaz,"The learning curve is very steep at start, so be prepared to sink at least a day into learning the mechanics and all small details, it's a very complex game even if it dosen't seem like it.It's a bit addicting thou, it got that Warband feeling aswell. If you like learning or are creative i can recommend it.If you think it's like minecraft you will probably be **** in the **** with a rusty hammer."
76561198034470337,Recommended,268650,20514749,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,micmac253,"if you like games where creativity, physics, and sandbox functions are the top priority, such as kerbal space program, then you will absolutely LOVE this game. and with so many ways to play its easy to see why I can spend hours upon hours playing FTD. Nick Smart (the AWESOME guy that made this game) is incredibly active on the forums and listens to the smallest request from people, for instance I noticed something was misspelled so I sent him a message on the ftd forums and within 10 minutes he replied back saying it was fixed and thanks for letting him know. and sure enough, I checked steam and there was an update and the misspelled item was fixed. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone."
76561198033087299,Recommended,268650,11628131,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Riggs,"It took a time to figure out for optimal engine construction and a time for weight to water extrusion ratio with iron blocks and a time for float support, roll/pitch assemblies etc. That was two days for 150m long vessel. And this is the only beginning I didn't touch the weapon system yet. And you say its only PRE-ALPHA?! I'm lucky to get it this time so I can learn a bit before full release. The game is for the real engineers! Nick Smart you are genious! (Also a super awesome support from this guy)P.S. Don't buy it if you are lazy or don't have a time or you don't like to think."
,Recommended,268650,24543718,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,varbles,This game has ruined all other building games for me because they will never measure up to it10/10
,Recommended,268650,30497026,Posted: 13 March,all,Half-Asian Gamer,It doesn't matter how much time and love and care you put into building your beautiful vehicle - there's always SOMEONE who will do it better. No game before has made me feel so inadequate.That's why it's so good.
76561197972990075,Recommended,268650,17674301,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Exocet,"I bought this game during the steam sales, thinking it was a nice little 3-4€ bargain that I would play for a few days.Boy was I wrong.From my first awful wooden ship with barely enough engine power to move forward, to enormous death juggernauts of doom I build now, I have fun every time.I sometimes just think of a clever little idea during the day, load the game really quickly to try it out, usually fail miserably, and have a good laugh doing it.The game is update regularily, the only time I've seen it crash was that time I spawned two ships that could be Warhammer 40K canon and made them duke it out, and that's only because my potato of a computer just couldn't keep up with the carnage.Beginners pick up the game quite fast, and all the little, harder to master things are details, so don't hinder new players from enjoy the game, and you learn constantly from your machines and the pre-built selection of ships.As for the avid coders? You're in luck! The game allows you to tweak integrated AI functions (like navigation). A little search through the forums and I saw people making scripts for hovercrafts, spaceships and even smart flares to counter missiles more effectively.TL;DR This game is fun, addictive and you can build so many, many things. Yes, even a giant phallus that shoots out explosive shells. I know you're going to do it, so why lie?"
,Recommended,268650,17986877,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,PorkJustice,"Do you want a game like Space Engineers, but more advanced? This is it. This game may not have the good looking models and meshes of other games as it sticks to a purely voxel motif, but even in the stage of development it feels more complete than other titles in the genre. The developer is exceptionaly active and pushes updates often. From the Depths does have a learning curve that is complicated by a sometimes confusing GUI and strange keyboard controls. The things you can do in it make those negative points seem very small. It has a campaign that is difficult and rewarding as you move and construct bases and design ships on a large overworld map while fighting multiple enemy factions.If you enjoy creative building games at all then I would highly recommend it."
76561198066248440,Recommended,268650,18778414,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Fargoth,"At a quick glance this just looks like another one of those block building games but this game has more to it than others like minecraft or space engineers. you can build ships, submarines, aircraft, spacecraft, and others if you are good enough. the interesting thing is there is a lot more to the games systems than building a chassis and tossing a few guns on it. the weapons are not just prefabricated and instead get you to build the gun and its internals, you also need to build all the components to things like engines and lasers. missiles can be fully equipped with all sorts of different components to be used for different roles, if you chose poor locations for these components be prepared to face the issues (like inefficient engines or ineffective poorly built missiles).also you need to worry about physics, build a small chassis with heavy duty weaponry and you have yourself a top heavy ship. poor construction can lead to all sorts of flaws like flipping under high speed or unintended tilting. at the same time the physics is still pretty forgiving, you can make some insane aircraft designs and they will still take flight.the vehicles can also be fully controlled with AI and using the LUA (provided you know how to use LUA) blocks some very complex actions can be used. because of AI control you can use fleets of ships and well as combat enemy ships. the AI is surprisingly good and can adapt to pretty well every design unless its really insane, if you find/make some lua code that can do that function though then the problem is solved. its quite refreshing to see a block building game that actually has enemy creations to fight against rather than just a few mobs like in most of these styles of games.Pros:- detailed building system rewards planning and creative design.- highly customizable parts add all sorts of variety and possibilties.- huge amount of designs in the game ranging from boring basic ships to wild laser flying battleships. these designs are also used by the different factions in the game.-massive replay value.Neutral:- fictionalized physics, its good enough so that most things that can happen in real life can happen in game. most of the fictional physics come in the form of aircraft being very forgiving. if you enjoy sci-fi stuff you may be fine, realism lovers may be ticked off by it though.- fast paced gameplay focused on large amounts of spammy weapons. its fun but lacks tactical positioning because the battle is usually over within minutes. most of the tactics depends of what you bring into battle rather than how you assemble formations and advances. battles are fast rather than long crossfires where every maneuver counts.- graphics can be a turnoff for some, the games style is steam-punk like.Cons:- as expected with early access things can be expected to be unstable. if you push things a little bit you can expect crashes.- i dont have anything else to say for cons. look at the neutral section and decide if any of those are cons for you."
76561198103734718,Recommended,268650,34779003,Posted: 6 September,all,Bacon004,I still don't know what I'm doing.
,Recommended,268650,16323156,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,7thfleet,"You can look at other reviews for reasons to buy this.Instead, here is what to do if you need help:Do one or more of the following options:1. Go onto the teamspeak and see if anyone is there to help:http://fromthedepthsgame.com/forum/showthread.php?tid=20492. Visit the forums and make a post under the questions subforum(not the Steam forums, this forum):http://www.fromthedepthsgame.com/forum/forumdisplay.php?fid=123. Google It.4. Look at in game designs, chances are at least one of them does what you are trying todo.Common Complaints:1. If the building mechanism is hard to use, try enabling ""Keys relative to camera, up(space)......"".  This will make it so space is always moves the cursor towards the top of the vehicle, and alt always moves it down.2. If the building mechanism still is hard to use, press f3 to enable mouse mode building(Think Minecraft)3.  Left/Right click in build mode determines where the cursor moves.  The color of the cursor determines if it will break or replace(Applies to keyboard building mode).4. Press ""N"" to enable mirror mode5. Other Issues: Do the previous set of steps."
,Recommended,268650,23880119,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SunaLova,"From the good of voxel building games and homage to the building spirit alike, this is a tinkering title you must have in your library. Whether you take the gameplay at face value or proivde your own deeper reasons to play on the planet - From the Depths just manages to be the right kind of openess and demanding of your input. There's a distinct gravity when the idea of the tutorials are non-intrusive yet ""you're going have a bad time"" noted about the main menu. It's almost like a conterbalance for the thirsty builders and head-canoners who come with ideas on bated breath.In other words, its a game that respects what you want to get into. Its learning curve can come off deceptively harsh, being a storm wind at your front, when after you chime with the game rules, is really the wind in your sunbathed sails. I barely can begin to stress  how emergent the gameplay is and can already become. My play hours are no compare to the scrawls of paper holding designs, logistics, and strategies to reach that meta level of enjoyment, This living toybox is near a 4X game if you are immersed enough. Moveover, Brillant Skies map, naviagation, and tactical screens are great barebones look at the ""real time true strategy"" genre layered in it. And a reminder, at time of typing the game is Early Access and a steal when a sale is going on.From the Depths is a gem tried and true. Every notable build and action has excellent feedback sublte and large. This fact shining the most in the Campaign as the goal  lends a real-time affair to getting resourcing and building right. It's rare in a game a player builds and modifies efficiency -itself- , something any peak performer would droll at when the engines are running. And I think that's a summary right there, an engine you keep feeding and it keep providing. And you the player in turn are the same for the game. This duet is really a hallmark to what makes open sandbox (especially voxel-based) a key game type in this era.Get this game, please - the enlightenment and enjoyment is that one heavy tool the yields just right in hands, and what ever you make feels like dawn break gold.(PS. Seriously, I feel like that Courage Wolf meme so many times with this game. makes you feel experienced with a gruff in your voice, and giant mug in hand, and an aura that you have a story to tell to the young ones )"
76561198023034572,Recommended,268650,12829063,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Papa Jaan,"Only problem i've had so far with this game is it using up most of my free time, seriously.First thing most people may think when they see the block system in the game is to think of this as a game like Minecraft. Trust me; calling this Minecraft would be like calling ""Space Engineers"" Minecraft. Honestly Space Engineers would be a far better game for comparison to FTD than Minecraft. Does Minecraft have missiles, space-ships and lasers? Didnt think so.....You can basically build just about anything from Submarines to boats to spaceships in a pretty wide variety of ways, Land structures and vehicles are also gonna be in the game in some time. The engine is very versatile, and the game is  VERY stable for a Pre-Alpha game; seriously ive run into more or less no major issues so far. The campaign mode is aimed to be a very strategic mode where you basically command fleets of vessels (designed by you and made using resources harvested by you!) against the AI factions and there own respective fleets; each faction having unique designs, tactics and difficulty.Now onto the frequent complains that negative reviewers are making about the UI and control system. The Control systems basically designed to give a high amount of fine control over block placement; giving control over all 3 Axis using a combination of WASD keys and the mouse, which helps when your making complicating designs. It also makes it easier to edit componnents that are deep inside the constructs hull; letting you reach and change them easily without having to strip off parts to reach it directly. Despite its versatility and varied usage I really dont think it takes too long to get the hang of the control system; but if you really cant stand it the game also offers a much simpler ""Look and place"" build mode. Building stuff and making it work is a lot easier than people keep saying it is; while at the same timing perfectly optimising something to run via the AI system can be a very interesting challenge for those that wanna have a go at it.tl;dr: Its a lot easier than most people keep saying it is; and if you played Space Engineers (or another similar build-style game) and liked it then youll most likely love this."
,Recommended,268650,29221240,Posted: 13 January,all,Blockatiel,"The first time I started this game, I made it about 20 minutes into the hugely comprehensive tutorial course and my brain shut down. It was a matter of weeks until I was brave enough to boot it up again, and a couple of days to finish the tutorials, then I was ready to get building.This game is phenomenal, just persevere through the learning curve and you'll end up feeling like a weapon designer. It's minecraft for war. It's Space Engineers but fun. Designing a new ship/plane/helicopter/submarine is a pure joy, and I lost a few nights just running weapons tests over and over, tweaking parameters in an endless pursuit of explosive perfection. My older designs look like childrens' toys compared to my newest experiments, and there's a vast number of systems and vehicle types that I haven't even touched yet.This game has a huge amount of depth; it's like having a job if your job is to design stuff that blows other stuff up. This is the pinnacle of creative games, and there are few games that have been so chaotically fun.Get it, please."
76561198013348092,Recommended,268650,21967178,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Cascinova,"Such a complex game, so much to learn. The game is a learning process, it could literally take hundreds of hours to learn all there is about building complex ships and vehicles.  The campaign is simple yet challenging, and becuase you will find yourself pitted against some ingineous ships, the game constantly encourages you to  create new and better designs in order to progress in the campaign.  There are some minor bugs but the game is definitely stable enough to play and enjoy.  I highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,268650,18369939,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,19th | Section,13 hours into the game and I still have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what i'm doing10/10 would sink again
76561198067819123,Recommended,268650,20170618,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Comrade Green,"This is honestly, one of the best games ive ever played in my life. you can stylise your ships, make sure they work and feel proud of memorising how to build components, though it requires a lot of patience and it haas a very steep learning curve, which i still havent mastered. i reccomend it to all my freinds, and i am just looking forward to the day this comes out of early acess, but even in early acess i have never had a major problem with the game.A lot of my freinds have quit due to the learning curve, but i think its worth it if you stick to it, its like if Minecraft and an RTS had a baby and it wasnt complete crap and its fanbase was actually intelligent .10/10 would develop naval obsessiona after playing this again."
76561198130891537,Recommended,268650,18584753,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Gustav the railway gun,"Minecraft, and World of Warships.With borderland graphics.And the sillyness of Robocraft.Love it.10/10"
,Recommended,268650,12596366,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Baldricha Foresot,"EDIT: I realize that most of the negative reviews are basically about the camera and difficulty.To which I sayGit gud.Alright, back to normal review.I was in my large attack aircraft when 2 small fighters appeared. I had to take them out. I increase my speed and lead them along, hoping to avoid the missiles they are firing. I fire my own missiles and take out the AI on one of them and he falls into the ocean, a hunk of steaming scrap metal. The other one fires missiles at the rear of my aircraft and hits but does little damage due to the heavy armor. I then fire some missiles and take out his wings and weapons. He falls into the ocean and I finish him off, producing a large, fiery explosion from the ammo barrels.10/10It's worth the money."
76561198006935356,Recommended,268650,13043498,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,rdeisbeck83,"Ok, this sandbox game, THIS sandbox game, THIS SANDBOX GAME, right here, if you are in to SANDBOX GAMES, this is it for you! The developer is doing an insane job with updates, and he is truly building an outstanding sandbox game *with an awesome mix of campaign/strategy gameplay* that just blew my mind away. I play minecraft, terraria, starbound, space engineers, etc etc, and this one took me from all of them. Absolutely awesome game, great updates on a routine basis, open minded developer, great player community, and a fun and interactive experience to keep you looking forward to playing when you get off work huzzah!!! I highly HIGHLY recommend it, big time kudo's to the dev.*Adding notes*Mk so, reading my review, I realized it doesn't really, give a great review. It's just me being like, super excited because I love the game. So i'm gonna go for a more 'in depth' approach to some things i've come to love and the things i enjoy but, don't love....yet >.>First off, the pro's and cons.Pro's1 Great building interface, with 2 ways to build, keyboard and mouse. Both of which have their own pros/cons. It also boasts a significant variety of blocks making every creation truly unique in it's own way.2 Sub assembly system - Ever build something on something else, and wish you could take that something off the something else, and put it on something else? Well, in this, you can. Say you make a kick♥♥♥♥♥turret on one ship hull, but realize the hull just wasn't the right style, and couldn't hang. Well, damn, you don't want to rebuild that turret all over so, you make the hull work, right? Wrong, you can save subassemblies so that when you build more ships later you can add the same things to them w/out having to do all the work to recreate the things that work3 4 area's of combat *although space has been...interesting...follow up on that in the cons >.>* You can fight on land, sea, air, and yes, even space.4 AI system for your creations to make your own fleet and evolving options to control the actions of your AI drones. I for example have my B-ship i control, with 4 fighters and a destroyer escort that are all AI controlled to escort my Big boat♥♥♥♥♥around. w00t w00t5 Open minded and honest hard working dev team. Now as of now, the only 'dev' i know of, is Mr. Nick Smart. But he has been ON IT. I mean, I participate in alot of early access games. And this is the only one where the dev is constantly in the forums, posting on others and publishing his own, on a frequent basis. He is constant with updates, and is truly doing a phenominal job trying to keep the game in the direction his vision has for it.6 Campaign system - ok this will be my last pro, as I don't want to bore anyone Ok so, the campaign, has some ups and downs of it's own. Upsides - harvest multiple resource zones, have multiple fleets, multiple battle fronts, simple interface to navigate around your fleets, simple dipolomacy panel to♥♥♥♥♥♥peeps off or make them like you, Pretty good map layout, difficult AI once you get about 1/2 across the map. Overall the campaign, I luv it. I know there are some things in the works so i'm going to list them in the cons section BUT, big disclaimer, they are already on nicks workload and I can't wait to see what he hits us with when he starts evolving them.MK so, Cons. I'll be honest, not alot of huge game crippling things i have found. There are some nuisances but, the dev's actively working on them and, i'm not an impatient guy so, w00t w00t can't wait to see them fixed. Here they are1 MP (creative) is a little buggy. The host is the only one who tends to see all the action going on in the map. For example, if a cannon has a prediction piece on it, and you are the client, you won't be able to see the line drawn to show where your round will go. YOu also can't see the power, speed, drag, so on so forth. Now, do'nt get me wrong, the client can still do everything the host can, but the downside is, he won't SEE everything he's doing. Creative is basically no resource costs, on the campaign map, where you and all connected players can just, build.MP (AI fight) is a neat concept, but it can be hard finding games up unless you have buddies who have the game to get on at the same time. Basically, you build a ship with an AI interface. You load it against someone elses, and you both watch the ships fight to the death, with no involvement from you. It's great to do to see how your creations stack up against other players. Neat little game mode.2 AI in campaign is, well, garbage >.> As in you can just flot over to a ship, SHOOT the AI mainframe, and walla you have a new ship. Now if you decide to not do that, it can get hard granted if you up the difficulty it does get pretty rough, BUT you have to have a high end machine to handle the big boys, and that means you may be annoyed with the scrub ships your stuck on depending on your gaming monster which takes me into3 Frame rate can get pretty low when alot of stuff is going on. Another *disclaimer* is that nick is already working on moving to a different game engine, in order to improve this. But as of now, if you aren't sporting a hot rod, and your just cruising with a sedan, you may want to keep your block count a little low to keep from getting to choppy.4 Getting to space *this might be restricted to just me* Now i have been having the hardest time getting a ship to leave orbit and actually get into space. The only way I have been able to get into space is to, well, build in space. I've been trying to build jets with ion thrusters that could leave the planet go to space and come back in, but i've had no success. Again, this could be a just me moment, but it shouldn't be that hard to leave orbit if you already have the engines to get you to max altitude in the first place. which rolls me into5 the playable field, while awesome, is also kinda limited. Now it's cool because, you can really chew someone up and they can't get away from you b/c the deepest the water gets is like, 50 meters, and the air goes up as far as 500 meters, and your weapons can easily reach 1000 + meters. So, ya, they can't get away unless they just run, horizontally, str8 away from you. However, if your on the 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥i gots to go' end of this, ya, it sucks. You have nothing going for you as the height/depth of the playable area is pretty small and therefore you have to just go for speed to run for your life.The last 2 cons, are the only ones on my list that I honestly don't know if the dev is working on, and to be honest, if he didn't change it, i wouldn't be heart broken. B/c yeah, it sucks to not be able to go higher or lower in order to increase my survivability, but it has led me to make more interesting designs with a little more armor to take those hits. And the space thing, meh, i can get over that, i'll just keep building in space.End of discussion Game review - Overall, i've been in 18 Early access games, and so far, this one and space engineers are the only 2 that truly paid off. This one is STILL in early access, but still is truly on point and moving forward at an amazing pace. Again, great dev, great gaming community, evolving game interface and AI systems make it a truly unique experience. Again, if you would like to play a sandbox game, and bring some idea's to the table, or just enjoy the game, this is a great pick. and hey, it'll be going in and out of sale frequently, so get it when it's cheap. I could easily see this game going for 40+ once it's finished. great game. If you happen to get it, by all means send me a message to do some building together, or to blow each other up, i'm always down for both!!"
,Recommended,268650,23596475,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Distant Life Form,"This game is hard, there is no denying that. The controls are clunky and awkward and DEFINITELY not suited for new players. But I love it.It took well over 20 attempts to get just a decent hull designed that A) floated and B) was stable, so new players please please do not give up when your first boat fails horribly. Slight tips: I found that bigger is usually better for air pumps, (most of my ships are capital sized battleships), and ships really don't have to look nice at the start, (I have a cube, that floats, it's epic).The building controls take a few hours to get used to BUT there is an option to use a more familiar, minecraft style system.This game is very good to teach yourself how to do stuff in it. I watched one tutorial for guns, gave myself a few hours, and could design them to specific characteristics rather quickly.NEVER go straight into the campaign, stick to the designer while you learn, turn waves off (in the settings) and build. It is very easy to zone out and find you built several warships without even thinking.There is something really satisfying about setting your best ship off into an enemy flotilla and watch it destroy every last one.Possibly the best thing I own to take me to nirvana."
76561198033625411,Recommended,268650,21650441,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sith Master Binks,"A great game I highly reccomend if you have time and patience. The game is still in alpha so expect some problems like somewhat poor graphics and a lot of lag during big battles. Although the developer is working on these.FTD is essentially a building game, mixed with an rts, and an fps. Because of this the game is immensely complex. The greatest complexity comes from the building process, which will take a lot of time to learn. You will need to learn to build hulls, ai's, cannons, missles, and engines. Each one of these has different rules that detirmine what parts can be connected to what section, and these rules will force you to make decisions about your ships design.  This will be espicially true when you play campaign where resources are limited. You can even use LUA scripting in the game to give your vehicles or missles custom behaviours.Because of the ability to build what you want, the rts like gamepley is pretty interesting. Like modern battles from the depths battles are often detirmined by range and the ability to gain intelligence on enemy movements is crucial to success. The ability to download units from the steam workshop also makes it possible to play the game without needing to design a ton of vehicles.If you've ever wanted to design your own weapons and take them into battle, then ftd is a great game for you. Just realize that this game gives you a ton of design options and a lot of the possible designs suck. This comes from the games balancing that usually forces you to choose between multiple factors especially how big your willing to go."
76561198130335512,Recommended,268650,32325363,Posted: 10 June,all,Shale,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game, amount of customization and creativity that this game allows is immense.Pros:-Great depth is creation of vehicles and even the guns on them.-Interesting main story.-Coolest faction ships i've seen in gaming.-Tutorials that are step-by-step and can be viewed in the middle of building without dissruption.-Supstained framerate for the most part when there are lots of ships or big ships.-Very in depths physics and battles.-EXTREME weapon customization, from flak warheads, to drills, to railguns, lasers, mines, missles, and harpoons, you can create your vehicle of destruction however you want.-Many different types of vehicles you can create; from space ships, planes, tanks/cars, boats, submarines, helicopters, balloon ships, airships, and almost anything you can think of.Cons:-Hard to understand and learn at the beginning. The only good way to learn the game is to experiment, watch someone play it a lot, or a combination of the two.-Mulitplayer is poorly optimized.-irregular updates.-only ONE person working on the game.-Needs to be more fleshed out and run better.Overall I would HIGHLY recommend this game to people who like to build or like to see things explode, get sparked by eletricity, or seeing a hundred swarm missles destroy things. The game takes a while to get into, but it will remain one of my favorite games of all time."
76561197975523697,Recommended,268650,23940252,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Radioactive Space Jellyfish,"I absolutely adore this game and the sheer freedom of design it gives to the player. You can build practically anything. Realistic warships, flying castles, sea monster submarines, laser-spewing hovercraft, the list goes on for ages.With that said, it's not perfect. The controls are difficult to learn at best, with two options of a mouse-based control scheme that's easy to use but can make building difficult at times, and a keyboard-based scheme that is vastly superior to the mouse-based scheme for building, but much harder to learn and use. The learning curve is very harsh as well, considering just how much stuff there is to build with and how complex building effectively can get.Pros/Cons:Pros:-Allows an unreal degree of design freedom-Great fun once you get the hang of it-The build mode has a lot of useful features like mirroring and the ability to copy and paste subobjects (turrets/rotating parts).-Absurd skill ceiling, you will never stop learning clever tricks or new methods-Updates fairly frequently-Combat is hilariously destructive, in some cases with weapons blasting entire chunks of enemy vehicles off-Vehicles can be fitted with customizable AI that allow the ship to be controlled automaticallyCons:-Battles can cause massive drops in performance if the fight is big enough (huge vehicles/lots of vehicles).-Difficult to get the hang of.-Difficult, period. Enemy vehicles WILL give you trouble when you start out.Overall, it's a very good game and can be a lot of fun once you get the hang of it, but the difficulty and learning curve are pretty intense. Highly recommended for anyone that enjoys designing their own vehicles, as this game allows you to do precisely that."
,Recommended,268650,24561185,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,XanderTuron,"Ah yes, From the Depths, this is an interesting little sand box game that is hard to describe. Remember when you were a kid (or maybe right now?) and you would make spaceships and other stuff out of lego, and then have them fight? Well that is a very basic way to describe this game.Now lets just clear this out of the way, this game has a steep learning curve (some would describe it as a cliff), and the in game tutorials are not the greatest, however, the community, both on youtube and on the forums have some fairly comprehensive guides on the various aspects of the game.As for the gameplay, there are three main parts, you have the vehicle designer which in its basic form is a sandbox where you design and test your own vehicles and can spawn in any of the vehicles already in game. There is a basic ""story mode"", which mostly just acts as a simple tutorial as well as a set of challenge missions. Finally you have the campaigns; in the campaigns you put the vehicles that you have designed to the test in a quasi real time strategy game with resource and army management.In the main campaign you do battle against the various AI factions (8 in total) of the world of ""Neter"", these factions range from the ramshackle wooden designs of the Deep Water Guard, and their eternal foes, the Onyx Watch with their floating castles mixed with Age of Sail Galleons. In the Steel Striders you have more conventional warships that would be familiar to a World War Two buff alongside futuristic destroyers and battleships. For some truly unique designs, there are the ""alien"" Scarlet Dawn, and the tribal Grey Talons with their imposing airships. Of course the most unique in my opinion are the White Flayers, a group of religious fanatics whose ships seemed to have been designed in the wastelands of the Mad Max franchise.There are other worlds as well, including one meant for a World War II Axis vs Allies campaign.As for the vehicles that you can build, they come in a few different flavours; you can create a wide range of naval craft, along with helocopters (very complex to do however), airplanes, low orbit space craft, land vehicles, and if you are so inclined, you can also make stationary buildings.While the game is in Early Access, it is complete enough that you are only really limited by your imagination (and your ability to actually make said imagination work) as well the game recieves frequent updates. Of course, if you purchase the game, you do have to be prepared for updates that may change how the game plays, or messes with your carefully designed vehicles (the much needed engine rework was a good example of this). However, the games developer is pretty good at making it so that any changes are fairly backwards compatible so as to avoid completely breaking designs.So yeah, get out there, make a raft that can barely float, and then before you know it, you will find yourself conquering the world.*Edit* I forgot to mention that the controls in this game are awkward to get used to, standard WASD to move the camera/character, but the vehicle controls use other keys such as UJHK, which would probably make the game awkward for some people, particularly left handed individuals. However, the controls can be rebinded in the launcher, though I have not attempted to do so, as a result I am not sure how well the game responds to this."
76561198028619650,Recommended,268650,15994910,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Asukalasin,"Playing campaign:>Spawned with flying fortress and a scout ship and was at war with deepwater guard, some bunch of pirate punks>bribed the deepwater guard with my oil, we all friendly with each other>Scrapped the scout ship>camped for 2-3hours and built 4 ships, also improved my fortress>made a laser turret, a prefabricated laser and cannon also added 250+ wooden beams to make spaced walls on the fortress added an AI system to it>Called the deepwater guard c***ts and declared war on them>Sent my fleet of 4 to scout, they didn't send border patrol>Sent fleet back to help defend fortress>Call them c***s again>They sent about 2 capital ships 7 escorts, 2 airborne>oh f*** I'm screwed>Turned on the AI for fleet for combat and turned on the fortress weaponry AI>All hell break loose>Rockets started flying, cannons started their barrages, capital ship with huge a** cannon started firing>A few moments in, weapon AI on fortress got destroyed, had to manually aim the weapons>Manual Laser aim destroyed half their ships (including one of mine, accidents happen :(. ) and disabled one of the capital ships, downed one of the planes, my ships were disabled at this point>Balloon ship thought it was smart by bombing me from above, pointed cannon up and sprayed cannon shells at it>Destroyed the flying s***c***>Other capital ship started circling my fortress, gun depression on the laser couldn't get it>Commando-mode-on>Jump on board the ship and started breaking everything with my smg and power mace>Destroying things left and right, punching the cannon firing piece, destroying their controls etc.>Trying to find ammo barrels to explode the ship>Somehow my mace was doing a lot of damage and destroying wooden beams and steel beams with one hit>Got melted by my own laser because AI got repaired by the damned repairbots12/10 would get blasted by my own laser againDon't question whether you should buy this or not, buy it now. It's confusing at first but a lot of fun, protip watch the official tutorial video they have on youtube."
,Recommended,268650,19378357,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,The Iron Wolf,"Great game with awsome steam workshop support,authough it has a very steep lerning curve.I guess you could say...this game is very...(•_•)( •_•)>⌐■-■(⌐■_■)In-Depth"
76561197986830840,Recommended,268650,13920833,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ryashon,I though robocraft was pretty good. I like this game far more than robocraft.
,Recommended,268650,23720842,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gbit,learning curve is steeper than a 90 degree anglebut this is one of my favorite gamesbuy it
76561198033653516,Recommended,268650,15863657,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Tank_Man_5150,"This game...oh this game. Where to begin?How about by getting something out of the way first: this is no Minecraft. It isn't download and just ""get"" it straight away, and the included tutorials...well they're tutorials, they get their job done. Point is, there's a learning curve to this game as others have mentioned, both in the construction of parts such as cannons, AI, and engines, then in the actual build process itself.It takes some getting used to when using tools that expedite construction to say the least.But then you get your first boat built and working in the creative mode. Maybe you rig it with the simple weapons. Maybe you make your own weapons. Maybe, just maybe, you start building the largest most fearsome ship possible and just pack that thing full of custom cannons that are essentially full bore autocannons, enough missiles to start and end a war with one of the game's factions, turreted lasers that burn aircraft out of the sky, and a gigantic slash elaborate drill system just to get the point across to your enemies: this is not a boat to be trifled with. Then you make more and more.Perhaps you go into the actual story missions. They have restrictions, parameters, quotas that can't be surpassed. You could just choose to use the resources ie ships given to you to complete them, or you could just make your own machines, using those same restrictions to guide how you cobble them together. Therefore you can complete them your own way, and with plenty of trial and error.Eventually; very quickly if you continue to just smash enemy story mission ships to smithereens; you unlock the campaign mode. Suddenly, all the wonderful ships you built and the machines you used to beat the story missions can become your very own personal fleet with a bit of time, AI, and some patience. Just as suddenly the game ceases to be some sort of ""meet the objectives"" shooter but rather an RTS where your units are those you've built yourself from the twisty maddening reaches of your own imagination. Now you're after efficiency: how can you, the admiral of your fleet, get ships built that are as cheap but effective as possible to mount an assault or defend against enemy fleets? So you continue to build.Upon which you realize that this has ceased to be a sandbox; it is now a ""toybox."" A vehicle simulator, shooter, real-time-strategy, and a huge heaping box of building blocks all mashed together to let you build your own naval and air-force warmachine. And best of all, it gives you most of the building pieces from the get-go.Criminy, if you're still a little iffy on getting From the Depths since it's on Early Access at least follow the confounded game!"
76561198065220941,Recommended,268650,31289983,Posted: 21 April,all,MustangNinjas,"Fun, with limitless posiblilities, but . . . . it's a tad over complicated. Definitly not friendly to new users.Update - This game has gotten even *more* complex, which would drive my initial review home further, but the addition of a new, robust tutorial system has greatly helped me overcome the game's learning curb."
,Recommended,268650,17745613,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,.BAT,"I have done nothing but trying to buil a big♥♥♥♥♥ship. Amazing game BUT PLZ, ADD A CTRL+Z OPTION. IM CRYING TEARS OF BLOOD WHEN I ACCIDENTALLY PRESS F10/10 would spend another hour reverting the changes"
76561198077500553,Recommended,268650,25852905,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,david.pearson,"This game is a MUST for anyone with a creative engineering mind.I spent days hating this game. Hating that I couldn't make a hull that would be stable and not sink. Hating that I could not make my weapons work. Hating that the moment I managed to make something work only to watch it get torn to shreds in seconds.But as I learned, I got better. And as I got better, I began to love the game.Now I'm an addict. An actual addict. Don't play this if you like your family... Hahaha!Seriously though, try it. And stick with it. It's a cracking game!"
,Recommended,268650,13913052,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Vaude,"I got this game during the winter sale, thinking it would be a minecraft clone. It's turned out to be so much better. If you like Space Engineers, or similar types of games, I highly reccomend getting this game. While it does have a bit of a learning curve, there is nothing close to what this game allows you to do. 10/10 would have memory wiped to experience the game new again."
,Recommended,268650,22655997,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Seldaphar,"You wanna build a ship. Check.Airplane? Yep.Submarine? Totally.Helicopter? You betja.Spacecraft? Definetely.A giant flying chicken that has cannons and missiles? Already done.Hours upon hours of sanbox content, this game is the penultimate of early access."
76561198021224433,Recommended,268650,20674993,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,reborn,This game is smarter than I am.10/10
76561198062728174,Recommended,268650,14271346,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Aleron,">Buys From the Depths, having seen some of the gameplay.>Messes around in vehicle design mode.>Ends up spawning an enemy ship, whom promptly started to wreck my s***.>Restarts designer after saving vehicle.>Resumes work on said vehicle, CAPSLOCK'ing to hold it in place, starting to work on cannons.>Finds the custom cannons and starts making one after looking at short in-game tutorial.>Wants to make an artillery-like cannon, thus making the barrel twice as thick as my guy is tall, the barrel thrice as long as the whole f***ing tiny boat I got it on.>S***-eating grin the whole time, mind going rampant on the carnage it could possible do given the stats.>Spawns a Vanguard to test it out on.>Unfreezes the ship to try and aim the cannon at it.>Forgot about bouyancy and the weight of the cannon, ship sinks.>Forgot ammunition barrels to make sure the Really Really Big Gun could even fire.>Neglected to put said cannon on turret for me to actually aim it.>Enemy boat takes out the barrel then me after.>Flips table and restarts the designer, loads ship to prior the cannon.>Actually looks at tutorials on how to make a tub that won't sink.>Repeat this for over a month, getting better and better at ship designing.>Current project is a giant♥♥♥♥♥floating fortress of death.>Armed with lasers, underside cannons, and missile arrays to possibly take out fleets.>Has enough power to supply a small town, fuel for several airports, and can rip up supplies from the earth at a rate for a small army.>Grins evilly and spawns another Vanguard.>Weapons turn to fire at it, ripping the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to shreds.>Missiles start flying, me thinking they were going to utterly decimate it.>Finds out that the missiles aren't even turning towards it, instead just flying up towards the sky.>Computer's taking a s*** in framerate due to the number of missiles that go flying.>Gets so bad that game ends up crashing.10/10 Would buy a better computer for this game!"
,Recommended,268650,12607882,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Bombzero,"Pretty solid in its current state, promising future, dev actually interacts with community and the game was a functional and playable product when released on Early Access, which already makes it more likely to not get abandoned than 99% of games on here.That being said, if you want a more 'secure' project or a game that can be played for merits other than sandbox elements I'd wait a month or even several. There's a big update coming soonish to the 'main' gameplay mode, and a huge list of not-yet-implemented features at the current time.Gameplay wise. It uses a very well fleshed out sandbox building tool to design ships either on the fly or in advance that can be made or spawned into the various game modes. Eventually should feature a rather lengthy campaign that looks like it'll basically be a set of scenarios and goals, simple but entertaining, a Multiplayer campaign mode (""world domination"" style gameplay with resource zones and stuff), and single battles pitting ships against eachother within a resource budget.Pros:-The building tools are amazing, actually including features like fill tools, mirroring both 'along a line' and between two blocks allowing both odd and even number symmetry. Saving and loading sub parts of vehicles (tad odd at this time), and a lot of other ""Blatantly obvious"" things that it's always annoying when sandbox games lack.-The game appears to have a fleshed out backstory and lore that the vehicles of the factions and the story missions are being created to match, and will likely feature a content rich and interesting game world in the end.-The aesthetics. The game's graphical style is quite nice, with wooden structures and vehicles appearing a tiny bit ramshackle but still sturdy, metal stuff solid and sleek in form but covered in weld lines and rivets, the avatars(player controlled characters) interesting and unique. All in all it reminds me of steampunk with a bit of a clunkier appearance that I think fits the general design of the game perfectly.Neutral:-The weapons, while satsifying and powerful, suffer from a bit of 'one best option' problems. For example cannons are best served as being stupidly long guns with obscene fire rates, without much reason to do things like a massive caliber slow firing gun as you could make it rapid fire for purely an additional resource cost. Meaning ""Bigger is always better, faster firing is always better"" with nearly no exceptions.-The physics engine for vehicles is a decent blend of realism and gameplay/CPU intensity concessions. Don't expect an accurate naval warfare simulator or realistic aerodynamics but it's definitely solid.-The combant. Sans current minor AI derpiness the combat is rather well done, with versatile weapon options for your vehicles, ammo and fuel management being things you need to take into account, and lots of information presented in nice visual and auditory manners that don't look out of place. (Shell tracers that indicate shell type, energy shields showing up in world, engines changing pitch by power drain, thrusters for fortresses and jets showing information about themselves by the color of their trails, etc)Cons:-The AI is a little clunky at present, does ok navigating and fighting solo but tends to ram allies repeatedly, make a beeline for stationary structures or sky forts and get caught on those, and the 'orders' system is as of this update not terribly useful or fleshed out, and results in even more of the above. Unfortunately, this is also a key feature of the game, and will almost be required for success in campaign after the coming update, so hopefully it's put in a better state in the next few updates.-Lacking in content, obviously, it's an Early Access game, but the core gameplay ideas are present and largely functional.-Multiplayer is in early testing this version, don't buy it for that, yet.-Current implementation of campaign mode maps is unwieldy and a little derpy in how it handles diplomacy, e.g. allies will 'capture' any territories you leave defended only by structures or empty, but you will still receive resources from your harvesting objects there. Next version this should change but we have limited info on that, so perhaps hold off if that bothers you."
76561198054018604,Recommended,268650,32904862,Posted: 27 June,all,Jihad-Teppo,"Absolutely amazing game.Lets go to the details:-Learning curve is very high, be prepared to have your ships capsize and get destroyed a lot-Once thats over, it gets really fun. Moving from simple little cannons to massive 500mm autocannons and laser weapon systems makes the game entirely different.-Requires a good CPU, however even an i3 can get you making battleships and fighting with them.-There are many ways to build everything. Different armor layouts, cannon component tetris and engine tweaking.-Community is one of the friendliest ive ever seen. Go to the official forum and youll find a bunch of helpful people who are always willing to help you grip the basics, tweak guns to maximum DPS and compliment good looking designs.-Multiplayer is ATM kind of bad, setting a server up can be annoying, but once working it has really no issues other than lag.-Graphics are not Witcher 3 level, but they get the job done. Most of the time you wont even be looking at the ships in detail, just looking at the 100+ cannon rounds flying around!Overall, if you are willing to learn the game, GET IT. It is honestly one of the best games i ever have played, the fact that i bought it for 5€ makes me feel i ripped the devs off."
,Recommended,268650,26063176,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Swank,I've created submarine aircraft carriers. I've crafted orbital strike platforms. I've used triremes to supply my fleet of WW2-era warships. I've watched my opponents smash themselves in nuclear minefields.And I still haven't played a fourth of a campaign. Seriously.
76561198034350733,Recommended,268650,12484283,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,MrJamus,"Challenging and very, very addictive. It's hard to believe this thing is still in Alpha. There are a few eccentricties that I hope get ironed out, but it's really hard to tell whether these things are user error or bugs (though I must admit I usually find through trial and error that they're my fault). The only complaint I have is very minor, and that is that certain objects cannot be inverted...this sometimes impacts the performance of my designs or at the very least detracts from their aesthetic appeal. I'm really splitting hairs there though...overall it's truly amazing.Now the learning curve is rather steep, but I've found that looking over some of the many designs available through the workshop as well as the included designs that you can get an idea of how to actually design things yourself. If you're unwilling to put the time in, though, you should just keep on browsing and find something else. It takes some thought, tweaking, and occasional reloading of previous designs (definitely save your builds often, if there's an undo button I haven't found it and find myself occasionally detaching entire portions of builds and can't bring them back) to get something really usable.However, the reward of watching your functional (if ugly, in my case) aircraft streaking across the sky and firing giant heat seeking missiles down onto a ship until the AI detaches the magnetic free fall bomblets all while continuing on to circle back around for another attack run...well...it's totally worth every agonizing hour of design work.Try it out...I mean it's already awesome and this early in development it can only get even better."
76561198129124128,Recommended,268650,19062355,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Redstorm,"This is one of those early access games that will have you coming back over and over again no matter what. Its fun, challenging in its own way, and in most cases, brutal. However thats my opinion.If I were to list the pro's and cons they'd be as follows:Pro's:- Potential for Epic Battles- Ability to build almost anything that maintains the games logic (Which means you can build a lot of stuff)-VERY ACTIVE DEV AND COMMUNITY- Very nice and helpful community- There is a steep learning curve, but that's what makes it fun- Large reserve of resources ingame as well as on Youtube to help learn the gameCon's:- If you dont have the patience or time to learn, the learning curve will seem more like a vertical wall than a curve.- The game is early access and you may want to wait for it to be leave alpha, however the content we have to work with currently is superb- If you can't handle losses, than you'll dislike the campaign as its inevitableEnding Notes: This game is pure awesomeness wrapped into a nice little package. This game is like Minecraft and Robocraft but taken to the next level.Sorry for the essay, but I needed to get my point across. 15/10 would buy again."
76561198023734139,Recommended,268650,15076527,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Bill Nye The Russian Spy,"This is very well one of my favorite games on steam. It is not merely a vehicle designer, making a few ships, get bored, quit and then never play again. it has so many diffrent aspects, almost eveything is costomizable, and the sheer scale you can build ship and they will actually have the proper physics for large ships astounds me. i am a senior programmer with unity and i still have no clue how they fine tuned the physics and areodynamics in this game. But like i said before, it is not a mere vehicle designer, you can pit your designs against the nuilt in ones, or fight to the death with your friende or one of your own ships. and afteryou play around in the vehicle designer for a while, a campaign is unlocked. Putting a whole new flood of challenges to overcome. now instead of one on one ship battles, you fight your entire fleet against another entire fleet. this is the best game in my library, and thats saying a lot, i have 40+ games.   10/10"
,Recommended,268650,13483674,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Bruce,"When I was younger, I would make ships and boats with lego, cardboard, tin-foil.... well just about anything really, and see if they could float and see how long they would survive the rough seas of the bath. I loved that as a kid, with this game it brings back so many great memories aswell as great fun. You start of with one block and build amazing things from scratch, either a helicopter, plane or maybe a submarine, boat or even a hot air ballon, then drop it into the water and see if it will float, sink, fly or sail. Then add some Ai for Ai controlled guns and Ai controlled movement, then add some some CUSTOM made cannons, lazor's and/or missiles, Then spawn in an enemy ship and test your almighty beast against the scum of the sea, the ""Deep Water Guard"", you may lose the first battle, you may lose the second battle and maybe even the third, but with every defeat you grow stronger, its not how hard you can hit (well thats pretty important too lol), but instead how hard you CAN get hit and get back up and create another ship/plane or whatever it may be and finally destroy that enemy ship!This also has Multiplayer so you and a few friends could build a masterpiece together or just build your own ships and see who wins. This game offers alot of fun and replayability even for an early access game (never thought i'd say that) and this also has a compaign mode, but thats all I will say for now, I will leave you discover the master piece which is from the dephts for yourselfs, and also if you want to watch any videos about this game I would recommend you watch ""Budkai"" on youtube. Thanks."
76561198046939755,Recommended,268650,34139048,Posted: 9 August,all,Sgt. N. Saper [1stRB],"I had my eye on this game for a long time, but only picked it up a week ago.  I am not disappointed.  After a few hours of trial and error, I built something that floated.  A few more hours, and it had a gun.  A few more hours, and it turned into a 300 meter long super-battleship armed with heavy guns, torpedoes, and guided missiles.  It's a challenging game to learn, sure, and I still have a lot to figure out, but that's the fun of it for me.  10/10."
,Recommended,268650,25100450,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,xX_Mousefan_Xx,"This game is amazing, so customizable, and so many things to do. 200+ hours in and I'm still not even close to discovering the best methods for building things. And there are a lot of things to build. You want a giant battleship that can destroy every enemy that dares face it, you can do it. You want a small destroyer that unleashes hundreds of missiles? You can do that, too. Want a submarine that can launch planes? That's possible too. Want a battleship that flies? That's possible too. Just want to make a man's sausage that fires missiles? Well, you do you. You could also build a floating castle, spaceship, submarine-helicopter hybrid, flying tank, land battleship, fighter jet, bomber, helicopter, hovercraft, submarine-spaceship hybrid, ship with a giant saw on the front that cuts through other ships, kamikaze, ICBM, robotic person that shoots lasers, robotic chicken that shoots lasers, motorcycle, sports car, house, sailboat, galleon, the Black Pearl from Pirates of the Carribean or any other ship from that franchise, a flying galleon, a vertical take off plane, airship, galleon airship, scultpture of whatever person, creature, or thing you want, a paddlewheel steamship, ironclad, or even bumper car.I would say the sky's the limit, but it isn't. You do anything, and I mean anything. The list I made isn't even a full list, there are so many more things to build that I didn't write down, and the developer is STILL implementing now things. Speaking of the developer, he listens to what you have to say. If you go on the forum right now, I garuntee that there is a comment made by one of the developers. They listen, talk to you, give reasons why something is or isn't in the game. If they like an idea, they might even put it in the game. On top of all this, if you build a good quality ship on the workshop that you put a lot of effort in, there is a good chance the developers might put your ship in the game as an enemy faction. How cool would that be?TL;DR Great game, lots of stuff to build, developers listen to you."
,Recommended,268650,31180634,Posted: 16 April,all,RicksterV3,"A game where all of the cons are actually pros.-Infinitely complex game => infinite freedom-Sloooooowwwww learning curve => never bored, I can play a millions hours before I know everything-Always find design flaws in my vehicles => always room for improvementOnce you hit 200 hours, everything starts to get really fun as you understand the fundamentals of this game.It may be difficult for some players to hit 200 hours as this game is really complex, therefore it needs some willpower and enthusiasm to play this game.Recommended for players who willingly learn and love sadbox games."
76561198100343262,Recommended,268650,21517438,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,evank218,"All those hours you will spend obsessing over building a functional cannon will be worth it a thousand times over when you finally have a functional warship on your hands. There is nothing in any other game quite like seeing glimpses of your target being obliterated by a barrage of explosive shells, as you watch from behind the muzzle flash and the clouds of steam and smoke. It's a feeling that only this game can deliver.Stop reading this, buy the game, and shoot giant bullets at things until they explode."
,Recommended,268650,20792434,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,zebramax,"I cant really describe this game as there is nothing like it so here are the pros and consPROS- once youve learnt how to build engines and cannons you can make some pretty awsome creations- plenty of blocks to build with (unlike comparable build systems which only have up to 2x2 slopes ect) so you can get more shaping- the most customisability from any game ive seen (you can change anything shell type, cannon size ect)CONS- The cannon and engine system can be difficult to understand at first as certain things work in certain ways- making stable ships and functional aircraft without them looking ugly is really hard to do- the ""pid controller"" (a little computer to help stability) is painful to set up as lots of un-noobfriendly jargon is usedoverally i would recommend this game if you like building stuff and customization but if your impatient with things and get annoyed when it doesnt work DONT BUY because you will just get frustrated at it and wont relax at all. However with that said if your favorite thing to do is sit down and build something for 2-3 hours then this game is amazing."
,Recommended,268650,11651466,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Squids have curves,"It's a pre-alpha and there's already so many things to do, I can't wait to see the upcoming things...The good:Complex (So many possibilities!)You can design your ship, your gun, your engine and even the AIFriendly Dev who is very active and listen to the community.Has a lot of potential + planned multiThe bad:Complex (Not very user friendly)Ugly♥♥♥♥♥textures.Anyway I've had a ton of fun and totally worth it, buy it now!Also don't worry if like me you're a fan of Space engineer, it's still different enough to not be redundant."
,Recommended,268650,18103003,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Wild [D4],Confusing for new comers but a bloody good game if you can run it and get to grips with it!
76561197967918496,Recommended,268650,11617244,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,"This is one of those rare games that come along that just makes you say wow.  Ive over 1700 games on Steam, even more since Ive been gaming all the way back to the 80's. This is one of those very very rare gems that just literally makes me go wow.  Technically pleasing and advanced enough to make me even want to spend endless hours using it. This will certainly be ONE of those games people talk about for years if not decades to come. When Minecraft came out it was a massive hit, this could very well be that next big thing. Its just way way to fun as it is, and I cant imagine how much more fun it will be when its done. By no means does that mean its not feature fun, it certainly is.  My mind just cant get wrapped around the idea that its still early access and has more content coming in.  Certainly more challenging than minecraft mind you, think minecraft with ubber tekkit and you have an idea whats involved here. Just mind numbing options available to a person to build, let alone fly, sail, drive it into battle and watch it fall apart. Now this is a classic in the making."
76561198018430578,Recommended,268650,34694571,Posted: 2 September,all,Wings,"Still don't know how lasers work. 10/10 ""Would play the tutorials again."""
76561198258267261,Not Recommended,268650,28509854,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The Hungry Thing,"TL;DR: You need to make a large time commitment and motivation to get anything done, but please read the entire review.Before you read this, this is a negative review because of the fact that while I would love this game, it has flaws that make it impractical for me.When first opening, there are no problems. The main GUI is simple to understand and easy to navigate, although grammatical errors appear every now and then. The main issues are with the steep learning curve and the fact that the tutorials don't really give you an idea of how to make a ship/airplane that fulfills all of the ""requirements"" that most set; It must be good looking, dangerous to the enemy, resource, fuel, and energy efficient, and have a practical purpose. It gives the building blocks, but lacks an explanation on how to put them together. I do understand, however, that games that ""hold your hand"" can quickly become annoying, but some early instruction would be nice.The learning curve is quite steep; it took me 10-15 hours to get a moderate grasp of most of the components and how they work. It can get frustrating when the tutorial doesn't explain the concept well enough for you to understand (the airplane ones were like this for me).Once past most of the tutorials, I hopped into designer, and, seeing people like Robbaz, Lathland, and Redstonize, I set about making a ship to beat them all! Then failed. One of the biggest challenges faced by the newcomers is the fact that you have to build your own ships from scratch, without any guides on the simple things like how to shape you hull and the best layout to organize things like ammo, engines, and mainframes, or a general idea of how much you'll need.IMPORTANT PART STARTINGThe time commitment is huge for From the Depths. It will take a considerable amount of time to build any decently performing ship. Battles can take a while, restocking and moving fleets takes time to learn and perform. All of your desings need prior thought to build; it is not a ""sit-down-during-lunch-and-play-for-5-minutes-game."" It will be easy (and almost required) to play for hours at a time, and for younger kids with ""technology time"" restrictions, it will be challenging. You will need to plan and plan and plan to make sure everything fits together nicely.Finallly, time for the gameplay. It is well put together, clean, pretty easy to understand, and gets harder as you progress. The killer: time. Yes, my biggest and (almost) only problem is time. If you have the time to spend, go for it. For the casual gamer, balancing a job, school, or time restraints placed by parents or schedules, this is problably no for you. If you have the motivation, then go for it, as the sucesses outweigh the troubles in the long run.IMPORTANT PART ENDED"
76561198048398835,Recommended,268650,20167283,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,theoDoge,"This game is EVE Online, world of warships, age of empires, and command and conquer combined. I bought it out of bordom but the game has come so far as to be stunning. alpha it is certainly not. filled with more content than three of its competitors combined it is. there are only a few things which could honestly turn someone away from this game, including being cheaper than even me, having the attention span of a goldfish or not enjoying the borderline graphics style. every weapon system is fully, sometimes overly customizabe. i have been playing for nearly 200 hours and i'm still figuring out new ways of doing things every day. forgiving but when you tryuly figure out how to make something work...by jolly it is a great feeling."
,Recommended,268650,16466365,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Prontius,Much more addictive than minecraft.The developer seems to react very quickly to quashing bugs. The single player campaign is very challenging and there's a steep learning curve but that only seems to make it more addictive. It's very stable for an early-access game and I've seen no crashes so far.I don't normally leave reviews but this game deserves more attention and a larger community.
76561197970544985,Recommended,268650,13862724,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Kethrian,"Take all the best bits of Mincraft, Space Engineers, Robocraft, Starmade... Throw them together with a campaign and story line missions, then add a large dose of cool and youre getting somewhere close to this game.It has a steep learning curve, but there are plenty of videos and tutorials available to get you started. You can get your first small boat up and running pretty quickly but it will take some time and experimentation before you can make some of the crazy stuff you see on the videos and You Tube vids.The Dev is active, responsive and listening to the community, with updates coming thick and fast.Definately give this game a go... but please give it more than 10 minutes before making your mind up (like your standard steam reviewer)."
,Recommended,268650,19649790,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,MrZacbot,Very confusing when you start playing the game but so incredible rewarding when you finally work out how to do stuff!
76561198061493460,Recommended,268650,16360531,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Argus,Easily the best vehicle building game I've ever played. I love it to death and highly recommend it to anyone that likes games like Space Engineers or Starmade. I've built everything from submarines to orbital laser cannons.
76561198109226067,Recommended,268650,24608216,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"Had to watch a youtube tutorial on how to pass the Muddy Waters tutorial mission. 11/10, quality engineering"
,Recommended,268650,34083460,Posted: 7 August,all,9911MU51C,"Originally got this game thinking it would be another vehicle building sim I could spend a few hours on, and then I was hooked. 338 hours in currently and I'm still learning things (I haven't even touched the particle cannons or steam engines). Imagine a cross between KSP and your favorite RTS, and then imagine you can build the units exactly as you want down to placing each cylinder on the engine and building the guns from pieces to fit your needs.Honestly I can't really speak on the campaign game modes because I've spent most my time in the vehicle designer just building new designs and trying out whacky vehicles. Ever wanted to build a mini-sub with a giant drillbit on the front that can harpoon onto the bottom of ships? Go for it! Want a blimp that can bomb ships? Sure! (though it probably won't last long). There's infinite possibilities and the 2 person team making the game seems loyal and hard working. The last update was 2.0 and took 8 months, but it was a total conversion to a new engine."
,Recommended,268650,23677418,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Schrodinger's Cat,"If you like vehicle designers, sandboxes, real time strategy games, or just want to feel like a pirate: GET THIS GAME!!!It takes a really long time to figure out anything, but if you get the hang of it and are anything like me, this game will fill a void like no other game can."
76561198062925758,Recommended,268650,32266435,Posted: 8 June,all,jdennehey,For me it was really hard to learn but when you learn it it is really fun.
,Recommended,268650,24680373,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Antibody,"If you enjoy building games like me, this game is gem in the rough.  It has similar vehicle design to Empyrion, but much more detailed.  Of all the building games I've tried (7 Days, ARK, Subnautica, Eden Star, Empyrion, Intersteller Rift, Space Engineers, Miscreated, WURM, etc ,etc.) the combat in this game is by far the best.  Submarines, surface ships, aircraft, spaceships, land vehicles and forts can all participate in the same battle.Pros:- Sky's the limit in design possibilities.- Lots of combat.- Repair bots function automatically.  No need to repair/replace damaged blocks by hand.- Thousands of designs on the Steam Workshop.Cons:- Some counter-intuitive physics at times.  (For example, ships use bouyancy rather than displacement)- Incredibly steep learning curve.- Maximum of 50,000 blocks per battle.- The UI is difficult to navigate and controls are somewhat clunky."
,Recommended,268650,22527540,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,DimAurora,"Written as of Release 1.947, 19 April, 2016.This game is one I've been addicted to for months now. I may not have the hours to show it, as I play a fair amount offline, but the experience is definitely here. I'll have a quick summary. Would I recommend From The Depths to someone who is willing to learn and values gaining experience through trial and error? Yes. Would I recommend it to someone who just wants a simple game that's easy to get into and you can easily become a powerful god in? Absolutely not.Well, why would I recommend this to the first type of people? Well, it's a hard game. I'm not going to lie. This game will slam your face in the ground many times. But the ones who learn from things like that will thrive off of what they learned from that. They'll get back up, dust themselves off, and fix the problem before heading back in. A fair amount of knowledge is useful in From The Depths. Simple physics, some mathematics, advanced problem solving, etc. But even people who don't know those can easily excel with the will to learn from mistakes. Your ship keeps flipping over? Well, time to make sure the center of mass sits lower in the vehicle. Basic problem solving can soothe the rage I see in others.But what about the second group, Dim? As I said, it's a hard game. Not everything will just pop right up to you. I first started playing this before the new tutorial additions, and let me tell you, it was hard. 90% of what I know came from reverse engineering, experimentation, and watching others. But now there's a much better tutorial system that even helped me with some things. I can say if you instantly want to be a god at building things, this will never be the game for you. No amount of tutorials will ever make it so. You have to be able to not get frustrated at every little thing and be able to problem solve. It takes time.Now some people complain about the ""horrible"" UI. Well, yes, it's extremely simple and definitely not pretty. But it gets the job done. There are a few things that I'd say are difficult to figure out, but once you get it, it's second nature. I will admittedly say the multiplayer is lackluster. It's originally what I got the game for, to play with friends. But now they're working on it. It's an Early Access game after all. There will be issues. There are quite a few other little issues, but everything is subject to change since I first typed this. No game is perfect. I will say the learning curve was rough, but the game must have some addictive drug in it after you get the hang of what to do.Pros:Amazing building capabilitiesSmart AI systems (usually)Infinite combinations of gun systemsHighly reactive physicsSuperb combat effects (shell impacts, pieces flying off, etc.)Amazingly rewarding for the ones who persistGreat graphics (for a Voxel game)Cons:Harsh learning curvePoor optimizationPoor multiplayerSmall glitches (shouldn't be much of a problem, however)Overall:8/10. Amazing game in my opinion, but it has flaws. Worth the buy for those willing to invest some time into it."
,Recommended,268650,18515321,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Wilhelm W. Walrus,"*ahem**read imaging Morgan Freeman as the narator for full experience*Long ago, a young walrus laid in his bed watching Netflix late at night. He had loved customization in video games, so much so nothing quite solved his hunger for customization; not Grand Theft Auto Five, and even not DC: Universe Online. This creative young walrus envisioned a sandbox-survival where you could do more than slap 200 pre-build engines and cannons on a vehicle to make it good; a game where he could customize every aspect of everything in the whole fuzzing universe. Long since then, that poor little walrus gave up on that dream, realizing nobody would ever go the extra mile for such a game. But Brilliant Skies Ltd. proved little Willie walrus very wrong. They went the extra GIGAPARSEC (for those whoare NOT the largest nerd in ze world, zat is the largest unit of measurement, a.k.a. 3.6 billion light years). Little Wilhelm was ecstatic at this marvelous game. As fast as a tubby little walrus could run, he grabbed 20 bucks out of his wallet and sacrificed it for this marvel. But it was too good to be true right? NAY, NAY I DO SAY. Little Willie walrus discovered he didn't even know where to start when trying to POWER his vehicle with an engine. Willie could not even make a ship that drove correctly; he had to make a katamaran (3-platformed boat). But with the power of his friend YouTube, Wilhelm Walrus make a boat (given, it is not very good a fighting), and soon enough he joined the campaign to stick it to the Deepwater Guard (he still actually hasn't, but he is trying (:3=)).*nerdy white kid lispy voice*Now that I have told the story of little Willie Walrus, he shall list the pros and consPROS-This game has already improved its graphics form the older videos on the steam page.-Brilliant Skies has managed to find balance between content and bug-fixing updates, like ye old Space Engineers.-It never gets old, there is simply too much to do, too much to make, *deep-voiced black guy*too much love.-3 types of weapons is actually enough to play hundreds of hours, 3; that shows the complexity of this game.-You can make any type of vehicles, form fortesses, to mountainside artillery, to cars (i think, haven't expirimented), boats obviously, balloon-craft, helicopters, helicarriers, aircraft carriers, jets, propeller planes, space or air satellites, and maybe spacecraft, I haven't seen it one but I'm confident someone will.-Controls are intuitive once you learn them, but you better spend some time with 'em TO learn them.-There are 19 parts for missles. You can make any type of missle, even torpedoes or, uh, harpoon missiles...-Everything is balanced.-No bugs that ruin any experience.CONS-It can be a bit annoying just staring at your resources going up when you're saving up to spawn in your pimping new battlecruiser in campaign.-Campaign mode is a bit simple (at the moment at least)-LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAG. And I have a ASUS G750 Republic of Gamers. So if you run your games in POTATO OS v. 6.7, I reccomend staying away till further notice.-I have been failed far too many times by early access (looking at you Starforge and Stranded Deep, and, well Stomping Land), however this looks very promising.-If you're a bit more casual, then look at that street sign over there, <Steep Learning Curve Ahead>All-in-all, 13.536 out of 5 stars. It is my new favorite Steam game. It beat Payday fudging 2. A must for people who like games they have to research, and btw a great place to learn is Lathrix's channel on Youtube, it helped a lot.*UPDATE* They have now added a 4th type of weapon, of course not counting simple weapons. They are complex cannons, and they are far more customizable with different mantlets and best of all custimizable projectiles (:3=)! They have also improved the texture for wood further, and it now looks like it could actually be used in more than a flimsy wee raft.*NOTE* As I said in my cons list, this game be not for the casuals. It is very hard, it can take hours to design a simple corvette, or a little raft with a gun. Some of the UI doesn't make this much better, just with the way it is presented seemingly randomly."
,Recommended,268650,17427282,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Veteran Skirmisher,"I genuinely dislike minecraft due to my lack of creativity, and other too such as space engineer. At first, this look interesting as have a wide variety of location to build your project like plane,spaceship and ships. I didn’t expect much considering this look like every other building game and in early access. The game does take a while to get into, my ship keep flipping, and plane nose dive when take off. I still can’t make a proper plane but the suprising thing of this is I actually enjoy what I fail instead of sobbing in a corner :DThe community is also very friendly, they will usually try and say constructive thing but you would get much better help with their forum on their website.The building aspect is relatively easy, I can either use the usually flying and use mouse to build or using your WASD to move your block piece which is extremely conveniences as I don’t need to fly around and aim at that specific spot. It does not have undo which can give you a major headache from time to time.Despite the stereotype of Early Access, the developer on this update every few weeks and most update are major. There are also other small and important feature that are not in such as the ability for turret to not go back to it original position and key binding on the entire keyboard.The multiplayer aspect is pretty much nonexistence if you do not have a friend to play with since majority of room are password protected."
,Recommended,268650,24741603,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Murt,"This game is absolutely incredible... And what a unique concept; it combines the designing and building of Ships, Submarines, Aircraft, Spacecraft, Land vehicles and Structures with strategy and even a little optional first person search & destroy action,"
,Recommended,268650,19191411,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Greygnarl,"Im going to start off by giving some advice to anyone thinking of picking this game up.First off, the learning curve is a slap in the face, if you start trying to play campaign/etc without looking up tutorials or guides you will not have a clue what your doing.The second is that this game is an early access game, its not finished yet and can be buggy, I personally have had instances where the game crashes mid battle or at the end of one. This hasn't occured very often but is annoying when it does. I therfore recommend saving before and after every battle just in case it does crash.After getting over the negatives of bugs/crashes and the insane learning curve i have to say that this game is absolutely amazing (when you know what your doing :P) The conctruction is really good, basically if you think of something in this game you can build it. Replicas of ww2 warships? yep, large bombers? yep, A death star orbiting the planet? yep. The battles are awsome, they allow you to slow down time, zoom over to your enemies and see the chunks being blown out of them by your ships weapons.In all this game is really really good but is a challenge to learn and can be buggy at times. If your willing to push through that then by all means pick this beauty up!"
76561198016771197,Recommended,268650,12807061,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,SirFoxEsquire,"It's kinda like Minecraft and Kerbal Space Program had a baby which had all the ingrediants to fail horribly and fall into the pit of clone games that are all essentially ""Minecraft with a slight twist"", however the baby turned out to be the Mozart of block building games, even in alpha stages it is incredibly fun and rediculously engaging.During the campaign you can feel how innefective a one man army is so your first priority is to automate your ships, planes and fortresses and once that's done this game transforms from a complex block builder, to a full blown Real Time Strategy. It has no real constrictions to the way you play, you can build monstrous battleships that are almost unsinkable, hitting harder than a Sunday morning hangover, or squadrons of ultra nimble fighters that can outpace missiles and bullets with ease, though personally I go for edge of space motherships that rain down molten pain from a distance. The ability to craft a cannon piece by piece is something I've never encountered before, taking into account what kind of weapon would be appropriate for the craft you can fully customise the weapons capabilities from the range, to the accuracy, firerate, caliber and ammunition type, or opt for a laser or missile system with just as many options.Another wonderful thing about this game is the developer's 100% commitment, I've seen on the forums more than once, someone having an issue getting something to work correctly or encountering a bug of sorts and the developer promptly replying, first to appologise, then to explain how to make something work or to say that he will fix this in the next update, which he seems to always follow through with. The developer's liveliness in the community is reason enough to buy this game as he listens to suggestions and responds almost always saying that he will add this as a feature, or that it may damage the balance and it may possibly come as a feature in the future. With this in consideration it honestly feels like a game ""by the people, for the people"".10/10 would play forever"
,Recommended,268650,21117710,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Chitin,"This game, for what it is right now, is excellent, and will only get better. For those who have never heard of it, I reccomend looking into it, as it's entirely worth it by watching a good YouTuber and seeing if it intrests you. However, due to many things being extremely complex, it will likely confuse new players immensely, and it can lag out lower-end PCs in larger battles."
,Recommended,268650,24740267,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Nep,7 steps on how to play this game:1. buy the game2. run the game3. check for tutorials on youtube4. check for tutorials on youtube5. find out you know nothing6. repeat steps 3 to 57. enjoy the gameoverall the game is awesome ;)
76561197988727748,Recommended,268650,29636623,Posted: 1 February,all,GauHelldragon,This is basically the best ship building game out there.
76561198202316987,Recommended,268650,33350487,Posted: 7 July,all,ez_pz_maudadiz,"Just a short warning: This game has a very steep learning curve. You will have to play all the tutorials and read all the texts (including block information), which will take between 2 and 3 hours, and even then you will probably be slightly overwhelmed and barely able to build things which dont sink. You will have to experiment around a lot or watch lots of videos on youtube or visit the forums and ask for help after that to be able to build anything useful.After that, this is the best sandbox ship or submarine or airplane or spacecraft or whatever else you want building game which currently exists. You have to build everything, every weapon and every hull, then customise their AI, and then the way the weapon works yourself. The community is very helpful.TL,DR: If you like creating everything you use yourself and then destroying amazing enemy designs (or your own stuff) with it, and have time and nothing against steep learning curves, buy it.Have a look at the forum first."
76561198043633558,Recommended,268650,26052796,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Zeubs,"You'll notice that the vast majority of reviews are made by people with well over 100 hours.This is because of the games ridiculously steep learning curve; it takes at least 10 hours to get the jist of what you are doing...However, once you know what you are doing the creative part of you that had died from the tedious construction of minecraft, suddernly can be let loose to construct anything you can think of.9/10, the steep learning curve and the games ability to suck away time are the downsides."
,Recommended,268650,21608308,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,CookingApple,"This game may look like yet another game that capitalises on Minecraft's success on the surface. But it could not be any further from the truth. What you got here is a strategy game with heavy emphasis on building your own vehicles, structures and fortresses.The designer alone is worth its pricetag. Can spend hours in it perfecting that one design you made.Also there is multiplayer; with the ability to play the campaign in Co-op."
76561197967643963,Recommended,268650,22806215,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,K. Penney,"-Core flaw (of personal opinion): Very tiring and steep learning curve with the build interface, I would say thats its biggest flaw. Example: theres an 'align block with camera' button, but not a rotate button? Or if they do its very hidden, so again, deep (lol) learning curve.You can always find guides on youtube for ship building / button layout, etc. But for example: I purchased this game some time in 2015 and had a blast with it, trying to relearn the controls again after remembering the several sessions I spent trying to memorize things so it didn't take me an eternity to build the simplist of things really sort of just 'turned me off' again from playing, my feelings on its flaws aside and how they discouraged me from re-learning at the present moment aside!------------------------------------------It's a very 'deep' voxel based game, not quite as hands on as minecraft, you dont collect your resources by hand. The process is some thing of harvesting resources from visable fields in the ocean / using the remains of your enemies. The game does offer missions, multiplayer, a few different campaigns. If you lack ideas you can grab almost anything conceaved on the workshop, no one seems to be shy about sharing their vessels, terrible or not some times. The campaigns sort of turn into an RTS of sorts pretty quickly, as you manage AI fleets and build / repair / arm said vessels with autorepair parts once you can afford them / build repair AI vehicles / Add guns, missiles, torpedoes, etc.-Build anything from 'Space Ships' (I'm not sure if you could call it space, look into that if its a selling point to you*) to old timey galleys to submarines to helicopters to zeplin airships, Aircraft carriers, aircraft carrier subs, sub carrier subs, space ship carrier subs?- the sky is sort of the limit along with your imagination (hence the title) and it can seem a bit primitive, users have come up with some very creative content and shared in the workshop to help 'put wind in your sails' for creative ideas of your own.-Battles can become very exciting, and you can witness your dreams get ripped to shreds, luckily you can save blueprints of your works in progress pretty much any time you like before hand so yeah, you'll learn to save often. I would say having your creation fight other AI craft and win or lose can be quite satisfying and challanging especially at first. Combat can be done manually (manual turret aim, etc) or have AI do 50% - 100% (shoot, or shoot & drive) depending on how you've designed your ships, again because its a voxel game using odd blocks to represent ideas of ship componenets, there is a learning curve even on how AI works on a boat, unless its been changed you must add certain AI controller blocks to work with other AI blocks, its not quite as complicated as it sounds but does take a bit of reading and guide sloothing. That being said, because of its complexity with parts it will allow users to create very cool and unusual concept vehicles.-Bugs and crashing, it's at a minimal if any, and if memory serves me correct earlier versions were relitively bug and crash free, though again if I remember correctly from the peroid I played when I purchased, it did not include multiplayer of any sort less sharing vessels, so I cannot speak for the potential bugginess of the MP aspects of the game.DO I recommend this for you?:--------------------------------If you enjoy playing creator mode more so in minecraft for the end results of aesthetics or loved tekkit because of the layers of complexity from new blocks it added and how they worked together, and you can learn a 'new way of building' with some keys that almost seem to have purpose behind their strangeness after you remember/figure out why, then yes I do recommend this title to you, especially if you're a fan of naval combat.on the other hand if you're looking for some thing quick where the user simply plays the game more so then building ships in the ship / vehicle creator then you may not quite enjoy this title like I and others have,though like I've mentioned its vast armada of user created content avialable in the workshop allows you to download and plug into your campaign any vehicle of any purpose, refinary, rig, or what ever you might need at almost any time, but be weary you can't build GaryColeman68's USS Enterprise (with A-4, F-14, & AH-64) if you just start your campaign and have limited resources! So keep all that in mind, though at any time you could take said Enterprise into a combat simulator against JakeLongArm82's Space Drednaught (with submersive and sub-bay abilities) and see who's fleet 'keeps afloat', Both those examples of users content are totally made up, though lots of that stuff does exist.-------------Short & Sweet: It's a creative man's fleet builder and psuedo RTS, in no way is it a quick way to burn some time for fun though."
76561198113641661,Recommended,268650,15765019,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dante,"This game is incredible, EVERY ASPECT IS AMAZING!What else is there to say?EDIT: So, after looking back at this review, I think it needs a LITTLE more detail!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*Pros*-Amazingly fun-Thousands of hours of replayability-Tons of customization-Awesome community*Cons*-Learning curve is a PITA-Bit of a niche game-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Best review I can come up with atm, hungry and tired isn't a good combination!"
76561198063892139,Recommended,268650,20603543,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BiggersDickus,"You know a game is complex when a ""basic"" tutorial on youtube is 45 mins long10/10 would boat again"
,Recommended,268650,31399430,Posted: 27 April,all,Bandorthild,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. Definitely the best building game I have ever played. I have never felt more creative and gratified in my life. Just building in the designer alone is so much fun. I still haven't ever played the campaign and I have 200 hrs in this game, but from what I know about the campaign and have seen, the campaign is so awesome and I am excited to commission my fleet in Neter. I've spent about a month working and perfecting on one ship alone and man what a great feeling to see it in action. The game really isn't as complicated as it seems. It seemed too daunting to me back in 2015 and I ended up playing other games and didn't come back to this one till 2017, but this time I was determined to learn the game and I was shocked as to how easy actually was when I just sat down and did the tutorials and then just started building. Good job on the tutorials/manuals btw, Nick. They really made it simple."
,Recommended,268650,14285789,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,reconwarrior21,"I've played for a little over ten hours now, and it's still faily confusing. I can build small vessels, make custom (Somewhat working) cannons and gun batterys, but large ships, planes, spaceships, or heck, engines? Not a chance. If you don't mind a confusing start (Or i'm overlooking something) this game is great.Taking part in a massive fleet battle, with aircraft carrying out bombing runs on enemy ships, or defending your flagship from airborne threat. Submarines sneaking in to sink enemy command vessels, cruisers firing missiles at the enemy, small attack boats dodging in and out launching torpedos, high altitude bombers obliterating enem coastal gun positions. You take a look around as a ship slowly capsizes and begins to sink, or another plows into a smaller enemy ship, snapping it in half, and you can't help but be impressed. At it's best this  game is just incredible, plain and simple. The basic buidling is essentially easy, but getting the balance right, and the finer points, like weapons, propulsion, and control (Rigging the thing up to an AI system) is complicated at best.This is well worth the twenty dollars, even for an early access game. I have yet to find something that even comes close to this. If you don't really want to part with that much money for it though, pick it up on sale. This truely is a great game.The graphics are fairly decent, the underwater scene could use some help, it's very barren, but the gameplay compensates for this. Who has time for scenerey when your jet powered submarine plane is racing along at high speed.Bear in mind this game is EARLY ACCESS! As a result you will find bugs, problems, and other manner of in development game problems. But this game is coming along nicely, and I rarely encounter a bug. If you've got the money, and are a fan of naval combat pick up a copy (And one for a friend while you're at it.)"
76561197966988370,Recommended,268650,29200952,Posted: 12 January,all,Doc Holliday,"Great game.  In a way,  its a conglomerate of other physics/building games rolled into one.  Ships, Submarines, airplanes, jets, helicopters, airships, and even spacecraft,  if you can think it up,  it can be built here.  And this is far more detailed in terms of graphics and physics than those blocky/minecrafty games people compare this to.  FTD is more like Space Engineers on the ocean...But it isn't just a throw something together in 5 minutes and go battle like most others,  you'll spend countless hours designing ships, perfecting them, testing them, retrofitting them as you play through campaigns.Therefore,  it does have a somewhat steep learning curve.  Most of these bad reviews are from people who haven't played long enough to give a proper review,  or simply just don't have the patience for this game."
76561198007165194,Recommended,268650,11609196,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,[38NC.H]Patrick World-Star,"The Next Big Thing. Unless you are reading this some time after i wrote it, in that case, The Big Thing."
76561197977250966,Recommended,268650,23248370,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Rnev,"One week in and i just love this game.If you like to build stuff - this game is for you - powerful designer allows to build anything and design it to your liking. Ships, planes, spacecraft for sure but also the engines, weapons and AI can all be designed to fit any requirement.It takes a bit of time to learn but it's not overly complicated and it's a lot of fun.A real gem imo.Pros- Excellent (the best?) designer / builder.- Has depth but not overly complicated.- Build everything - not just vessels but also weapons, engines and AI.Cons- Hurts social human relataions - builder so addictive i played almost 50 hours in just over a week.- Non trivial learning curve (totally worth it though).- UI could be better organizedBottom line: totally worth every cent - even in alpha stage."
76561198142476794,Recommended,268650,24210101,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jeancly,"From the Depths is a game that allows you to really go with the immagination and actually build anything you want. So it is Minecraft you say. No, it is not, it is a game that instead of letting you build a static ship, or structure to admire let's you build a perfectly functional ship with cannons, missiles, lasers, torpedoes, AntiAir artillery, Laser missiles defence systems and tons of other weapons and defence systems. It is a game where you can truly go nuts with the building and create working replica on 1:1 scale of your favourite ships/planes/submarines/everything you imagine ( you can build also sky fortresses, buildings, underwaterbases). I really can do nothing more than tell you to buy this game as even if in development it is one of the game with more content i've ever seen, actually i've got soemthing like 650 hours in this game and i'm nowhere near tired of it. Just watch the constructions on the workshop to undestand the magnitude of the creation you can do, and as a conseguence the magnitude of the battles you can do betwen those creations !!"
,Recommended,268650,22698519,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,𝅳,"Very good gameplay, some buggy physics (to be expected from a game like this in alpha(suprisingly not too many bugs)), amazing weapons due to customisability, but you need a lot of spare time to do anything but build a basic boat.Pros:Amazing gameplay and weaponryCustomisabilityLarge mapCustomisable enemies and multiplayerCons:Takes agesSome physics issues, but they are rare and dont cause many problems.OtherAmusing AI"
,Recommended,268650,20364623,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Beastwolf1³✿,"Voxel Based Strategy ship building game.IT runs on my potatoe( Melting windows 8 toshiba laptop from 3 years ago)It has workshop support if you are too lazy to build original designs, or if you like showing off your 10 hour masterpiece of a ship.You can make flying stuffYou can make space stufYou can make float stuffIt has challenge modesIt has a customizable campaign experienceIT HAS MULTIPLAYER WITH ALL THE STUFF I JUST SAIDIf the game is never updated again from this point on , it has enough value to stand on it's own...now for modding support to be a thing."
,Recommended,268650,30382278,Posted: 7 March,all,Carnifice Internuntio,I played almost 100 hrs...I gave up half way trying to do an efficient energy weaponry based ship which end up being a gasolin draining monster(atleast it could obliterate most ships from far away).And the other half build sail boatsSummary:-I suck-The game is good
76561198124260145,Recommended,268650,17811155,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Ant the Gord,"I've watched hours of videos on how to play this game before I bought it so don't let the hours I have in it at the moment deceive you. So far this is the best game I've played in years, Honestly my entire life I've looked for a game with such an easily customizable AI system that's still super in-depth as this one.Don't get me wrong, however. This game is NOT easy. The controls aren't easy, the mechanics aren't easy, and even the battles aren't easy. This game is more than just a challenge for your reaction skills though. This game is a challenge for your brain. Coming up with new and innovative ways to use the mechanics to make amazing creations for either looks or potency is what is, has, and will always be what separates this game from the others. This game is Minecraft on steroids. If you enjoy being able to build legos with computers that you can program to do pretty much whatever you want, then this game is for you. I would highly recommend even though there is one glaring issue I will address down below.I'll cut the developer some slack and let any bugs slide for now since it is after all an alpha. The one thing I do have slight issue with however is the framerate. My pc is more than capable of running most games and in smaller engagements I lose slim to no fps. However in the larger battles and even the benchmark it goes and stays around 10-12 fps on the lowest settings. I sincerely hope the dev will have some sort of breakthrough in the code to get more performance out of the larger battles because that's the only thorn in the side of this game right now.Other than that, I would recommend this to only the more intelligent of my friends. Not to insult anyone's intelligence but unless you're smarter than the average gamer, this game will get on your nerves quickly with all of the mechanics it has available. It can easily overwhelm a newbie or a more casual gamer so take caution, this game is not for the faint of mind."
76561198200481813,Recommended,268650,31714239,Posted: 12 May,all,bobsponge14,"Great game, once you learn it, its amazing"
76561198044547290,Recommended,268650,16448605,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Woobiebear,"Do not be scared by the early access tag, the game is already easily  worth the price tag, and the developer is very active. This is an gem of a game. The building is fluid, and the amount of creations you can make are endless. Be it a barn, battleship, or a battle-balloon you can build it in this game.Construction is fluid (sim planes, tool bars, ect all ease building tremendously)Customization is endless, your not just designing the chassis or the guns here. Everything from the cannon barrels, to the hull, to the props is of your creation. There's even an editor if you tire of the stock campaign.The campaign is a unique feature all on its own. The ships you build in designer can be spawned in campaign for use there, where the game plays somewhat like an RTS.If your looking at buying this game, just take a moment to view the workshop. Alternativly you can join the TS3 channel IP: 85.236.105.19:11407 Password thisisgonnabeawesomeDISCLAIMER: While this is a voxel game, the learning curve is very steep. Although new tutorial are being made, I would STRONGLY suggest taking a look at the forums here:http://www.fromthedepthsgame.com/forum/index.php"
,Recommended,268650,25988540,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Funky Boy,"it's really good in a very kerbal kinda way!for starters i will say i dont think this game will ever be done, which will♥♥♥♥♥♥some people off but ya gotta understand what its going for. this game is basicly a sandbox wherein you build vehicls and mash them against other vehicles to see which one would win in  a fight. there really is no ""complete"" version of this game since it doesnt really have an end goalthe graphics are really sub par as well as about every singe art asset in the game from menus to blocks to textures so in that sense dont expect much but what it lacks in visual beauty it makes up for in sheer mechanical depth. the player can design not only the hulls of the ships but also every missile to bullet thats fired and even the weaponry themselves, adding extra barrels or autoloaders to custom cannons and extra missile/torpedos that are uinque to your ships.the player can also design custom AI scripts for combat and movement or specialised rotation blocks to build at odd angles, you can build gunships with AI designed to hover and circle around the enemy, you can build kamakaze vehicles to ram head first and decimate a target, you can build aircraft carriors with sub-vehicles like planes that take off from the runway, you can build working tanks, airships, spaceships and jets. the possibilities are endless!if you want to spend 30 hours not knowing what your doing but having as much fun as a kid with their legos, buy it. If your looking for a standerd minecraft style survival expiriance or a far cry esqe open world adventure then you might wanna try annother game ;3"
76561198007899438,Recommended,268650,13177340,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dictator Dan,"A block building game that feels nothing like Minecraft or any of its clones. You build ships, planes, submarines, or whatever else you can imagine, arm them like they are a SWAT team of Jayne Cobbs and let them free. If you want to go truly crazy you could make enough explosions that even Michael Bay would say it was a bit excessive. Would recommend to anyone who played with legos and always ended up building battlecruisers and dreadnaughts.Only feels like a (pre)alpha in the multiplayer, which is still very buggy, but its new and being improved."
76561198330086588,Recommended,268650,29739874,Posted: 6 February,all,Seryn Flame,"A friend of mine was demanding everybody play this and surprise sent some of us a copy even though we didn't care for the game (I was one of those people). At first I was like ""What....on.....earth?"" and started slapping together stuff, they looked silly, they weren't very effective, but they taught me, I'm still not a fantastic builder, but I can do some pretty nice Retrofits to existing things, I recently had a lone Tenryuu-Class in the Xmas Campaign (ik, not my ship) and ran into a fight I couldn't win, While getting missiles spammed out the wazoo at me I did some quick adjustments to get at least the guns able to point up at the flyer (It was a North Star) and then fixed up a Missile system, winning the battle, Taking the lessons from that battle I did a bunch of adding and removing of so many things as to which it is no longer a Tenryuu (not even the hull is the same!) kt is a completely different beast, the Mayor-Class (Named after a Friend) Light Torpedo Cruiser.Occassions like that are of which can give anybody looking at this game to give it a chance inspiration, you don't need to build a classic right off the bat, if need be retrofit an existing ship and learn how a superb ship is made. So give it a Whirl, and if need be, get a friend or community member to point you in the right Direction.From here on out I shall form the Cult of the RTGs."
76561198151830806,Recommended,268650,21495071,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Comrade Pingu,"awsome game but comlicated. At first, I thought that I had wasted my money because it was too hard. But I learned more and more about the game and now I love it. I highly recomend it for gamers who want a challange.EDIT:In the newer version with detectionsystems, the game really became hard and unplayable."
76561197984961936,Recommended,268650,21866078,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Renthrak,"As you can see, I have a good amount of time spent in this game. It's not every day that you can get that many hours of entertainment for the price of a large pizza. It's not even finished yet, and there is already plenty to enjoy.PROS:Extremely impressive for an alpha build, despite having a very small dev team.Very good community interaction.Virtually all aspects of the game under constant improvement.Already has a functional single player campaign and skirmish missions, dedicated build mode, and multiplayer cooperative construction.Mod support being implemented.Multiple custom campaigns made by the community.World creation with customizable gravity, air density, water buoyancy, space altitude, etc.All built-in vehicles and structures can be examined in build mode to see how they work.Active forum community willing and able to answer questions and help players.Developers active on forums.CONS:Not a finished game yet.Performance slowdowns in some situations.Many game systems still being adjusted, not fully balanced yet.Learning curve can be steep for beginners."
76561198038368921,Recommended,268650,19567969,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,jonniestretch,"Very fun to play and very creative, i would recommend this game to anybody who likes building things. It is also like a sandbox game. I would recommend 10/10 stars .etc"
,Recommended,268650,11651272,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Hemmingjay,"If we shall have a game that reaches the sort of omni-presence as Minecraft this decade, surely it will be From The Depths. If you are wondering if you should buy it, wonder no more. It has a learning curve but there is a good chance you know someone who has just gone through it or is looking for someone to learn with .Watch the videos if you want but be prepared to lose hours as I am sure you are going to get sucked in. It's similar to Space Engineers but it has a lot more structure and guidance. You have missions, skirmishes and campaigns. There is so much to do and it's still in Early Access.I usually take a strong stance against early access but this game is the exception to the rule. Buy it, you won't be sorry."
76561198071415534,Recommended,268650,12405357,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,AScaryDinosaur,"About:This game is a sandbox based around water and Aerial fights. Just for being in Pre-Alpha there is an insane amount of content in this, one of my favorite aspects is the custonizable weapons, (custom cannons and missiles). All you can do in this game so far is a few story missions and a campaign where you conquer the map while building better and better ships along the way. Infact, you dont have to build each ship block by block, you can make ships in the editor and save them, then make them in the campaign so long as you have resources for it.Creativity:This game relies heavily on your own creativity. The better you can imagine something, the better you can make it in-game. Not trying to turn people away here, because there is the workshop where you can look for inspiration for your own creations.Difficulty:This game can be very challenging when you first start as you can not just build a little raft with a cannon twice the size of the raft and expect it to float (it will sink like a rock, trust me i tried).once you get where you can build the bigger and better stuff later in campaign the bigger and better your ships can/have to be as the AI has better and better ships as you progress.Performance:I run an okay rig with about 6GB of ram and this game runs nicely, so long as you dont have anything open in the background. With me only having 6GB of RAM it takes almost all when you get into a battle with ships that fire ~4 shells a second. Other than that one small problem It runs nicely."
,Recommended,268650,26479792,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Sable Phoenix,"If you ever built tanks and planes and spaceships with your Legos when you were a kid and made them fight each other, boy have I got a game for you.First off, keep in mind that this game is in alpha, which means bugs happen, performance isn't the best, lots of stuff is placeholder and things change constantly.That being said, From The Depths already has more content and replayability than 90 percent of fully developed and released titles out there, including triple-A releases by big developers.  This game is under constant, aggressive development; gameplay systems, build components, and game balance are actively being added, expanded, and improved.  There's typically at least one game update a month, sometimes more, the lead developer is very accessible, and the dev team is largely drawn from the community and is highly active with updates and feedback on the game's website forums.That's great and all, but how does it play?  Frankly, I've never been a big fan of sandbox building games like Minecraft or KSP or Besiege, but From The Depths has sucked me in like no other game ever has.  The learning curve is steep, but once you've absorbed how components and systems work you'll find that you can build nearly anything you can imagine: ships, planes, helicopters, dirigibles, tanks, submarines, spaceships, satellites, hovercraft, drones, fortresses, buildings, even mechs (well, sort of, vehicles interact weirdly with solid ground and you can't really make functional legs).  Then, you can weaponize all these these vehicles, equip them with custom AI, and drop them into a real-time strategy campaign to test out against a huge variety of community-built enemy factions.  You can even make your own campaigns on your own planets.  There is literally no end to the gameplay From The Depths offers, and it's only becoming more detailed and interesting as development progresses.I've already sunk hundreds of hours into this game.  I can't recommend From The Depths highly enough.  It's the Lego set you always dreamed of having."
,Recommended,268650,30165422,Posted: 25 February,all,Snakehead1011,i have over 400 hours on this game and im still learningbrilliant gamewould reccomend to someone looking for a good game:)
,Recommended,268650,21661524,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,BIU,"好像不太有中国玩家玩这款游戏，但还是想分享一下自己的感受。首先这绝对是一个由纯理科生制作出来的游戏，美工和UI的水平和一般得到“特别好评”的独立游戏完全不在一个级别。交互的反人类（复杂的载具切换 武器系统很难展现出打击的快感 舰只与飞行器操作的不方便 复杂的建造系统 难看的UI等等）很明显的说名了这一点。可如果只是这样的话我也就不会在这推荐这款游戏了这本是我steam队列里的推荐，应该是给予我对沙盒游戏的爱好。From the Depths 是一直很想要的终极沙盒（当然你可以说还有 No Man's Sky，可惜人家现在还不支持多人，而且建造元素没有这么强），上天入地什么的毕竟是一个很吸引人的IP。整个游戏应该需要一个探索的过程，由于两个教学视频好像都在 U土鳖 上所以可以挂个VPN什么的看一下。包括对英语基础也会有一定的需求，毕竟菜单选项是密密麻麻的。OK以上是对玩家的建议------------------------------华丽丽的分界线-----------------------------For developersI strongly appraciate the core of this game. Its high felixability feature is the thing that most attracts me. But it is not perfect, not yet, at least.There are some minor problems that you guys could try to dealing with:1. User interface: The current UI is not quite friendly to be honest, the construction mode is to complicated and unconvinient for building such a large scale structure such as the bettle ship. Warping from one vehicle to another is not smooth enough. Also, the UI should looks better.2. Better art design required: The texture and the shapes of different component is not yet satisfying. Is that possible to add some better visual effects in later update?That's basicly all the information I want to imply. From the Depth is definitly a fantastic game and you are all doing a great job!"
,Recommended,268650,15085353,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Kaiser Supermelon,"From The Depths. It's a physics sandbox game that lets you build ships and aircraft from small blocks. At first, the game can be troubling to play for newbies. Once you get the hang of it, your mind can really spread. The potential of this game allows you to build the biggest battleships with the largest cannons, or you can keep it simple and make wooden cannon ships, and be inspired by the ships of the 1700's and 1800's.I've played this game long enough to know how mostly everything works. This game is very fun, especially when you're playing with your trusty friends. I give it a 9.41/10 overall."
76561198111499359,Recommended,268650,15295692,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rossil Fuel,"Wether you have 10 minutes or all day, From the depths really is the perfect game. Its a game that infuses logic and creativity in jolly cooperation. You build ships, subs, carriers, airships, sailships, Planes, fortifications, or just about any other thing you could possibly imagine!When i first seen the game, i thought it was just a Robocraft clone that costed money, I didnt realise just how wrong i was, it really is so much more...Worth every penny!"
76561198026801404,Recommended,268650,14785095,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,=Skleebz=,"I can't stop playing this game, i'm 100% addicted.Pros-Build your own Ship, Jet, Satelite, add guns, blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up!-epic fights, you can seriously just spend hours watching opposing forces blow eachother up- Huge Story mode with many different levels- Epic Campaign mode with 8 opposing factions and a gigantic map!- Multiplayer with 2 modes, Creative build and AI fightCons- One hell of a learning curve, can take hours to figure out (you can learn it in a day if you really tried though)- Empty multiplayer (only a few servers with 1-3 people on them- Incredibly Difficult storymode (no real direction to it and sometimes even the 1st mission is difficult)If you are a fan of building games, war games, RTS games, any combination of the 3, or enjoy games like RoboCraft, Minecraft, Starmade etc. Buy this, just do it, this is more fun than most triple A games these days!"
,Recommended,268650,15465112,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,jbstrex - ThePolishKing,"A voxel box based engine done right, with amazingly unique gameplay features that are fantastically in depth? Yes please! Developers that are interested in their games social value rather than exclusively their economical one? Yes please!"
,Recommended,268650,27748037,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dakka,"This is essentially the greatest engineering game ever made. You can build air, land, water, and space vehicles, and great care must be taken to ensure that your vehicle is up to the task of fighting and winning against other vehicles. To do this, it needs engine power to run everything on board, a method of propulsion, weapon systems, and even sophisticated AI cores and detection equipment so it can ""see"" the enemy to shoot at it.In short, if you like building stuff to roll/fly around but Besiege was too simple for you, give From The Depths a go. I highly recommend watching Robbaz's let's play series on it if you want to see some of the stuff you can do with it."
,Recommended,268650,29499798,Posted: 26 January,all,Grunty,!BE WARNED!This game takes the best part of a week to learn and it's very hard.You'll also need a pretty good CPU to have any chance of playing the game in real time.But once you get the hang on it it starts getting really fun.
76561198129245136,Recommended,268650,18731611,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,RandomNOOBY,"At first i though this was a game then i realised that its a clever way for some unkown party to have thousands of blueprints and novel ideas for weapons of mass destruction and future war machines, it is possible nick is an AI from the future and while we sit here designing awesome maga death, it is in fact the seeds of our own real world destruction we sow,randomnooby"
,Recommended,268650,34371563,Posted: 20 August,all,☆I fucc'd Serval :>,"One of a few sandbox games which actually not only requires creativity, but also thinking and planning."
76561198260226425,Recommended,268650,31828578,Posted: 18 May,all,EpicNipple ツ,"Build,Destroy,Get Destroyed,REBUILD!"
76561198014206954,Recommended,268650,22301414,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dapper Apples,"(This is an Early Access game, review written on 4/8/16)From the Depths is an engineering game where you construct naval ships, aircraft, subs, and structures to shoot at and conquer other ships, aircraft, subs, and structures.  This is done mostly in first-person although there are map overview RTS aspects as well.From the Depths has a lot of, well, depth to its building.  Every aspect of your air/water craft is constructed of essentially minecraft blocks.  Even fuctional aspects, like the engines or weaponry, are contructed of special blocks.  There are several weapon types to build, including two types of naval cannon, missiles and torpedoes, and even lasers, each with relative checks and balances.  There is a ton of customization when it comes to building your fleet, but there is also a big learning curve.  I feel this curve is not insurmountable though.There is a strategic campaign where you fight and defeat 8 unique factions for world domination or something.  The forces featured are largely designed by the community.  The campaign can be fairly challenging for a newer player, but it can get very unbalanced later on, as you get an over abundance of resources.While Early Access titles are typically very dubious in value, I find From the Depths trustworthy.  The dev is fairly active on the official forums, and often informs us on what he is working on.  I've owned this game for about six months, and multiple major updates with big features have been released.Overall, From the Depths is a complex but nonetheless fun and intriguing game in the build-stuff-out-of-blocks genre."
,Recommended,268650,34318660,Posted: 17 August,all,[ ❀ - Nepu - ❀ ],"I actually have 250+ hours. It's in the old account I lost.If you're willing to pass the high learning curve at the start of the game, definitely buy this game.Though the initial learning curve is steep, After that It's a walk in the park. It all depends on how good you are at building. Seeing your creations blow up things is satisfying as hell. The game is still constantly being updated balancing, and adding new weapons, blocks, etc. With the developer actively listening to the community, something you don't usually see, Shapes the game better for the majority of it's players. One of the best games I've played by how unique it is. 10/10"
,Recommended,268650,18783523,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Wuppet,"10 hours gameplay still no functional boats                                                                                                                                                                                                               7.8/10 IGN ""Too much water"""
,Recommended,268650,24150068,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Steezie,I cannot recomend this game enough to those who like other such engineering titles like robocraft or scrap mechanic.With weapon creation that is comparable to actual weapon engineering in depth and customizability and many different types of weapons to try. the game is updated every month with new weapons ships and armor types to equip your ships with meaning the face of war is constantly evolving. a huge open world map and 9 factions each with strengths and weaknesses allows you to use your ships and test them agains everything from lasers to particle cannons.overall the complexity of building and fantastic destruction engine makes this a very entertaining game and when you look at your boat covered with weapons and heavy armor and you know you constructed it you feel proud
,Recommended,268650,17481899,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Docdic,"while i am giving this game a thumbs up i was not exactly pleased with the game. i will start with the pros:pros:LOT of potential for this game♥♥♥♥ing awsome looking ship combatrather nice looking as well for a unity game:cons:pricetag of 20$lack of a good toturial (online ones are not a good idea, you need to have some in the game itself)not the most user friendly when starting out, and the hud is rather clutteredoverall i would recomend getting this game and let it sit on the backburner while the dev continuesly update it."
76561198031965890,Recommended,268650,11691174,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Hank Hill did nothing wrong,"This game is very fun. You can build spaceships,helicopters, zeplins, battleships,submarines,Jet fighters,and jet bombers. The Dev is very friendly he works hard on making lots of updates. The Dev says he will also add land based vechiles and will add more land in the biomes at some point. Also the dev promissed graphics improvements.This is a great early access game, You are missing out if you don't have this game.don't get this game is you are expecting very simple building mechanics and controls. This isn't some souless fps game where you are instanly familiar with the controls. It takes some time to get used to, after you learn how to build stuff right and the controls which should take a brief while you will love this game.overall 10/10"
76561198150177583,Recommended,268650,33302478,Posted: 5 July,all,Grizzly47,"Pretty Good Game in my opinion,just need  more update for now.overall its a good game."
,Recommended,268650,12706706,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Leyline,"Game:Build your own units block by block, customize their weapons, create fleets, romp around the map and kill other custom ships. Cannons, lasers, missiles, mines, torpedoes, missiles that turn into torpedos or mines, big warheads, small warheads, lots of warheads, guided, shrapnel, unguided...Have fun watching your custom build ship or jet or spaceship or sattelite or weird ballon-laser-missile battery munch through their targets, weep as you recognize critical flaws in your desings as they crumble and get destroyed. Watch your first iron hulled ship drop right down to the ocean floor, be happy when your first iron hulled jet-rockethelicopter thing takes to the skies, immediately fails to shoot someone but still wins because it hit and killed the enemy when it crashed down to earth after getting shot....From the depths is great fun, its a strategy game where you build your own units, block by block and then conquer the map with them. Look at the workshop to see what we predictable lot have already build.Game state:No severe crashbugs or gamebreaking gamebugs in the gameworld have been observed by me in my time of playing, which began at around mid september.I rate the game as stable and the gamepaly is already functional (construct your ships, build them  in campaign, wipe the map clean of filth colored differently than you.).Dev:The Developer has no negative trackrecord to my knowledge, the game is getting updates.Dev is active in both the steam forum as well as his own.I sincerely recommend this game."
,Recommended,268650,17621882,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Eclipse,>Built an enormous battleship>Tested it against a few atlases>Wondered why it wouldnt fire>Atlases take out ai and ammo>Ship is destroyed>Forgot to save ship>later found out ai was off the whole time>UninstallNext day:>Reinstall because is bored>Starts campaign>Builds a tiny wooden boat with a huge cannon>Runs out of spare parts>Decides to engage enemy anyway>Vangaurd retrofit+2 hoplites destroy boat>Forgot to save campain before battleIm typing this from my friends laptop because my desktop is temporarily 'out of service'0/-10 Not as good as bad rats.
76561198035418464,Recommended,268650,31552145,Posted: 4 May,all,☣Lorenzo☣,Great game.PROS:VoxelFree designMultiple vehicle typesFight with your fleetMyriad of weaponsPhysicsRealism (to a quite decent extent)MultiplayMultiplay campaignCONS:Starting up the game CAN take a bitMultiplayer has a few buggy spots
,Recommended,268650,17229465,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Black Hat,"From the dephs is the Best singleplayer/online building game i have ever played 10/10*make custom weapons such as rockets,cannons,and guns*make and fight your own vehicles*build a defense and defend from other players or from challenging AIi hope they make more games just LIKE THIS!P.S needs a little more vehicles such as land :)"
,Recommended,268650,17420387,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Fletch,"There is so much to this game already is as fascinating to watch the Let's Play series on youtube as it is to play. The creative potential in this game is amazing, really humbling to see what other people have come up with. Controls take a while to figure out and putting together components such as cannons and engines can be tricky but rewarding at the same time, especially when your creations are battle tested in the campaign. The campaign is like no other I have seen. It is almost as if the designer kept saying ""wouldn't it be cool if......"" and then went ahead and built in each idea as it came into their head. This game is already brilliant and will only get better."
,Recommended,268650,27908640,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,snekjek,"This game is absolutely fantastic down to the very last detail. You can buil ships, planes, supmarines, airships, tanks, cars, jets, heat seeking thermobaric nuclear missles, and fluing shark to shoots super-charged particles out of it's moutch, a underwater turbo ram, or a massive space station railgun. The possibilites are endless.The game has AI, detection, customizable cannons, different materials, physics, factions, 4 campaigns, crap tons of mods, shields, missles, and a lot more. The only thing to get past is the complexity, it took me a long time but I understand it all.Luckily, there are tutorials now, so its easy.VERDICT OF GAME:PROS:-Fun as heck yo.-Super customizable.-Tons of campaigns.-Mod support.-Multiplayer ( A little finnicky )-Decent graphics.-EXPLOSIONS! - Mr. Torgue-Customizable shells, missles, and cannons.-Density, volume, weight, bouyancy, physics.-Create a gun with so much force it can vaporize 45 square kilometers.-Nice building controls.-Sick looking faction ships.-LASERS! (pew pew)- AND WAYYYY MORE.CONS:-Still in Early Access, so it can crash.-Complicated start.-The fact you haven't bought it yet, you silly goose."
76561198294884052,Recommended,268650,35028164,Posted: 17 September,all,Soggeymilk456,"As with everybody else on this list here, it's a very steep learning curve but once you've learned a bit you can get pretty inventive with your creations, single gun all the way up to a 10 Barrel main battery battleship guns. Needless to say, get it"
,Recommended,268650,31597740,Posted: 6 May,all,"Solaire, Lord of Sunlight","This game is absolutely wonderful and well done. It is a voxel based ship/vehicle combat simulator. However, the campaign is what takes up most of my time as the author of this game singlehandedly built over 400 individual ship designs that over 6 factions actively use to kill you. I myself am a humble builder preferring a couple smaller effective airships or boats, but the limits in this game are astounding and the author plans to continually update this game even though he is working on a successor to this with an actual game company so support for this game will not stop.The community on reddit steam and elsewhere is very friendly and helpful and the game has a rudimentary multiplayer support for the campaign with no game breaking bugs. This game is hard to pick up at first I would 100% recommend turning the diffculty to easy and basicallly make yourself next to invincible while you pick apart enemy ship designs to learn their building designs and weaknesses.Even with the incredibly friendly and in-depth tutorial you will still have some issues fighting the campaign ships on normal difficulty(they are really well done).A con is a memory leak issue that happens if the game is open for hours at a time. Causes the game to stutter at 3 hours. He is working on a fix in the next update after his hiatus from this game( approximately 2 months away).perhaps another would be that the ships the creator designed are really god damn good. You need to cater your ships to their weaknesses but in all fairness this is a positive to me.The game has a somewhat realistic fuel efficiency and ballistic damage with different shell types, barrels, gun velocities. There is even a IAMS defense system as well as an offensive laser/railgun. All somewhat realistically modeled.  The biggest ship in the game is the Meteor and probably one of the hardest designs to fight one ship vs one ship. in game i belive it is 50000 m3. Its a flying saucer with an array of missiles and a giant laser that cut my flagship in half.) The ship is completely controlled with ingame modules however, you can use lua scripting to get a more precise control (I only use LUA for hover ships as it keeps them at a nice altitude while programming a couple purposeful kinks to dodge bullets. I can program LUA, but i found a design online that was much more well put together so i copied it.)You can be as hardcore as you want but sometimes cruising through on easy trying to beat the game with only 1 ship is somewhat casual fun."
76561197973546137,Recommended,268650,20267768,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Telcontar,"If you have an engineering bent, you're going to love this game. Lots of games let you design ships, but this one also has you designing the weapons systems, engines, defenses, etc ad infinitum on those ships. Also, the ships can be your average floating vessel, hovercraft, planes, subs... options galore."
76561198315328566,Recommended,268650,28926971,Posted: 1 January,all,Tricks,"If you like sandbox, management, technical, and complex games that you're willing to pour hours into. This is the game for you, and I just don't know how to express the love I have for this game. Don't get me wrong, it is hard, especially at first, but the community is great and loves to teach."
76561198144434131,Recommended,268650,26023710,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mattyboy0066,"An absolutely amazing game, which is continually being updated and includes hundreds of hours of gameplay in early access. It even includes a way to easily post your own vehicle creations easily to the workshop. Stick through the first few hours as you learn how to play and it is SO worth it. I highly reccomend the tutorial... unless you enjoy rage quiting; lol. This game deserves all of the good rep and attention it's getting because you can tell the developers actually care about it and are constantly updating and improving upon ""From The Depths"". Worth the price, I reccomend 100/10 (yes 100), all-time favorite game."
76561198077194556,Recommended,268650,23355720,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,jspoo,"Best game I've ever played. From the Depths is the ultimate building game, letting you fully create anything you want, from battleships and sailboats to submarines, mechs, tanks, blimps, airplanes, and even spaceships! Don't even get me STARTED with the weapons! This game is very difficult, as it is an uber-complex game where you even have to construct your own engines, one of the earliest hurdles for newer players. Overall, I would conclude that this game is an amazing masterpiece, and the ultimate creating tool to ever hit the STEAM workshop!"
76561198271939335,Recommended,268650,34711370,Posted: 3 September,all,matthiasklein03,"i have 350hrs on this game while writing,i can say one thing,FIRE BALL!props to developrers for new effects"
76561198029315521,Recommended,268650,18411864,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Battle Cast Prime Bro'gath,"I honestly have to say.Like Minecrafft? Always wanted your boat to have guns? Wanted guns in Minecraft? This game is for you.Pros- This game is absolutely amazing, the amount fo customization for Early Access imrepssed me and hooked me, and the water and ship graphics are very pretty- You ""feel"" the power in your weapons when the destroy an enemy ship or aircraft.-The single player campaign is very fun, you get to take on  diverse factions. I've spent about 60 hours in one and finally took out the first one.- The AI layouts and LUA scripting do a good portion of the work for you in many aspects once you get them down. ( Isn't smart enough for LUA scripting, so that's still getting figured out. )- The guns? The ""cannons""? You have your way with them and you can create an EIGHT BARREL CANNON, and just obliterate enemies with those.- The missles are hugely customizable, just add lots of missle blocks and you got some serious firepower there.- The engines, while complex, 'sound' like they give you lots of power. You'll get the hang of it quickly, take a look at the example in the Prefab section, and you got it.- Haven't even ""touched"" the multiplayer, but I've heard nothign but good things, while buggy, works fine and there's CO-OP. WHO DOESN'T LIIKE CO-OP DESTRUCTION? (This is Early Access, so of course it's gonna have bugs, so duuuuuh.)Cons- It's early access. This is an Early Access game. This is buggy, it's getting worked on. Don't like it? Go blow up stuff in another game.- It does slow down when you have lots of blocks, so you'll need a decent computer.- Does tend to crash a lot. ( IT'S EARLY ACCESS, THIS IS NOT SURPRISING )- Does tend to freeze here and there when loading a crap ton of blocks. ( Like my massive warship of over 30,000 blocks and it's 5 fighter jets of about 15,000 blocks altogether, but again, this is probably gonna get fixed. )ConclusionThat's pretty much it. This game is amazing, I bought it a couple weeks ago and already have about 100 hours into it. it 'is' absolutely worth the 20 bucks if you want a complex, gun-toting, seafaring, explosive, ""massive"" minecraft from AWESOMEVILLE. ?While it has it's faults, you'll see from my comparisons, they are vastly outweighed by what it has to offer. Take some time to look at the controls, the tutorials -totally didn't do this part, but I had lots of fun figuring it out on my own-, and get to builidng your ships, yours gun, and claim those resource points!"
76561198014950733,Recommended,268650,13382925,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,MrFusion,"Awesome already, and still more to come.The developer is also very active on his forum and takes the player input to heart."
76561198170003093,Recommended,268650,31186241,Posted: 16 April,all,benzo7,You can build crap with guns to destroy stuffThe guns you can build can be up to more than 2x the size of the gustav/dora gunstanksshipsplaneshovercraftssubmarinestorpedosmissilessattelites9/10 would learn the huge learning curve again
,Recommended,268650,17686651,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Pomegranate,"It's fun. Build ships and planes and air fortresses, and water fortresses, and three gun battle-submarines, and huge the-entire-ship-is-a-giant-♥♥♥♥ing-barrel-of-on-huge-mother♥♥♥♥ing-cannon airships, and giant laser-shooting space platforms, and two kilometer long battle-gods, and things that would make Ares cry tears of joy and laughter (and incidentally you as well) and make Hades feel crowded. It's fun. Buy game."
,Recommended,268650,17370210,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,hi ho he,"This game Is unbelievably complex and  fun. I take hours just building and fine tuning my constructions and then go to war with them. Not only can you build Ships, but also planes subs and fortresses. Going to battle is awesome as constructions are blasted apart and guns fire constantly. The AI system lets you control a whole fleet of ships.The campaign might be a little tough but once you learn things get easier."
76561198097156192,Recommended,268650,25004348,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,squidcat529,This game is worth the $20.My general rule of thumb is that I should want to play the game for at least as many hours as it costs in dollars. This is well worth the money to me because i love big boats with guns.
,Recommended,268650,33650491,Posted: 19 July,all,CaptainCapsize,"This game is so awesome, the details, the physics, and even the graphics are very well-made, I wouldn,'t change a thing to anything, except gravity, the way drag works is awesome but planes just floet down when not moving, but apart from that it is the best game i've ever played"
,Recommended,268650,22347141,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Nocktowl,"From the Depths is a game I could probably play forever, its a constant cycle of learning, frustration, completeion, horrible depression when you accidentialy delete the one block keeping your ship that you spent 3 hours building together, and then running back to the vehicle desginer when you find out the hard way you were not ready for the Grey Talons. Incredible game, but it's learning curve is a 90 degree angle. Worth more than i bought it for."
76561198137458697,Recommended,268650,21627750,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ajhodd,A voxel engine RTS with elements of RPG done in first person wraped in what is likely the best ocean and sky physics engine in the industry. After spending hours of fun building ships and airplanes and maby even a few space vessel's includeing your own weapons and missile's down to the ammo they shoot and configuring you ai(or driveing it manualy) to fight the way you whant you will enter the campaign to see how they work only to find that not only is the campaign a massive and evolving battle but that you will have a lot to learn along the way.After playing a little over 400 hours the building procces still hasent goten tireing or boring and (probably because building is so fun) i still have yet to get even to endgame in the campaign.With a very responsive and efficient dev(team now) i hope to spend many more hours playing this game as possibly the last rts ill ever need(dont NEED vr rts's but that dosent mean i wont try them when they come around :P)
76561198035021970,Recommended,268650,13328710,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ChainGun Butch,"This game is without a doubt amazing! It has a very unique feel to it and the customization is done just right. you are able to customize EVERYTHING but you won't need to micro manage if you don't want to. The developer seems to be a very good guy who cares deeply for his work, and rightly so! even this early on, I call it a masterpiece as it is.There's just a certain freedom in this game that I wish bigger name developers would learn to incorporate. I really don't have any significant problems with this game. The only thing that i could possibly consider a downside is that the ai of my boats is a tad bit clunky but I'm sure the ai will be improved soon, the updates have been regular and the developer has been very dedicated from what i've seen.I would say this game is easily worth the money, good on you Brilliant Skies!"
,Recommended,268650,33795091,Posted: 25 July,all,Allegedly Nerdy,"This is my third most played game at the time of this review.From the Depths is my favorite game, conceptually. However, until this most recent update I did not feel I could recommend it in good faith because it was...not well optimized. The game lagged a lot, and had some stability issues. However, with this new update, the game runs very well, and only the largest of battles, often twice the size of the maximum battlesize before the update, cause lag. I have yet to have a crash in this update as well.As far as the game itself:While rather easy to learn the basics, it is incredibly difficult to master. This can be a source of frustration for some, I am sure. However, when it comes to a real time strategy that you can also control individual units which you designed and built, it is without equal (possibly because it is the only game that fits into that category, but it is still impressive). The game is amazing, and the graphics are far better than those you see in the now outdated images and videos they have on the page, so don't let that scare you off.I could not recommend this game more."
76561197972703997,Recommended,268650,16412560,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TrollofReason,"I'm bit ambivalent about this game, to be honest. It's hard not to reccomend with a fully realized resource system, single-player campaign, regular updates, and a truly bewildering array of components that puts Space Engineers to shame. That said, it's also hard to reccomend this game, at least solidly, due to the many technical limitations.Don't get me wrong, I'm aware that it's incomplete and that work hasn't been finished and that, given the track record so far coupled with my own personal (if limited) interactions with the developer, it's very likely that this WILL see a final release. That said, you can'y play it right on anything beyond a dedicated gaming rig. The preveiws would have you believe that it's a game that's filled with epic clashed on the sea, in the sky, and among the heavens beyond... AND IT IS! But... they can only be realized by machines that can handle that sort of thing, and since (as of yet) the game still runs on 32-bit, so no one on a moderately powerful lappy willl likely ever see them.However! For those with machines that can run this game without slow-down or imcomplete fleet pop-in? It's a fantastic experience. Skies choked with missiles, the sea churning with explosions, blocks flying in every direction, lasers burning through armor, shields deflecting exploding shells. Guns, lasers, missiles, torpedoes, mines, aircraft, ballooncraft, ships of every description, AND WOODEN SPACE SHIPS! Incredible battles with meticulously crafted vehicles, where unprecedented customization finally passes the barrier of mere ""customization in games"" and actually becomes ENGINEERING.So, I have trouble recommending this game because not everyone can enjoy it as it should be enjoyed. But for those who can... get it. Get it now. WHY AREN'T YOU GETTING IT YET?!"
76561198219452815,Recommended,268650,35117923,Posted: 21 September,all,Last Shadow,"A great sandbox war game in which you can build amazingly powerful and cool looking things ((i.e. APPLETREE)if you are good enough though unlike me lol). I may have 500+ hours of play time but i still cant build anything very large. Mosly because of the limitations of my potato XD. Also how do people make hovers so stable?!?!? Also if you havent seen any recent gameplay the video above is over a year old so some things are different.This was the game i was looking before which had both building and combat using your creations. It also has a lot of customization that allows you to make all sorts of abominations. You can build any creation for a specific niche like tanky ships, quick fragile planes or even a gigantic satillite with an incredibly powerful laser with a Khorne simbol on top (if you're willing to pour hours into creating). Seeing my creations function the way I want it can feel so satisfying. It's also cool that you can capture enemy ships and make tham yours and even build apon them. There's also co-op!Here are some downside though. For starters it is a quite complex game so building like a master may take some time. Also this game is not really for lower end computers like mine but if you are willing to put up with the lag then go ahead. Huh... I dont have any other bad thing to put down. Oh wait, building at least decent crafts can take a while to build to build meaning building a massive juggernaught (only in the regular Neter Campaign)requires your whole weekind or more. but seeing your craft function properly can feel so rewarding especially when it stomps on your enemies.I recommend it to those who love building with a lot of custimization and time on their hands. As well as not rage quiting when your craft doesnt work right or gets hammered by the enemy."
76561198116842503,Recommended,268650,22590856,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Definate20XVI,Best. Game. Ever
76561198021180266,Recommended,268650,17501680,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,ScruffyNZ,"yes yes yes, get it goddammit"
76561197970715347,Recommended,268650,28988264,Posted: 3 January,all,Bodman,"I spent 160 hours in the vehicle builder designing ships before I even dared try out the campaign. It might be rough around the edges but the amount of depth (some pun intended) in the game is amazing for it's price. And there's still much more for me to discover with air and space vehicles, the land campaign and the occasional special event. Well worth considering if you like the idea of making your own fighting vehicles, it'll suck up your time but you won't regret it."
76561198166577402,Recommended,268650,33197623,Posted: 3 July,all,theflub,"When I was young I really loved LEGOs. I would set up massive, chaotic battlefields filled with every type of tank or minifig I could get my hands on. what appealed to me was building something with massive capability to destroy in any style I imagined.  massive floating tank? sure, why not. ufo with huge laser guns? go nuts. giant battleship that could fly? go right ahead.for several years I searched for a game with these traits, allowing me to create ways new and better ways to destroy. I found things that temporarilly occupied me, like robocraft, but they would get boring or the devs would ruin them (yes, that was a shot at robocraft.) but then I found from the depths.this game is FANTASTIC. you can build pretty much anything with enough time and practice. massive floating tank? sure, why not. ufo with huge laser guns? go nuts. giant battleship that could fly? go right ahead. there is a MASSIVE inventory of different components to choose from and a multitude of playstyles. One of the few problems this game faces is the learning curve, and it is quite steep.  if you do choose to get it (GET IT, YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO) actually do the tutorials, steal and reverse engineer enemy ships, and feel free to go the the forum or subreddit and ask for advice.while browsing the reviews, you will see one of the marks that tells you FTD is a quality game. a great deal of people that give this game a bad review give no other reason than ""it is too hard"". I'm not sure if this is a selling point for you, but when it is difficult enough to weed out the annoying twelve year olds that seem to take immense pleasure in shrieking into their microphones, I try it out."
76561198150559129,Recommended,268650,15120182,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,HighFivingBears,"Crazy physics wise,awesome game. Was playing multiplayer and a guy flipped a giant cruiser,over an island longways. I might add that this cruiser was near 120 blocks long,so if you like things like that,get FTD,AND DO THE TUTORIALS!!!!!!!PS:DO TUTORIALSPPS:DO EVEN MORE TUTORIALS"
,Recommended,268650,13185268,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,el Boydo,"This game is easily one of my favorite games right now, the amount of freedom in building ships is great and the feeling of success from one of my builds not sinking instantly is even better. The campaign recently got overhauled and so far has been brilliant fun.For anybody who likes your space engineers, robocraft or any other vehicle based block building game you will love this, there is a great amount of depth in every build with fully custom engines and cannons to great designs aesthetically. Hopefully with the cannon overhaul it will get even better!"
,Recommended,268650,34087919,Posted: 7 August,all,Hunter404,Love it.
76561197977604002,Recommended,268650,20025807,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SrG#DoDProffitt,"Spent an hour figuring out how to build a working engine for my boat.  Made a massive engine that was way overpowered but only added a few tiny propellers that did not let me go very fast.  Added two ""large"" propellers and the second test launched my ship into the sky with an epic backflip.  11/10 would build again."
,Recommended,268650,18213990,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,CthePlebarific,"Great game, much fun"
76561198053736893,Recommended,268650,13619236,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sarkani,Your gaming hardware must be powerful to run this game enjoyably
,Recommended,268650,18671250,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Illeru,"Score now: 9/10  Potential score: 10/10Best early access I have ever encountered. Ever. I write this as my first decent attempt at a campaign fortress is slowly being ripped appart by the AI after disabling my weapons systems. I'm not even angry - just impressed that there is so much depth in this sandbox/strategy/vehicle builder game. Block by block construction is both simple and leads to intricate detail possibilities for construction. I agree with other reviews - research & planning is essential for this game if you want to enjoy it - and ends up being part of the fun.There are numerous strategies that can be employed for the fleet & ship based fights - naval & air vehicles need to be allow for in this game. It lends itself toward letting the AI do everything in controlling ships/weapons however it is possible for the player to use both. I haven't tested out the fleet systems properly yet but going by the AI it looks to work fantastic - seriously the AI kicked my where it hurts with a pincer movement - then from above- seriously who attacks you from directly above????Any lack of documentation is made up for by an incredibly supportive and involved community - the developer has obviously gone to much lengths to ensure that all learning styles are accounted for.Replayability:*If you are like me and love tweaking those designs just that *little bit more* and getting satisfaction from a good system, I can see it proving hours and hours of additional time.*The current campaign is great for getting a feel for construction techniques and tactics to use in your own creations*Not really a story based game - but why would you think that is what you are playing forPros*Lasers*Really, really big guns*Customisable missile systems*Smart/programable systems - seriously takes hours just to scratch the surface.*Amazing tactical/strategic possibilities - I have not seen a game I would rate higher in this regard (I would love to see some tutorials on the map systems & maybe some more depth on campaign for this reason)*Very customisable interfaceCons:*Steep learning curve*Requires a level of sophisication & engineering mindset to truly appreciate it. (Think minecraft bashing creeps with a sword to using automated traps to farm them) Not truly a con but may be a consideration for gifting.*Some of the interfaces such as battle seem buggy (the intent is well documented but can be confusing when starting up)**Very customisable interface - makes it difficult to remember what key map to press for certain situations (take this as an advisement if considering how much time you want to invest rather than a con.Well recommended and cannot see what comes next as it develops. I only hope that the community gets behind it and allows it to continue to develop to its amazing potential."
76561198083135283,Recommended,268650,18665250,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Rommel,"Good fun, It's so much fun to build battleships and bombers with the Cumbrian flag flying high"
,Recommended,268650,20257370,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AngryDonkey123,"It is an excellent game, and one I have played to death - yet I feel I am only just starting to explore some of the truly nuanced features about the game. It clearly has a lot of room left to grow, but with a clearly active developer, and with new developments coming left, right and centre - it is going to only keep moving up from excellent"
76561198054191581,Recommended,268650,16323074,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Madwand,"Amazing game. Only get into this game if you love a deep game with a lot to learn and a steep learning curve. You will need to do your homework, read the forums, watch Youtube let's plays etc. to get the most out of this game. If you like engineering and building vehicles though, it is incredible fun. If you like modded Minecraft, Space Engineers, and Robocraft, this game is similar to those in some ways."
76561198004149303,Recommended,268650,31225389,Posted: 18 April,all,e90,"Love this game.Great scopeGreat engineCould do with more help on building (even with 118 hours I still get thigns wrong, cannons etc)"
,Recommended,268650,20305756,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Hypersycos,"Have you ever heard of learning curves? Yeah, this has a learning wall.It's an incredibly hard game to get your head around. I strongly recommend watching an LP or lots of YT tutorials(TheBudkai's was good for me, although S1 will be very outdated now) if you want to play it.Once you understand this game, it's amazing. Gameplay is very rewarding, especially watching your designs destroy (or get destroyed by) your enemies' designs. Building vehicles, their defenses, their propulsion, their weapons, is extremely in-depth.You need a pretty beefy computer to get into the late-game main campaign or large vehicles, however there is a smaller campaign being worked on and the game runs perfectly fine with small vessels.The dev team are incredibly active, and clearly have an idea how the game will pan out.Honestly, the biggest con is that you'll probably end up on the NSA's watchlist for googling so much about military weaponry."
76561198145383828,Recommended,268650,24862241,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,OG LeBombSquad,DANK. I wouldnt have played 850 hours in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. :D
,Recommended,268650,25006869,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,linuxpunk,"Great military voxel builderMore than a ""game"", this is a lego box for building military vehicles, from ships and submarines to planes and spaceships. The game is very deep and based on more or less realistic engeering of sorts, for example, engines and weapons systems are multi part set-ups with varying complexity.Not that the game lacks ""action"" at all, but you'll probably be disappointed if you expect a fast FPS like gameplay. There's a lot of combat, and you control your vehicle and weapons systems, but it's not about rapid reflexes aiming, it's more about the load out you have and how you use it.The game is still in Early Access, but there's constant updates.Be warned, there's a steep learning curve, and this plays more like a 3D modelling software than like minecraft.I appreciate the linux support."
76561198018195287,Recommended,268650,25929941,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kiwipie,"(Game is still in ALPHA. So, many things I dislike are most likely to be changed or be fixed)TL;DR- This game is the best game I have ever plated, and I have played A LOT. This game is ideal for all who seek an origional sandbox or construction game, and caters to the imaginations of the engineering-minded.  I give it my highest recommendation.This game....At first it is, honestly, kinda bad;-It has an extremely steep learning curve, perhaps the steepest I have ever seen in ANY game. It took me around 2 days to learn the very basics, although to be fair there are a lot more online and in-game tutorials now than when I started playing.-The game is visually not altogether that impressive.-The game is extremely cpu intensive, and runs on a single core, meaning slower PCs will suffer, especially when there are lots of craft spawned, or lost of shells and missiles flying.That being said, this game quickly became my favourite game of all time, catering to exactly what I want in a game: A vehicle based sandbox construction and combat game with block destruction, in which near enough every aspect of what you might want to build is customisable.If you can get past the initial learning curve (which is long and steep, but not tedious), you will be greeted by an absolute gem of a game supported by a single developer (Nick) whom is perhaps one of the best game developers I have ever encountered; He listens to the community like no other, and even adds user design submissions to the base game's campaign. Speaking of which, the game features an ever-increasing number of campaigns, varying in length and difficulty. The first campaign (in my opinion, the best) features you, the player, trying to conquer the games fictional planet of Neter. In which, you'll face numerous ofher factions on a large map, with enemies varying from tanks to ships to planes to submarines, and even spacecraft, all of whih hwere designed by the community.The building/ designing aspects of the game realy are nailed. Construction, once you know the system, is quick and easy, and has few limitations. The sheer number of blocks to choose from in the build menu is also astounding, with both more available on the workshop, and more planned for future updates.The multiplayer aspect of the game is also excellent fun, having seen a bit of tlc recently, bringing greater stability, and better support for more players. In multiplayer, you can pretty much do anything you could in singleplayer, including building/ designing craft, playing through any of the campaigns, using mods, and several of ter gamemodes.There are a few additions and changes I would like to ee implemented into the game, although I'm sure these will arrive at some point in the form of a mod or an update anyway:-AI; While the AI has seen some improvements, there are a few errors and bugs here and there that still need ironing out.-More blocks, namely 8m blocks (beams, slopes, or otherwise): there are several situations where I have felt that an 8m block would be welcome, such as when blending a curve to a straight line, i.e at the bow of a ship. Also, larger or customisable propellers: the game currently features 1x1 and 3x3 propeller blocks, but they are either out of place or simply inadequate on many sedigns.In conclusion, Fron the Depths is a fantastic game with it's  foundations solid enough for it to become even better with time. If you're looking for a game that's very origional in it's design and how it plays, or are simply a fan of sandbox games or games where you like to blow stuff up, I cannot recommend this game enough, especially considering the price... If I had to score it, i'd give it about a 9/10, due to, mainly, bugs.P.S. If anyone gets past the tutorials and still doesnt have a clue, just pm me and i'll try and help you... After all, the community is part of the fun of this game."
76561198308246981,Recommended,268650,33634578,Posted: 18 July,all,keltmc212,"I would have paid $60 for this game. The game has very good AI and a good ship building tutorial. Their is alot of tutorials, so you can never be wrong. The game has minor bugs but that is to be expected for a game. The game should get a award for how fun and long the game is. The workshop always has new things. Thank you developers and everyone who helped make this game. Lately my save game has been lossing my saves, so now I am sad because my 5 hour save would load and says that it is corrupt so that happens but the game is fun."
,Recommended,268650,18843362,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Shagginator,"For a game still grounded in its development, I find it to be highly addictive and fun, though somewhat frustrating, but that said, frustration is all part of a game.The total creative freedom you have with the designer for the story mode and campaign is refreshing, but the modular aspects of putting your vehicle together can be daunting and requires sitting down and really tinkering around to find the right balance of armour, weaponry and other abilities. It is not just a pick up and play sort of game.There are negatives naturally, the story mode isn't much good and with the game constantly being updated/developed, it does have stability issues. Nothing that wont be fixed in due course naturally.In conclusion for this short review, I rate it 4 stars out of five, a great game to lose yourself in for a couple of hours."
76561198005144609,Recommended,268650,22588177,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,11B,"This is probably in my top five games of all time.  This game ate my 2015.  I probably spend 95% of my time in the vehicle designer just making new things.. and things is the best word i can use to describe them.  Such variety, I have made submarines that lift out of the water and zoom into space.  Tanks that crawl on the ocean floor. Speedboats, Jet boats, Resupply boats, Cargo Boats, Anti-air boats, Missile boats, Torpedo boats, Laser boats, Fan boats, Sail boats, normal boats and all of them in various sizes and lethalities.  Fighters, Intercerptors, Airships with balloons, Thrustercraft, hovercraft, spacecraft, Surface Attack Aircraft, Torpedo Bombers, Cram Bombers and Regular bombers.The point is..  if you want to build it, weaponize it and use it..  whatever 'it' may be.. then this is the game for you!WAY WORTH IT!"
,Recommended,268650,35443060,Posted: 3 October,all,Dysthymaeon,Its like Minecraft but actually fun
76561198041766760,Recommended,268650,19667149,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Coldest Elm,"Strike a balance between functionality, aesthetics, and cost. After that, you're ready to take over the world."
76561198058110774,Recommended,268650,16070684,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ArmouredSandbox,"This is my story of this game so far. I've owned the game for a very long time but never bothered to play the campaign since it confused me at the time. Well, i started playing it recently and know how to work most of the HUD in the campaign. this is my story of my struggle against the deep water guard.I started off int he starting base doing the usual. Making the crappy engine much more efficient, armoring up the supply room, etc etc. well i decided to take my huskie ( my fast scouting ship ) out to find some deep water guard. i unfortunately  ran into their main force near the resource zone and tried to retreat. I failed and my huskie was a goner. i knew they would send that force to me so i build a rocket launcher that held 8 laser guided rockets and waited. Thankfully they only sent one plane and my rockets quickly dealt with it. I had more confidence and decided to build a semi expensive ( crystal wise) ship that i knew would help. I eventually built up a 6 ship fleet and decided to bring the fight to them. Short story short, i got slaughtered. i only had enough resources to build 2 ships. My small rocket plane and my rocket cruiser. i decided i would build another huskie and go scout some place since i had nothing else to do. ( i grabbed the resource zone that i mentioned earlier) i found 3 ships. They had a plunderer and 2 atlases coming for me. i decided  to lure them to my base and they destroyed both my fortresses. i reloaded my last save and decided to try taking out the plunder by destroying the ammo barrels. i rode my huskie into battle with a overpowering determination and i boarded the plunderer. i quickly punched my way to the core and destroyed it. i cheered in triumph and noticed my repair tentacles were repairing the ship, i panicked and checked the map only to realize that i captured the ship. I laughed and realized the ships gun systems were down till the core i destroyed came back to repair. i noticed the ship had plenty of repair bots and decided to man the guns myself till they were repaired. i started shooting the atlases with little affect. things were looking bad, with the ship being constantly hit by the atlases i thought i was doomed. Then, all of a sudden all the guns pointed the enemy balloon crafts and blew them out of the sky with little effort. i rode my newly captured ship back to base in excitement and knew, that the tides have turned against  the deep water guard.100/10. ill never regret buying this game."
76561198273358791,Recommended,268650,31884819,Posted: 21 May,all,FirestormSB™,Building a battle ship with 500mm machineguns is fun hehe
,Recommended,268650,30065606,Posted: 20 February,all,amazePenguin,I still haven't played the campaign. 11/10 would spend 700 more hours building replicas.
,Recommended,268650,24739485,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mr.Spookyman,"I have no idea what I'm doing.Edit 8/9/16SEND HELP I CAN'T STOP PLAYINGEdit 8/21/16Alright heres an actual review since I really love this game.TLDR at the bottomFrom the Depths is a Sandbox, Building, and Strategy game all in one. You can make Ships, Battleships, Cruisers, Aircraft Carriers, Submarines and a hell of a lot more. If you aren't too much of a naval guy, then you can also make aviation vehicles such as Airplanes, Jets, Airships, and even Spaceships. If you aren't too much of a naval guy or aviation guy then don't worry, I'll get to that later in this review.The Official CampaignsAlright so this game has 6 main campaigns, each where you play as each different faction. The planet you play this campaign at is called Neter. I have not played the faction campaigns at all so I won't be giving a description for those since I know jack♥♥♥♥♥♥about them. But I will say which faction is for which campaign.Quest for Neter - If you wanna be independent and not play as any faction, then this one is for you. You wanna fight everyone and reign supreme? Then go ahead. You wanna make friends with other factions? Go ahead, it's your game.Of Oil and Pirates - Deepwater GuardOperation Iron Maiden - Steel StridersThe Steel Inquisition - White FlayersSurge Protection Protocol - Twin GuardThe Ascension Project - Lightning HoodsScarlet Skies - Scarlet DawnThese are the main campaigns you can play.The Custom CampaignsAlright so you might be thinking, ""This♥♥♥♥♥♥sounds easy"". It isn't. But if you want more of a challenge, then here's the custom campaigns.The Quest for Glao - Play on a different planet called Glao. The air is toxic and you require a ""Heart Stone"" in order to not die horribly by the toxic air. Not to worry, you can make one easily. You play independently in this campaign.Dangerous Waters - Are you not too creative. Are you too lazy to make♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do you love WWII? Then this campaign is for you. This campaign is set around WWII and is more of an RTS than other campaigns. You cannot build in this campaign but you can get resources and chose historically (almost) accurate vehicles that you can control. You can chose normal ships, submarines, planes, and even tanks! You can only play as the Liberty (USA) Faction in this campaign for now.Ashes of the Empire - This campaign takes 10 years before The Quest for Neter campaign. You play on Neter again, but something is very different.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorIf you aren't too much of a naval guy or aviation guy then don't worry, I'll get to that later in this review.That's right. Land! You finally have a (very) large open world that you can make Tanks, Cars, Trucks, and more and use them to annihilate your foes with. There are some very tiny water areas if you really want to build ships. Of course there's a large♥♥♥♥♥area for your aviation vehicles as well.These are all the custom campaigns.BuildingThere are two ways to build. Using your keyboard or using your mouse and WASD. The game recommends you using the keyboard method but I like using the mouse more as I am used to it from other building games.You have a wide arsenal of blocks and other♥♥♥♥♥♥to use on your vehicle that you are building. You can make a simple, wooden raft or Pirate Ship or you could make a mix of metal blocks and lighter blocks to make a huge♥♥♥♥♥Battleship or something like that.The building is very easy for me to use. You can make a frame of the bottom of a ship and press a simple little keyboard button that fills in the frame automatically for you with whatever block you have selected currently. You can also make both sides of your ship easily with the mirror option. You can also paint your vehicle in any colors you want.This game makes building easy and simple.GameplaySo you finished making (or spawned in) a vehicle. Congrats. Now you gotta see if that♥♥♥♥♥♥is seaworthy. You can use the vehicle creator and spawn some enemies in and see how your vehicle does. If it ♥♥♥♥s up, then try improving it or make a new vehicle from scratch. If it's victorious (multiple times perhaps?), then try the campaigns. You can spawn in your ship (or make a new one) in the campaigns but they will cost materials.Playing in campaign mode is survival mode or something like that. You make♥♥♥♥♥♥to kill other♥♥♥♥♥♥and take their♥♥♥♥♥♥that can be used to make more♥♥♥♥♥♥that kills other♥♥♥♥♥♥ Or you could just make some Fortresses in material areas that can drill out materials that you can use to make stuff with.This is gameplay for now. I might continue on it later.Conclusion and TLDRRating ScaleNuclear Waste♥♥♥♥♥♥MehOkGoodHey! That's pretty good.AmazingFlawless.This game isAmazingto me. A lot, and I mean a whole damn lot, of this game is top notch  and perfect. The reason I don't say it's flawless and say it's amazing instead is because some stuff can be annoying and can get you to start screaming at your monitor.HOWEVER, if you are a pretty chill gamer dudeor Dudettewho loves building, then this game would probably beFlawlessfor you."
,Recommended,268650,13772784,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,StolenPie,"Basically, when I first saw the game on YouTube, I didn't expect too much. I just bought it to have some fun with other peoples desings.As I tried to build my firs little vehicle I struggled with engine desing, guns, controls.To be honest, I had no Idea. But after a few hours of building you really know what to do, learn how to build engines and gianormous cannons.At first the build-mode is a bit unusual in comparison to games like Minecraft or Robocraft. After a short time you'll figure out how genious it is. You can build even huge vehicles very fast.The phisics are really good.Short and sweet: It is one of the best alpha-games I ever played, till now I only encountered one bug! Of course, some content may still be missing, but all in all it's really addicting. (Not sure if thats good or bad ;))"
76561198061815275,Recommended,268650,19454811,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Havok,"I've had nothing but a blast in, From the DepthsBuild your ship the way you want designing everything down to the caliber of your barrel to the make up of your deathly shells.strategy, building, and a true challenge all in one tight package.needless to say, shout out to the dev for bringing out such a unique experience!100+(and counting) hours of pure enjoyment!"
76561198071276039,Recommended,268650,16323563,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Matches,"Heavily active community, a link below to the official forums!http://www.fromthedepthsgame.com/forum/index.php*****FOR THOSE WHO DONT READ GOOD*****http://www.fromthedepthsgame.com/forum/showthread.php?tid=3149Check out the link above and you can watch for yourself what this game is all about when it comes to pushing the limits and coming up with ideas.The game is TECHNICALLY in alpha right now, but I personally would never have guessed it's in alpha from playing it.  IMO it's more complete then alot of released games these days and the developer Nick is a comlete boss.  (The only developer of any game i've ever played where I know their name lol)I'm only 70 hours (purchased 2 weeks ago) in and have another 70 to go easily before I can even begin to call myself a guru at this game.  Learning the basics really isn't that hard and literally the only limit is your imagination.  Earlier today I literally made a boat around a drill for ramming and it worked.  But then I thought...  What if the ENTIRE drill rotated while it drilled?  Took me another 3 hours but...  oh.. my... god...EDIT:  Sittin at over 800 hours now, and I'm still...  not a guru compared to some masters out there!  It was worth it when I originally wrote this review, and it's completely worth it now."
76561198062085376,Recommended,268650,28954855,Posted: 2 January,all,⎝Patigel Starberry⎠,A game so expansive with content that not even the game engine can handle it.
76561198041228725,Recommended,268650,22721173,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Tranquil,"The list shows more CONS than PROS, but I guess in the end the game is recommendable.I give this game 7/10.PROS- Freedom to build (space) ships, planes, submarines and land vehicles.- Lot of possibilities if you know how to program the AI.- Worth your time and creativity.- Fun to put designs to the test.CONS- Rather slow development.- Physics are a bit strange sometimes. Some update seemed to have made some of my designs unplayable. If you want stable vehicles, you need to make them big. That's okay for most people, but I like to design historical planes with realistic sizes and proportions.- Steap learning curve.- UI is a bit messy and unattractive, or at least very unpolished.- Needs high-end computer.- Multiplayer could be better."
,Recommended,268650,17177396,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Xbgx,"This without a doubt is the most amazing Masterpiece I have ever played in my entire life. Co-Op is amazing, the customization is unparalleled. It is difficult to learn at first but don't give up it is your duty to experience this."
76561198109057787,Recommended,268650,30573444,Posted: 17 March,all,bdevil80,How does one boat?
,Recommended,268650,21051379,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kappa,I like how 7 squirrels can take down my whole fleet ^.^
,Recommended,268650,19003386,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ass,"Defeat the enemy with:Cannons.Missiles.Bombs.Grenade LaunchersRammer-vessel-thingie.Lasers.Lasers.And Lasers.Did I mention lasers?Lasers.EDIT:Oh, now they added Advanced Cannons...Lasers"
,Recommended,268650,26461672,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ColossalClock,"This is a damn fine game, it has a steep learning curve but amazing depth and complexity."
76561198039987143,Recommended,268650,27512040,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GruntRule,"Great game, lots of fun, but has a huge learning curve and difficult to get into.But if you spend the time to learn and familiarize yourself it is totally worth it"
76561197973592203,Recommended,268650,13804567,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,VstaR,"Collecting resources, building your army hand crafted, and fighting your enemies, what more do you want? Oh i know the great challenge that comes with designing your ships/stations/planes to be usefull instead of duckfood!! :)"
76561198067370237,Recommended,268650,17499025,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,TopHat Butcher,One of the best games i have ever played !
,Recommended,268650,23250542,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Emperor Shor,"This Game Is Very Fun, I've Built Over 100 Vehicles, Structures, and Sky Fortresses. My Favorite Faction Is The Lightning Hoods!"
76561198023640085,Recommended,268650,14895028,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,GG Gesus,"This game is freaking awesome! One of my new goto games when you like to kill time, and have a challenge.10/10"
76561198106164629,Recommended,268650,20308268,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jack Winters,I really Like the graphics and gameplay
,Recommended,268650,20106449,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ratchet,"Jalan gets angry, Zabo gets angry, Valak gets angry, and Ratchet plays F.uck the Depths with Shaddik."
,Recommended,268650,24965918,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Nightmare,"I don't do alot of reviews but FTD is one of my favorite games right now.First we are gonna start with the good parts of the gamePros: (Ill break these down in a little)Its ComplicatedSomething new to do everytime you launch it.Updates pretty often.Amazing Cusomization of weapons, ships, and even engines.Lets Break It Down.The engines and weapon system in the game are complicated. im not going to lie, To this day I still am finding new combos to use with my Turrets and MisslesSomething new to do everytime you launch it, By this I mean that you can always build new things, Try new gamemodes and just have something new to build every time you launch it. One day you could build a speedboat and the next a Huge battleship or even a jet or bomber. Its honestly one of the most user dynamic games ive seen.Updates, Updates for this game are well done and well announced. He posts the features of each update on steam and on their fourms. He also asks the community what they would like to see. Its a small dev team and the rate of their updates makes Dayz Standalone look abandoned.*The last point i addressed in the first two points*Now, To the cons.This game's multiplayer requires Godly internet. The multiplayer isnt optimized as well as lets say Minecraft or Space Engineers. But I digress.Bugs. This game isnt perfect it has its share of bugs but thats expected from an Early Access game.I personally enjoy the game alot and I am starting to play it alot more just because of the recent new updates. The Idea of the game is great! And the way they are going with it looks very  promising on the fact that you can literally make a Giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and send it flying at enemys with a nuke, If thats your kinda game play.Anyways. I really suggest this for people who like Space Engineers and Scrap mechanics. It has great water physics and alot of complication to its gameplay."
76561198061154180,Recommended,268650,31879119,Posted: 21 May,all,ObiWayne-Shinobi,"If you can answer at least 3 of the following questions with ""Yes"", you should buy this game.- Do you like the Yamato battleship but think it's guns are simply to small?- Do you like Star Destroyers but always wanted to know if they would not be be waaaay more awesome with huge batteries of boradside cannons of all kinds?- Do You like ships? I mean all kinds of ships you can and, more important, can't think of: Airships, battleships, airships that look like battleships, carriers.......- Have you ever dreamed of being superior by using your mad mathematics genius for creating an individual guidance system for your missiles by writing your own piece of code?- Do you like hovercrafts?- Do you like helicopters and any thinkable and again, unthinkable flying objects? Im not only talking about planes, jets, U.F.O.'s, bombers or Zeppelins. In From the Depths you can build your own satellites, space ships(and -stations), flying fortresses... you name it.- Do you like WEAPONS? There are ridiculously insane weapons systems.... 'Regular' ballistic weapons systems (simply HUGE CANNONS, specialized cannons, miniguns, autocannons etc.) lasers, particle cannons, missiles, torpedos, nukes, kamikaze drones etc. etc.The power (and size of the weapons) depend on the vehicle you are going to install them on. Bigger weapons on bigger vehicles.... You can design everything how it pleases you.I could go on here but I think my point is clear: I spent a lot of time with From the Dephts because it lets you be creative like no other game. You can literally build everything you could ever think of.Apart form that it has one of the best communities I have seen so far. People in the forums are always helping you if you have questions about any aspect of the game. There you can share your designs and see what other people are building.In short words: The game offers an experience no other could do. You should give it a try.If you are interested on how things look and sound, check out my workshop items on From the Depths:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061154180/myworkshopfiles/?p=1"
,Recommended,268650,20458122,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ankou Aquilis,"This gameCANbe lots of fun. *Notice how I said can*From the Depths is a vast sandbox game where you basicly get to make things blow up. You can make a giant laser that fires at naval craft from space or have an aircraft lob enourmouse shells that can oneshot things. Or you can sneak around in a submarine. It has aHUGElearning curve however, but if you have the patience to learn, you'll have the basics down fairly quickly. There is almost no limintation to what you can make. Graphics could be improved quite a bit but, community made textures may become a thing sooner or later.Tl;Dr : If you didn't have the patience to read that short ammount of text then you'll deff get frustrated in this game and you should prob not get it."
76561197970494849,Recommended,268650,24732243,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,bornnoir,So much to do and learn. This is a gift that keeps giving.
76561198102550462,Recommended,268650,29858861,Posted: 11 February,all,XxavionnxX,"There is something about this game that makes it great, somthing bigger, more rewarding, more incredible than just about any other game, you play CoD for 50 hours, and what do you get for it? some pretty skins for a gun? Not exactly a motivator,but this game, it gives you that somthing special-- special like I've never seen before in any game. That feeling is true, genuine acomplishment, I learned that with my very first ship, lovingly named the lancer, it was a sleek heavy hitter, based on elysium's frigate-- smashed every DWG ship in the game, and a quick adjustment to the missiles to use EMP destroyed every OW ship in the game, I loved it, it was my baby, every ship after that was just the same, there isn't a single other game that can match that feeling, I even learned Lua code just to optimize my missiles! don't get me wrong, there are a litany of issues with this game, not the least of which is messing with the AI, but other than a few quality of acomplishment (life) issues, this is an amazing game, one I cannot shower enough praise upon.P.S--I've had this game for a while now, and I can assure you, I've played more than 60-some odd hours, and it's been an excellent experience. I still remember when I first got the game, and had been inspired to get it by people like EnterElysium, (watching their videos was invaluable to helping me with the harsh learning curve involved with picking this game up)."
,Recommended,268650,22723735,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,xR34p3rx117,"Great game, decent amount of depth (no puns please) and i love the keyboard based building style, cant see why no one thought of it before, makes things so much tidier and faster once you get it down. That will be the theme for this game, should you decide to play it. Getting it down. You will spend every minute of playing this game getting something down. You will learn how to build an engine. How to build a ship. Realise both your ship and engine suck so hard, they should be called The Dyson Mk I. You will re-learn how to build an engine. You will put that engine into a new ship. You will build a cannon. Your cannon wont work. You will rage. You will learn how to build a cannon properly. You will realise now that this is the ultimate learning curve simulator of all time. You will play. All day. E'rry Day. Occassionally, you may speak to your family and be reminded that they seem like nice people. One day, you may get down the life-work-FTD balance. But it wont be any day in the next fortnight. The learning curve is real and its called From The Depths. 10/10 would re-design ship 15 times before having nervous breakdown and coming back tomorrow."
76561198136427827,Recommended,268650,22517844,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,warhound266,i recomend this game cause of its pure replay value great potential
76561198100899351,Recommended,268650,11973330,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,RichyN25,"10/10 you need this, its addicting, the depth of detail in things you can create is astonishing, this is the best $20 I've spent on a game in a long while, I enjoyed Robocraft until their new updates, but this, is just, MIND BLOWING! If you enjoy creating AI controlled war machines then this game is for you, If you prefer to pilot your death machines, this game is for you, if you want to make a massive metal monstrosity that has a huge engine that creates tons of power and gets terrible fuel efficiency, this game is for you, if you prefer a more environmentally friendly approach to destroying things, by all means make a wooden sailboat and cover it in cannons, don't like boats? make a submarine, or a plane, or an airship, or a giant flying sky fortress, or an orbital space station that can rain death upon all who oppose you, or create a swarm of AI drones to spam at your enemies, really the possibilities are ENDLESS, with constant updates and a responsive developer this game is worth every penny!"
,Recommended,268650,21583415,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Yurikano,"Build fully functional and fully customiztable warships, aircraft, spaceships, naval and land bases, submarines, coastal defenses, then send them to battle under AI control, or pilot them yourself.And if you think that default AI does not cut it, you can code your own AI for your vehicles in LUA. Name one other game where you can program your units in an actual programming language without leaving the game. I'll wait.The most innovative game in last 5 years.Still under heavy development, updates come often (weekly/monthly).Learning curve to build things from scratch might be steep, but you can load, study and use/pilot all builtin designs in the campaign.10/10, this is hot stuff."
76561198053126695,Recommended,268650,21590944,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Tomson,"It's complicated. You need to learn a lot, You need to watch/read tutorials, you need to think a lot, you need to refine your designs a lot... You're going to fail a lot. But once you get good it's so damn satisfying that Dark Souls seems like a casual game in comparison! The moment when you manage to hit that damn little annoying flyer or when your massive self designed guns blow a football field sized hole into the ship you feared before... That moment Is PRICELESS! You are proud of what you built, but you know there are bigger and scarier things out there.If this sounds like something you would enjoy, this game is for you. I barely played anything else since I bought this and I love it!There are more than enough good and easy tutorials out there to learn so don't be scared of the learning curve. If you like building stuff and you like explosions and cool ships/planes/subs/airships/stuff you should really try this game! :)"
76561198117883746,Recommended,268650,18826209,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Calvin cool,this game is one of the best games I have played because of the fact of how it mixes strategy and creativity to make you build the most amazing ships/airships to beat or become friends with the other factions
,Recommended,268650,11832517,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,The Malpractice Cactus,"Aright, so here's the thing. This is a great game IF you're willing to sink obsessive amounts of time into it. This is by no means a casual game as there is simply too much content to be absorbed across any number of ten minute sessions. If one isn't willing to make that committment to learning, this game is not for them.Reasons to play this game:+Excellent physics, especially for a voxel box-esque game.+Build literally any sort of vehicle you want. You want a spaceship that doubles as a submarine? No problem.+Story missions that test the depths of one's abilities.+Fully customizable weapons platforms. I don't think of my laser guided missiles so much as missiles as they are long range sea mines that happen to fly.+Intuitive and shockingly convenient vehicle automation.+Nowhere as resource intensive as one would think it would be.Reasons NOT to play this game:-Steep learning curve. Building more than basic boats and engines is not for the faint of heart.-High time commitment.-Build interface is clunky and plays less like a game than a 3D drafting program.-Controls frequently inconvenient and limited in customization.-Stock vehicles for story missions seem unabashedly bad. Namely one critical, otherwise easily fixed flaw, like leaving the driveshaft of a gigantic drill completely exposed..."
,Recommended,268650,11831696,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,⎛⎝Aarki⎠⎞,"Epic. Just epic.I tend to shy away from Early Access nowadays, given the recent disappointments like Starforge or Towns, but this definitely hit the sweet spot of EA.The sheer scope of the premise, given with the activity and apparent competence level of the developer made this pretty much an instant buy. It also has a pretty good AI (one that even the player can use, too), so it offers a ton of replayability already. A campaign with resource gathering, diplomacy, hell even a working RPG system with levelups are there to tamper around with. Didn't even factor in things like multiplayer or co-op, which are still pretty much a work in progress.Also, the physics are pretty nice. Recoil has an actual impact, parts breaking off of your vessel can make you lose control, and weight will make you sink to the bottom of the ocean, whereas airtight compartments on a metal ship will keep you afloat, unless breached and flooded with water.If you like Kerbal Space Program or Starmade, or if you like the big, humming multiblock machines of certain Minecraft mods, you're probably going to love the hell out of this. Oh yeah, there's space, too. Orbital cannons raining down fiery death on submarines are possible and encouraged. And don't worry, the graphics are going to get an overhaul, too. Now stop reading and go buy the game D:"
,Recommended,268650,30822708,Posted: 29 March,all,Modoki,"Quite literally one of the most fun games I've ever played.Build what you want, how you want, then make balloons and thrusters make it float, fly, or sink.Want to build a wooden submarine? Sure! A rocket propelled sailboat with particle cannons? Done! A GIANT BATTLESHIP?! Yes, that too."
76561198048119049,Recommended,268650,15991201,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,SleepySkull,"So, my first game was in november, I bought it after watching a playthrough of 20 episode.'FUN!' I said, i bought it.I looked at the map and different than on the video.And i stopped playing it for a while because i couldn't understand how the map worked.Then i played it again, today. 2015-05-24...Load a game, start on fortress, made a ramming boat like the guide said. 'Start with a ramming boat, it's the best boat you can make against the first enemy boats.'So i went east. Found my first targets... 1 boat with 20 cannons on it...And 3 flying bombers.A ramming boat. Against aircraft.They destroyed my boat.I warped back to my fortress, start getting resources to make a new ship.And again, same guys, but now they come to me...Well now i got a cannon, right?Well, they went ABOVE my fortress, where my gun can't aim.And they destroyed my fortress. Lost an hour of my time playing this today.And you know what? I recommend this game. Really."
,Recommended,268650,15960403,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Malphas,A great game so far with a lot of developer interaction on the forums and steam page.
,Recommended,268650,15971834,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,MattoFever,"Complicated for first-timers, but when you get into it, it is a very detailed and good game."
76561198052576709,Recommended,268650,25241980,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,twasono,"Oh yeah. This is the real deal. This is what would happen if you threw some random guy into a mostly water planet, and throw in some other factions that (may) try to kill him, and to protect himself, he has to build boats, but he is clueless.The first few attempts the guy makes, his ship is too slow, flips, sinks, and ends up a sinking mosaic.The next few attempts he has to thwart pirates so he makes a decent, tiny little boat that destroys one, two, three blocks and then it gets blown up by a missile. Thankfully the starter fortress is a godsend and saves him from a buttkicking.A lot of attempts pass and somehow he makes a... plane? That kills one of the easy pirate ships with an atom bomb Kamikaze design! Yay!A few more attempts and he makes an average medium ship with a balanced... well, everything! It gives even the pirate designs a run for their money with a shield that bounces off most projectiles and missiles.*Spongebob time card*3 days laterHe finally manages to conquer Neter with his awesome reusable Kamikaze design somehow because the plane's diving at the enemy so fast, the turrets can't catch up!From humble beginnings (a crappy raft) to conqueror! (awesome kamikaze design)My experience so far;1st campaign (a little hard difficulty): A disaster in every way possible. Couldn't attack fast enough to do anything, and it ended in defeat with no resources left, so repair was impossible.Multiplayer (average difficulty): Learned about shipbuilding, engines, cannons, not so much missiles, and the fact that other people are better than me. Ended when I accidentally smushed too many ships together and crashed the game for the both of us.Another multiplayer session (average difficulty): Much shorter, learned about balloons, flying, etc. Ended when the game host just decided to quit.2nd campaign (very easy difficulty): A success so far, first upgraded the starter fortress, then made a mess of balloons that could somehow go to 3100m above the air (3.1km!) that saved ME from a buttkicking by just living, so that I could drop down as me and explode the enemies. 2 moderately difficult designs that got butchered just by this one plank of wood with 2 antennas attached to it for scouting, LOTS OF BALLOONS, and NO WEAPONS. Reminds me of the movie Up... then, just today, I made a breakthrough and made a working AI (well, who knows it hasn't been tested... yet) for the starting_rib with 2 crappy cannons with the minimal gauge and just 2 barrels!A wonderful experience. And a worthy substitute for the entire public education system if used correctly, in my opinion. It has all the strains and benefits of learning in a fun package! Imagine of the public schools were replaced with From the Depths schools, good lord, that would (prooooooooooooobably) never happen."
,Recommended,268650,11795350,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Bobblehead O Doom,"*EARLY ACCESS* - Game still in developmentIf you are into voxel building games (IE. Minecraft) and want a bigger focus on PVP then this game is for you. Much deeper and customize-able than games like Robocraft. While this game does have a fairly steep learning curve and Youtube tutorial videos are practically mandatory for some of the more complex designs like setting up your own AI control of your ships and building custom weapons once you get the hang of it the game is a blast. Anything from submarines, planes, and even space ships are possible in this game.There are some features that really make this game stand out to me that I haven't seen done anywhere else like being able to design your own custom weapons and setup your own AI to control your individual ship or even your fleet. While there is a ""simple weapons"" tab which includes prebuilt weapons like small and heavy cannons, a missile and torpedo launcher, and ramming weapons like rams and drills the real meat and potatoes is the Custom Cannons, Custom missiles/torpedoes, and laser weapons. Simple weapons work fine early on against smaller ships made of wood but don;t have the versatility or sheer damage custom weapons are capable of.Custom weapons aren't simply placed on a ship but have to be built using individual components. For example to build a cannon you start with the firing piece. Then you can add different types of barrels (recoil reduction, flash suppressed, etc) and can add a component which increases the barrel gauge. Then you can add components like ammo crates, armor pen and explosive shells, autoloaders that speed up firing, shot predictors, etc. These components all modify the weapon in certain ways like accuracy, range, and dps. Custom missiles are built differently but the core idea still applies and same goes for the laser weapons.At this point you have a great game where you can build some pretty awesome combat vehicles but they didn't stop there.The feature that makes this game stand above most other voxel style games is the ability to create your own AI for your ships. Using an AI mainframe and a selection of different cards like target prioritization and Naval AI you can program your entire fleet or just individual ships to act autonomously within the rules you set for the ship. If you have a long range missile boat you could set it to try to stay within a certain range from its target. These are just the most basic AI functions and can get very deep and complicated depending on the design. This means not only can you create an entire fleet of ships with AI, but you can create an enemy fleet using AI to do battle against. Campaign and story missions do a good job of showing this off in single player.Multiplayer is planned and the option is in game but is currently not implemented but should be soon."
,Recommended,268650,28164288,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Zakare,"This game is phenomenal. If you love creating your own, ships, planes or tanks and taking them into satisfying combat where you tear through your opponents machines piece by piece this is a game for you.You can go into so much detail in your designs, from designing your own misslies to fine tuning how your machine's AI works, to deciding where every inch of reactive or heavy armor goes. I could go on for hours but you get the point. If you want to recreate your favourite military vehicles or fantasy craft this game has pretty much got you covered. The options are immense.The campaign is addictive, often involving different factions, each with their own strategies and designs. Some have ""stiched together"" machines that are made up of the hull parts of their foes and others have marauding mobile fortresses for units. How well you survive is all in how good your designs are. Nearly 600 hours into it and I still find myself coming back for more, much less ever completing the campaigns myself, all ways going back into the design mode to whip up another machine to bring into fray heheh...There is one thing however I hope they improve on. This game has quite a learning curve to overcome. While I think the current tutorials are decent, they can still be improved. I also feel that the build menu interface could also be improved to feel less overwhelming to newcomers. Improving the UI perhaps?That being said, all in all, this game is still amazing and i have never been able enjoy any other ""build em up and shoot em down"" game as much as I have enjoyed this one. This game goes further and beyond to offer freedom in creation and in depth gameplay. It thoroughly deserves it's place as one of the best games of it's kind."
,Recommended,268650,13082234,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Elusive Emu,"This is one of the best games I have played in a loooooooooooooong time! And it's indie, so none of those microtransactions and other infamous parts of AAA games. Well optimized, and does not require a great pc. But at the same time, it has great physics, many options for creativity and tons of replayability. But, the control scheme is very confusing to a beginner, but you will learn."
76561197979466067,Recommended,268650,15821283,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,theotherguy,"Finally someone mixed a sandbox with an rts, and they did it perfectly.I've been playing for about 3 months, stopped for about 2 weeks for GTA V, then picked back up (i couldn't wait lol)EVERYTHING IS CUSTOMIZEABLE, you are in complete control of your military forces, designed to spec for yourself.need a new AA ship? vehicle designer! want to bulldoze the enemy with one single ship? go build it!Again superb game, can't say anymore. Best 20 dollars i've ever spent on a game"
,Recommended,268650,22734731,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sans,"do you like big boats and cannot lie?do you like long and hard things filled with seamen?do you enjoy commanding entire fleets of your own making/plundering to pillage booty?if yes to any of these things, then this game is for you.be sure to read documentation before you start building anything, it will make your experience much smoother."
,Recommended,268650,13022725,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DrewTuber,"Have you ever designed a kick♥♥♥♥♥sailboat in Minecraft and wish you could take to the seas with it? Have you ever thought Kerbals were too peaceful? Have you ever wanted to design a plane that used cannons as a means of movement? Me neither, but in From the Depths, YOU CAN!From the Depths is a sandbox physics game with some rts elements thrown in for good measure. Build a ship, watch it sink. Build a better ship, one that moves! ....Then watch it get blown up. Build a gun, then build a ship around it! This is, in essence, what FtD is all aboot.In career mode you can take your designs and put them to the test. Capture resource nodes, battle pirates, and build your empire. Switch from game view to map view and position your fleet. Instead of rolling the dice when two ships meet, go back into physics mode and battle your enemy head on. You can manually control your vehicles and bases, or you can use the modular AI pieces and build an AI to do it for you.Speaking of modular, this game features modular engines, cannons, lasers, missiles, etc. Instead of placing a gun block where you want a gun, you can build your cannon from many modules that altar how the gun works. Range, reload time, damage, armor penetration, explosive rounds, accuracy, etc."
,Recommended,268650,12219409,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,khaz,"This game runs in the vein of others such as kerbal space program, starmade and space engineers. The difference being it is heavily focused on combat and fleets of units rather than a single craft. It has a steep learning curve so it can be daunting at first although there are quite a few videos and guides out there to help you on the more complicated things. The satisfaction from getting your fleet afloat and firing a hail of cannon shells and missile streaking towards the enemy is akin to glee as you watch the enemy fleet explode into little bits.Somewhere between a simulator, rts and a fps all rolled into one, its not for everyone, but for those with a creative streak its a highly addictive mix. For those with less patience they can always use the vehicles created by others from the workshop or FTD forums to get straight into the action.Once the co-op campaign is finished I doubt there will be any other game I'd rather play than From The Depths for a long time"
76561198010448523,Recommended,268650,11821004,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Pezzhippo,Shot an airship out of the sky and it crashed onto my deck so hard I sank. 10/10
76561198037416747,Recommended,268650,11631525,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Twileigh,This game is realy cool im suprised how i havnt noticed this game till now well anyway the core mechanics of the game is very good and especialy the ai and how u can make the ai take control of ur weapons or movement or everything just imagine the multiplayer how u can make a fleet of your custom destroyers and aircrafts then when u go to battle its not like ur picking a fight ur picking a war lawl with the physics and everything getting destroyed its just like the perfect game but the controls is a bit awkward at first its not like they are bad but u will get used to them later on.
,Recommended,268650,30755844,Posted: 26 March,all,amerika guy 2005,the game is great but you need to not be r e t a r d e d to be good at it so i cant play it.
76561198314579715,Recommended,268650,30539053,Posted: 16 March,all,joemcgowen45,Just bought last night spent a while just building stuff. Pretty addicting I like how you can drive your creations and fire the guns too. Now if you excuse I must get back to building my dreadnought. Great game I'd says it's pretty well worth it. And contrary to what's said here I went to the From The Depths forum and it's still being worked on. With all of the technical stuff this game goes into I can get why it takes time for updates to come.
76561198057075897,Recommended,268650,13441763,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,[APG][DK] Dawnstorm,This game should come with a warning: Required to play: Creativity : A highschool level algebra class: The First part of an engineering degree and a class in physics. That being said you can do a ton of stuff in this game you do need to have a brain on your shoulders and know some common sense things about engines space guns and all that good stuff. The Warnings Above may or may not be accurate to a 99% margin of error. 10/10 would fail again!
,Recommended,268650,21263665,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,-=ZXP=-CrispyFries,Hell ♥♥♥♥ing Yesthe complexedy of KSPthe grapics of minecraftthe creativity of Space Engineersand the fun of From The Depths10/10good job developers
76561198079427129,Recommended,268650,17510365,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ams,"So far its an amazing game... I love the building style and the way you can choose between keyboard or mouse. Even know there are a few things that need tweaking, but it is an alpha game so I expect to see great content in the future. :D"
76561197998569165,Recommended,268650,16403430,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Savaage,"do you like blowing things up?do you like making your own stuff to blow things up?do you like games where after 2k + hours your still learning new things? (and that dosn't count the stuff the incredibly active dev keeps adding)Then this is the game for you.  A word of warning this game has a signifigant learning cruve expext to put 10-12 hours in before you start getting cthe hnag of things.  If you lack the fortitude to do so you may want to go play robocraft.While this game may still be EA I've played a number of games that claimed to be done, but had far less to offer than this one."
,Recommended,268650,15608508,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MANister,"Minecraft meets World of tanks, War Thunder and Robocraft."
76561197980028304,Recommended,268650,16109430,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,intrasonic,"Compared to most voxel/builder games, this has a steeper learning curve and higher complexity, but in return you get far more freedom to be creative. Awesome developer, excellent communication, regularly updated."
,Recommended,268650,18275293,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Masterofworlds22,"It's pretty much what I have dreamt of. I still can't believe this is a real thing. I really like the building controls, but there is a minecraft style option if you can't grasp them. Designing big ships is funner for me than designing small ships, problem with that is my small ships start to become big ships. ""Hmm.. this could use a laser system, will have to upgrade the engine then. Eh, I've got the space, may as well put in a missle system. I wonder if I can get this to fly... MOAR DAKKAAAA""You can build practically any genre of vehicle, so your creativity can go wild. Just remember... wedges and triangles are your friend. Blocky things no go zoom zoom."
76561198023416519,Recommended,268650,17950560,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Nitara,"Incredibly deep build-things-to-blow-things-up sandbox game.  Unique from other titles in this genre (but there are more and more solid, similar games, with different elements), boasting not only competetive play and casual sandbox play but also a number of preset scenarios to challenge your design, and a great big delicious campaign mode, which I've barely scratched (at >300* hours).You can tell I just enjoy blowin'♥♥♥♥♥♥up trying to get that perfectly balanced, ordinance-spewing, sleek, sexy war machine.  SO MUCH LOVE.* Update after many more hours of enjoyment: still fun as hell just figuring out more effective ways of blowin'♥♥♥♥♥♥up.  Still an amazing game with frequent updates, a lively community, and an absolutely incredible diversity of creative content.The updates are not to be understated.  Recent additions range from railguns and advanced cannons (which are custom built) with customizable ammo (in addition to missiles that have long been customizable) to a complete engine revamp to detection systems (more on that later) to a UI tweak that *finally* laid out block varieties logically (THANK YOU! YES) and this list will grow too lengthy, you get it.  They've also progressively added some pre-built components to help folks get started or simply save time - like several types of engines, which are now fairly involved in their creation from the prior 'more of these and these and these = best', as well as weapons and other components.  Oh, and particle cannons.  One of my favorite ways to say hello - with shiny blue lights of DOOOOM!Here's some more if you're not convinced.  How about different styles of play?  What's the most difficult playstyle to include in a game where destruction is the focus, besides diplomacy (which is also implemented, but I'm not experienced with)?Stealth.Well, guess what?  There are now robust detection mechanics in-game, including detection via optical camera, IR camera, laser, retroflection (seeing the glare of optical and laser detection systems), radar, sonar, and more - and counters to each.  Want to hide from radar - i.e. the simplest, most straightforward way of missles and craft finding targets?  Each type of block has a certain radar profile - everything functioning with precise physics - and by using both a slim profile design (think of a B-2 bomber) and passive detection systems, like passive radar (for above water targets), by staying below water and detecting via active or passive sonar (since radar can't detect subsurface targets), or even using a ""wireless snooper"" (which detects transmission between a vehicle's AI computer and components connected wirelessly, as opposed to physically block by block), you can effectively minimize your opponents' ability to detect your craft.  You might also do these, AND deploy radar bouoys to 'ping' your opponent remotely.  Of course, your opponent might pepper an area with sonar or radar buoys of their own to search you out; they may be able to detect your engines' heat signature via infrared or flat-out see you with a camera......you can see where this is going - this game has endless depth (har har) and is growing constantly.  It's absolutely worth every penny, and I'm saying this as someone who STILL hasn't gotten into the campaign, because I'm a bit crazy and have this problem where I say ""ok, I'm going to design a nice cheap ship to get my fleet started in the campaign.""  A few hours later - or ten, or fifteen - I have something 3x more expensive to build that can annihilate a weak enemy fleet in minutes that's about as stable as a cannister of compressed hydrogen over an open flame and handles like dung.  So you could say I'm still pretty new.  That said, I've just completed a reasonable little destroyer that just might work and looks pretty slick (and it doubles as a sub! not that I've managed to get the whole diving/submerging when needed automatically finished), so the next time I revisit this review, I may have some campaign experience under my belt!I have nothing bad to say about it, and I'm critical.  It doesn't feel at all incomplete.  Things are always reworked and added - part of a living development cycle - but nothing feels missing.  I do have a wishlist, though... automated control blocks (which already exist serving SO many roles, like deploying/releasing hot air balloons or controlling air pump bouyancy) would be even more awesome if they could enable/disable detectors.  I'd like to be able to switch off active detection and be able to ""go silent"" using passive systems only (think disabling active sonar when surfacing a sub, or disabling active radar at low altitude flight).  I'd also love to have AI connector 'wires' - effectively extended blocks of connectors ala beams.  Maybe have a version that's a little sturdier with only connectors on either end (an armored/insulated conduit, basically)."
,Recommended,268650,17763857,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,The Batter,"Super fun where you can make amazing warmachines and fight other machines with it, Make AI or self controlled weapons or great fortress cities all day long, Lots of fun with a great campaign too! Even has creative!"
,Recommended,268650,17329136,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,𝓕𝓲𝓼𝓱,"From the Depths, a sandbox where you are a lone war-machine tasked with defeating the many factions on the world. Not all are hostile, with there being diplomacy, you are able to bribe to distract the enemy or become allies. Many refer to you as the enemy, with the goal to erase them all from existance and claim dominance over the planet of Neter.You make your ship from scratch, fitting it with an AI if you need to, efficient engines for power and of course, arnament, ranging from your average pea-shooter to a 500mm cannon able to shoot High explosive rounds up to 5 kilometers away, or your huge ICBM like missiles that shred the enemy from a safe distance."
,Recommended,268650,17411455,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Dylane29,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing confusing and difficult at the start but once I hit the 20 hour mark I was used to the way it worked. But the lasers are so boring and easy to use, but overall 10 OUT OF 10 IGN WOULD PLAY AGAIN"
,Recommended,268650,20410791,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,carmenara,"This block based, build anything you like combat simulator is better than sliced bread with peanut butter and jelly.I mention peanut butter and jelly because this game isn't just the bread, but comes with a metric s**t ton of hidden features that will amaze the armchair war machine engineer for days, weeks and months.From Age of Sail frigates to Space Battleship Yamato, build every darn war machine you've ever dreamed of in childhood and make them dominate subsurface, sea, air, land, and space battles with your arsenal of custom designed guns, lasers and missile systems that are near fully customizable. Anything is possible, prepare to be amazed by the hundreds of example ships packaged in the singleplayer missions, they're absolutely dangerous and creative, from submarine rams to paddle boats to flying fortresses and laser armed behemoths that ascend far beyond human engineering.And all that from a small selection of Minecraft style blocks!"
76561198003513930,Recommended,268650,20981533,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Scroto Saggins,"Simply amazing. Currently 500+ hours in with no sign of slowing down. The game is in an alpha state, but that has no reflection on the quality. Nick Smart is very active on the forums and regularly asks for your input to shape the game. Combat is intensly gratifying. Building is a minecraft junkie's dream, and the campaign is great, with more custom campaigns in the works. 10/10 Buy and join the forum if you want to help create a fantastic game."
76561198186440573,Recommended,268650,20934337,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DigitalWarrior96,">Start the game>Ooh campaign mode>Play a lot of games where you can build vehicles n stuff, this should be easy>Craft a boat>It stinks>Makes a bigger boat>Well, at least it floats>enemy attacking&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥>Gets Obliterated>Go you youtube IRElan, Rosefall, Aavak, EnterElysium, Etc.>Allright, I'm learning>Goes to vehicle design>Reverse Engineer stuff from the workshop>Makes a metal boat after hours of time and effort>New CampaignObliterates the DWG>Woo Hoo!>Picks random faction and insults them then goes to war>Oh hello there Scarlet Dawn>Lost my fleet in a 10 minute battle&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥>Twin Guard comes along>I insulted them too>Titan? This can't be good....>lost another fleet>Loses 5 fleets and 2 resource zones within the hour>Falls back to starter fortressNow I await my fate....10/10 Don't mess with the Twin Guard"
,Recommended,268650,22655650,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Swordy,Would run drugs across the American/Mexican border again to get this game...... 10/10
,Recommended,268650,21611121,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,TERMIN8R,"A bloody amazing game. Packed with lots of cool components, a strong community and a learning curve so steep it makes walls look walk-uppable."
,Recommended,268650,22966389,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The NileCroc,"From the Depths (FtD) is a game I highly recommend to people who like a learning curve in their games. This is a kind of game where you can show off your skill and power to your friends because you put in the time and effort to master the game. If you are a lazy person who likes playing games like Call of Duty just because they are easy, don't get this game. The game itself is a pretty interesting sandbox game where you can build ships, fortresses, planes, and even land vehicles. Most of the game revolves around the ships (hence the name, From the Depths) which all have main components like engines, propellers, rudders, AI cores, weapons systems, and etc. Each of these components will need to be learned individually and will function together to make your ship. The game allows for a lot of customization with its parts.  I think that this game really shows what you can be capable from learning from a game. I highly recommend this game to anyone who is interested.-TheNileCroc07[EDIT] By the way, the achievement of completing the first tutorial is broken for me. If anybody else has this problem, please tell me in the comments. Also, its still cool [11/23/2016]"
,Recommended,268650,25092105,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ℕʉɴsʜoɕkƧƧ™ | aka HA (Nyx),1 Hours of building is totally worth because i just build a tank that long range as hell and 2 hours of spending to use adv i'm all about HE Rounds because it easy to break armor.--Game is good--Lag? Who care--Aircraft is alway a answer--Heavy tank with long range totally worthIf you reading this you maybe be finding a joke for a bit get it?--ADV is love ADV is lifeADV = OVERPOWERED <<<(maybe)
,Recommended,268650,31558966,Posted: 5 May,all,mkarch,"I swear this is the most addicting game I've ever played. I bought it ages ago and had so much fun building massive warships, but I accidentally deleted my campaign save and rage quitted. I've only recently came back to the game, which is super complex. It took me about ten hours to relearn even the most basic mechanics. However, once you make something finally work, the destruction is SO GRATIFYING."
,Recommended,268650,31867703,Posted: 20 May,all,Hazard,"This game is amazing!-Over 400 blocks and infinite freedom! You can make 500 meter long flying warships that shoot lasers, if you are inventive, creative and have enough time!-Good campaigns that actually pose a challenge, there is even a WW2 campaign!-The ships of the enemy are greatly varied and there are Easy ships and there are indestructible fortresses that take hours to kill!BUT.....-The Learning curve is huge, and the game is bad at explaining stuff, so you have to google everything...-Enemies are sometimes extremely hard to defeat or extremely easy...-The story is non-existant, like there is litteraly no plot, but some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ text that sheds very little light on the story of the factions...Considering everything, this game is amazing IF you are willing to spend loads of time in the game and surpass the learning curve, it took me roughly 75 hours to learn all the stuff required to build something decent...All in all, i highly recommend this game!"
76561198384882674,Recommended,268650,31819223,Posted: 18 May,all,awesomeshot956,This is a awesome game for gamers that like complicated things if you do not like complicated things well this game is not for you.
76561198000789542,Recommended,268650,17500032,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,wer24,"Try it, have patience with the weird interface but its super fun!"
,Recommended,268650,19119319,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,HaydenHw5,"A game that allows for fine control over the function of your craft, it may seem similar to most voxel games, but it's extremely complex, it has a tone of blocks, and things to build, from subs to ships to spacecraft, really the game with the most possibilities, contradictory to the store page, you would probably need a graphics card from the Nvidia G-F Gtx 700 Series, though for bigger things, a 1050 is well worth your buck, you can sink many hours into, and it has a great workshop community, it also allows for easy swaping of designs through the easy to navigate folders, though it's far from opensource, you have many groups orientated towards this game, me being part of one of them.Overall, it's good for anyone with the time to go throught the cliff-like learning turn. I've sunk about 1,500 hrs into it. For the cost, it feels like i'm scamming the person behind it."
,Recommended,268650,24614143,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,[BA] Kronous [BLFI],"This Game has the second highest learning curve of any game i have ever played, Surpassed only by eve.It provides many tutorials before you start a game, and Documentation while in the build mode to help you understand what you are doing, Still its difficult to get right the first time.Once you create your first ship and destroy your first enemy it is the sweetest feeling in the world though, Knowing you had to put that much effort into getting your ship right.This game is advanced, but not un User Friendly."
76561198209016233,Recommended,268650,33492323,Posted: 12 July,all,Gunrunner,"This is my first review of a game and, it's one of the best games I've played. The mix of a building game and a stratagy game is brilliant. while you will spend a good 2/3 of your time just building and testing, it's detaild enough to where once your acually fighting things, you feel acomplished because that was entirerly your ship. I was disipointed in a game like Spore because, while you could customize it, every part and where you put it didn't matter. but in this game, you customize every part from the turrets to the hull and even things like the makeup of the shell. if you don't like building and/or micromanaging, than this may become boring, bud if you have a creative mind and like stratagy, than i highly recommend this"
,Recommended,268650,33561584,Posted: 15 July,all,Benjammin528,great game but you need to put time to learn the mechanics but still thumbs up
,Recommended,268650,34404380,Posted: 21 August,all,mr.Ghost,"From the Depths is a game where you basically build massive battleships out of blocks and go to war against varying difficulties of enemies.The learning curve is steep but once you get the hang of it you can learn to build better. The feeling of building a ship that's cannons absolutely desecrate enemies in seconds, is immense. You aren't completely restricted to building sea vehicles, but also air vehicles. They are also working on land vehicles which is already quite in depth (although I have not explored this section myself). The amount of freedom you have in this game is massive and the sizes of vehicles can be as big as you want them to be.I recommend this game on the fact that I have had so much fun in all the time I've had with it.Some people will brand the game as""too repetitive""or""too difficult"", but this is my opinion and I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥if that's what you think, I like it.tl;dr:pros:+ lots of creative freedom+ satisfying sense of demolishing an enemy+ ZE MISSILEZ!!!+ lots of entertainment in a long amount of time+ lots of badass moments+ great visualscons:- some people might think the combat is too repetitive- combat doesn't have too much gameplay (It can do, but it's better off to let the computer do it for you)- steep learning curve (but short)- can be difficultIn conclusion, I found the game very enjoyable and it let me be very creative with it's building, but it mostly depends on the type of person playing it.7.5/10"
,Recommended,268650,22092432,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,REDLINE,"Well this is going to be interesting...Im not sure if this is a building game or just a INSANE customization simulator. (or is it both?)You can build your own creations with customizable AI (Naval AI, Aerial AI, Target prioritasation etc...) make them fly go underwater OR WHATEVER THE ♥♥♥♥ YOU WANT.I love games with customisation and i searched for an FPS for years where i can build a orbital missile array and call an airstrike on my enemies,although i woudnt call this an FPS its the closest to what i searched for for years.BTW if you looked at the in-game hours of the people making reviews for this game you probably noticed that this game is INSANELY addictive (but you do have to learn A LOT, ITS INSANE).PS im from switzerland so please excuse any grammar faults."
,Recommended,268650,22917982,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,revengeful lobster,"If you like Minecraft, Robocraft or any of those types of building games then this is probably a game you would enjoy. Building is similar to both, with more options and different types of blocks available. I have several hundred hours on both Robocraft and Minecraft, but prefer this game in terms of creativity and open endedness. There are no blocks to unlock, credits to earn, and all features are available from the onset. In the campaign, building is limited by resources, which you gather in zones or by defeating enemies. In sandbox mode, building is unlimited and design generated there can  be built in the campaign. Since it is still in alpha stage, changes are continually coming out and not all in game features have been implemented. It is primarily single player, and the campaign mode works but again as an alpha, it can change as updates come out which can be pretty frequent as the developer is VERY active.The world it takes place on is mostly water and the game's focus is primarily water based ship building and combat, however aircraft, submarines, balloon craft and, to a limited extent, even spacecraft are possible. Land based craft are in the works and ground based structures are possible. There is currently 4 types of weapons available: projectile (cannons, machine guns, electromagnetic gauss), missiles, energy based (lasers and particle cannons) and simple types like rams and drills. Most have different parts to make them configurable for different effects and potency.The only downside to this game is the learning curve is VERY steep for some of the more in depth or advanced functions and the enemy can be very difficult in the later stages of the campaign and the multiplayer aspect is limited. Fortunately, the game difficulty can be tweaked and the campaign is optional. You can just build in sandbox mode and pit your designs against each other (or the built in designs) if you choose. The Steam Workshop also has very many designs from the community (many are exceptional and are even in the game itself) and the user interface is very easy to use and vehicles and structures are  easy to install and can be used in the campaign or sandbox.I have not experimented with multiplayer at all, so I can't  comment on what it entails or how well it functions.Overall this is a fun builder type game in which I have spent over 2000 hours on and continually come back to. I highly recommend it."
76561198154834353,Recommended,268650,24360077,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ds332a,"Definately ranks in the top three best games that I have ever played, the key based building system is intuitive, the campaign is fun, and the soundtrack is great. On top of that the community is responsive, and only has one or two trolls. Plus the devloper is constantly active and updates the game regularly. And while it does have quite a learning curve, it's justified by the fact that there is just SOOO much you can do, want to build a duck shaped spaceship powered by the recoil of a 2000mm cannon? you can do that, want to build a super battleship armed with railguns that grows legs and walks? you can do that too. 9001/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,268650,25033285,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Grizzim #BestInTheWest,Probably the best Sandbox building game since Minecraft.I especially love that you can play the campaign in Co-op as many sandbox games tend to be singleplayer only
76561198058134325,Recommended,268650,24908910,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Diablo,great destruction game!!! nuff said
,Recommended,268650,22200793,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,🗑🍁𝔗𝔯𝔞𝔰𝔥ℜ𝔲𝔡𝔡𝔯🍁🗑,"First it started with a single developer, [our lesser savior nick :D] now it has more people on the team and all i can say is if you dont like it one patch? check it out the next, they can change everything for the better, and offen always do"
76561198334532254,Recommended,268650,33431068,Posted: 10 July,all,colonelmustardgas3,"Great game with an amazing community. Honestly one of the friendliest player bases I have ever seen.Building ComplexityOn a scale of 1 to 10 in terms of how complex the building is, I would give this a ""Designing a f*cking rocketship"". The game is very in-depth with building and mechanics, but this is not necessarily a bad thing. For the new player, this can be daunting, but the community is always willing to help. As a wise man once said, ""It's not a learning curve, it's a learning brick wall."" Fortunately, once you climb that wall, you start to have some real fun with building.CampaignWhile the Campaign is rather plain and Adventure mode leaves much to be desired, the game is fun to play nonetheless. The beauty of this game is that you can put obstacles in the way of your building to make the game more challenging, and with the wide variety of armors, engines, and weapons, you can always experiment with new play styles. One thing to note, however, is that it is very rare to get large multi-ship battles, simply because there is a volume restriction to prevent setting computer's ablaze. Of course, you can always make smaller ships to allow for more to spawn at any one point, but this mitigates the feel of large battleship on battleship action.MultiplayerThis is in my opinion the least glamorous of all the features of From the Depths. While Multiplayer is definitely enjoyable, as you can play Co-op in campaigns or battle it out with other players, the multiplayer itself is rather lacking. This is an Early Access game (but not really), so bugs are to be expected. However, multiplayer has a plethora of issues, making the gameplay underwhelming."
76561198090018802,Recommended,268650,22578748,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,MR Tank,Hard to get the hang of but once you do it's possibilities are endless and it certainly proves not to be a waste.
,Recommended,268650,22479535,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Cyberboi,"Quite a good block-based building game. Although the game's genre is focused on naval battles, you can build ground vehicles if you so wish. You can create various weaponry for different roles: Flak cannons for your battleships; CRAM cannons for your artillery; or LUA-guided missiles for Air-to-Air, Air-to-Ground or vice-versa. There are wheel blocks for land-based vehicles, but they are highly neglected, and I hope they are worked on soon; as you can create some stunning tanks with various shell types that will surely catch the interests of many War Thunder players, such as myself.Pros:A vast selection of parts ranging from lightweight metal alloys and ERA armour to LUA script for AI mainframes and various cannon types for both beginners and professionals.Stable multiplayer capability, although some bugs should be ironed out, such as the lack of Prefabs and host-only barrel-number selection for advanced cannons.Cons:You need a good graphics card to run this game over 30 fps at 1080p. I had around 15 on 720p with my old GT 620 (came with my prebuilt computer), now I get 60fps on 1080p at high.All-in-all a fun build game for Land, Air, and Naval vehicles."
76561198100474848,Recommended,268650,22596235,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Grifen34,Good game but takes time to get used to
76561198240654004,Recommended,268650,19687074,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,jcboone,very fun gametakes a bit to understand the consept of buildingmy recomendation is to first expiriment in the vehicle disginer to figure out how things work
76561198079108482,Recommended,268650,21584881,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Maeltep,"Imagine a vehicle, could be a boat, a sub, or plane. Or maybe a combination. Do you have it in your head?Yes?Yeah, you can do that in this game. Every detail down to the makeup of its ammo, or the structure of its engine. If that sounds like your thing, I suggest buying this. Its well worth it for the price."
76561198084359707,Recommended,268650,21591778,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,willmoryto,"Absolutly love this game, i have over 360 hours on it, defiintly one of the best games ive ever played. Its many building options works for all diffrent styles, wether you like sci fi super ships, or want just realism, its perfect for both. The game also has constant updates which always freshens up the game. This game is also is very complciated and takes a while to really get the hang of, but when you do, its awesome. Extreme learning curve. It actually takes a little inteligence to be good at this game, or at least a lot of playing time. Great game, if you like building anything your mind can come up with, this game is for you. I highly recomend this game.ProsTons of Building OptionsCool CampaignYou can build anyting you can think of.Constant new featuresConsOnly thing is the rapid degrading of FPS when using more than one huge ship"
76561198170430513,Recommended,268650,20074766,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Shadowcalen1,"One of the few games I picked up full price, a game deffanatly worth playing. However while its relitivly easy to build a working ship, making it effective is alot harder."
76561198117972534,Recommended,268650,18018190,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,m²,The best building game I have ever played. Nothing else even comes close to the scale of this game. This game is so amazing. I've never written a game review but I feel compelled to do so for this game. 10/10 would play again and again and agian.
76561198056752975,Recommended,268650,18859142,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Chip,Best sinking simulator made-Even my airplanes sink!10/10 would play again
76561198138425753,Recommended,268650,23606527,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,purpleleven,"This is currently my favorite game. There's a steep learning curve, but once you understand how to build a boat, there's nowhere to go but up. Literally, because you can go to space. It's Minecraft meets Kerbal Space Program mixed with a real-time strategy war game and resource management,and it keeps getting new stuff."
76561198023476270,Recommended,268650,31387369,Posted: 26 April,all,"Jim Lahey, Park Supervisor","Super intuitive voxel based building, combat and strategy game. When I first got it, it was immediately overwhelming in both depth and complexity, after the steep learning curve however is a phenominal game with huge ability"
,Recommended,268650,27143728,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fiyah,"""I have yet to build a nice floating ship but instead, I spend a lot of my time trying to make the perfect cannon for the ship I want to mount on. But then again, the cannon won't fit. Back to redesign phase.""Not only that, it has a steep leaning curve that most of the time, you have to experiment something together to determine the outcome of your design. Despite its ""Alpha"" build, the game is actually playable as if it's already nearing release (with some bugs). And it is still good overall. The development team is very active for an ""Alpha"" build which is quite nice considering I really enjoy this game. This is, for me, one of the best complex sandbox builder games as you clearly have to think well in order for your design to succeed in battle.Also, RIP to all the Deepwater Guard Marauders used for testing all the weapons I made.9/10"
76561198113486009,Recommended,268650,16772972,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jetman42,"I am blown away by this game! The building mechanics allow most anything you want to be built, as long as you can figure it out, which isn't that hard. The campaign is amazing with each of the 8 factions having over 20 ships and other craft like planes, airships, and submarines. The story is a little short but the team is working on that. The development team is amazing they respond and come out with updates quite frequently. The only thing I could want from this game is a working multiplayer which should be up fairly soon. All in all this game is worth the money you pay for it!"
,Recommended,268650,32902852,Posted: 27 June,all,nottakenatall,"A really good building game with loads of customisation, but a lot less boring than it seems."
,Not Recommended,268650,29406712,Posted: 21 January,all,A Lemming,"After a lot of careful consideration, I believe this game is going south.Nick Smart has done a lot of work on this game, but it just doesnt add up.While more content has been added, little has been done to fix the complicated and abhorrent appearing UI, the downright boring campaign and the mediocre performance. There is little to do outside of the vehicle design and tester gamemode, with the campaign containing bad AI and repetitive gameplay.Combined with the fact that the dev has recently gone off to work on another game, and the toxic and hostile community which fiercely denies that FTD is being abandoned, I have decided to cut ties and leave this game forever.All in all I cannot recommend you buy this game. It looked like it was going better at the beginning, but now I think all bets are off."
76561198163023205,Recommended,268650,20866768,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Samex,"Prepare for mass rage and rage quits.I love this game, I've only played about ~20 hours but I've learnt a fair bit. The learning curve is like getting hit in the face with a bowling ball. If you are going to buy the game prepare to do countless hours of research on how to play the game.The game itself has one simple objective, destroy the opposition; Simple right? Well it is if you know how to construct might war ships and planes whilst also keeping an eye out for enemy fleets and keeping an eye on your own. Distrubuting resources left right and centre and all sorts of multitasking that I cannot perform because I'm just simple minded.But if you know how to play your cards, and can learn the fundementals quickly then you're going to have 100s of hours of just pure fun bombarding with every missile, cannon and railgun you can muster. At the end of the day its just another war game but in my view it is one that stands out above every other war game because of just how unique it is.I could go on explaining the pros the cons and every detail inbetween but I think I've said enough to show how good it is.10 Kitkats out of 10"
76561198039267144,Recommended,268650,16058604,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Boomknight,"One of those games that has a hard learning curve and its still actively being worked on with some place holder stuff but form what is there. There is a good game with rough edges. Memory leak issues but if you want a game where you can build a ship and not just choose hard points then make a fleet of them, hell you can even make planes, zeppelins, space ships, submarines with guns that you build yourself. You can make a flying air craft carrier for fighters then let them swarm the boats below or just have the sky blanketed in rockets.How your ship works is up to you, or just go the lazy rout and take over Ai ships and use them as your own, ram, rocket, canon or even laser your way into their hull and take out their AI core and its all yours. So what the game is, its fun but takes hours of learning to not get taken out by the smallest of rowboats.Normally I would say avoid Early access games like the plague but if what I said interested you go ahead and take a look at a few videos of the game and see if this game is for you. :)"
76561198029636311,Recommended,268650,16804258,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Horus,I love this game. Im obsessed. Cant wait to see what this game will become.
,Recommended,268650,13006672,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,justym21,"First off, the game can be a little discouraging at first. I hope you will stick with it because it really is something special. There is something satisfying about designing and building a vessel/craft and sending her to the battle front. I am still getting my feet wet (yes, after 30+ hours) and have really enjoyed myself so far."
,Recommended,268650,13063142,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Rogue,If you love a technical game that inspires your imagination and creativity then this is it in its most extreme form. The complexity of this game makes for quite a steep learning curve at the start. In fact even now I am still learning even after all the hours I have played it.This game is getting regular updates. The developer is also doing a great job with communication on the forums.Over all it’s a fantastic game at this stage. I believe this game deserves every bit of attention it gets.
76561198138696287,Recommended,268650,34226338,Posted: 13 August,all,Papa Stalin,10/10
,Recommended,268650,12046705,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Angrytiger,"From the first time you begin crafting your own vehicle -- varying from seagoing vessels, to aircraft, to spaceborne vehicles, with the promise of land-based vehicles on the way -- it's clear that From the Depths takes the mechanics of crafting your own personal vehicle to an extent that most other games haven't dared. Without naming any names, this isn't a game where you get predefined hulls with a drag-and-drop parts list to min/max stats; instead, you have to build the vehicle from the ground (or keel, as it were) up, making sure to provide it with an engine, an AI system that needs to be wired into the weaponry, and the weaponry itself. And even weapons are completely crafted -- the more powerful or accurate you want it to be, the more resources and room it takes up, forcing players to find the perfect balance between making their ultimate gun(s) or missile launcher(s) and being able to fit it on their hull.The lego-like simplicity of building your ultimate war machine is offset by a few pragmatic concerns you need to observe -- key above all is a physics system requiring balance as a mandatory part of design. Tempting though it may be to make your ship completely out of steel for maximum armor, it will also sink like a brick, maneuver like one, and cost an arm and a leg. And symmetry of design is necessary for the same reason -- making a spaceship that's got a Millennium Falcon-esque vibe to it will lead to tears when you realize that it has an off-center balance.Criticisms for this game, from my perspective, revolve mainly around a few important points. First of all is that, beyond the sandbox building, there isn't much to be seen from a gameplay perspective (YET, if this game's hype doesn't rapidly exceed the creators' abilities). The campaign, such as it is, is an ill-explained board game type strategy game, where you move your fleet around and capture resources. You drop into a fight against enemy ships/aircraft, defeat them, move on. Beyond forcing the player to maintain resource caps, it has no real sense of depth at this stage in development. The other is that, while in some extents the building is great, it falls flat in the departments of variety and (despite praising it before) complexity. There are all of 5 basic block types, and turrets have an unfortunate tendency to look the same, no matter the size, number of barrels, or parent vessel. And while it's neat to have to attach weapons to your AI's mainframe through 'wiring', said wiring comes in the form of specific connector blocks -- forcing you either to build turret mounts bigger and bulkier than you intended to protect these vulnerable pieces (without which your AI can't fire the weapons), or you leave them exposed to enemy counterbattery.How might these issues be corrected? I'm not even gonna play armchair dev and try to say, definitively, what the fixes might be, but I can offer ideas:1.) Allow research and/or 'backwards-engineering' in the campaign. Lock certain pieces (the 'extra' parts that can be attached to an engine to increase its capabilities, i.e. superchargers) and make it possible to either research their usage or capture the technology when fighting enemies. Ditto for varieties of blocks beyond wood.2.) Turn connector pieces into 'wired blocks', with armor available based on base material just like normal building blocks, and in exchange an escalating price scale.Is From the Depths worth it at this point in the cycle? Well, it depends on whether you really enjoy building stuff. If this is your cup of tea, you can sink hours into the 'game' as it stands at the moment. If you (like me) desire a balance between sandboxing and kicking over the castles in the sandbox a few minutes later, the game is far too underdeveloped at this stage... and anyone looking for an action-packed experience is in for a bit of regret."
,Recommended,268650,21961856,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,NonDesu,This game is slowly consuming my life... I like it.
,Recommended,268650,20062041,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,lambda,GOOD
76561198327976407,Recommended,268650,32955115,Posted: 28 June,all,Nicholas Cage,It's a good game... If you have the time to learn the incredibly complex building system so keep that in mind before you buy it
76561198112503183,Recommended,268650,23471816,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,jefvanlieshout,best building game ever i rate 11/10
76561198117053097,Recommended,268650,15917649,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mars327,"I've played so many fun filled hours with this game.♥♥♥♥♥the game has developed I've seen changes now some things need to be added but for one person( at least to my knolage there is only one dev. correct me if i'm wrong) to do all of this is amazing and the updates have never ""scerwed"" up the game and have only made it better as some games have, and there have been no change in controls and the game is self explanatory and quiter easy to leanr and if not so for you go on Youtube to find many guides and the game has a strong community base and support so i doubt this game can go wrong. All in all this was one if not the best game I've ever bought on steam.I highly recommend this game to any one creative or not as i have to allmy friends and hopefuly there will be a co-op version of the campaign."
76561198010989333,Recommended,268650,26684125,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DeathsTouch,"Well what can i say about this game, mmmm not much bad to be honest, dont get me wrong its not 100% perfect but if you like construction games this one is a dam good catch, not just for the price but the content also.The construction on this game has a very good depth to it, from building engines to your own needs to creating your own guns and lasers. i have only really made boats and flyers on this game but loved every minute creating and sinking ships and other strange flying and submersable contraptions. The combat system takes some getting used to, let me try to explain...: basicly you start with a base in campaign mode and a crappy small ship, so you need to get your fleets going asap and consider a base but its the combat you need to understand in this, you build a fleet or in my case in campaign i make just one beast of a ship and start to capture the map (i cant remamber the name of the 1st map but its huge), each zone has a number rateing which determins the strength of the fleet guarding it, you enter the sqaure the fleet spawns in and you battle it out, if you win the number vanishes and you move around the map looking for bases, but be warned if you pass into a sqaure owned by somebody friendly your rateing starts to drop and that side will declare war on you and thats how you try to get around the campaign mode, but you will need wit and stratedgy to survive or in my case really big BIG ships. its when you enter combat it gets strange though, when the fight starts for me my ships so big only 2 or 3 enemy ships will show and the others will be wire frame boxs on standby, when you destroy the ships you see the wire frome boxs turn into ships and start to attack, so for me fleet battles with my beast ships become more like survival mode, at first i will admit i didnt like this system but once i got to grips with it began to love the how the f$&k did my ship survuve that crap holy....., and some bases you just cant hit head on or your fleet/ship will very quickly become large holes. theres numerous ways to conquer campaign mode but how or what you build is up to you completly, make an armada of subs, ships aircraft and even space craft its left to you how to destroy the enemy.the constructer is quite a complex place even with the large number of tutorials and i WARN you here there is a large learning curve so expect to be watching lots of you tube videos to learn how some things work. once you get past the basics before you know it you will be makeing all sorts of crazy ideas and mad weapons, the creators hard but works very well once you learn whats what.over all i have loved this game from the start and would recommend it to any creative mind and construction nut, i havn't tryed story yet im still in campaign lol and developing more machines, but for the money this game is well worth the learning curve, just show it some patience and have you tube and google on stand by lol, any hows good luck if you get this game i hope you enjoy it half as much as i have 10/10."
,Recommended,268650,26353731,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,!nfinity,"Really great game, for builders AND for those who like large naval/aerial battles that do not require a lot, if any, player input.  If the player wants to, full control of all weapon and movement systems of each craft is easy and the ui is rather easy to learn. Builders will love the wide array of parts and customisability of the weapon and movement systems. Designs can also be easily borrowed from the workshop or the online forum. Designs can be tested easily as all in-game enemy factions' builds are available to spawn in. Detailed info on your vehicles' statistics is easily accessible and very informative.All in all, a very great game for everyone, even for those who don't want to take time off to build their own designs.TL;DR 10/10, DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED"
76561197972435021,Recommended,268650,11795283,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Hansuki,"Most people who have bought this game have 30-40 hours in it already.....just designing and fighting in single player.....in an alpha game......Thats unheard of to me. This game is indeed something special, from the freedom to build any vehicle you want, how you want, and fight how you want, to being able to play how you want - YOU design the ships you will use in the story mode. YOU decide who to fight, and when, in the Campaign.Seriously...I've played 5 hours of the campaign and killed 1/8 factions. That means each campaign could take you 30+ hours, with customizable campaigns and ships.....endless replayability.Multiplayer is on the way too. The Developer comments daily (hourly at times) on the Steam forums, while he works on the game. Updates weekly or less.EARLY ACCESS DONE RIGHT!!!!!!!!!"
76561198011744926,Recommended,268650,12831883,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Captain Mlargh,"Has taken place as my favourite game. a constantly developing gmae, that you can choose to make complex and clever ships taking days to build or throw together something with nothing more than brute force and ignorance to back it, and you will have tonnes of fun with that ship.this game has taken a fresh new approach to the sandbox games which have been spilling out of Devs for the last couple of years.It's complicated and clever, taking a while to learn and when you've mastered one thing there is a new frontier to explore and learn. its got infinite replayability because of this as even when you have finally built that ship you have dreamed of... you then need to build something bigger better and more ""lasery"" to top it."
,Recommended,268650,12863945,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Loebane (Robert),"This game is amazing. It has more depth than space engineers and a functional AI. I'm hooked, and I cannot wait to see what further developments are made as the game moves to beta."
76561198040095009,Recommended,268650,29252402,Posted: 14 January,all,jebmcdeber,"This game is a shining example to all other Early Access games. If you like a game with so much depth that you'll spend a hundred hours in game before you learn how to use each little component correctly, and like to build huge awesome death machines, this game is for you.Also, the dude that works on this is dedicated, and updates are frequent. The updates are crazy optimized too. You'll get a dozen new components, new single player missions, new skins, ect, and the download size will be like 150kb. Super nice when your internet connection is metered."
76561198111587390,Recommended,268650,13420113,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Dude112113,a fun game with 3d building. my sorta game. likeing it so far even tho i didnt do eney tutorals i can build a bad ship ether way a fun good game
,Recommended,268650,30228694,Posted: 27 February,all,Golden_Labs,"FTD is a VEEEEEEERY complex game. its learning curve is very steep, and the physics can be slightly wonky at times. However, it is the only game I know of that successfully does what FTD does. EVERYTHING can be custom built to how you want it when you learn how to do it. The community is very nice and friendly, and also very willing to help if you run into any problems. It has massive variety in weapons (since you can custom build them) with some of them being more complex to build than others, but the more complex ones being more customisable. Every block you place affects how the vehicle moves, takes damage, how much it costs to build, the weight. After you finish climbing the mountain (and while you are climbing it) there is SO MUCH you can do. Medium flyer with twin slow firing cannons? done. Massive battleship with dozens of guns? no problem. Torpedo launching space-bound satellite? While not practical in any sense of the word, done. It offers so much variety, and if your willing to fight the learning curve, very fun."
,Recommended,268650,11696132,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Thorinkin,Started the game up.Built a battleship.It rolled over.Got shot in the ammo cash.20/10 Best game ever
76561198162396051,Recommended,268650,17283081,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Dj Spazzy,"This game, wow, this game is great, also i looked at the devs steam profile, he is also Scottish! :) only problem right now, i just installed Windows 10 from windows 7 home premuim, and everytime i start up the game it crashes, but other than that, this game is just incredible fun(Update from later in the day,it has nothing to do with the game at all, its just me terrible computer acting up(10 minutes later im not able to startup the game after multiple attempts, maybe its not my computer and it is the game.). Good for people who have a vast imagination and for people looking to play with friends on a campaign type of game mode, would really reccomend, worth the 15 pounds."
76561197998447471,Recommended,268650,14101068,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Halycon Shade,"FtD is simply amazing.  It blends Minecraft with EvE with Robocraft and gives you the freedom to build like very few wannabe ""sandbox"" games actually deliver on.  Planes, boats, subs, spacecraft...all wrapped up with a good physics engine and in Voxel style.All this comes with a price - it makes Dwarf Fortress's learning curve look like an ice skating rink and will obliterate your computer's processing power even on a top gaming rig (at highest settings).However, if you are willing to put in the time (and have the hardware), I'm sure you could spend literally thousands of hours on this - and that's just it's state now in Alpha.  An early access that, for once, is worth more than the price tag...and by a huge margin!"
,Recommended,268650,17914375,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,A Flatulant Panda,A Wonderful game! The building is superb! The graphics have a lovely aesthetic and the developer is very focused and clearly enjoys putting more and more into this game! YOU GO BUDDY! YOU GO AND YOU MAKE STUFF BREAK STUFF! :D
,Recommended,268650,20223393,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Flookh,I can safely say that From the Depths is a great source of puns and entertainment.I can't think of any puns.Just try it for yourself.
,Recommended,268650,21928486,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,vylaii,"Probably the best for those with a bunch of creativity inside their heads.Design anything, make anything, destroy anything, or become anything.That's just what this game is, in a nutshell."
,Recommended,268650,13629194,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Basbo Bibbins,"I was told by a good friend of mine to get From the Depths, and I never even heard of the game at the time, so I took a gamble and purchased the game. That gamble certainly paid off after messing around for a couple hours.From the Depths is by far the best Early Access sandbox game I have played so far. There are tons of features to choose from, and the possibilies are endless. I can see myself spending hours playing this game and still have a good time.This game has TONS of potential to be a really good sandbox game, and I can not wait until the full release of this game. The graphics may not be the greatest thing, and the UI and HUD could use some work too, but I can't say too much because it's still in Early Access.Final Score: 8/10A great sandbox game with tons of potential."
,Recommended,268650,19857639,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Wu Dangly Clan,I think I know how to make guns now
,Recommended,268650,27856433,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,✪OTXKU,"This game is the sheer definition of the term ""Just 5 more minutes"" I may not have many hours into this game but from what I can tell so far it has a LOT going for it. It has quite of a learning curve to master with alot of things but that's the fun thing about this game. It challenges you to evolve and adapt because I will tell you from experience enemies will get harder and its the most infuriating thing losing a ship because of a simple armor flaw. This game has made me smile, and made me wanna throw my keyboard out the window.PROS:+Boat physics+Very rewarding gameplay+CANNONS OUT THE WAZOO+Many different types of weaponsto dispatch your foes+Never stops challenging you to do bigger and better+VERY ADDICTINGCONS:-Learning curve can be abit much if your not willing toput the time in and learn-Ship balancing can be a tad annoying sometimes if you don't knowwtf your doing-It will eat your life, your dog, your family, it will consume everything you'veever loved in life and make you it's ♥♥♥♥♥. (It's addicting as hell.)CONCLUSION:This game is the single thing that allows me to express my love for battleships and naval power in that regard.If you like building ships and being able to control every little thing about how a ship behaves, build cannons that fityour specific needs, or wanna have fun building a metal box armed with frag missiles, PLEASE BUY THIS GAME.9/10"
,Recommended,268650,17151646,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,JrMcKing,"Well, What can i say. This is the first Steam Game i've ever bought and it is beyond amazing.-50hrs in still learning ( thats a plus for me )-Make your own EVERYTHING-Spend hours on a ship to watch it win or lose in mintunes ( reward to Risk) another plus.-Very smart game.-Updates alot"
,Recommended,268650,16664363,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zombie 1050ti,"For anyone remotely interested in building and engineering, this is the best $20 you could spend. The only negative aspects of the game are low fps from the early alpha builds, and the steep learning curve. Game is rich with features."
76561198062071891,Recommended,268650,14014719,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[EK] Artillerist,"Great game, thats how early access should look like!!!There is only one developer but i still didnt encounter a single bug in over 50 hours playing!!!There are hundrets of blocks, you can create turrents, AI, Planes, Submarines, Ships, Blimps and even Spacecraft!!!Also the developer is very active and comunicates through the game's forum, great guy!The performance is very good considering how much has to be calculated in such a game(3d block creation)!Also the whole building system is very very good, there is mirror mode, you can create prefabs and other helpful stuff.10/10, best early access game i encountered yet!!!"
76561198334599365,Recommended,268650,26758632,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TheMasterCheese,"My take on From the DepthsFirst, allow me to come out and say this, the developers of this game are on the verge of something big in my opinion. This game is truly special in three ways.1. It balances the complexity with the playability.This is probably the thing I love most about this game. Nothing is all in one piece. Everything from canons, to engines, to AIs must be built by the player, and can be built in any way that the player sees fit. However, at the same time the game is very comprehensive. At first the player may get completely lost in the complexity, but the wide range of tutorials allows for a quick understanding of the games mechanics, and allows the player to get in the game rather quickly.2. It merges sandbox gameplay with strategic gameplay.This game feels as though it is a cross between Minecraft and Command and Conquer. You command the vehicles that you built, and with eight different factions to fight, your strategies and vehicles change constantly to combat your foes strengths, and exploit their weaknesses. Everything you do or build is a strategic choice, which is what primarily makes this game so unique.3. There is plenty of room for creativity.Although the game is widely based on strategy, the block-based building allows for an infinite amount of possibilities as to what the player can create. There are nearly no restrictions on what you can or can’t build...so go ahead, build that flying unicorn you’ve always dreamed of!With qualities like these, the game is bound for greatness. If you (the developers) can maintain these three key traits, then you will likely create an extremely successful game."
,Recommended,268650,24143120,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Skooozz,"First, let me get this out of the way:The tutorials work, but they're ATROCIOUS.Quizzes?? I hate how if you get an answer wrong, like a real first-timer would, you miss out on experience. Also, quizzes! In a game! The tutorials that show you how systems work by building the model are alright but the camera control sucks in that too, try and look around AND click next.. you'll end up losing your view every time. Aside from those the game is unlike any other in the level of customizing and systems that can all work together! I love how I can do all this stuff."
,Recommended,268650,20981967,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Crescendo's Domain,"Put the cannon block down. Put a barrel on it. Put connectors on it. Put the loaders on the connectors. Put the ammo on the loaders. Put the thing that makes the cannon bigger on the connectors. Then shoot your mate while he tries to get his plane to fly level. If you want to build stuff and take over the world with it, this game is for you.Oh, and you can drop a rocket-propelled anvil on someone from outer space. Fun."
,Recommended,268650,24315896,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Something Fishy,"Extremely fun, in-depth (heh) game. However, I do not recommend you purchase this game if you want a quickly completed game. For those with lots of time on their hands, it is possible to do amazing things. Totally worth the cost."
76561198017920935,Recommended,268650,16416876,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DelsGaming,In short great idea for a game advanced block building and for those with patience and understand that things can get complex.First I will say about this game is that it is still in Alpha and you are looking at early access. This means there are bugs and not polished. But the gameplay is there and it does work.The game is regualrly updated and the Dev is responsive to players comments and issues as long as he knows there is an issue.The biggest tip I could give anyone is get on the officail forums and you will find a community willing to help and responsive to any issues you may have. If you don't tell anyone about tyour problems don't moan when they don't get fixed for you.Overall the building of ships with a physics implementation is a great idea and means that some very complex designs can be built by players. Then being able to pit that design against other peoples or the game created design makes you feel fabulous when your designs win.Checkout the varoious youtube videos on this game for tutorials and helpful hints.My own Video review of this game is below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDDIdSwOqqI
76561198020466747,Recommended,268650,23860235,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,HefeFoil,"Pretty much the game that many people have waited for. Allows you to build water-, air-, land- and spacecraft with customizable weaponry, armor and pretty much everything. You can then use your crafts to conquer the planet, fighting many different enemies with their own fighting styles. Gameplay is close to and strategy, escpecially RTS with action and vehicular elements aswell(as you can drive and use your vehicles yourdelf if you want)Pros:Unique gameplayHighly customizable all the way to the weapons(pretty much Space Engineers but the focus id in fighting crafts)Challenging and fun campaingDifferent scenarios for your tasteFreedom of choiceCons:Can be difficult to startBuggy time to timeMultiplayer not polishedCan be demanding for your PCCampaing can be hardOverall this game is great and has alot of potential. If you have a good enough PC and you like building your own RTS vehicles and use them against the enemy, then this game is perfect for you."
,Recommended,268650,20833666,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,woross,You can power up a cannon long enough for the shots to be larger than the target shipat least you can't miss that way
,Recommended,268650,24035021,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Monocled Falcon,"Fantastic game. Very difficult to get out of my head during the day. I always think up new designs that inevitably fail, but when I finally figure out exactly what I want to do, I am given absolute freedom to create it. This game is a creative person's dream, you can design literally anything and make it fight.Gameplay aside, this developer is the best developer I have ever seen in regards to community response and vision. He has created a fantastic world and is very responsive to the community. The forums are very active and seeing the crazy stuff they build gives me amazing inspiration. I've spent more time on the forums and steam workshop than I have on the actual game."
76561198166701764,Recommended,268650,21396095,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,かわいいふわふわ,"great game o3o.....VERY HARD to under stand at first, but uhhh great game"
,Recommended,268650,21550599,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,CaptainThrills,"The good:+ Many types of blocks to use, infinite options in creating whatever the hell you want+ Color Palette to select that exact shade of black you want for your 10billion RP battleship+ Rough but pretty well set up Multiplayer support+ Pretty damn good soundtrack for an alpha+ Skill points to level your character in both SP + MP+ Unique sandbox concept that works out quite well+ Doesn't crash when loading unlike some other big AAA games+ Linux/SteamOSThe not so good:= Could use some better SFX= Intense lag with many blocks (probably will be worked out later)= Bit buggy on inputs, but not that bad / gamebreakingThe Ugly:- go look at something else pleb"
76561198005000294,Recommended,268650,17471259,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Lia,"Recently bought this game with no real expectations and I must admit I am pleasantly surprised.Its always a gamble buying an Early Access Game but the developer on this seems to be very active and working productively with the community to make a polished game, you can see a constantly stream of updates on the official forums (not the steam forums).As with any Early Access the game has a few nitty gritty bugs, but nothing game breaking and certainly nothing to take away the enjoyment of the game. Multiplayer already works fantastic already at this stage and is most enjoyable when playing with friends.There is a multiplayer campaign which is rather fun, however the ""battle screen"" and how the game enters battles is a tad annoying at the moment, but I think this might just be a personal pet peave rather.Overall the game offers hours of enjoyment and has great potential, coupled with an active developer I think this is definitely worth recommending. It combines being a strategy game with build a sandbox builder, and it works remarkably well.Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,268650,24678433,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Snipawolfe,"This game is like the Dwarf Fortress of battleship sims. It'll take you at least a good 10 hours to wrap your head around the physics, ship design, weapon design, shell and missile design, etc, but it'll feel so good to watch or pilot your creation as it goes toe to toe with those who would destroy you. From the Depths is a creative and complex game unlike any other and I can't praise it enough. I've spent thirty hours tinkering with weapons and fiddling with a single ship design of my own and there's still so much more to learn. By this time with most games I'm looking to uninstall, but From the Depths is going to rack up hundreds or maybe thousands of hours for me. Buy this game."
76561198244870064,Recommended,268650,25004946,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Manster,even though im not good at this games its easily enjoyable
,Recommended,268650,24902825,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Hazerden,"[older review]Love this game there is so much to do and lots of fun to be had.[newer review]422 hours now and not a dang thing has changed and by that i mean if you have not tried this game you might be missing out on life right now if you like well put together sandbox building games you will love this game. Build a boat/ship, a base, a hellicopter, a plane, or a combo of the 4. there really is not much of a limmit to what you can build in this game not even the sky is a limmit you can go to space (kind of)  and the AI verry well put together as well. the game is always being updated and the Dev is active in letting us know whats next and takes suggestions.ok with out rambling on any more let me just say this i have NEVER found a game that i was willing let alone wanting to put over 400 hours in to and im not slowing down now. GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,268650,24385842,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Chaos,"One of my favorite games in my library, ive sunk almost 300 hours into this game and still find new concepts!"
19833754942098024,Recommended,268650,17016060,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,YOU GOT A HOLE IN YOUR LEFT WING,"Day 1: Having troubles making my wooden boat float.Day something after that: Having troubles making my metal submarine not float.Tbh its a pretty fun game, but it can be confusing at times.Overall i give it a 9/10. The physics engine is great, but it can be a bit... Weird.... at times. Like i said, building can be confusing at times. But what I don't like is that you have to unlock certain parts by doing campaign missions. But that isn't exactly a bad thing. It allows you to expand your creativity by making a working ship! Its a great game to play with friends, and blow up ships by planting ammo barrels on the deck of the ship.Or make the entire ship out of ammo barrels.That works too.Im not lying. I got with some friends and we put ammo barrels on the deck of a ship. And then we blew it up with missiles. It was fun.Also this game isn't for casual players who want to just clap their hands and a ship suddenly appears. You need to put effort and time into your ship if you want it to be good. Or you could just always load a pre-built ship...."
76561198125307644,Recommended,268650,19095040,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Kriegsmarine Königstiger,This game is really good im not gonna lie. the way it all works is really good the campaign is really good and everything in this game is amazing the graphics are basic but really cool but its a game that needs a computer that can handle itself.too many blocks or large ships results in a instant crash (ik this cause i have a not good computer and it crashes alot for this) sometimes rendering can be a problem as well but you never know what the game is gonna be like until you get itTrust me get this game
76561197988746050,Recommended,268650,22814809,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,nilocshepard,learning curve is steep but It is worth it if you like building and resource management games
,Recommended,268650,22363515,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Zoidberg,"This game is fun and has tons of content. It actually has so much content that it is overwhelming. You will probably spend the first day just learning the controls, then the next 3 years learning the features of the game.Don't get this game if you give up easily, don't like a challenge, or dislike reading.Do get this game if you like in depth strategy, enjoy lots of customization, and don't mind the steep learning curve."
,Recommended,268650,30305006,Posted: 3 March,all,Charlie Foxtrot,"This does what Robocraft fails to do: Sandbox, single-player missions, and is actually fun"
76561198142319273,Recommended,268650,17555577,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,reg,"So today I thought that I would write another review, and I thought I would do it on a game that I recently have really quite enjoyed, From The Depths. This game is for sure complex when first starting out on it and it has a large learning curve, but once it is mastered, it is a hella lot of fun. Basics of it is building your own vehicle, such as a boat, airship, plane, submarine, almost anything you want and then it gets raided by AI armies. Another great feature is that you can build your own cannons/turrets and customize them however you want. You can make it deal massive amounts of damage or have a crazy firing speed. It is so amazing how you can create such a variety of things from just a single block. I 100% recommend this game to those with a creative mind and are looking for loads of fun!---EDIT:Forgot to mention how many bugs there are"
76561198253379186,Recommended,268650,31453254,Posted: 29 April,all,King Meteor the 6th,This is a wonderful game for all who love to spend ours working on HUGE Projects just to see them blow stuff up. The physics is so powerful and accurate it just blows my mind. I personally love this game and hope they do more work on land and space vehicles (it's still good but could be GREAT) and finish working on the future update involving Nuclear engines (I know because I saw the tab when I took a look at the game's built in modding workshop)!
76561198044516972,Recommended,268650,24612290,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,maltheal,"this game is  the most complex games ive ever played im almost 5 hours into in and still cant start on that raft and build a working ship i end up blowing up (not sure why the lack of power blows you up yet) if you like unforgiving enemies and a real challange this is for you when i mean complex i mean like you will sit there scratching your head going how the hell am i going to build this to make an engine you have to piece by piece build it and without those tutorials GOODLUCK linking the AI together and setting up weapons im not sure i want to dabble in CRAM there you piece your own guns together well anyways buy it, its worth it or you puch your screen in confusion ether way :p"
,Recommended,268650,28295831,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,GentGaming,"I have 350 hours plus when writing this review, and all I can say is get this game. If you like building, explosions, or building things that explode, play this.P.S. this game has a hard learning curve, but just keep on making things and you'll be good :)"
76561198131956734,Recommended,268650,21965586,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Capkirk,"Like many other people, I initially assumed this was just another minecraft clone when I first saw it. Oh how wrong I was. When I first got it, after viewing a few youtube videos, I tried building my first ship. As you may know from reading the other comments on this game, it's learning curve is more like a cliff, and I started playing before a proper tutorial system had been implemented. So, my first ship barely floated. Not wanting to give up, I removed its weapons, and reverse engineered another ship I had seen on youtube to get it to work. Finally, after about 3 days of experimenting, I finally got I working, and watched as it destroyed just about everything the starting faction could throw at it. I still use that ship in my campiagns, hours of tweaking, testing and modifing mean its one of the most cost effective vehicles I have, and I have built dozens of variants.From The Depths has become my favorite game by far, and even after hundreds of hours, I am still finding new things to do, from submarines to spaceships, and has a very dedicated team of developers, who are seemingly always working on one thing or another. It does have a few shortfalls, such as its fairly basic sound effects, but all together it is a very good game, and is only going to get better."
76561198065317210,Recommended,268650,24927522,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Commandant,"Started off by watching a bunch of tutorials online, which helped immensely in the long run, and started making random crap, just to mess around.  Then I started the campaign, and I had no idea what I was doing, so I started spawning in several planes to make an Air Force, which then failed me miserably.  I then decided to make ships that could carry way too many resources than necessary, and had missiles and AA guns on it only, and that was my main battleship for the longest time.  I appropriately named it the Scavenger, and moved on to make another air fleet, consisting of several vintage WWII aircraft.After a long and decisive battle with a Deepwater Guard Airship, I ended up losing all my planes, and I had to retreat to my slow♥♥♥♥♥Scavenger, which I was attempting to transport to the Warzone.  At the time, I never undershoot what it meant to pull all my forces out of play, so I would idiotically wait onboard the scavenger, till it finally reached the Gantry I had captured in the previous battle, and there the airship flew, too high for me to hijack, which was my tactic for the longest time, and still is.  After accumulating more air forces and retrofitting P-51s with laser guided missiles, I engaged the airship.After what seemed like a few minutes, the airship fell to the ocean, and I hijacked it and destroyed every last component on the damn airship.  I scrapped the ship and used the reassures to make a tall spotting tower, which aided me in discovering where I actually was on the map.After numerous engagements, I set my sight on what I thought was a military land installation, and I attacked with everything I had.  Long story short, I lost almost all my P-51s (which all crashed into the ground on their own, because I assume the AIs got drunk) to find out it was just a fishing village.  Go figure.After many more days of planning and attacking, I finally beat the Deepwater Guard (after making a carrier and War Ship), and decided to make the best and safest headquarters for my nation.  It took me forever, but I was satisfyingly awesome to walk around the halls of my very own Capitol in the end, with the flags of my nation flying proudly overhead,Long story short, this game has almost infinite possibilities when it comes to just doing whatever the hell you want.  I haven't even scratched the surface of it all yet, and it's exciting to figure out how to make new things, like lasers (which I actually don't know how to make yet), or even CRAM Cannons (Because Advanced Cannons are life).  I would definitely recommend this to anyone willing to learn how to play it, because it does have a huge learning curve, but that's not entirely bad, in fact, it's pretty much a part of life.  So consider this game to be a fun, yet important life lesson.I would play this for as long as I could, if life altogether would allow me to."
,Recommended,268650,22207946,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Dan,This game is one large and complicated arms race. My favorite game so far.
76561198133608021,Recommended,268650,23218910,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Gary,I love this game but I think it would be better if it had a dedicated server so I can play with my friends
76561198091924143,Recommended,268650,24923946,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jarednavy,"If you enjoy games like Simple Planes, Minecraft, Besieged, or any Naval/Aviation game, You'll Effin love this! It's an awesome combination of the above, plus it's in an advanced category of it's own. I only have about 40 hours on record currently, but I see that number rising. Immensely. Don't let the complexity of it scare you off, watch some tutorials, do the in game learning sessions, and just play it. It will hecome easier over time.Good job Devs! Please keep it up, don't let this gem become one of the countless dead alphas on Steam. I'll recommend this to anyone, great game!"
76561198060801507,Recommended,268650,24282795,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Bloodbunny,"This game is freaking awesome. Build pretty much any type of vehicle you want (though it is definitely geared towards ships) and send them to battle against an array of player made contraptions that will destroy your ship in 5 seconds.Once you climb the learning curve, the game gets really fun, and you can find yourself spending hours and hours designing stuff. If you have any interest in naval warfare, or vehicle design, get this one for sure.Still not convinced? Visit their forum and find one of the nicest, most helpful communities around. Have a question about a design? Instead of ""pfft, get gud nub"" they will actually explain the mechanics behind it, and improve your blueprint if you upload it for them."
76561198155709485,Recommended,268650,29183895,Posted: 11 January,all,SirOctups,Pretty good but needs to be more complicated...
,Recommended,268650,24587735,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Crisp Rat,"Dont get this game if your not willing to climb the learning curve.This game is the best block-based vehicle game i have seen so far. Not only can you play a campaign with the ships you make, but you can create your own guns.You can either have a tiny scout ship with a small turret on it,or a huge battlecruiser with huge caliber (i hope thats right) cannons on it that can one hit an Urchin.You can customize your missles,You can customize your shells,you make your own engine,you make your own cannons,this game has delivered to us what no other game has, PLUS its an RTS!Well worth the money i spent.Once you get past the cliff of learning, its all green pastures and cool streams."
,Recommended,268650,26675811,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ConixCentrail,the game is fun. I love how you can use Ships Planed even Ground vehicales.
,Recommended,268650,23872028,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Blady John,I like this game. Generally: 8/10Pros:-Exciting-Satisfying-Has big workshop-Devs do great job-Variety of parts-Great configuration possibilities-A lot of tutorialsCons:-Too high learning curve-A bit poor graphics (but just a bit)-Needs more lore-Weird crystal-clear water near ship when using air pumps
76561198056932676,Recommended,268650,24047824,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,tokumeiko,"i got annoyed durring the first mission because the pirates blew up my steering wheel (again) i promptly solved the problem by swimming out to the bugger that did that, shooting the floor to reveal ammo kegs, jumping overboard to avoid sharing the pirates fate, hijacking the smallest pirate ship, ramming the third pirate, getting back to my ship to find my repair bot had managed to replace the wheel before someone shot it, and ramming the remaining pirates since missiles are too slow and getting to the check point.best. tantrum. ever."
,Recommended,268650,22196993,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,8Z,"A deep strategy sandbox game, where you can build, like, HUGE ships or planes.The tutorial makes life easier, and if you like designing stuff go for it."
,Recommended,268650,24615767,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Svifter,cool
76561198319438867,Recommended,268650,26305252,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Raiderac,You know it can be good for those types of people who likes building and all but for the one's who like's action games like Arma or something than this might not be your game.
76561198018578688,Recommended,268650,24923402,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,JauntyElf,"My review of From the Depths isnt awesome but the game is. See others reviews for quality writing, play the game for hours of fun."
76561198075064765,Recommended,268650,26137076,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Nomae The Jester,"This game has an awesome amount of freedom and fidelity with every build. You want to build a to-scale Bismark? Go ahead. How about a Man of War from the age of sail, but with a massive two-tone laser? Why not? Apache Attack Helicopter? Check. A massive airship, the likes of which the world has never seen, that remains aloft using hundreds of thrusters? Yep. Now tanks, racecars, and mobile bunkers are a reality as well.The fact that this game is still in alpha blows my mind. The idea that there will continue to be more and more content added to this already wonderfully deep and complex game is fantastic.Don't let the complexity put you off. Building a raft bristling with homing missles, for example, is quite simple and effective. And who doesn't like to obliterate their foes with swarms of missiles streaking through the sky?"
,Recommended,268650,24651133,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Uthael,"Updating this review...Pros:- Player feedback is asked for and listened to- They're adding player mods that are deemed good into the game, accelerating the development by letting YOU participate in it.- Customizability^4- Actively developed- Coop / vs with people you invite- Great tutorialsCons: Some graphics things:- No graphic transitions between land, water and vehicles. You know... Eye candy that pretends to be physics.- Inventory is just text, no fancy images (icons)- I'd like to see some permanent effects on the terrain if/when I crash a flying fortress into it. (EDIT: Turns out the code for terrain damage already exists, but it's turned off. Dev response was about new components taking priority. Can't blame.).Don't get scared off by ""hard to learn"" reviews. Your in-game failures don't make you angry because there are no serious consequences. And if you DO get angry, you get to know the reason and the solution for it. There's no grinding for days to get what you want. Your progress is not limited by the hours you put into the game. This also means that if you don't progress at all, the game won't punish you.For example, I went into designer mode, built my boat, spawned some enemy ships, got obliterated in seconds, sunk my character to the bottom of the sea and spawned some planes and submarines of a third fraction to destroy the one that killed my ship. I could respawn my ship at any time but I enjoyed watching their combat with camera detached from my character! There are A LOT of other designs you can watch do battle. Or spawn them as your own and reverse-engineer some things :DYou can also go and do different story missions and scenarios. You can set the difficulty EXACTLY the way you want it. Ever bothered you that enemies on ""hard"" do more damage than you with the same weapons? You can tone that down or even turn the odds in your favor. You think that salvaging enemies is unfair? Make vehicles worth less or no resources when destroyed. Etc.The game is Alpha. Might get more expensive upon release. It doesn't have a demo version so I waited for it to come on a big discount. Bought it on 80% off and I have a great time with it. Worth the full price. Might buy it again if I convince a friend to play it someday."
,Recommended,268650,20824428,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Elusivity,"This game is really leaps and bounds ahead of its competetors, and has some great potential, but there are a few issues...6.5/10Pros:-Fantasticly fun battles-Very 'free' style, build whatever you want-Excellent price point-Good variety of different parts-Great community-Finishing a build that works is very satisfying-Dedicated developersCons:-Poor performance (This is mainly because of how ahead of its time the game is)-Ugly texture and UI-Very few options-Hard to learn, much much harder to master-Poor tutorials-Has a very 'dated' feel to it, possibly because of the aesthetic style-Becomes frustrating quickly, and with such a small player base, finding solutions isnrt always easy"
,Recommended,268650,24391502,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Hoxha The Revisionist Ravager,I have over 1000 hours and i still can't make pretty boats goddamn it
,Recommended,268650,24719214,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,VaeVictus,"Build a shipBe proudTest itFix the mistakes and balance it (will be necessary, I guarantee it)Be more proudPut it in the front of the fleetWatch it sink in less than a minuteFeel less proud10/10 Would feel insecure about my engineering skills!Jokes aside, this game has one of THE BEST communities out there as well as the immense playtime potential. This is simply a masterpiece where you love to learn things the hard way. I could not recommend this game enough for those who can get past through the steep learning curve, but then again, if you ask me, that is a great ""natural selection"" in the game part, basically all the unnecessary characters of the 21st century are extinct here, hence the amazing community."
76561198049774888,Recommended,268650,24956917,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,connecting...,"10/10  The BEST sandbox i ever played. Nearly 700 hours and still lot of things to try out or even master.With learning can help few youtubers:  Lathland, Robbaz, TheBudkai, ireLAN ..."
,Recommended,268650,24226962,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,K. Ostwind,"Professional tip: Always watch videos on a game before getting into it. Especially this one.From the Depths is a hard target indeed. Takes a lot of experimentation, trial and error. But as many people before me have already said, once that's all done and through, you will truly know what it means to be the architect of a nation's destruction.Fair warning, even after all this there's still a strange control scheme unique to this game which takes a while to get used to. Plus there's always the risk of framerate drops. If you're worried about whether this will run on your machine, it's probably best to wait for a full release. Even if you're not, it's likely a good idea to wait anyway because changes come thick and fast for the most part, and you probably don't want the irritation of having to get a refund because the game doesn't start for x reason.Still brave enough to have a go? Then sally forth, and let the gun porn rain down upon your face."
76561197996969959,Recommended,268650,29111380,Posted: 8 January,all,acantoni,It's an amazing gamein Early Access since ages but the game is definitely playable like a sandbox for building fighting!Awesome modes and really deep in the construction options
,Recommended,268650,24788237,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,TehPickyGamR,"I love this game and I have had it for a while now. Devs updating quite frequently and single player is very stable at the moment with no bugs in my game.  But the multiplayer is absolute rubbish, with game crashes, failed connectivity, and high latency.  While some might say this is my poor internet I've seen many people report the same thing without any answers to there problems.So in conclusion,The single player works perfectly but the multiplayer is a issue still to overcome for this game.  Besides that I highly recommend this game, I have close to 140-ish hours clocked into this game so it must be doing something right."
,Recommended,268650,23208278,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Spoonikle,"Super deep, complicated, building game. Great combat, active, helpful, mature community.If you liked making stuff in garrys mod but hated the servers crashing and minge bags - This is your game."
,Recommended,268650,17884041,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,WE WILL TAKE JERUSALEM,10/10 would recreate 9/11 again
76561198030004418,Recommended,268650,19921417,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Gladyon,"I've spent over 300 hours in the first month after the purchase, so it's avery good investment for the given entertainment.I'll begin with the cons:- Beware for your social life...- This game is in no way finished, and considering that it's a one man work, it will continue to evolve for years.But, there are rumours of modding support that's coming in, and with the actual community I'm sure that will accelerate the development drastically.- The game is laggy with huge creations or when there are too many missiles, and I honestly don't think that will improve a lot, it's a simple matter of ""people always want more"", so if the game is optimized, people will make bigger creations and launch more missiles.- The game is complex and without the help of the forums and youtube tutorials it is not even possible to know where or how to begin.- I mean, the game is really complex, you've been warned...So, why did I spent over 300 hours in a month on this game?- After the first 15-20 hours, things begin to fall in and you understand the most important mechanisms.- I'm a builder, and this game is about building.- I like to have the possibility to create complex things, and this game is just that, you want to add a cannon? You have to build the cannon piece by piece, trying to find the balance you need for this specific cannon and this specific ship and I love it!- You can automate some actions/reactions (not enough for now, but the game is expanding month after month...).- I love ships.- I love submarines even more (and I did not even began to build one!!! I want it to be perfect so I continue to learn how to make better ships...).- The creator is dedicated to his work and he is very present on the forum (10.55 posts per day from him on the forum, and all that while working hard on the game).- The potential of this game is HUGE. So many things can be added that I know I will be disapointed because everything that is in my mind will not be included in the game (but with mod support... who knows...). Anyway you can only be disapointed by something you like, else you don't even care, and I definitly like this game.The point is, if you like legos, building war machine, destroying war machines or watching huge explosions and bits of vehicules falling appart, then why are you still reading this?? Buy the game, and play.Thanks to Nick Smart, the author of this game, you're wonderful!!"
,Recommended,268650,27057351,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shadowhunter992,"The game is very fun. You're completely free to create whatever type of ship, plane, helicopter, submarine, airship or spaceship you want, though you have to take in account water and air drag, weight, bouyancy and so forth.You can also design your own laser weapons, cannons and missiles, which makes for a very varying selection of armaments you can choose from.The game is quite challening to start though, the learning curve is quite steep. It's nothing you can't get past after a few hours of playing and watching a youtube video or two though."
76561198022035721,Recommended,268650,29045712,Posted: 5 January,all,mad marko,"Note : THIS GAME IS ALPHA STAGE AS REPORTED BY DEVELOPER : This game is a physics simulator for engineers, but its fun.  The game is currently stable as of 2016 jan 03, it will likely not remain stable, and have many bumps before it even reaches bata.  That being said, you can simulate ships, planes, and space ships in the same instance, I hear it supports multi player.  This is a good way to learn the basics of ACAD, and other simulation software used in the real world, but its fun!  It already supports modding, but because its not really released mods break between updates (as they should for an alpha).There are some strange bugs, and I play on a M-Tech laptop (the most stable and fastest laptop built, and will smoke almost all desktops).   The community is very active for this game, and are helping to push its development.  I would imagine that lots of features have not been  added, and if the developer iis smart, has not even started performance tuning, and it plays well."
,Recommended,268650,28718788,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,⎠⎞BunneHikari⎠⎞,"You are only limited by your own thinking. Put enough effort into anything, and it can happen. Most dislikes come from people that have yet to even touch the surface of this vast and deep ocean.This game can be as hard as you like untill its like DF 'fun' or it can be super easy. You play how you like, and you can choose to challenge yourself in any way, or just cheese through everything. Have fun your own way. If something doesn't exist yet, there possibly is a mod for it, or a plan to add it.The devs are very active in fixing bugs and trying to add new content. It is a game made by someone that wants their game to be fun, not for monatary value."
,Recommended,268650,16418888,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Treecone,"A wonderful game. If you can crawl past the steep learning curve this game has, you will have a blast and have nearly infinite replayable value. Developer and forms are active, and the game is getting new updates often. I have high hopes for this game in the future, with it's many diffrent multiplayer modes, dynamic caimpain, and level designer where you can put together a living world where the factions (consitting of the ships that you made and put together)  will go around creating bases, fleet and baracades to win over the map. You can play the ships manually making it a action game, or put AI on them and turn it into a stratigic skrimish where you send multiple fleet at once to engage the enemy. Constinting of airplanes, boat, subs, spaceships, and many other possable builds (hopefully land based vehicles in the future) I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,268650,14453972,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,didyoudidyou,"Great game, super fun and creatvie, but it requires lots of work to get used to the controls. After about 1 hour though I had them down and could start playing the Campaign, which, by the way, is AMAZING!"
76561197990946780,Recommended,268650,22623505,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cairo,Probabaly one of the best builder games i hae played so far. Good Depth of design in many aspects. not for the faint of heart.
76561198162422945,Recommended,268650,25614240,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Dreadthrone,"Amazing game. It certainly has many issues, but once you manage to learn how to build the critical systems it's a blast to play."
,Recommended,268650,24819631,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,IronFox,Its a good game if you are good in math and english
,Recommended,268650,27577805,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thorz44,I have no idea what im doing but im haveing fun!
76561198238139934,Recommended,268650,24524193,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,freezeytitan,"I highly recommend this game, i just love the way you can build whatever the♥♥♥♥♥♥you want, plane? sure! sub? of course! mutafukin space station? why the hell not! if you enjoy building something of your own creation then with that same creation, beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥outa other peoples creations, all whilst making yours better. SO FOR cRYIN OUT LOUD JUST DOWNLOAD IT ALREADY!!!!P.S *in quiet voice* also can somebody add me im very lonely and love to play this game with people, thank you <3. :3"
76561198079433466,Recommended,268650,17543312,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,YoungNuggy,Orbital Death Laser...11/10 IGN would play agian.Takes some time to get used to building and resource consumption but blowing the ♥♥♥♥ out of something from space is amazing.
,Recommended,268650,17327310,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sir Harpington,"One of the best block based vehicle builders, well, ever. UI is clunky, game is very taxing (I can barely run it), and the learning curve is a bit steep. But, if you actually give the damn thing a chance, you'll be glad you did. Most of the negative reviews are people who played the game for less than an hour and said they couldn't figure out how the game worked, or they didn't like the UI so they gave up. UI is odd, yes, but again, you get used to it, and it works in the end. It's not a bad game because you can't figure out how it works."
,Recommended,268650,31728849,Posted: 13 May,all,The Average Gamer,"God, were to even Begin. First of all, I give this game a 9/10 personal review score.From the Depths or FtD is obviusly a sandbox but what makes this one diffrent from so many other vehicle and mechanical sand boxes like Scrap Mechanic, Space Engineers, Besige, etc. is that From the depths allows you to build pretty much whatever you want so the only limit is your imagination. In order to make this review shortish, im going to overlook only the main features of the gameCampaign: Campaign mode is really fun if your the stratagy type person who sunk untold hours into MechWarrior or Age of Empires or any sort of Real Time Stratagy game. Its even has some story to it to give the campaign some meanging and ""depth"" (sorry I had to XD). But quick word of advice to any new players, the campaign is long and very hard even on easy difficulty, I reccomend a good 20 hours in the Designer building your fleet before attacking the DWG.Designer Mode: This is were the fun begins. Designer mode acts as creative mode where you have limitless rescources to build your ships & planes & helicopters & tanks & subs & spacecraft & airships & etc., and you can even spawn other ships on other teams to see how well it fights. Its good fun :).Devs. Commitment: FtD is a HUGE GAME which is why its still in early access but definetly worth to grab right now and definetly on a Steam sale. Each update the devs release are always well made and ready to download and play. Theres almost no bugs in the game suprisingly for something of this size which is amazing! And the Devs are always happy to help with technical issues.Probloms :( (every game has them)Theres only 1 really big problom and its the ammount of time it takes to understand and learn how everything works but it is fun to try new ideas even when you have no physical idea how the F*** to build a Cram Cannon or a Laser.playing the game: This is shown in the game itself but I want to show it here so you dont need to buy the game and then find out, There is a Mouse building option and a Keyboard building option, Mouse obviusly works better with people (such as myself) who play games like minecraft or terraria. Keyboard you have to learn how to use, some say that building with keyboard is faster, I dont honestly know cause I'm a mouse person but you can find out for yourself if you do so incline to use the keyboard to build your really big battleship of Ultimite Dread.And that concludes my reviewSorry I didnt make this short, oh well :)"
76561198138132897,Recommended,268650,24895943,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,LobsterFest,Steps to die by your own ship's turretsStep 1: Build a giant ship with two 456mm double barreled guns at the frontStep 2: Spawn an enemy in vehicle designerStep 3: Realise it spawned behind your shipStep 4: Not realise that there is enough space between each cannon for them to hit each other while firingStep 5: Panic as the front gun shoots your second gun in the backStep 6: Watch poorly placed ammo boxes tear your ship in half like the titanicStep 7: Cry at yourself in embarrassmentStep 8: UninstallButt UU really this game is absolutely amazing even though it isn't complete... PS if the makers of from the depths are reading this I want the custom cannons back in the game plz :)
,Recommended,268650,24899790,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,romanaionas,The concept is great and nicely executedExtremely replayableTHE best Sandbox i have ever played9/10
,Recommended,268650,25240312,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,WaIuigi,"The fact that it is a very flexible sandbox is what gets me. Even though it has blocks (no circles for the charm of it), it is still a creative way for designers, hobbyists, and engineers to indulge in their imagnation. Nothing stops you from designing a submarine, ship, building, land vehicle, aircraft, or even spacecraft. It literally lets you free from the strict limits of the real world (except physics of course). That's why this $20 dollar game is a bargain."
76561197967244540,Recommended,268650,24774434,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,RinValak,"Very intriguing so far.Unlike most games nowadays, you actually have to learn how to play this game before actually playing it. Luckily, there's a wealth of in-game resources to teach you, including: step-by-step demos, in-game tutorial sessions, and quizzes after each section. Yup. Quizzes. You get EXP for getting questions right.And that's all justified, because FtD is a very complicated and deep game that gives you a ton of flexible tools to play with. Far more difficult to learn than anything like Space Engineers, so if that was too cerebral for you--avoid FtD.I'm still doing tutorials and learning how to play at the time of writing this (5hrs), and I'll write more as I go.EDIT: I still really don't understand how to 'play' the game. Still recommending, just go into it knowing that it's got a very steep learning curve. 2 steep 4 me."
76561198026976953,Recommended,268650,21504602,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tier,This game gives You opportunities You didn't know You wanted.
76561197961170114,Recommended,268650,13962367,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Null,"I bought From the Deapths four days ago, I think. I can't say for sure, time is a blur at this point. 66 hours clocked and two obsessive, sleepless nights later, I am still infatuated with this game. I ran out of cafeen an hour ago. Maybe I'll get some sleep tonigt. Maybe. Probably not."
76561198147264162,Recommended,268650,27319753,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BRH0208,"Well, Did I like this game.. I have played almost 1000 hours of it... I Praise it constantly... I try to get everyone to play it... Yea Im obsessed.This is a game where you can place your fleet, not only can you place your fleet you can design the ships, not only can you design the guns you can design the BULLETS THEY FIRE!!!! It has a small story but it is easly overlooked(It never thrusts it apon you) With MANY MANY MANY items and okay graphics, the main world(Neter) Is so large It is verry hard to explore the whole world(Only been to the edge once), and when your done, there are more worlds, and when you explore those(Something I havent done(Yet)), download some easly from the workshop, and when those are done make your own in an easy to use world designer. If you like stratagy, this game is for you. If you like sandbox, this game is for you. If you want to have huge battles on a collosal scale, do so. Do whatever you want. and after all I have done, I still havent beaten even one of the numerous campaignes, or most of the many missions, AND I am still bad at designing ships in one of the many sandbox modes. The multiplayer is amasing with many modes you can play with your friends worldwide. What can you make? Airships, Subs, Boats, Fighters,Bombers, Scouts, Planes,The occasional Walker, Spaceships, Tanks, Fortresses,Blimps ,Ramming Ships, Nukelear Kamacazi,Structures, Helicopters, Hover ships, Sailing ships, steam engings, fuel engens, lazers, cannons, Shields, Missiles, ect. You can play with limited resorce or with limitied volume, or not. You can make it easy, or not. You can win diplomaticly, or just go in cannons blazing, you can blow ships up or break in and take them, controll your ships yourself or give the AI Some power, you can play with detectors like radar scanners or heat sensors ect all fully implemented with realistic physics, some blocks are more expensive but block EMP or block HEAT Shells, Or give of more radar signature, angle also effects radar and the chance of a shell bounce, the game has a slight learning curve issue but that is an upside for me because it is a chance to experement in a game that is updated constantly adding new features with a fully fledged steam workshop. The game has amasing controlls that are game specific but that can be overridden if you so choose. I could complement this game for hours. I personaly like finding ship weaknesses and building ships designed to use the weaknnesses of the other ships. If you like dodging flac in a nimble fighter or just tanking it out in a large hovership, this game fills all of the gaps and is the most sandbox game I have ever seen. with its senario designers the world is at your fingertips and I recomend this to everyone. Expecialy if you like sandbox, or stratagy, or exploration. And all the stuff I said, is just the tip of the iceberg of things you can do in the best game EVER. I could continue complementing for hours(I think Im repeating myself) just watch some videos on it, try it out, and get the game and you will understand what I mean"
76561198134549149,Recommended,268650,24943254,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Freddy The Green Fox,"I'm not one for tutorials but after I did them (5 or so hours into the game) it helped my (very) simple mind grasp all but laser. FTD is a great sandbox my one complaint is explosion physics however much they are hilarious and insane they do get annoying, other than that a tutorial on warp drives might be helpful."
,Recommended,268650,19702966,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,PlotTwistGamer,Is a really great game! But sometimes VERY BUGGY!!! Only for good computers!!!
76561198305790613,Recommended,268650,24481863,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Zyklon B,"A learning curve that will kill your brain if you don't like building complex systems. Once you learn that, you have the best building game ever. 570 hrs totally worth it building the most stupid looking and ugly ships and guns. Would Recommend it heavily"
,Recommended,268650,29994071,Posted: 17 February,all,Night,"From the Depths can pass hours upon hours and can be so much fun. I bought it back in 2015 and never really played it until I decided to start roleplaying. Now I play 2-3 hours not even just roleplaying but improving the ships I built. This game is so much more complex than what you first think, I love it. Also an amazing soundtrack!100% buy it, best sandbox game ive ever seen.10/10"
,Recommended,268650,31566694,Posted: 5 May,all,Neldonax,"Perfection, you can do anything you want (if the engine can support it). This game never loses out on the fun, it has everything a simple game needs (sadly, it doesn't have nuclear cannons).The factions are fun to play against, my favorite are the White Flayers.I'd rate this a ""why am i even alive, i tried to hang myself yesterday""/10"
,Recommended,268650,26806403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gremerpolice {} csgolive.com,I really enjoy the free buildind and sandbox mechanic and i think the devs have done it really well
76561198219169393,Recommended,268650,27539076,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Lost Pyro,This Game Is Just addicting and fun aswellBecause i love this game this is some of what happened to me.*I Made regular ship that kinda sucks*I Made Ship that randomly became a submarine*I Made A Floating Subarine with A TON of missiles (it didnt sink properly)*I Then Turned It Into a Powerful Airship (And I Say Worth)If You dont have paticence of going through tutorials and watching tutorial vids dont play this(Go Back to Minecraft hippie)
,Recommended,268650,35251079,Posted: 27 September,all,AggressiveRock,"Fantastic game, for an alphe.It is a very thorough game, with some of the best aspects of creation I have encountered. You can spend hours screwing around in the designer, or in the campaign.  The campaign may barely have a storyline, but there isn't a complete lack of purpose in it. If you aren't feeling competetive, you can just go to the designer, and make a pretty boat, or a 7 barrel 200cm gun. Whatever you may wish.Be that as it may, the game is not flawless. It is still early access, so there are still a number of glitches that make the game difficult to play, and you may want to stop completely. I've come to this point, but I just kept playing and found that it was actually worth it.The main area of poor gameplay is multiplayer. This is because the multiplayer is very young, and undeveloped. This means solely that you must be patient. The result is definitely going to be worth it. Even with the half broken multiplayer, the difficulty is surpassed by all of the fun you may encounter when cooperating, or communicating with somene while you shred their fleet.All in all, I am fantastically excited for the future, as for the amount of development time that was put into this, you get so much, and later, I cannot imagine how much better the game will become."
,Recommended,268650,34421107,Posted: 22 August,all,ChillingCammy,"While I will keep my first review below (it was negative) I've sunk enough hours in to admit I love this game. It wasn't easy to get into and I still think the tutorial and story missions need to be reworked.... ...but geez... this game is cool. It was worth my money for sure.The thing I love most about this game is troubleshooting my design in the builder. Most of my hours have been spent pitting my designs against each other and the built in ships. It's the best feeling to see the more recent version of your favorite destroyer rip the older version to pieces. I have also enjoyed the campaign, although I haven't gotten into it as far as I would like to. Capturing and controlling resource regions (and defending them from marauders...) makes for some of the best strategic gameplay I've played in a while. Seeing your designs succeed against the enemy is so satisfying and great fun.The voxelated building is a great. The variety of blocks lets you build in great detail. I decided to learn the keyboard style vs. mouse style, and while its not perfect it is worth giving a go.The Advance Cannons are VERY cool. While I found them frustrating at first, the satisfaction of figuring out how to implement them was worth the learning curve. While CRAM cannons are simple (yet not ineffective), I really liked the customization of designing my own shells using Advance Cannons. Worth learning to use!Although the AI is customizable I find myself turning off the movement function of the AI and commanding ships myself. The AI is very capable of using weapons but doesn't navigate well. There is an option to write programs to control how ships move (which is pretty sweet) but I'm not so technically inclined. The AI for enemy ships seems pretty well done so this is likely my short coming and not the game's.This game isn't perfect yet I am confident it will improve like a fine wine. I found myself very frustrated at first but kept coming back every day to improve my ships, and to do battle in the campaign. The two hours steam gives you to try this game won't be enough to learn how to play, so check out some gameplay videos before you buy!WRITTEN AUGUST, 2017:About halfway through the tutorial, and I know I'm stuck with the game as I've sunk over 2 hours into it. I want to like it and will keep trying to learn. However, there are a few huge problems with the tutorial (which is definitely necessary to approach a game like this)The format seems counter intuitive. One mission you piece together a component, the next you are looking at a basic 3D model of that component. To present concepts other way around could save much frustration, as knowing which way a piece goes is not always obvious.Randomly I cannot place pieces, specifically on a mission where I am assembling a CRAM turret.Maybe I am just a noob turning off attachment nodes but I have found myself grinding my teeth in rage from it. In addition, I have experienced random units attacking me at inappropriate moments (such as 5 seconds into a tutorial on how to pilot a ship... rebooting the tutorial seems to fix this but it is overwhelming to be sure) (CORRECTION AS OF SEPTEMBER 2017:I WAS A NOOB. PRESS ] TO INTERACT WITH A PART PLACED ON A ROTATION BLOCK)The writing in the stories seems very strange and childish. An early mission has you fixing an engine, while ""your dad listens to ticking missiles and your mother works the pumps""... you're a robot and no one else is aboard the ship. Maybe this will be fleshed out in future releases. This mission was also strange in that you are attacked by pirates and instructed to fire missiles, immediately after coming to grips with piloting the ship. The missiles fly out the back of your vehicle and underwater... it is not at all obvious where you are shooting and if you have hit anything. To top it off, after the mission a quiz question points this out as if it was a good learning opportunity in how not to build missiles. I mean I just learned how to build an engine and can barely pilot a ship, now I'm suppose to digest avoiding pirates, shooting missiles and proper ship design so VERY early in the tutorial? I found it pretty discouraging.I guess my point is the tutorial needs to be reworked. There's too many typos and bugs abound.I'll keep playing, I want to like this game! (I DID KEEP PLAYING. SO WORTH IT)"
,Recommended,268650,17822352,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Bear,"This game is a very unique build. It doesn't have to challenge your mind as most great creations were accidental. Once getting the hang of everything (Wich doesn't take TOOooo Long) Like building engines Etc. , This game becomes one of the best out there even in Alpha.Completely worth the money (Even though the download is only 400 MB)10 Gabens out of 12 StatTracks."
76561198209989561,Recommended,268650,22547455,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,haldemand2021,This game has a different feeling then the usually type of building game
,Recommended,268650,23973653,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Xplatnuim_WTF_XD,Battleship 2016ver
,Recommended,268650,23914634,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ghost_Ship_Supreme,"This game is awesome, and the tutorials are really helpfull, the game also has different planets, story modes, adventures, and creative mode with a designer! It's worth the money if you like strategy, building, or blowing stuff up with missiles, rockets, lasers, bombs, railguns, particle cannons and more."
,Recommended,268650,22075815,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,HerobrineofNotch,"While this game may be very frustrating at times and is kinda hard to learn, it is worth it when you make your first working plane, laser, cannon, whatever. It has ridiculous customization, so you could if you wanted to, have a giant boat that looks like a sheep fighting a submarine that looks like pikatchu that spawns miniature goat subs.The campaigns people make can provide a challenge, too. Don't get too mad if it crashes... it does that alot.From the Depths has a very friendly community. In all the time I've been on the forums, very few arguments really arose... and most of them were really stupid. They will usually help out with a problem that you have... unless they really can't figure what you did.This may sound like me rambling on, but don't just sit there, questioning your life, and if you should buy the game. Do what Shia Labeouf would want, ""Just Do It!""    Not sorry at all.It is a really rewarding game if you can be patient and can learn. (There are people who just hate this game to hate it. Seriously, look past the flaws. There aren't many developers for this game. If I remember correctly, some of the community members work on the game too.)This is getting a little long... well, boohoo. Just try the game out, it's really fun, as I've said like 10 times already. (A little exagerated on the number, but I really mean that you should get the game, person reading this review.)(P.S. My FTD Forum name is HerobrineofNotch. I'm not the kind of person who goes on everyday, even if I was, I wouldn't have the time.)Bye!"
76561198133069949,Recommended,268650,22094334,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Fred V,this game is a really good navel game its not where you have to but premade ships you make them the way you want them and you can make them YOUR style........its a great game!(you should buy this game).
,Recommended,268650,22112234,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Audie,"Fantastic game. Looks simple but can be very complex if you want it to be, and has very satisfying gameplay. Only thing I would like to see is a more complete tutorial to explain the most complicated aspects of the game"
,Recommended,268650,22119547,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,MonkeyLordV,"The Game is a very fun game once you understand it. It starts off with a very steep learning curve, however once you understand the games mechanics, you will loose many house being engroced with the game."
76561198049040922,Recommended,268650,22091561,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Cythphn,"From the Depths is perfect for people who want to build and test things for their own reasons and a lot less perfect for people who want a game with a clear objective or progression system.Nothing new here for a sandbox game; people complaining that there isn't anything to do, just because they didn't go LOOKING for something to do, forgot to take a look at the tags under the description of the game. If you DO go looking for things to do, you'll find that there are, in fact, meaningful things to do with your creations, such as:- Entering them into a tournament;- Playing through the campaign using them;- Playing through the story missions using them;- Creating a custom campaign filled with them.Not to mention the possibility of creating custom LUA AI code for the vehicles you make. There's potential for hundreds, no, thousands of hours of fun here. For only 20 euros at the time of writing, that's a much better deal than a thousand hours of film, a thousand hours of lecture/literature, a thousand hours of other games... you name it.Of course, to get so much out of the game, you'll need to do some work yourself, too. Not only will you have to look for things to do (tournaments, custom campaigns, etc.), but you will also have to learn to play the game. I must warn you: learning to create all the possible vehicle types and making them work well took me a good 200 hours, if not more. This means you have to be prepared to learn. And by learning, I mean learning through trial and error.The learning experience, however, is fun. That alone would be enough of a reason to recommend this game, but the best part of the game very definitely is this: building your creations, of whatever kind you choose*, for whatever purpose you choose**, at whatever time you choose: there's a great deal of freedom and a lot to do here.*Submarines, boats, helicopters, airplanes, hovercraft, spacecraft, fortresses, hydrofoil surface-skimmers, completely unrealistic flying behemoths, land vehicles with jet engines because wheels don't work yet (update: now they do, but steering is complicated)...**The campaign, story missions, custom campaigns, tournaments..."
,Recommended,268650,33982876,Posted: 2 August,all,Bear_Operator,"This game should totally have more people. Get it.....From the Depths is a great game that is enjoyable at almost every skill level, it suffers from a case of way to complex and difficult to understand, but is still worth it. Build Boats, guns (gunboats), fortresses, orbital death lasers, space planes, submarines, underwater bases, hovercraft and probably other things I'm to noob to know about.This game is great, more people should have it."
,Recommended,268650,27388596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mortazel,"Not for everyone, but awesome for builders! If you dont mind the learning curve (watch some YouTube tutorials to help), and like to build and tinker - this is the game for you! Still in Alpha, but very fun and playable in its current state."
76561197989110729,Recommended,268650,26531271,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Zhoppo,do you like building your own Ships/planes etc?you will love this game if you dobut  it is not very simple  since you have to build everything by yourself  including engines and weapons even the shell design! and because you have think about center of mass/ drag stuff like that it takes some time to get stuff working
76561198085278359,Recommended,268650,21594504,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Wolfman55000,one of the greatest games ive ever played it take a while too figure the game out but after that the game gets very exciting.
,Recommended,268650,21543696,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,artemus_Z,"absolutely amazing game, if you have spare 25 hours to learn all of its concepts get it!11/10 would pay again"
76561198014773226,Recommended,268650,12701957,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The Prophet,"This game is awesome, I had been waiting for a game like this (that works) for a long time. Old school RTS feel, resourse gathering, building, and everything is super customizable, everything mostly is programable, I almost forgot all the explosions, silly me. if burgerking was a game this would be it. Have it your way. Its in pre-alpha. I cant wait to see what these awesome devs will put in the final game. If i had to use a bananna for scale this game would be the bannana. Most of the negative reveiws if not all for this game have played it less than 3 hours. I dont know how you can make an informed decicion in 3hours about this game."
76561198067710802,Recommended,268650,19887850,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rip jackson :(,"really well made, for an early access game, close to no glitches. i hope to see updates keep coming out regularly"
76561198083066499,Recommended,268650,29138028,Posted: 9 January,all,eizo,Its awesom. It took me about two hours to know what im doing but it gets real fun. You can become so creative with this game. The only major problem is that you can`t play the game if you dont have a ENG keybored. If only it lets you edit ALL the key bindings. I had to buy a new key bored for this... Other than that its fun.  You should check other people play the game firs.
76561198131376114,Recommended,268650,11868556,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Retro,"I think this game is good but is too complex, well I dont know really mabey once a person gets the hang of it they will get it but I didnt. It just takes too long to actuallly build a functioning ship. But except all that I think it is great, it is much like other sanbox block games."
76561197970436838,Recommended,268650,12021665,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,aliengmr,"Think Space Engineers, but...different.That's the simplest way to describe this game. The concepts are ""roughly"" the same, but From the Depths (FTD) goes in an entirely unique direction. Most notably with AI.There's a bit of a learning curve, but its well worth it. If you like Space Engineers you should own this. As far as I can see this game in criminally overlooked. Its at an early stage, but there is a helluva lot of game here. There's story missions and even a sandbox campaign, assuming you can pull yourself away from the vehicle creator. There is quite a lot of stuff you can build too. Its really more than I want to get in to.Suffice to say that if this sort of ""sanbox block-building"" interests you, own it, simple as that, just own it.As for its early access development. Pretty sure this is a one man show (I think), so don't go expecting weekly updates. However, the developer does respond frequently and engages the community. Like I said there's a lot here already so its more than worth the price."
76561198014241544,Recommended,268650,12103608,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,wooaa,"Great game! I have spent nearly 30 hours on the game so far, and that is me just derping about in the builder menu! AI is good, although I have noticed that they always seem to shoot for the players robot, and with a bit of work that can be exploited, but that is me just nit picking as it is an alpha. Building in this game is very easy, once you get the hang of it. I was used to building games like Minecraft and Kerbal space program, so I was initially off put by the building interface. However, once I got the hang of it I could build rather complex boats with out too much work, it was that powerful. The ability to save chunks of craft, like turrets and engines you spent 7 minuets designing, then paste them later is an amazing tool that I have only seen in Kerbal Space program. My one real criticism is that this game, as befitting is complexity and depth, does have a bit of a learning cliff. Luckily there are good video tutorials online, including some made by the devs. I have seen betas and even full games that are less complete then this. And the fact that there have been 3 smallish but very useful updates in the last month,  makes this one of the best games of the year.TL:DR  amazing game once you get into it."
76561198006695331,Recommended,268650,11958415,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Evil Overlord,"very creative but also pretty darn hard to figure out the first day you decide you play, if you like creative games and dont mind that it does not have ultra pretty graphics and you like the genre, get this game"
76561198144344441,Recommended,268650,23342425,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,quickkie,really fun when you play with friends you can make lots of cool ships and planes
,Recommended,268650,13256025,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Viivrabe,"a fantastic boat building simulator with tuns of ways to make customizeable craft.dose not matter if you want to be above teh water, below it, or upon it its a fun game that i will probably continue to sink many many hours into"
,Recommended,268650,26880609,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BritishViking,"THE absolute best building game I have ever played.Hundreds of building components, thousands of possibilities, once you get past the (kinda) steep learning curve, you unlock a lifetimes worth of replay value. From the depths (heh) of the ocean to outer space, the only limit is your imagination.10/10, would play another 1000 hours"
76561198087845627,Recommended,268650,26352011,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Torwulf,"First of all, i must say i love this concept and think this game has great potential. Though it is imperfect as of now, I have many hours in this game and recommend it to anyone who likes to design there own things. My only real complaints are the detection system takes up a lot of space, making smaller ships much more difficult to build. It also has a very steep learning curve and even half way though my first playthough i still didn't know everything i need to know about different parts and how they combine with other ones.As of now, i would say this game is a solid 8/10, With potential to become a 10/10I had issues with the game do to my computed being connected to a work server, which is why my steam record is only 0.5 h, In actuallity my gametime is closer to 700hours"
76561198231061660,Recommended,268650,29079291,Posted: 6 January,all,Morty,This game is great if you love thinking hard and like fixing things. and i do. you can build anything you want8/10 will get shot at again
76561198023211868,Recommended,268650,13848512,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SaltedScrub,"Quite simply an amazing game, can't wait for further development - space combat looks promising!"
76561197987807620,Recommended,268650,13818379,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Kryb,"fun game, loads of hours fun for ppl hwo like to buld thir own boat´s, airplanes, ect ect"
76561198100602814,Recommended,268650,30792382,Posted: 28 March,all,tarnished_star,the best game ive ever played totaly worth the money
,Recommended,268650,32729672,Posted: 24 June,all,Chassan,"I spent three hours learning how everything works.After that, I spent two and a half hours building a superbattleship.I put eight five-hundred millimeter guns on it along with twenty two-hundred millimeter secondaries and sixty-four five-meter missiles.I called it the Amaterasu III then used it to wrest control over the seas and conquered half the ocean.10/10 would build superbattleship Amaterasu II again.EDIT: My friend later bought the game as well.I spent about a half an hour teaching him the functions of all the blocks that he wanted to use.He built a galleon.I still had my superbattleship.He beat me before I could turn my guns around because he had over a hundred cannons."
76561198322843564,Recommended,268650,32260020,Posted: 7 June,all,eragon123,this is a vary good building game that you shoud play if you like to build fight and you like a challonge
76561198046451391,Recommended,268650,13865350,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Bubb Rubb,"Good concept but VERY VERY early in devolpment.As of now, The negatives outweigh the pros, But I got a good feeling this will change in the near future.The controls for building really need polishing, The physics are pretty bad as of now and there is very few ""blocks"" for building.But why recommend it? Because there are regular updates, Great dev to player communication and an excellent concept.This is the kind of EA that deserves finacial backing, Not games like Dayz, Stomping land or whatever else is released and forgotten.As of now, The game is a 3/10... Upon completion, This could be an easy 10/10."
76561198106308414,Recommended,268650,22986601,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Cubey70,Careful if you play this game after playing team fortress 2. I learned the hard way you can't make a conga line with ships.
,Recommended,268650,27965076,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jinstu,Game start30 mins tutorialplayed 1 round died 20 timesanother 3 hours tutorialstill died3 hours more tutorialknow how to build a engine10/10 tutorial simulator
76561198147851000,Recommended,268650,15399052,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,furioustep197,Best Game of All Timeinfinite/10
76561198001610801,Recommended,268650,20508671,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SolidSnek,"I dont think i could reconmend this game enough. Currently one of my favorites. The learning curve is incredibly difficult and even after 200+ hours i still struggle with making effective aircraft and airships but this is also what makes this game good as there is still something you can learn after so many hours. The advanced cannons are amazing once you figure them out and with the planned updates the developer has I feel they will be quite balanced. The developer is incredibly commited and squashing bugs that are posted on the forums in matter of days. The community in my experience is also very positive and offers tips without putting your designs down. The AI to start with is incredibly easy to use and understand to make your ships work and then with the introduction of lua and PID controllers if you know what your doing you can make them more effective.If you pick up this game, expect to put time into it before you build something that doesnt get wrecked easily. my best tips i can give for starting out is pay attention to center of mass and try to have it below water line for ships. Learn the advanced cannons and watch irelan's and rugers tips for building them. Missles/torpedos for starting are also very good."
,Recommended,268650,20975998,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sentiinel,This game is just amazing!
,Recommended,268650,32036637,Posted: 29 May,all,Dead meme,just good fun.
,Recommended,268650,26378959,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,GOUST,"From the Depths-	Not many games allow for such in depth vehicle customization and versatility as From the Depths. In this world of endless possibilities you are placed inside the body of a very creative protagonist robot named ""Rambot"" who is given a roll dependant of his situation. There is multiple campaigns to play through, all vary in difficulty, story, enviroments, and enemies. Along side the story mode, there is the vehicle designer where you are able to create and test your various inventions. Starting to feel lonely? Yes!? Well, there is also a multiplayer mode where you can play exclusive gamemodes with your pals!-	From the Depths has limitless creation possibilities. If you can think of any Helicopter, Jet, Boat, Battleship, Submarine, Tank, or Fortress, chances are that you can build it, and have it be piloted by an AI, or yourself alternativly. Along with being able to create your own monstrosities, which they probably will be at first, you can also build *almost* 1:1 scale replicas of any real vehicle. With the wide variaty of 400 different blocks, many different materials, and millions of different gun creation possiblities.-	With being able to create anything you can imagine, there are also very many ways to put your inventions to the test! With the 4 campaigns to play through, there are hundreds of thousands of hours of content to be played, though it must be noted that the campaign modes can be buggy and unplayable on occasion. With that being said, there are various enviroments to explore. ""Neater"" is the most complete planet with a very large and complex story driven campaign where you must defeat all of the opposing forces and grow your army of Artificial Inteligence controlled vehicles. You will face very many different factions that have their own building style and stories alike. This campaign may take hundreds of hours to complete, it is all dependant on how fast you learn to create effective combat machines, and manage resources.-	There is also a very incomplete multiplayer mode where you can play with as many friends as you'd like... or handle! There are very many party modes to play such as; Tower defence. In the Tower Defence mode, you must hold down a tower from various enemies with limited resources, so you must think quick. You may also battle Artificial Intelligence controlled vehicles with your own vehicles with the company of others. Campaign mode is also availible to play with your friends if you'd like.-	From the Depths is truely a unique game with very a creative solution to the vehicle/voxel building game genere as a whole. With endless building possibilities, hundreds of different blocks, and lots of weaponry options. Not only is the game fun to play around with, it has an incredible amount of campaign and story content to explore and learn about, with many different worlds, and variety of enviroments. With more updates, From the Depths is slowly getting even better, with lots more interesting content being added monthly. The developer truely loves his game and cares about what the community has to say, taking any- and all advice and seeing if it would fit the game. After 280+ hours invested into the game as of writing this review, I can say I will be playing this game for many years to come!"
76561198101315665,Recommended,268650,11619225,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,EvilMichael,great game if you love to build and demolish the compatition so support them through there stages and ill see you in the air (theres not only air) i just pilot
76561197971055606,Recommended,268650,24617778,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,TeeJay,"Allmost 400 hours should say that this is a great game. If you like engineeing stuff... :)HIGHLY and WARMLY RECOMMENDEDPretty steep learning curve at start, but so is KSP, wich is a game i compare this one to"
76561198207785995,Recommended,268650,32419586,Posted: 14 June,all,Vorpalim,"From the Depths has an ardent community filled with experienced members who are willing to help with any problems you may encounter, all you need to do is ask. Visit the official forums and join the discord server for the best experience finding help.The learning curve can be quite steep, but with a bit of personal commitment as well as support from the community, you can quickly learn the basic structure and function of the many systems available to build. If somehow there's no one around to help then there are plenty of faction designs included with the game available for you to dissect in order to understand the system(s) you want to learn about."
,Recommended,268650,24536451,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,justgivemeanamegoddamnit,"In 6 hours of game, I've accomplished 30% of the tutorial, and believe me I worked hard on that.Come on if this doesn't give you an insight in how much there is to do in this game, then I don't know what else I can do.(tutorial isn't mandatory, but you'll soon realize you can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥without it)"
76561198105526957,Recommended,268650,22152826,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,[spicy memes] jessjabb,"It can be a little frustrating to learn, but once you have learned basic building and AI, you will have a lot of fun playing single player, or multiplayer with some friends."
,Recommended,268650,20903311,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Admiral Obvious,"I love this game so far, and the process/progress so far that has been done by this developer.Very rarely do you get a developer that actually responds to suggestions. This game alone can be considered a gem for that reason in my opinion.The game itself is a voxel style build e'm up. You can literally build anything from spaceships, submarines, battleships, helicopters, hot air baloons, and more, as is evident in the game description. As long as it makes sense in terms of physics, and common sense, you can build it.Admittedly, the game is very complex. Most get turned off by the ammount of completely this game has (as you can tell by the majority of negative reviews). I admit, I was too. Uninstalled the game after about 2 hours of trying and failing to build a dinghy. Came back to it a month later, and haven't stopped since.The designer mode, for me at least is where most of the game is, as I like to play around with the mechanics of the game, especially since they change almost every other day on the dev test build which I'm subscribed to.The campaign mode is relatively simple, but pretty fun. At the moment, just ""kill everyone"" to win. It takes a quite long time to do this, so you needn't worry about that.Edit: The developers are currently implimenting scaled down campaigns, so instead of you versus everyone, you get to be one of the base factions against a different faction.To be fair, there is no real sense of ""balance"" in the game. That's not to be taken as a bad way. Everything you, and your enemy has has a hard counter designed specifically to beat it. Enemy has cannons? Use shields. Enemy has shields? Use missiles. Enemies have missiles? Use lasers. Enemies have lasers? Use smokescreens.The only potential issues with this game at the moment of this review are that it still uses the slightly antiquated Unity 4 engine, and the bugs/performance that goes with it.The only other, honestly fair issue is the lack of depth in the tutorials. They cover the bare basics, and that's about it. Admittedly the game gets updated basically every other day, so it's going to be pretty hard to nail down a tutorial until you at least get close to finishing the game, and I won't hold that against the developer, especially since the in game encyclopedia-learning center leads you out to all the resources you can think of to learn the game.The community is small, but very active, and helpful, as is attested by the size of the workshop, and always will help you with any issues you may have with this game.I would wholeheartedly reccomended this game at full price, and even more so at sale price.P.S. My review doesn't cover multiplayer. It's usually unstable, and largely unfinished, so I'm not able to fairly justify a review of it. It works until people start to desync, and then it usually breaks down. This isn't a game that's designed around multiplayer, but may be in the future."
76561198108645640,Recommended,268650,12883909,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,AussieAusti,"I love the game, i got it a couple days ago, i start to understand everything. today i played 6 hours, when i was gonna stop it said i couldnt save because of the update.. so i lost 6 hours of playing this game, and in my opinion the update just made it worse. its to hard to find someone and attack them now.. but i still recommend it :)"
,Recommended,268650,12975770,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,policeiu,To start off let me say this game has A LOT of potential. In its current state it does have a decent learning curve for new players. The camera controls can be a bit akward at time but gets the job done. I would highly recommend getting this game. This game is very playable in its current state. The battles are fantastic. There is a MASSIVE ammount of prebuilt crafts. Right now I would give the game a 8/10 but it is ALPHA so I consider that a great score.
,Recommended,268650,13322814,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,#ffffff+52,"Perfecto for a early access game :Dcomplex, creative, sandbox, huge and whit weapons"
,Recommended,268650,12914430,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Nordak Balrem ESQ,I've only played for about a day but I'm hooked.  It is a little difficult to figure everything immediately but it is worth the learning curve.Pros:Well flushed out mechanicsAI works well depending on how well built the ships they are pilotingexcellent construction optionsexcellent gameplayCons:32 bit limits the size of battles before cpu lag becomes a factormultiplayer is as of yet unfinishedsteep learning curve
,Recommended,268650,24272144,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Captain Kirk,"Ships, Guns, Planes... That is all!"
,Recommended,268650,24518633,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,SquidDroid,"Well, this game is Incredible, its has a steep learning curve, but once you are past it, it provides unlimitited hours of fun!"
76561198006689068,Recommended,268650,24540153,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,harnas1977,"One of my favorite games ever. Minecraft meets Battlefield. Learning curve is steep at times, but very rewarding. Already full of content and stable but features are added all the time."
,Recommended,268650,24552511,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Fazzan,"A gem, if you like building vehicles. I tend to mainly build ships, but you can also build subs, planes, helicopters, floating fortresses etc.You have to balance weight, lift, resources and power.Made that ship too top heavy? It will roll over.Filled the ship with lead? It will sink.You design the ammo the guns use. Want penetration? Want it to explode after penetrating 3m of steel? Want HEAT capability? You can have all that and moreIf you like the designing ships (and things), you'll spend hours upon hours in the designer. I've spent more time in the designer than in the campaign.I recommend this game, even if you have trouble with logic and spatial awareness; You can train your brain to an extent."
76561198013132245,Recommended,268650,17619150,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,huminado,"After logging about 10 hours game time, mostly just designing BOATS THAT FLIP OVER AND SINK VERY EASILY, I finally started playing the campaign.This game seems to be the most detailed RTS concievable.  Build your units block by block if you want to.  Build your resource collecting block by block too.  Build engines and tinker how many cylinders, how many crankshaft sections, where to place carberators, more suerchargers or more local fuel tanks etc.  Listen as the torque capacity goes up and the RPMs go down!Warning: The learning curve is rather large.  There are still non-intuitive parts of the interface.  For example, if you try to put a gun together, you might have components that aren't contributing anything just because of where they are placed, and I'm still learning to master these nuances.  Looking at a block shows whether it's connected, but it doesn't glow or somehow make it more obvious at a glance - you have to double check.Same for engines - it's a balancing act swapping out a supercharger for a fuel tank to see if the power capacity goes up in unforseeable ways.  Maybe eventually this will all make sense (like an ""aha!  that's because there was only 1 carberator there and not 2!"") - but right now for me it's all very mysterious and fun.  :)Another Warning:The build mode also has a concept of what is being editted, which isn't clarified by the tutorials that I had gone through, so if you want to change a gun in the middle of changing the ship, I was scratching my head why it wouldn't let me place blocks for the longest time before it made sense.I'm sure I have not fathomed everything possible in this game, but it is meting out a great feeling of satisfaction discovering all it has to offer.--- FINAL WARNING ----The game really does move heavily in the direction of ""serious games"".  These are games which try to simulate real world problems.  You can program Lua scripts in FTD, and you may want to, if you have that sort of time at your disposal.  Personally, I start to wonder if I couldn't be spending my time better programming in the real world, rather than in the game....  your mileage may vary.  :)  Chin up!Also have a look at the very detailed models available in the workshop.  There are 1:1 ratio replicas of historical battleships and ...  lots more."
,Recommended,268650,21712064,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Quard,"-Spends 6 hours designing the absolute perfect cannon, expect to annihilate my enemies.-Cannon is too large, boat flips over.-Expand ship, finally have decent balance, ready to try again.-Ship now needs more propellers due to its larger mass.-Add propellers, ship now needs a larger engine to keep up with it.-Build a larger ship to incorporate my engine.-Finally works, begin game ready to destroy everything in my path.-...-...-Forgot to add ammoProgramming simulator 201610/10 would sell my soul to Satan for a working ship again"
,Recommended,268650,23986312,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ThereShallBeWings,"If you enjoy building structures, vehicles, aircraft and watching them blow other creations to bits then this game is perfect.While I admit it is an Alpha, it has a LOT in it, but it does keep changing. Not to mention how complex things will seem to a new player; there's a lot to learn, but as with any challenge, it is great when you succeed -- and this game is no different.Purchased on a whim to get a few hours of gameplay with a friend I was dissapointed when the multiplayer didn't work properly for me ( this was a personal issue, and no-one else seems to get it, so don't worry ) I decided to try the AI campaigns out, just for a gander, and From The Depths quickly became in my list of most played games, at 300+ hours and still rapidly rising the challenge this game presents is formidablle for even the best of players, all the while being perfectly capable of overcoming it.There is a massive customizability in each ship, tank or whatever you create. I shouldn't realise say 'customize' as you get no set pieces, you get blocks, 1 meter, 2 meter or even 4 meter sloped glass blocks against Explosive Reactive Armor. Each has benefits that are detailed. They aren't simply placed on an 'armor' preset number, each block handles the fire it takes differently, being deflection, completely stopping a shell / missile all the way to being ethereal.The customization comes in the form of the weapons you use. There are currently four weapon types:CRAM Cannons: These are your artillery-type cannons. Although perfectly spammable by your choice, these cannons are commonly used as slow-firing but incredibly powerful area of effect devastators. And will more than easily create an explosion capable of tearing vessels in half.Advanced Cannons: These more modern-esc cannons are used as either Anti-Missile, or just Anti-Everything, you can set them up to destroy shields, penetrate armor and burst molten copper into a vessel, EMP areas or flat out blow things up. These can be gatling guns or massive 300mm + Destroyer cannons completely at your personal discretion.Missiles: Great for getting past shields these again, very extensive weapons can be used in a variety of ways, be it super-fast Anti-Air or Massive anti-capital torpedoes.Lasers: Never really delved into these personally, but they haven't been left out the by the developer, this weapon system can do serious damage and are just as useful as the others.Speaking of developers you can see just how active and knowledgable the developer is in the scene of creating games by looking at the From The Depths forum, where you can see updates, suggestions ( Which are not negletected) , other players builds from typical modern-like creations to vehicle representations of the Kraken.All in all a VERY diverse game about blowing things up and creating what's on your mind.After 3000+ hours in Minecraft 'cause I'm a scrub I thought I'd never want to build anything again, From The Depths taught me other-wise."
76561198131870189,Recommended,268650,23965874,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Abrams,"Astonishingly good game. Prepare to worship the developer, as I have. Keep up the good work! To those who have not bought this game and enjoyed it, anyone who has patience and a creative mind should. It has a very steep learning curve, however, so be ready to drop 50 hours into enjoying how to die."
,Recommended,268650,34105029,Posted: 8 August,all,Vault Dweller 111 | tf2,Just... Wonderful
76561198131106273,Recommended,268650,26120952,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,WebbedReaper³,"Well, in my opinion, the learning curve is pretty extreme. Im only 1/2 of the way through the tutorial, and there's alot to still learn, but i love it! it has a great consept and extream detail, LOVLEY!"
,Recommended,268650,26196261,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ciaranhappy,"Game is good, good game, good well made, fun game."
76561198079566034,Recommended,268650,34617885,Posted: 30 August,all,ⒻⓇⓄⒹⒺ,10/10
76561197981583806,Recommended,268650,30811455,Posted: 29 March,all,Kiska,"First experiences without much knowledge about the game (Here at the ocean, with my new raft);Proceeds to install a wooden beam to the side of the raft.> Raft explodes.Proceeds to make an engine, while presuming it can't possibly be that difficult. I've played Minecraft, you know.> An explosion caused by the engine. This kills the raft.Proceeds to quit the game due to lack of intelligence required to succeed in it.> The game states that I am a noob and a dumb-dumb for rage quitting.I'm going to make this game my ♥♥♥♥♥ for insulting me. I will prove it, that I am the most smarterest."
,Recommended,268650,32281249,Posted: 8 June,all,Spooky Slasher,"its a bit hard to learn, but once you get the hang of it its really fun"
76561198153384387,Recommended,268650,32450662,Posted: 15 June,all,2Polev,Game is dead but i keep on playing it.10/10
76561198244224672,Recommended,268650,26361688,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Vebz,"After 10 hours played, still dont know what im doing.But I like it, it challenges me to think, and be creative, try to figure things out bye trial and error. Of course it can be frustrating when your finished with a five hour build and it truns out it doesn't work.But I think its a fun game.Its worth the money in the long run. its easy to just sit down and play, before you know, you have just spent the last five hours building somthing that doesn't work. Good jobI enjoy this game, the same way as I enjoy Minecraft. The building, I dont even know how many hours i've but into minecraft, but its alot.One thing to note, is that I've still not played any of the campaignes, because I want to make ship that actually work."
,Recommended,268650,17635125,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Khorne On The Cob,Friend told me to buy this game.I died... alot... 10/10
76561198094793981,Recommended,268650,11652345,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Crazy Rattlesnake,If you like building things and watching your creations get nuked by and OP army of the Deepwater Guard your gonna love this game to bits. (on the plus side at least you can save your creations so if they get destroyed you can just respawn em for the same cost you made them for). The one downside is the tutorials but other than that one of the best games I have ever played and I have played hundreds worth every penny!
,Recommended,268650,18058273,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,House M.D.,Well as for a early access game its a very good gameheres why:-First of all the game is very addictive once you know how to play you can spend hours on it-Second this game is the best early access sandbox game for my opnion:build your own ship or plane or whatever you likewith misseles guns lasers and more crazy stuff with a cool battle mode as for an alpha game its very good!-As well there are few downsides like the game is hard to learn etc... but once you learn it you will be amazed let us dont forget its still early access so you cant expect super amazing tutorials yet you have cool comunity-Workshop. Well I like the steam workshop on any sandbox game but here its the next level make your own campaign your own battleships realy whatever you thinkso as for early access its 9/10 very well done job!
76561198164954665,Recommended,268650,25706657,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ziggiwilson,get it or die
,Recommended,268650,13358774,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Havok,"Been a whille since I've played,the best piece of advice i have for this game is Just. Don't. Rush.Take it slow, this game has a bigger learning curve than ... well... everything else like it.The parts are complex and have to fit right, you have to manage Weight, Size, Shape, Weight distribution,  Boyancy, both Aero and Fluid dynamics,  and on top of that, Speed Vs Location, recoil, turret weight, lift, momentum, resources, and so much more....It is essentially ""Science the Game."", more so than space engineers, or any Sci-fi build and survive.As for those of you who claim ""Minecraft"", Well guess what. . . .GET OVER YOURSELF! Minecraft wishes it had all of this in it.Yeah, it's based on blocks. do you see Steve runnin' around?  Can you build a 4K block wide and 10K block long air ship that has 400 missiles on 3 different platforms that all have different explosion types? No. No you dont, and cant.It's not Minecraft, dont compare it to minecraft.  Thats like compareing GTA:V to Saints-Row IV.Similar games, H U G E differences."
76561198010760769,Recommended,268650,12951839,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mecham,"This game is every creative person's dream. It's for those who grew up pretending to have grand battles with paper airplanes, legos, and other toys. Basically you can make whatever the hell you want and have them destroy things. The developer is active on the forums and listens to the community. This game is everything I could've hoped for.10/10 GOTY"
,Recommended,268650,13107561,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Deep_Thought -AO-,"This is neither an easy nor forgiving sandbox, but if you make a point to stick with it and learn the fundamentals of the game the rewards worth it.   As I write this review it is still an early access game but shows promise as it continues to grow and expand.If you think it is fun putting your creations into a skirmsh  with various opponents and see how they thrive or fail inspiring you to improve on your designs or create better ones from scratch.   You'll have to learn all you can at making efficient and effective designs if you want to surive and not break the resource bank.   Making vehicles that compliment each other and work together is crucial and challenging and expect to spend lots of hours learning by doing.When starting out I'd recommend watching videos on youtube and understanding how things fit together it's not very intuitive and there are some thing you simply need to know before you set out.  The In-game tutorial is helpful as a leap off point but you'll still want to study others designs either on the workshop or those placed by the developers in game to get get an idea of 'how do they make this work?' and go from there.Test and retest, trial and error is key here, don't expect to master things in a day or a week even, there are so many possibilities and generally if you can think it you can build it, the big question usually is if you should.The only gripe I had is that he interface/controls take a lot of getting used to and feel clunky to me, but you can remap keys and such to something more to your liking but there is still room for improvement and as it is still in development I am sure it willl there have already been strides in this regard so I have high hopes for it.This game may not be for everyone but if you like sandboxes to play in this certainly fits the genre and is worth a look."
76561198125511761,Recommended,268650,11879992,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Trance,"I can seriously recomend this game to anyone I meet, whether you like action ar creation. The action side to this game is slow when you're in the campaign mode, but once you start up the designer thats when it gets fun. Now keep in mind, you have to build a boat first. Once you've made a boat or found one from the Workshop just press X and you now have a GUI letting you spawn in any enemy you want. After you've played around with the designer and decided to open up the campaign you now have a large challenge infront of you. The campaign mode is amazing, that about sums it up. The building mechanics are a bit confusing at first. but after you've mastered them its very fluent. So, to sum this up, this game is creative, fun, and challenging."
76561198140483459,Recommended,268650,23945216,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TORTELLINI!,this game is dank
76561198186675301,Recommended,268650,23945617,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,GlasShadow,Fantastic sandbox game and so much more.  Great AI combat.  Although Complex at first this game has one of the best building systems I've seen.
76561198193288867,Recommended,268650,32687691,Posted: 23 June,all,Vice2K,When you buy it takes a while to learn the controls
,Recommended,268650,22731001,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Eralsk,Sand.
76561198049793747,Recommended,268650,23147530,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Korhaka,1: Start game2: Build a mighty warship3: ???4: Ship is now defying orders and being submarine.
,Recommended,268650,29901747,Posted: 13 February,all,The original slothy bastard,"What is this game? It's the ultimate naval ship building game that just so happens to have excellent aircraft and ground vehicle construction as well.Everything is considered with this game, drag, buoyancy, center of gravity, everything comes together to either make or break your designs. And that can be a serious problem for people who don't have the mindset for this type of game. And I'm not talking stupid people I mean the kind of people who could probably be engineers if they wanted to should play this game.Everything is complex, and not in the stupid way. Every part has a role, every component has a job and it's up to you to use them to produce truly devastating weapons to crush your enemies. Do you want to make a 10 barreled 500mm cannon? Go for it, have fun finding a ship that'll use it but you can do it! Want to recreate the USS Missouri or the German Bismarck? You can do it. Want to recreate the Space Battleship Yamato? You can do it. Complete with giant laser cannon and all.This game also has a really robust and active steam workshop community which is a huge plus in my book.The UI needs work though. If you do buy this game, please please please don't write it off because of the UI. Because once you learn the quirks it's not bad to work with.So do I recommend it? Absolutely."
76561198028562490,Recommended,268650,25650212,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,rashed.s,"Yes it takes time to learn how to play this game, but it absolutely worth it, in fact that is where the most fun come out :)"
76561198210330129,Recommended,268650,25424345,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Bombabiel,"I normally don't write reviews for games because it often isn't worth the invested time but here I am going to make an exception.The reason that I am writing this review is because I have noticed that the developers of this game are truely dedicated to this product, the game is constantly being updated and new (meaningful!) features keep getting added.Now besides how noble developers are from that aspect, that does not sadly guarantee a good game, in this case however it truely does!From the depths is a great game in which you build ships, fleets and even (space)planes to assure your dominance of the seas, it's a game that lets your imagination run wild as long as you know how to play it. The game sports decent physics and has great battles, did I mention elements of strategy gaming?There is however one big 'problem' that this game has, it is a big time investment, it has a steep learning curve and perfecting your ships is going to take a while. Now don't worry, there are tutorials (bit of an understatement) that will guide you all the way to the hardest mechanics, just don't expect something light when you play this game.All in all I wouldn't recommend this game for players with a short attention span, but if you have enough time, like being challenged, like battleships and love customization in games, then this one is a must buy!"
76561198034580117,Recommended,268650,24041460,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jester,"it is like minecraft but better, it gives you really a lot of freedom.you can spent hours on a single craft making it nearly perfect if you wish to, but you don't always have to.however it can be quite hard when you are new to the game. From the Depths had quite a ""learning curve""overall, i'm glad i played this game"
76561198144169319,Recommended,268650,25940095,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,mrduck81,great game bit of a steep learning curve but that shows depth (laughts at owns joke)
,Recommended,268650,29725369,Posted: 5 February,all,Far | eVoipTV,I saw Robbaz play it and it was pretty neat xdd
,Recommended,268650,25714784,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Aristt,11/10Would cry again.
76561198062185129,Not Recommended,268650,31364504,Posted: 25 April,all,peter.schneider.127,"Tried to get into it two times, finished a few tutorials but it didn't catched me. One review reads ""Once you hit 200 hours, everything starts to get really fun as you understand the fundamentals of this game."" I do not doubt that. Also that you can have fun before you hit a month of 24/7-gaming. But the beginning is really slow. When you only spent 1-3hrs every session you probably need a week before the gameplay sucks you in. There is some gamification within the tutorials but it wasn't enough to keep me on track several hours before being able to do the most basic stuff.Don't get me wrong: if you are ready to invest the time it will(*) pay back. And 20€ for a game were you can dump hundreds of hours in is a good deal. I'd payed more for less and was happy.(*) very low play time compared to others so this is an assumption. But reading the other reviews I tend to believe that. I do not regret the deal and I will come back and try it again ... two or three times ... maybe four. Also, maybe the starting phase will be improved as the game improves. Do not skip this game just because of this review. Just be warned: you'll have to spend some time before it's fun."
,Recommended,268650,12067894,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Micheal Your Man,Totally worth 20$A very awesome physics gameedit: more fun with the workshop
,Recommended,268650,17438087,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Lego Zergling,a brief summary of how this game kind of is after a while:1: Start up a game and select Vehicle Designer2: go to make a simple boat for travel and realize how complex it really is3: end up learning what the X key does in the Designer4: spam♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of units on an enemy faction and then spam similer amounts on your team5: go afk for 30 minutes or longer and hope to god your game didn't crash in that time6: gain tons of exp and levels and then slowly get more stuff for your character7: notice how much isn't in game yet but are neat and fun ideas8: end up flipping your keyboard possibly by how much is in the game for building stuff10/10 best game ever and it has space too :D
,Recommended,268650,12369912,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,AURIC,10 out of 10. This game is absolutely addicting even if you have only the slightest hint of creativity. The sheer amount of things you can create adds depths and diversity to it. I think the devs should focus on getting new content out there before they start polishing up the game.
76561198048073495,Recommended,268650,27450831,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Garry,"I have lots of experience with different kinds of ""building games"" and so far this is atleast one of the best ones. This game has different kinds of weaponsystems, vehicle types and you can fell it when your building skills get better."
76561198138936455,Recommended,268650,27547505,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Monodactylus,"This is a game about making giant boats, putting giant cannons on those boats and making them fight to the death in the giant ocean."
76561197984769282,Recommended,268650,12709199,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Ekron,"This game takes learning. There's no denying that, you have to learn how to play the game before you can have fun.However, when you do it's a surpsingly amusing game to get sunk into. The problem i find in the long run, is that the single player at least is very shallow. You don't find yourself doing much other then building big things and wrecking stuff. and if you can do that, whats the point of going further? This is not, however to say i didn't have a huge amount of fun seeing how large a gun i could fit onto the chassis of a shipThe game is reccomended, but i really really needs the Dev's to look at the control system (which is difficult for newer players) and work on getting the multiplayer functionality going. Once that's working, it has the potential to be a great game! (take the main kind of mission setup, lower it to a single screen and go from there?)Edit:The Singleplayer has been Largley updated from since i last played, with a larger set of ships and more AI in relation to what you do. It's not so easy to buy nations off now. It's looking bleedin good!"
,Recommended,268650,12699252,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Exxion,"Haven't played it that much yet, as you can see, but... so far, I have to agree with pretty much all of the reviews. The graphics are quite bad, build mode is really irritating, and everythig is really complex, but the sheer awesomeness of the rest of the game easily makes up for these flaws."
76561198086418143,Recommended,268650,12709306,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Sarthos_Jacruga,"Anyone who has no experience with this game calls it a ""Minecraft Clone"", and in the fact that it uses a Voxel style building system, it is...... But in reality, Minecraft wishes it was this cool...A full, in depth campaign; Multiplayer, both co-op and VS; great optimization with much more on the way; amazing gameplay and creativity elements; amazing sounds and music--and it's in Alpha. Developer is in touch with the community and constantly talking about and releasing new updates and patches. This game is one of the best on Steam.As far as creative games go, this one is by far my favorite."
76561198054726415,Recommended,268650,25894103,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,mattinahatt,i donnot like how the unicorn dissapears somtimes
76561198296284780,Recommended,268650,29454719,Posted: 23 January,all,mw3rook,i can't run this on my computer the game look fun but like i said i can't play it. I would ike a refund not because the game is bad but my computer can't run this game
76561198057383887,Recommended,268650,17482700,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Lord High-T,"EXTREMELY addicting, I can't stop coming back to this game. Obviously it's not for everyone but if you love building and fighting then I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes robocraft or minecraft, especially if you're one of those people that loves building tnt canons in minecraft or anything of the sort. If you sink a few hours into it to really learn how to play then it is going to be amazing fun for you, and if you have friends that might like a game like this then tell them about it and if they like it then have them get it to because you and your friends can play co-op and pvp, me and my best  friend have sank a lot of time into this and we've both found it to be great fun, and honestly I would still be willing to buy this game even if it were $50."
,Recommended,268650,24473824,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MicrosoftPainfulToWatch,FtD player criteria quiz:1. Are you patient?2. Are you willing to learn the mechanics of the game?3. Do you have a reasonable understanding of physics?4. Can you get your head around different control schemes easily?5. Do you think the navy is cool?6. Are you a pyromaniac who will put HE ammo in everything?7. Are you a megalomaniac who will put 2 metre CRAM cannons on everything to make up for the fact that you can't actually build an advanced cannon (or even a stable ship)?8. Do you think Particle Accelerator cannons are what the world needs?If yes to more than 6 of these then From the Depths is for you my friend.If not then go back to Roblox u cheeky skrub
,Recommended,268650,24956248,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Drive (2011),It's ok i guess
76561198022887508,Recommended,268650,25181765,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,0o000|Meteora,"Day 35, I am still on tutorial.Someday I will succeed to make my own vehicle (other than a boat with no weapons)."
76561198288826062,Recommended,268650,29406731,Posted: 21 January,all,Rajc1980,Love this game very realistic
,Recommended,268650,26609452,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,LondonFires,I wish I had this when I was a kid.
,Recommended,268650,29614831,Posted: 31 January,all,3.14159,"This is one of those games that gives you way more playtime than the pricetag would suggest. In this title, you get near infinite playtime considering the vehicle designer and the extremely lengthy campaigns. And thankfully this is one of the few indie games nowadays that is actually updated, and not a quick cash grab.Far more fun with friends, but you could still get plenty of fun playing it alone."
,Recommended,268650,12185590,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Chronix,"10/10 Definately worth buying, the ultimate sandbox creation/pilot game.If you like games like Minecraft,RoboCraft,Eve or garrys mod, I recommend this game.Requires a bit of time getting used to this game with no tututorials yet but watching Nick Smart's youtube video you will begin to understand."
76561198014771464,Recommended,268650,12734475,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Optapodamus,"This game has absolutely blown me away. I'll admit it's difficult to learn at first, but well worth it. I can't get over how much there is to this game and it is still only in Alpha. I absolutely can not wait for more features.This game just makes sense. Most creating games there is no reason for building a fortress or a ship or anything. This game gives you a reason, and the better your creations are the easier life is for you. I love the fact that you don't have to spend all day contantly repairing or building the same thing over and over. You design a ship or a part, copy and paste. Improve it, save over it. Repeat. I think the only thing this game needs now is a research tree. So much fun, and so much potential for more already!"
76561198092081383,Recommended,268650,12431511,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dnater (2),"This is my favourite game! it has a perfect mix with tactics, stratagy and blowing s*** up! YEAH!"
76561198042565135,Recommended,268650,19099784,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,JurassicRaptor,Played for eight hours. Game broke. Lost everything.Loaded up. Save Corrupted. Lost Everything.People who disliked me because I built a ship. Surrounded me. Lost everything.I didn't know they made a Bankruptcy Simulator
76561198071493113,Recommended,268650,17907345,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Two-Bitt,"This is a pretty fun game. If you're into building games this is deffinetely for you, very in-depth!"
,Recommended,268650,17990451,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,BatSpy,"Great game on a mac, but the only problem is that the capslock button doesn't work for me when I'm trying to freeze the ceichle so it's hard to build anything else other than ships"
,Recommended,268650,17765646,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Juggernaut470,"In the space of less than a single fortnight, this became my 3rd most played game, tied with Company of Heroes 2, behind Civ 5 and Fallout New Vegas. At this rate, I'll have played this more than any of my games by the end of the year.Cheaper, and more fun than a drug addiction!"
76561198080219922,Recommended,268650,17928686,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Space Penguin,"Requires good creativity, is time consuming but you can greate amazing ships."
76561198074649563,Recommended,268650,26278943,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Jaeger Von,Booom!!!! Pew! Pew! Boom!(again) Prrrrt Prrrrt! Boom!!!
76561198138745910,Recommended,268650,26413951,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,PSSAChamp,This is an amazing game like no other you build your weapons and there is no limit to how you can build your wepons then you can build your ship and comand your fleet. Its a one of a kind game if your reading this get From the Depths.
,Recommended,268650,17496505,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Jack Bright,"You want to build a helicopter?You can do that.Want to build a space ship?You can do that.Want to build an orbital laser?You can do that.You want to build a flying fortress?You can do that.What about a mothership that spawns swarms of drones?Yep, that too.You want to- YES, You can do that.You can build pretty much anything you damn well please. Miniguns, railguns, lasers, cannons, torpedos, missiles, harpoons, drills... You can custom build multiblock cannons and turrets into your vehicles.On top of that, you can toss in a pre-built AI to pilot that vehicle for you, hell, you can build an entire fleet and play RTS with them."
,Recommended,268650,33603549,Posted: 17 July,all,Axiom,"Very confusing and difficult to learn, but if you stick with it, you can make amazing things!"
76561198119535232,Recommended,268650,32892244,Posted: 27 June,all,samuraisb,Great game and is realy fun even when you are bad at it like me
,Recommended,268650,29027049,Posted: 4 January,all,Bladex,I built a pirate ship then clicked the wrong tab and I saw complicated stuff but i couldn't handle it so I built a fleet of pirate ships that some tiny complex boat ripped to shreds.
76561198028317383,Recommended,268650,16396209,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tree Baron,"A neat little indie game. I ended up getting about 34 hours into it, just building ships and stuff in single player. Tried multiplayer once but it was buggy, that was a long time ago though.I'd say it's probably worth up to $20 if you really love making cool creations of your own that are fully functional. The possibilities are virtually endless."
76561198152360372,Recommended,268650,29426981,Posted: 22 January,all,scotfusion,"What an amazing game. Whoa, it's deep! You cannot avoid the immersion; It's sucked me right in. Looks intimidating, as I am presented with a very immersive guide that explains thing very well. I love the original look and refreshing UI. Looking around, I realize that I am in From The Depths School. With rewards for passing quizes. This game is amazing!  How this game could have such a small file size, illustrates Dev mastery! Thank you for a great game. This game should be even more popular."
,Recommended,268650,17642566,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Tim_Fragmagnet,This is the game where you and your friends shoot down a big helicopter capital ship which then proceeds to start sinking into the ocean in front of you.So you decide to dive into the ocean and swim up through the capital ship to find and destroy the ai mainframe of the ship to make it your own. While it's exploding.And now you ride into batttle on the remains of your enemy.
76561198149352317,Recommended,268650,24689569,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Cthulhu,AMAZING GAME10/10 would play for annother 200 hoursall i want now is better multiplayer
76561198070667620,Recommended,268650,20633130,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,den,"PLEASE GOD HELP MEI mean its pretty good, its not like I've spent 60 hours making one really big boat.It's not even ♥♥♥♥ing done yet what am I doing with my life."
76561198149851985,Recommended,268650,24650784,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SpikiestMass15,"I love the game, when you finally get the perfect ship or weapon, or when you win a battle you feel acomplished, I would recomend this game to anyone with patients.....In FtD you only things truely stopping you are you're ideas and processor, ah hem *cough cough* me.I do really enjoy this game the ability to show others you work.Is it worth the money, yes!"
76561198172596999,Recommended,268650,25801913,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Speedy7809,i wish you could make the weapon firing system more stable while the vehicle is moving
,Recommended,268650,17838862,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Jack Rogers (SSGT SMITH),"An amazing game with stunning graphics and sounds, a must play, given it takes a little to get use to the controls and familiar with blocks but its a stunning game, 9/10"
,Recommended,268650,25658892,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Visceralfusion,The Cryptaris Federation grows stronger with every new Vessel!
76561198045459742,Recommended,268650,33120889,Posted: 2 July,all,|MLTit| aREoLA,I still haven't figured out how to build a working boat.
,Recommended,268650,26078065,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,dumbledaz,yes
76561198081819718,Recommended,268650,24999103,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,7thLuv,Fun if id understood de game
76561198095522032,Recommended,268650,25264914,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Snowman but just a man in snow,good
,Recommended,268650,24594965,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Fürchtegott,Was looking for a good Mechwarrior Online alternative and found it!
76561198091136184,Recommended,268650,24599665,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,JacobT27,BUY THE GAME
76561198041378020,Recommended,268650,15931380,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Medkips,if you like Kerbal Space Program or games where you can customize your own war machines this is the game for youMultiplayer needs some work but over all is alot of fun i give this 10/10 pokeballs
76561198085176467,Recommended,268650,16058099,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,StoneDog,"Awesome Game, awesome Dev... Go buy it, go go goIt's robocraft meets minecraft, minus the 'mining', times a whole lotta RTS...Nick Smart, the solo developer, is the Mad Hatter of update patches. After a major update, he put out five bug-bash patches in one day and 4 the next. Nick is always open to suggestion and even had a 'simple request-o-matic Event' with great success. He cares about this game and the very friendly community."
76561198309593251,Recommended,268650,24800781,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Galaxy,4 gb ram i play it with 2
,Recommended,268650,24771796,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Dredditor,"I don't like long reviews, so I'm going to keep it nice, short, and simple:Pros-1) Fun; I love to build a random ship and just sail around islands with it.2) Ultimate customization; You can customize almost anything in this game, even the ammunition your guns and rocket pods/torpedo tubes fire.3) Multiplayer; Very fun to have battles with your friends in Montana-class battleships.4) Vehicles; From ships to planes, tanks and more, you can build just about anything that gets you moving or you take for shelter.Cons-1) Camera clipping, easy fix in Unity but dev put the game on hold for another game (that no one will tell me what it is or what it's about).2) Game is on hold (minor patches and few updates lately since it) for some other game. WON'T ANYONE TELL ME WHAT IT IS HE'S WORKING ON?Over all, I give this game a 8/10 because it is just what I want from a game about building things and then shooting and driving said things."
,Recommended,268650,26447327,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Cuttlefish Star Empire,"Unless you have a lot of time on your hands, don't even TRY to play this game. It has so steep a learning curve it is more of a learning precipice. However, if you can understand the basic mechanics well enough to start up a game, it's very gratifying. Also, YouTube is your friend. My personal favourites are Lathland and EnterElysium.P.S. If you have played KSP, it's sort of a similar difficulty, just about 5x harder to get the hang of, but once you have, it's awesome"
76561198119192439,Recommended,268650,26109354,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Exzsys,it is a very fun and adictive game and i recomend it to every one I can
76561198014749837,Recommended,268650,16895807,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,darkrajin,"Great game with almost 600 hours. For the price I can definitely say even if I stopped playing today it was well worth the money.When I first played the game, I was rather overwhelmed by the UI and how the game worked. To the point I got a refund. (I know silly right but nerd rage is a powerful thing).Pros -Well clearly the freedom you have in which to build things. From flying monstrosities that bring love in the form of rainbow colored lasers. Subs that shoot missiles and torpedos or harpoons, because dragging someone under the water is fun. Satalites rain now large amounts of cannonfire (cannons being given and update and now you can build even more fun artilary gun pieces, or railguns) :DBoats that fire hundreds of missiles, lasers, guns, and bring love and peace to all that resist, resistance is loosely classified.Oh and there are the death fortresses.There is a campaign mode, while not the greatest, it can be pretty fun to test out your designs against other armies. The campaign mode is a mixture of RTS and arcade boat / flying game. Where you might control a single vehicle entirely (or let the ai control the guns), while having the rest of the fleet controlled by the AI.The biggest pro how ever, and which likely kept me with the game for so long, is the epic community. while somewhat small everyone is so helpful, often willing to look at your designs and help you fix problems. Give tips, and tricks.There are many more improvements in the making so I am looking forward to seeing what comes in the future.Cons -Remember this is alpha so hopefully these problems with be fixed in the future.FPS and crashing. By far the biggest and worst thing of the game, it does not like large fleets, Up to around 25000 blocks the game works fine with some slow downs. But after that you can expect the game to come to a grinding halt, followed by crashing randomly. This can be highly annoying especially in campaign mode when you have to fight an enemy fleet that has many vehicles.Too many missiles and bullets willl also bring down the FPS.The other problem is AI. While you can deal with it, especially if you work out how to use LUA code, and or the automated controllers. (I use the automated controllers to do a lot of different things to over come the limitations of the AI).While you can make subs, and spaceships, there is no proper AI which can make setting up fully AI controlled Subs and spaceships rather hard and frustrating.So yeah I highly recommend this game. and am rather glad I over came my earlier frustration to give this game a second go. The learning curve is steep, as in clith like steep. But there is so much you can do, and once you learn the basics From the Depths (heh) of this game It becomes great fun.I just wish I could learn to build more restrained but hey I like explosions and rainbow deathray lasers."
76561198195386851,Recommended,268650,23423061,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,BobTheBlob,"this game is just amazing, there are seriously endless amounts of possibilities. You can make literally everything you want (i've made a chicken that lays 2000mm explosive eggs)!"
76561198319391198,Recommended,268650,28580722,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,thehuskybeast,"Awesome game... Finally a game which u can build Warships on your computer!!I have a problem though.. the ai... when I spawned the Baltimore in as my ship in a battle against some ship from the Onyx Watch, I went to have a hot chocolate, when I came back nearly the front of the Baltimore was ripped off so I though the Onyx Watch ship did it.. When the Baltimore fired it's guns again, she blew off the front of herself... Please fix this problem...Excluding that.. This is a brilliant game, if u dont have this game... WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH UR LIFE??"
76561198301883841,Not Recommended,268650,34988763,Posted: 15 September,all,Major Tom,"My main gripe with this game is it INFO DUMPS. I felt so burnt out after the tutorial I haven't played it since I picked it up. Rather than a smooth tutorial integrated into gameplay, it's this kind of jarring three hour long info dump that got me so burnt out I couldn't play anymore. I will give the game this, though, lets plays of this game are quite fun to watch, and if you're serious about getting into this, I'd recommend checking out Lathrix. Over all, the tutorial was too much, while it jokes about how tutorials make a decrease in ragequitting, I feel like it was just far too jarring."
76561198328812539,Recommended,268650,31467231,Posted: 30 April,all,Anonymoose,I don't know how to do stuff but i'm having fun trying to do themand blowing myself up!
,Recommended,268650,12691321,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Segie,Great for indie. A little raw on the UI. Need somemore effort
76561198070582623,Recommended,268650,28862039,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,(Not real) (Fake) Oliver 2.0,it is to hard to play it might be good... not sure
,Recommended,268650,13332402,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Naked Slate,"stumbled upon this by chance, it's the most polished early access game I've played. So much to do, nothing is broken, the devs update a couple times every week, and features are constantly being added. it's got huge potential."
76561198029216791,Recommended,268650,26698391,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MosieznyKojot,Bought this game to build some fancy small ships.Ended up 500 hours later building steam powered tanks in space.9/11 - Worth every moment of my life
76561198248096900,Recommended,268650,34824042,Posted: 8 September,all,LilDestroyer06,i cant build anymore plz help
,Recommended,268650,32411949,Posted: 14 June,all,i would sniff her farts up,"i dont know wtf to do, still giving it a thumbs up"
76561198065534670,Recommended,268650,31209106,Posted: 17 April,all,[VAV] Hen,Too advanced for me
,Recommended,268650,23005444,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DeepDishPizza,I built a dong so that was pretty cool.10/10 would build a bigger dong again
76561198273279112,Recommended,268650,29349753,Posted: 18 January,all,BANANASGAMER1,The best game ever in every way
,Recommended,268650,27943696,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DontKnow,Realy nice game you can sink hours and hours into. The content is very huge and there are still updates adding more. Definitely worth its money.
,Recommended,268650,33786174,Posted: 25 July,all,an lol mellow,yesssssssssssssssssssssss~
76561198166750436,Recommended,268650,16947093,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ColonelPants,"This game... this game... From the depths is love, from the depths is life. Thus ends the lenghty review. Good day! :D"
,Recommended,268650,25990743,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,EndConquerer,"From the Depths is a game I definetly recommend. Although it takes time to get the hang of, the gameplay itself is very fun.– Pros –•Lots of content and complexity in a way that makes everything very interesting.•Most systems are very well balanced.•Well optimized (at least for 6 yr old Macs).•Lots of replayability.– Cons –•Takes time to get the hang of building each system.•Spawning vehicles on land as of me posting this review can be kind of buggy."
76561198106248052,Recommended,268650,31271320,Posted: 21 April,all,losbastardosmas,"Ok so, this game is amazing.It's amazing for three principal reasons:1. You can do, almost, anything. Boats, aircrafts, drones, satellites, fortress, etetc..2. You HAVE to LEARN the mecanics of the game. And it's not hard, the tutorials are great if you read and do them you will learn (it will take time of course) but is really duable. So if you read people complanig about the game beign hard to learn, they are just stupid or lazy.3. Everytime you tink to know how to build stuff and you test it in battle, you have to adjust so many things that is almost impossible to get bored.In short term, if you like a game that give you challenges over challenges, a game that require you to actualy THINK and LEARN to become decent at playing and if you like building stuff: that's the game for you."
,Recommended,268650,20751209,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mr.Gamerlot,─────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good game!███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█
,Recommended,268650,35182093,Posted: 24 September,all,Flame2057,USS Zumwalt BE HUMBLED
76561198018825568,Not Recommended,268650,25805424,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Blaid119,"Started off well, the devs actually listened to what changes the majority of the community suggested. Unfortunately, a very vocal minority has taken over and turned the game into a job just to play. You have to do way, way to much problem solving and tweaking to build any ship thats worth while, which has made the designs in the workshop rather genaric and carbon copied. At one point they had hundreds of unique and amazing crafts, now its mostly the same designs with slight variation. The store page has some of these original and unique crafts in the preview images, but they no longer work with the new mechanics or, because of rule/item changes, have become incredibly under powered to the point of obsolescence.I had a few friends who used to play or were interested in FTD, but every one of them has quite siteing the sheer amount of time wasted trying to work around all the needlessly intricut mechanics that take hours to build, trouble shoot, tune, and finally impliment almost any ship. Especially in the later parts/challenges of the game. 6-8 hours of build time for 10-40 minutes (depending on the battle/enemy faced) of fun sucks.It started off as an interesting voxel war game and has become a mind numbing pile of frustrating mechanics and ugly ships whose community has become cancerous."
76561198176060701,Not Recommended,268650,24584290,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,david,"The system lacks any form of intuitive structure and requires keyboard shortcuts. I did not find the tutorials helpful and have given up trying to work out the bewildering introductory tutorial scenario. For those who master this with the 2 hours needed I have admiration,"
76561198103487159,Recommended,268650,17465136,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Beer Mug The Russian Dwarf,"thought i made a realy fast jet thats fast enough to doge misiles(a grammer nazi just died)well i was correct and got over 400000resources 100000fuel 280000metal 56000scrap and over 3000 krystals just by kamakazi dive bombing onto the enymy ship,destroying there AI and scrapping itUNTILL I FOUND A ♥♥♥♥ING PADDLEBOAT"
,Not Recommended,268650,24823485,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,[NCP] blood_guts,it looks super cool and I wanna actually make♥♥♥♥♥♥but the tutorials are super ♥♥♥♥ing hard and I can't finish the CRAM cannon tutorial. it wants me to place ammo boxes someplace and I literally put ammo boxes everywhere that it was physically possible for 20 minutes and still nothing. also when I try to make a boat from scratch the camera goes crazy and does it's best to try and make me vomit *edit* use capslock when making a boat to stop that.
,Not Recommended,268650,28130234,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jovikin,"I love this game. There is so much creative possibility within this game, but there are problems, and only one of them made me give this a thumbs down. The tutorial. It feels a lot like homework and you'll probably find it easier not to do the tutorial and just try finding the info somewhere else on the internet. After the 26 hours that I’ve put into this game, I still know only a small fraction of how this game works. If you are into solving problems and engineering then this is for you but if you don't want to spend hours searching the internet or diagnosing the problems of your ship/plane/station etc. then look elsewhere."
76561198009591479,Not Recommended,268650,29913568,Posted: 13 February,all,Trynton,"Abandoned game. Had potential, but there has been little real progress in the years that it has been in early access. It isnt even out of early access and the developer is starting a new game."
,Recommended,268650,13001372,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Sdb62,This game is pretty amazing. The game only gets fun after u have learned everything which takes some time but its worth it. This game is going to be so amazing once its finished
76561198060058839,Recommended,268650,20514492,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,CardiB,3d reassembly
,Not Recommended,268650,21658077,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Poltulov,Too many game and design breaking changes.Complete overhauls will ruin what you make and are too frequent.Wait a year before you buy.Was fun when you could make what you wanted
76561198040768102,Recommended,268650,18964009,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Adnan Sami,I rate 8 out of 8
,Recommended,268650,28858600,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,⟪ Nathanv3.5 ⟫,"This Game Was Created by Masterminds,The Ability to build your own ships by simple blocks and guns really make this a masterpiece, even though there are some bugs in this game it definitly blown my mind... Just remember to do the tutorial, i had to buy this game twice due to me refunding it, i regret that completely.9.42/10"
,Recommended,268650,22711850,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,「IForgotMyName」,I still Have no Idea what i'm doing
76561198031792754,Recommended,268650,13208806,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,TheHawkDawg,"From the Depth, how can I tell you people what it is about?+The physics are amazing+Graphics arent actually that bad if you can get past the blocks+Campain actually is fun and challenging+Massive fleet battles are just amazing+So much stuff to do+Lots of stuff to learn+Boats, planes,space craft+MMO skills-The first time you play it you might get alittle sick, just keep playing its worth it-If your lazy this is not the game for you-If you refuse to learn you are stupidWant to know how to play well?Click this link and watch a couple episodes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3JcjD9fX7M"
,Recommended,268650,24746435,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,White Fox,grate game if ur not a rageahollec and have time to sit down and actuly lurn a game
76561198050859362,Recommended,268650,17992845,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Someone,Amazing.
76561198083705873,Recommended,268650,11950678,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Milk,THIS GAME IS GOOD EXCEPT FROM ONE THING. THIS THISNG IS THAT THE BLOCKS ARE WEIRD. WHEN YOU PLACE A LINE OF THREE BLOCKS OR MORE THE BLOCK WILL HAVE CONNECTIONS AND THE BLOCKS ARE UNEVEN THIS MAKES GOOD LOOKING SHIPS HARD AND UN-TIDY IT WOULD BE GOOD IF THEY FIXED THIS. PS SORRY FOR CAPS.
76561198116079654,Recommended,268650,13886757,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[KKU] The Hobby Lobby,Idk I seem to keep playing it. Must be pretty good.
76561198065844719,Recommended,268650,17722113,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Graham,Peng/Peng would Peng again.
76561198114710051,Recommended,268650,17872235,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Aleccia Rosewater,This is what Space Engineers wishes it was
,Recommended,268650,33443938,Posted: 10 July,all,Kiwi∆,"Honestly pretty bad by standard game design conventions, but I enjoy it regardless. Community is pretty cancerous, albeit lively. I often run into game breaking bugs that force me to completely reinstall.¯\_(ツ)_/¯Probably not for 95% of people, but had fun playing."
,Recommended,268650,12275466,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mavvvy,"Fantastic game, lots of detail in design and destruction. Unlike most other alpha sandbox builders the groundwork of future features are in place.Good for anyone who is tired of ""passive"" creation and wants a bit more action and purpose."
76561198199098709,Recommended,268650,17836056,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,bigoakley02,Awesome game. Seehttp://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/from-the-depths/user-reviewsfor my review.9/10
76561197994499838,Recommended,268650,12374022,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,BFM,Great game.
,Recommended,268650,29952536,Posted: 15 February,all,M4rine__,Amazing game!
76561198389834268,Recommended,268650,33546975,Posted: 14 July,all,Steven Lee,I Love this Game the graphics are good but the problem is the weapon building they are so complicated so please make them less Complicated
,Recommended,268650,18794404,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,<CODE BLUE>,"I never write reviews but to be honest this game still needs alot of work. Multiplayer is really buggy, There are tons of singleplayer bugs. But, Even with all of these its a very enjoyable game. I Hope the developer can fix these issues but if you are considering it then buy it."
,Recommended,268650,25760332,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Dumfing,"Weapons...The railway gun (german wwii cannon) fires a 800mm shellThe Advanced cannon in this game can fire up to a 500mm shell (CRAM cannons can go up to 2000)Why am I using the Advanced cannon?Because you can put multiple of them on one turret (as much as you have space for), and make them fire their entire x round magazine in under 5 seconds.Guns is crazy in ftd"
76561198119323178,Recommended,268650,18687327,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Wraithe,best game i have played in a long time
,Recommended,268650,15699621,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,angerydad.jpeg,"This game... If you own Kerbal, imagine like you're trying to build a boat in Kerbal, a game about constructing space ships and space planes. This game is basically that, trying to construct boats in a game about spaceships. Seriously though, it's not an easy game, but it sure is fun. All of my hours thus far have just been in the vehicle builder, trying to build an small efficient boat is hard enough, once you get that part somewhat down, you need to account for weapons and protection, which is another whole learning curve in itself. I haven't even gotten into multiplayer or even any campaign or story yet, only because I'm still learning how to build.. You need to build the engines, the boats to use these sucessfully, and even build your own weapons. But it sure as hell keeps you hooked. You can even build sky/land/sea fortresses, planes, helicopers and all, which I can't even imagine because I still struggle with boats.. Maybe one day.tl;dr: If you like games that allow a huge amount of creativity, and that have a challenge/learning curve, and you like games with 100% freedom, this game is for you."
,Recommended,268650,24685831,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Markus9975,It's AMAZING but now the last leviathan is copying it. but IT'S STILL F*CKING AWESOME!! 111/10 BEST GAME OF DA YEAR!!
,Recommended,268650,24036463,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,GoldenRevolver,This game makes me feel so ♥♥♥♥ing stupid 10/10
,Recommended,268650,31266854,Posted: 20 April,all,Raven?,"This is space engineers plus all building games combined, 19.99?!?! I LOVE THIS."
76561198073600977,Recommended,268650,18133193,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Succrates,Campaign mode:- Built a ship from wood- Added missile launchers- Set up the NSA with more wood- Blew up enemies from afar- Died because wooden ships are sh*t10/10 would explode again
76561198000456529,Recommended,268650,18038422,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Magnetic Genetics,Great game. Build stuff and things. (Mostly boats and planes) Use them to blow things up.(Mostly other boats and planes) All around a great game. Lots of fun and lets you be creative.10/10 would intern on Nauru indefinitely.
,Recommended,268650,34730834,Posted: 4 September,all,Busdriver,Complicated game. :)
,Recommended,268650,29389617,Posted: 20 January,all,Jack Reaver,"Probably one of the better games I've played, really sad I'm terrible at it though.Limitless possibilities of the weapons of war you can and will create.So many different combinations of weapons, turret designs, types of turrets, and how you design your ship.There are so many variables you actually have infinite vehicle designs."
76561198222196592,Recommended,268650,17262049,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,00Trollface,it is cool you will spand auers to play it
76561198064524692,Recommended,268650,17448300,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Securefett,"Thought about making a Proppeller plane that dropped torpedoes from air, once I took it for a test flight I fell.10/10 would sink again"
,Recommended,268650,21538412,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TheGibster,"Ever had that itch for something more than just minecraft? Something where the stuff you build is pitted against one-another while retaining that blocky, friendly atmosphere that you've grown accustomed to?This is it.Think of the most outrageous and OP vehicle ever in your head, whether it be a spaceship, aircraft, structure, land vehicle, or ship. This game can bring that thought to life. Why build huge airships in minecraft that can't really fly when in FtD they CAN fly, they CAN shoot, they CAN (and probably will) lead to hours upon hours of your life wasted away just to build, tweak, and perfect that one airship?And for 20 bucks this indie game has drawn more fun from me than many AAA titles I’ve played (other platforms/computers). Not only that, but a community friendly to new and experienced players alike, a developer who actually cares about his playerbase and is SUPER active on the game forums, and full workshop, custom campaign, and soon to be modding support!  Another thing, if you look at the reviews 90% of those who gave this game a thumbs down have less then 20hrs put into this. My point?It takes time to learn.Pros:-awsome community-LOTS of content-active dev(s)-workshop, custom campaign, and (soon to be) modding support-easy to waste hours upon hours of time onCons:-optimization is spotty, leading to needing a pretty beefy computer to be able to spawn in just one replica battleship-multiplayer needs to be reworked-I don’t have enough time each day to play this enoughWanna know something though? Nick (the main/lead dev) has stated that he’s working to fix and improve all of these things and more!Tl;drIf you skipped to this before reading the rest of the review, then you don’t have enough patience for this game. End of story."
76561198298234372,Recommended,268650,28129425,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Admiral Ryan D,best game ever and i really wish there were more blocks for armouri think the game could also use more parts for missles and cannon shells like plasma explosives which cost 100 ammo per casing but do like 500 damage and 5 AP same for missles but 250 dmg and 50 ammo cost per casing
,Recommended,268650,17589854,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Soggy,"Its OK. The experience for a new player is absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥and extremely difficult for new players to learn how to do things and what does what. <-- this was me getting into the gameThis game is great. It has a great community and is a perfect example of what an early access game should be. The game has a wide variety of blocks to build with, and allows you to build anything you'd be able to dream of."
,Recommended,268650,13312672,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Arcadian Dragon,"10/10Overview:For an ""Early Alpha"" I can say this game is almost complete. The devs are polishing this baby up, adding in some community ideas and making it funner by the day.Pros:Vast PossibilitiesLimitless PotentialDevs Listen to the peopleAmmo Racks explosions turn the tide of battle.Cons:Ammo Racks Explosions turn the tide of battle :("
,Recommended,268650,20103100,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jet Baily,"If you're going to spend time (and money) on a game, it should have depth, and this one has no shortage of it."
76561198116512413,Recommended,268650,18362253,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,srgtsue,game crator this is the onle why i can contactu and i have a problem  the game wont load the story moded or campan it gest shoued the battle plese fix pleeaase its my favorit game
,Recommended,268650,17668543,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,teddy268,from a freind: Needs a tech tree 0/10
76561198058283283,Recommended,268650,17482325,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Gimme Shelter,"There is just something about building a gunship to defend my oil rig from two submarines. The gunship manages to take out one sub and damge the other but my ship is now out of commission. I dive into the water and intercept the sub and start breaking my way into it's center until I find the mainframe and ammo supplies, typical pirates put them next to each other. I shoot the ammo crate and a giant explosion which tears the sub in half rendering it useless but I am still inside. I am being pulled down with the sinking sub. I quickly swim out and take a brief look at the cloud of wreckage sinking below me.Again there is just something about a game like that that makes me smile.incredible game already, it just needs some polish and clearer instructions.9.999999999/10"
76561198134285758,Recommended,268650,24596679,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,zanolisilvio,">Bought this game on sale>spent 2 hours without understanding a single thing>started to learn>built a 1.000x1.000 blocks base made OF IRON (using the ""fill"" command...took 1 hour)>Put on it an absurde quantity of pistons, crank-shafts, motors, jets, fuel and helix.>THE WHOLE THINGS STARTED TO FLY !>Game crashed, pc shutdown 'cause high temprature....10/10 best game on steam !"
76561198025795270,Recommended,268650,17970376,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ajcasselman,Nice game. Complex and yet fun.
76561198108033678,Recommended,268650,17984004,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,TheEpicTom,this game is epic i really reccomend it!!!(btw my account level just reset to 1 from 50 if i could be told why or how to fix it thanks.)
76561198034154646,Recommended,268650,30494951,Posted: 13 March,all,jwadsworth1,Nice. lel Buy it jideijndf
76561197986328223,Recommended,268650,19371822,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,gunseng,Very addicting game!  The ability to make your own custom weapons and vehicles allows you to make whatever you want to fit your playstyle!They keep releasing good updates too!  One of the few games I keep always downloaded and updated on Steam!
76561198007490024,Recommended,268650,19374968,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,sam,"Briliant Game that the trailer dsn't do justice in my opinion (At the time i bought it). i would recommend it to anyone that like customisation of there own forces and baisicaly complete control over there own designs.the only problem in my opinion at this time is the campaign dosn't have consistantly steady stream of people coming after you, as it seems to die down after you have defeated some fleets (only tried at lower dificulty settings but i'm going to try harder difficulty at the end of writing this review). And Flying squirels, SO ANNOYING, but so adorably fragile."
76561198071526334,Recommended,268650,19381560,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,AOrocks,"This is a game for the builders and can be amazing, but you need patience in this game. It takes time to build the amazing battleships and to learn how to keep them afloat and the weapons take time too, but if you can get past that, one of the best games i have played!"
,Recommended,268650,19387444,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,AlchemicalIntorvert,"I first heard of this Game after seeing Robbaz play on youtube.His army rose quickly and took down everything in site with ease - until the dawn of the squirrel! These flying little nothings  almost took down his biggest ship with their untouchable flight path!Now, I too must face this   squirrel foe and take them out, for Robbaz."
76561198235858332,Recommended,268650,19390811,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Superherox3,This is the best game on earth! if you love building and engneering then this is the game for you. The only downside is it is reallly hard. It took me about 3 days tof igure out the basics. So come sheck out my website witch willl be comeing out soon. there will be building classes for this game for almost the whole year. but otherwise about the game again. This is my dream game best game ever
,Recommended,268650,18857726,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sullivas,THIS IS WAY TOO AWESOME TO BE ONLY ON STEAM...
76561198160313157,Recommended,268650,18663676,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Sedentary Sneaky Stupid Scorpion,"I definetly recommend this game, it's developers are active and good to the community, the game itself has a lot to it, 8 factions who all are memorable, especially Deep Water Guard and Onyx Watch (from my experience). The main concept of this game is that you are a little cute robot, all by yourself, and you have to make and build ships and destroy the 8 factions. The story itself is pretty vauge, but the lore is very nice and detailed (except for Steel Strider's lore, they are just the government, Barack Obama probably leads them.) By default you start out against the Deep Water Guard, pirates who want to kill you and pillage the little resources you have at the start, they are typically the longest faction to defeat, as they attack you when you are building up your forces, and they have a nice mix of every ship, and some fleets they build are devestating, a Moray, Barracuda, and Plunderer in a fleet together is almost complete death.Pros:Good developersIncredible ReplayabilityRarely LagsYou really use your imaginiationYou can build pretty much anything, from submarines to huge airshipsThere is multiplayer, but it isn't incredible at the momentSteam Workshop integrationLore is incredibleCommunity is incredibleMany more that I can't think of right nowCons:Tends to crash a lotDoesn't autosave (yet)It's quite complex and difficult to learnA lot of Trail and Error, especially with air vehiclesSome more that I can't think of right now"
,Recommended,268650,21567726,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Uncle Bulgaria,tis amazaballs
76561198079481362,Recommended,268650,22349659,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,sconzo44,best game i have ever played
76561198259507433,Recommended,268650,22324974,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Skullman,the game is the most intresting and acrurate statigy game that has many features and kees you griped with its viarity of ships items and tecnoligy worth far more than 20 bucks
,Recommended,268650,18032926,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,[SG] Dark(mlogalbo)),"How to win.Step 1: build hull that will floatStep 2: place AI and a single local weapon controllerStep 3: build custom turret and make the shells purple by adding lots of explosive shells and armour piercing shellsstep 4: dont use guage increases, the RPM drops like crazystep 5: make a crazy long barrel of reciol suppresors and motor driven barrelsstep 6: spawn an enemy and watch the purple rain fly"
,Recommended,268650,30657221,Posted: 21 March,all,Smeckle Enthusiast,Its good
,Recommended,268650,30659898,Posted: 21 March,all,Rob Boss,Yes
76561198115795749,Recommended,268650,25124292,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ThatOneLolii,was expecting something like no mans sky. game was too finished and too good. also a lack of a weird beared lying swedish man0/10 IGn would harambae a agin #savethejews
76561198050293781,Recommended,268650,24521606,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,a very interesting broom,"This game has an incredibly steep learning curve that i'm not even sure that i'm over yet. Regardless, it's loads of fun to learn and build, not to mention rewarding to see your creations finally work as intended! If you're interested at all in this game, get it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,268650,24980575,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DevoidChaos,"From the Depths is a Sandbox/RTS game where you build your fleets from the ground up and then use them in the campaign or multiplayerPros:will run on lower-end hardwareyou can manually control your ships or let the AI do most of the fightingyou can build anything from sailboats and galleons to submarines and battleshipsyou can build flying fortresses and airplanesCons:The intial learning curve is a bit steep (however, I found the tutorials helpful)I would recommend this game"
,Recommended,268650,17627865,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Sneeki Breeki Iv Dumbass,"I gotta say, i used to like building games. Hell, I spent most of my life on Sketchup. But this Physics based masterpiece makes me happy inside, and reinstigated my love for Design. I spend a good 10 hours over the course of a week, just building, testing and finally creating my beautiful (in my mind, i like modern day [WW2 till now] craft. Sea, air or Otherwise) vehicles in the campaign to see if they can withstand the challenges of other creators (with vastly more design talent then I) with their Unique blends. Like the DWG with their sloppy designs that, although messy, have the tendency to do ridiculous things. Or the Steel Striders, and trust me on this, you better be prepared for them, my first (technically second) runthrough, I walked through the DWG like they were a Revolving door, the steel striders were like the door deciding to spin the opposite direction, and me catching it straight in the nose and balls.After the slaughter, I took what I could of the SS Vehicles and did some reverse engineering (Another big thing to do if your garbage at design, like i was early game) After that fateful day, there has been nothing but improvement. You can only get better in this game, you just got put some effort in and soon enough you might be clocking hours on a craft that CS:GO Players only wish they could acheive before attempting to saw their Monitor in half. All in All, A lovely physics based Freeform/RPG/Design/RTS Game that will only continue to impress.Just, Please, for the love of all that could be deemed holy in the world, PUT IN SOME EFFORT! Seriously, if i see another ""Too hard, refund please"" Comment, i might have to leave a link here for Dark Souls...And while your here, Watch Robbaz on Youtube :DYou can thank me later..."
,Recommended,268650,11774582,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,sgtpockets,"from the costume vhecals to the skills and wepons its awsome.EDIT: I have a bug that started right after mods started appering for the game which causes the game to get stuck on a loading screen right before the main menu shows up, this has never happened before and others have recieved the same problem. I have tried varifying the game cache and reinstalling. It's still not fixed.  The game is still fun to play as they've added alot to the game like new campains, and gamemodes. I still recmend the game even though I have this bug."
,Recommended,268650,22000164,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ATE | BroMe,"It is fun,,,but please update it"
,Recommended,268650,31628607,Posted: 8 May,all,Testa,"A challenging and complex vehicle builder with a fun, mount and blade style campaign."
,Recommended,268650,33315973,Posted: 6 July,all,Varyian Aspect,Very complex
,Recommended,268650,30417541,Posted: 9 March,all,alexanderyw,Seven hours in and I still haven't achieved anything.......talk about useless tutorials and guides.....
,Not Recommended,268650,21469207,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Reid,"Currently, I cannot reccommend this game. I've been trying all day to play it, but I cannot get basic features to work. I can't even finish the tutorial because I just can't get the AI to work even though I do it EXACTLY like the tutorial says, and I've even tried following youtube tutorials in campaign mode, but the AI simply will not work for me at all. And when I try to play the campaign without AI (Since I can't do the story missions), NONE OF THE SHIPS SPAWN DURING BATTLE. How the hell am I supposed to play this game when the basic features will not work. And the thing is, I KNOW that they work because I've watched videos of other people playing the game and everything works fine for them. So unless a recent update broke everything or I just got a broken copy. And Google is of no  help at all."
76561198085045955,Recommended,268650,23859204,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Dan ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),This game is so much fun. One of the best features is squared corner pieces (♥♥♥♥ you space engineers for not having this essential piece)
,Recommended,268650,27933317,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sampson,"Lets see, first hundred hours, built boats that are kinda box like in shape and strapped massive missiles to them.. It works!!!Next hundred hours slowly learning the little aspects of advanced cannons till I get to the point of shooting big holes in them.Finally 300 hours and I have conquered maybe 1/8th of the map and realise Ive been doing everything wrong with advanced cannons... So thats how you make them shoot quickly.Now to just work on lasers, particle cannons, cram cannons, learning how to fly and the 3 different types of engines.If you want something thats worth your money, this is it."
,Recommended,268650,13134222,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Monkey_Man45,I just got the game and so far I haven't had any problems. The controls could be improve greatly and its hard to get started with as little insruction as they give you. If you can get around these minor problems you will greatly enjoy this game. You are allowed to build any kind or ship(flying or submarine) and the put that ship into battle and test its skills. Overal id give this game a 7/10 because its a good game but the controls and GUI definatly need some work.
76561198016258798,Recommended,268650,13226720,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Hem1ock,"Highly RecommendedIf you ever liked Lego or any form of construction when you were youger, and played war games then you will love this game :DThe game has many facets which will keep you busy and contunually entertained. And then to top it off... the game isn't even finished yet, so much more is in store I hope. Playing a strategic, yet FPS game really gives this game the 4 dimensional experience. Would love if you could add some Solar, and Wind power to the game to feed the electric engines ;)This game style is sadly not for everyone, but is highly addictive should you begin designing and testing vehicles, structures, and sky fortresses.Enjoy, and know I can't wait for the rest of the game :D"
,Recommended,268650,12892302,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BlackVortex,verry good verry awkward need to maps for  land and sky not just water map but over alll 10/10
76561197968619566,Recommended,268650,13193470,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,WizardBlack,"If you have played KSP, you have an idea what much of the metagameplay is like. You start out slow, you spend a lot of time designing your vehicles, figuring out the controls, etc. FTD has a pretty good tutorial now, but design-wise, it is all on you. If you do not have a lot of time to spend figuring out builds, I would save your money (unless you just want to support this superb Early Access game). I am stuck doing some sort of one-off missions with ships I have to (beforehand) design merely to get enough XP to gain a few levels to actually play the campaign. 0_o"
76561198161253744,Recommended,268650,13206135,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Hal Ramersby,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME- if you are easily frustrated- if you do not like making mistakes to learn from them- if the word ""drag"" makes you uncomfortable- if you are insulted by your FPS dropping to 0.1This game has a learning curve. If you're a climber, you will swiftly go from ""wtf is this wobbly thing attached to this protruded gizmo with rings all around it"" to ""hmmm, if I swap one destabiliser to a doubler and remove a Q-switch, I can have enough armor penetration to shoot straight through this ship and kill whatever's behind it, cool, now let's blow some♥♥♥♥♥♥up"".10/10"
76561197993388153,Recommended,268650,13267838,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ferrit2060,"Even being in early developent this is an excellent game, full of explosions, shooting and destruction. The learning curve can be a little steep at first but with plenty of tutorials and friendly forums that is not the issue it might seem at first.The potential it shows is phenominal, and I have every belief that it will deliver on that promise, the dev's having sought and responded to feedback from the community at every step. Building custom weapons and AIs is easy and yet surprisngly versatile, and show's signs that it will only get better in time.If you like MineCraft and explosions then this is for you!Editted 2016: Everything I said up there? Still true and more so. The learning curve has been mostly tamed by in-game tutorials, that potential is being realised at every step. Very, very recommended."
76561198110837236,Recommended,268650,12871179,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Thotsbane,"I seriously forgot games could be this addicting.After playing around 150 hours of XCOM, my other favorite game, I needed something to break the monotony. Sure, wasting aliens is fun, but you can only blast so many little grey faces off before you need to do something else, and that's where From the Depths came in. I was browsing my cue, and all of a sudden, this weird, obscure indie game called ""From the Depths"" shows up. Now, it just so happens that I was looking for a replacement to the game Battleship Craft on iPhone, which was removed from the market. When I looked further into this game and found out what it was all about, I was smitten before I even played it. Building stuff? Check. Total control over all your designs? Check. Actual sloped blocks that you can make inclines with (take notes minecraft)? Check. Cool campaign? Check. Destryoing stuff, massive explosions included? Check. Building a goddamn Halo frigate and using it to bring the hammer of doom down upon my puny and utterly overwhelmed enemies? CHECK. I'm pretty sure I'll be playing this game until I stop breathing (and if I'm lucky, they'll have perfected human immortality by this point.)"
76561198054678192,Recommended,268650,12599250,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Schmell My Gadget,"So far this game is amazing. It is extremely complicated though. I am still going through the tutorials. Speaking of which, there is a huge library in the main menu that will teach you basically everything you need to know. Are you a visual? Then do the visual tuts. Are you the type of person that learns hands on step-by-step? They have that."
76561198021662812,Recommended,268650,12392781,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Nopkar,"What is it:From The Depths (abbreviated FTD in the future) conceptually is fairly simple. Create your own vehicles and wage war against other player's and/or AI controlled opponents in either scenario play, sandbox or a 'Grand Campaign' setting.This is where it gets interesting. Creating your vehicles isn't a monumental task by any means but it requires a deeper understanding of the mechanics than might be apparent at first glance. Engines are designed block by block and vary in power output and fuel usage. Weight of your vehicle plays a vital role as most engagments are sea/air based and you can't have a boat that bobs and weaves in the water, you'd never be able to hit anything!Basic learning curve is right around 5 hours with no handholding by the game itself. there are some pretty basic tutorials to get you going but by this time you should be able to make a small raft and make it move about with some simple guns on it.Novice learning begins about the 10 hour mark where you've probably completed your first custom cannon and missle arrays and can make a solid ship that doesn't flip over when making a hard turn in rough waves. From here its all about refinement. You won't know how good you are until you match up against some of the big AI ships in the game and even those can be dealt with in clever and inexpensive ways.Multiplayer is foreign to me. I haven't spent any time there yet in my 20+ hours and don't anticipate to do so in the near future.Singleplayer is a blast if yet unrefined. The planned updates are very promising and what the developer has already delivered on is well worth your $20 if you can stick with it, watch/read a couple of tutorials and enjoy figuring things out on your own. once your first completely AI driven ships moves to take out an enemy fleet and succeeds, you'll be hooked."
76561198068192340,Recommended,268650,12005657,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Trigrhappy1,"Where do I even begin. Amazing game, From the RTS like perspective of the campaign mode, down to the very last detail of customization, this game has proven so far to be weeks if not moths of fun. It is challenging, rewarding and just plain addictive because of the level of creativity available to you. Not only is it well developed but the developers are constantly listening and helping on the game's forums. From the depths is sure to soon make its way to the top of the rising ""block construction"". Even now in it's alpha stages it is diverse, well done, and a blast to play with so much more to come considering this is the tip of the iceberg.In a 1 out of 10 rating I'd give it an 11."
76561198011961991,Recommended,268650,12671048,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,LunarCataphract,"I am not going to have this review be anything more than a review of the features I have experienced, namely the construction mode, piloting a boat and the controls in general. I'm going to start with the construction mode which I feel is the strongest part of the game. In the construction mode the controls are great, they work very well once you learn them which was annoying at start but once I learned what I was doing it got less irritating. There's a huge learning curve involved in this game but numerous online videos and ingame turtorials assist in this matter. My only real grievance with the construction mode is that forward, left, right and backwards are all relevant to the camera instead of being fixed. I personally do not consider this a weak point of the game mearly a different feature that appeals to different people depending upon who you are. The only final issue I have with the building mode is how you can'thave blocks levitate in mid air which I would have found very useful at it'd let me place down ""borders"" for my vehicle. One other issue I have with the game is the inability to move blocks around after you place them down or select more than one block at a time. To sum this pargraph up the building mod is good and has a very strong series of core mechanics, if with a difficult and often annoying learning curve as well as a few control issues and lack of helpful features here and there.The controls are great for piloting boats, not sure if they work for aeroplanes or the other vehicles as my personal lack of enjoyment with the game drove me off it before I got to that point, but when it comes to using turrets on rotating bases I found the only way I could decently aim was to stand on them which resulted in the turret being shot at an me getting knocked off, all the while I was being shot at. Personally I believe just removing the robot you played as would be easier for the game. When you're in the building mode this removal of the robot figure would simply place you as a disembodied camera. And when controlling vehciles being a disembodied camera wouldn't be useful I admit but a feature that ""locks"" you to the vehicle looking over it in a third person angle would be much easier. The final point I have to make regarding vehicle controls relates to the weapons and how they are only controlled if you're close to them, at least that was how the means of controlling them seemed. This system of only being able to control vehicles you're robot is standing on or close to sounds a little silly to me, after all you could easily get seperated from your vehicle due to incoming attacks.Over all I give From the Depths a personal 6/10 and I would recomended it if games of this nature are your cup of tea.+Creative and interesting concept.+Good mechanics are sound+Entertaining creating/building system-Intimidating learning curve-Feels unpolished in some areas-Weapons can be difficult to use."
,Recommended,268650,12793922,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,neekz0r,"I've only played this game for three hours. I. am. addicted.There is a steep learning curve (and I'm not even close to being functional) but they went out of their way to provide tutorials suited for how people like to learn. Videos. Manuals. Do-it-yourself. Actual in game tutorial (build this, now build this, now click this). So, sure, the learning curve is steep but you don't feel left out in the cold.So, I have to say, great game and I can't wait to see where it goes from here."
76561198023734535,Recommended,268650,11789025,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MadHatter,The game is a lot of fun in it's current state. I can see real potential with this one. The developer has great communication with the player base. He also seems to update frequently. Out of all the early access games i have bought this is one of the few i would recommend to my friends.
,Recommended,268650,12746606,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,GodSpeed Naruto,Really amazing game still very early at the time of this review but definitely worth the money
76561198079718398,Recommended,268650,12004998,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Razick,"I am enjoying the game very much. The freedom to build and fight your own vehicles is amazing, and it works beautifully for an Alpha game. I do have some suggestions though:1) In creative mode, WSAD should always control horizontal plane and♥♥♥♥♥♥and space the vertical plane regardless of which way you are facing. The current method is unweildy.2) Please, please, please: Instead of having our characters be miniature helicopters that slide and bounce around, just give us humanoid avatars subject to gravity so we can walk around.3) Enemies should preferably be fastened to the deck for the most part. Hovering character melee/close quarters firearm combat is not fun.Obviously this is an alpha and glitches and mechanics problems are to be expected, but these are my biggest gripes. Overall, great game! I highly reccommend it."
76561198093269956,Recommended,268650,12427083,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Blaze,You can do ANYTHING.
76561198091012586,Recommended,268650,12837831,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Mike Echo,"Awsome Game! Though it takes a little bit to get to ""know"" the game it's all right! The tourtorial is VERY helpful and if you read it well you can get a working boat in less then 2 minutes!Day 1: Built a working boat and a failed turret."
76561197980651999,Recommended,268650,13077003,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Wonko the Sane,We resemble but are legally distinct from the Borg. Your biological and technological distinctiveness will be added to our own. Resistance is futile.
,Recommended,268650,13210244,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Feed,"I've just stumbled onto this little gem.So yes, it's early access and it's iffy.  The UI could be better, for sure.  That said, the scope of what is ALREADY HERE is pretty flippin astounding.  All the different parts, and how they fit and work together to form your glorious, autonomous, kamikazi drone army... and then set them to war.  Seriously ambitious.  GET IT AND LET'S PLAY!!!"
76561198161971435,Recommended,268650,13221757,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,vincentb74,Great game very technical but great none the less
,Recommended,268650,13205712,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,CapitalistCookie,"Amazing game, So much customizablility!!!!!! The controls do get some getting use to, but otherwise I see why they chose this control scheme for this game, it is just so useful once you learn how to use it!!!"
76561197988688657,Recommended,268650,13250326,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Mullie,Nice game. Steep learning curve but very enjoyable.The developer is also very active in the forums
76561198027092125,Recommended,268650,12844313,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,nikko1112,Worth every penny.
76561198110033342,Recommended,268650,12673761,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,glowy01,"This game is a cool concept, but the controls are just horrible.EDIT: The developer has been nice enough to tell me there is a different control scheme therefor I am changing my review to positive. All in all this game is very good, can can essentially recreate any historical (or not) ship, plane, tank, or zeppelin.  And what more you can control them with realistic physics."
,Recommended,268650,11754017,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Coyote,awesome game a little complicated i cant figure out how to go to space
76561198073091803,Recommended,268650,11769805,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Dav3willfindya,it can be a little hard to understand how to play the game even with the tutorial but it is a verry good game after you lern how to play
,Recommended,268650,13253528,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Crunchynut,"One of the most amazing games I've come across on steam from an Indie games developer.Nick Smart - the creator, is beyond talented when it comes to game design - mechanics that have so much depth! His extraordinary superpower to churn out amazing, fresh, community driven, and well concieved ideas into great features faster than a team of highly trained keyboard-mashing programmer-bots is astounding!10/10 would bang on first date."
76561198008382415,Recommended,268650,13012450,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,"No Tux, No Bux","10/10 - Great game. Works perfectly on Linux.This isn't ""yet another block building game."" Rather, it's a very unique mix of strategy and vehicle combat. It's as if you could design and build the units in a RTS game like Starcraft and run around on the battlefield with them. No other game does what FtD does."
76561198130505841,Recommended,268650,13138127,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,m_hermannsen,the game is great based on the reviews and youtube but when i open it on my macbook pro after the blue skie logo goes away then it stays i tried to open it on all the graphic setting and it stayed on that black screen with all the copyright stuff at the bottom right and i also tried to mouse over the game application and it said application not responding i hope its just a bug with the game and it will get fixed
,Recommended,268650,13230847,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Silver Sparkle _ (Poni),"Great Physics and Graphics and the amout of things you can create is amazing with the added open world is hours of fun, Nothing like flying on sailing boat into space because I can."
76561198057770361,Recommended,268650,12846287,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,sagehornkaleb,"This game has so much potential it could blow space engineers out of the water. Seriously. This game deserves so much attention and money that if I was rich, I would dontate a billion dollars to this game. This game is so creative, so imaginitive and so innovative it blew me away. I am really, really hyped for new features, as should everyone on steam."
76561198107174507,Recommended,268650,13259338,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Olivine,"The extent of customization and fine tuning surprised me. Especially for AI that allows for smarter allies and enemies. With some performance and multiplayer polish, it'll be a great game."
76561198275035125,Recommended,268650,28281726,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,A Paper Builder,"With over 180 hours as I write this, I figured I should give it a review (I'll update it when the full version comes out). The game has a massive learning curve, but it's a lot of fun once you learn it. The new tracking system is ineresting, and realistic, but annoying. I figure you need about 20+ hours of gameplay, several youtube tutorials and steam guides. The weapons are easy enough to grasp, once you understand them. The game is the most fun towards the end of the campaigns and the sandbox mode, where you have near unlimited resources to fuel an overly powerful war machine. The large explosions are always fun to watch, especially one of the HMS Ragnorak turrets, although it is rare (on the workshop, creation by Robbaz). Well worth the time and money, especially if you got it on sale. I would highly reccomend this. Have fun!IGN 7.8/10 Too much water"
,Recommended,268650,22934003,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,spongebob did 9/11,I have barely made a functional ship.
,Recommended,268650,23840023,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bamberooni,This game is cooler than the other side of the pillow.
,Recommended,268650,27916020,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,fatboychummy,"10/10Whether you like blowing stuff up, watching things blow up, getting blown up, or blowing your own stuff up, this game is for you.If you like building, killing, or even the logistics of controlling your 200+ forces around a map for no other reason than to hopefully murder everything in your path, this game is for you.You can build huge rockets, and accidentally kill your whole fleet (Who needs Identify Friend/Foe addons anyways?).You can build space lazers, and begin FIRIN YER OWN LAZAAAAR!You can make particle cannons, and watch holes get ripped right through ships.Oh look, shields!  Slap them everywhere!  Oh crap now my boat needs 30x it's current engine HorsePower...Fly a jet!...Crash a jet!Go nuts and build a huge cube with a tiny gun on top!Build the deathstar!Completely customize your weapon shells so you can literally flip a boat around 100000 times the size of the bullet that hit it.  (Graviton ram shell).You can build a completely over-powered boat with one absolutely huuuuuuuge turret on top that can fire at 3 bullets per second!Put saw blades on the bottom of your boat and run other ships over -- Who needs turrets?Put tactical nukes on the tip of your ship and ram people to death with it!Get rekt MANY times!All in all, fun game."
76561197992897420,Recommended,268650,27924455,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gavin_Capacitor,"The amount of things you can build in this are staggering, and while it is still complicated, the building interface is the best I've seen. This and beseiged are the only early access games I believe aren't scams."
76561198039370313,Recommended,268650,27937488,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DarkWarEngine,"This is the most in-depth and engaging game I've ever played. If i lost it from my account I'd pay $100 to get it back. Countless hours I've spent just building different and efficient vehicles to use in the singleplayer campaign.The amount of content and customizability will put people off, as you need to sink afew hours into learning how anything works, but before long you'll end up building your own engines, cannons and drones to accompany your ships. Astonishing what a dev team can do - you guys rock harder than a quarry.11/10"
,Recommended,268650,27915337,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nut Zach,Fix the AI but everything else is good.
76561198169266288,Recommended,268650,25800539,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,WanderingShadow,"-Builds up an entire armada of sea and air ships-Wins battle after battle, eventually stomping the Deep Water Guard, Onyx watch and white flayers.-Gets too cocky and decides to anger the scarlet dawn.-Gets♥♥♥♥♥***** because of lasers.10/10 would provoke again.but something entirely diffrent... you gotta learn how to play this game... i've put in A LOT of time in learning, and even now, 270 hours later, i'm still learning new♥♥♥♥♥♥so, if you are inpatient or just VERY bad at RTS games, don't buy this... because it will put your creativity and patience to the test.So long story short, if you willing to spend time learning this game, you won't regret it.PostScript.Those willing to learn, can always contact peeps like me to get some teachin', though i won't be able to teach you stuff like LUA and♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Recommended,268650,29308786,Posted: 16 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,YES YES YES! (Although a little complex) 5/6!
,Recommended,268650,18680817,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Innocent Bystander,"This game has a learning curve like you wouldent belive, But if you can hold through it with mediums like youtube tutorials and playing around in the designer mode you will find this game is really eorth all the time you put in. Having spent 50 hours in game and much more than that watching youtube videos for it let me say this, its worth it."
,Recommended,268650,18712349,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mr. Ethnic Cleansing,"This game is totally worth the money... if you spend the time learning how to do anything. I have 1 tip, DO THE TUTORIAL. This game has a HUGE learning curve and can be very annoying. Starting out i recomend just capturing an enemy ship to learn its internals and basic layouts of its type. If you want to get more complicated, there are plenty of high tier enemys and great designs in the works shop to learn off of. Making anything in this game is an art, if you make somthing with little thought and testing dont expect it to do much.Oh if you have friends you can play together, multiplayer is WAY BETTER than before, so if anyone said it was buggy or whatever its alot better now.The onlything this game needs is space exploration, it has space but its pretty empty right now (no pun intended)"
76561198160332468,Recommended,268650,23574694,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Admiral_Gravleos,*Sees enemy fleet encroacing on newly made fortress. *Sets up battle. *Sees that Destroyer hasn't been able to load in to block limit. *Raises block limit. * Spawns Deepwater Guard fortifications and an ATLAS. * Immediately shoots missles at land fortifications. * Follow's missles. * Realize they don't have enough fuel. * Missle launcher hit destroyed 1 cannon and a missle launcher. Refits other launcher with more fuel.* launches two missle salvos. * launcher destroyed. *Enemy Atlas above me. *Try to lower block limit in veign hope it will end battle. It doesn't* Lost all but one gun from enemy fortifcation cannon. *Pray that the ATLAS's AI is dumb. *Tries to order ship to run. * Ship won't run. * ATLAS Starts shooting at me. * Lost 50% of craft. * Turns off Air Pumps in attempt to submerge craft and mute the cannons from the enemy. *Cannons slice through the water still as dangerous above. * Seeing no other option I pull a tactical retreat. *Close game and try to remember at what point I saved it.  100/10 Love this game. Have an idea for a missle launcher boat.
76561198189521866,Recommended,268650,33926212,Posted: 31 July,all,ROCKA,very fun game
76561198034359392,Recommended,268650,20935480,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,-=WilD=-,"Day1: What the hell, what do i do? WELP! (forums, google, youtube, steam, spamming all over).Day2: I can make a ship with a working engine and homming rockets and turrets and drills w00t!Cant wait for day 3 :D11/10 hours spent trying to figure how to make my engine to work"
,Not Recommended,268650,32850585,Posted: 27 June,all,HappyHurtzlickn,"Tried twice, still sucks.  The concept is amazing but it's just not there yet.  I'll sure I'll download it again once it's a bit closer to finished."
,Recommended,268650,15844279,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,review brah survived at dennys,-I can't make anything except a little raft without it falling over10/10edit: nevermind now i can make a big metal raft and have it not fall over9/10
,Recommended,268650,16083470,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The Cardboard Knight,30 mins into the game a massive fleet of 20 ships 5 planes/blimps there was 3 destroyers 4 gunships 5 anti air ships and 8 small ships i went from ship to ship either blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up or destroying the ai mainframe. anyway this is one of the best (and sometimes funniest) games I have ever played
,Recommended,268650,18950378,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Greensl,Very nice.
,Recommended,268650,18878351,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mjp11,Fantastic game. Ultimate creative sandbox experience. Can build anything from ships to subs and coastal fortresses. Highly recommend.
76561198168732382,Recommended,268650,20238469,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DjWars,I FRICKIN LOVE THIS GAME!!!! Heres Why:1.Started in vehicle designer2.Built a starter ship3. try it out against a easy ship from the DWG4.Was REKT5.Tryed Again6.They were rekt7.Tried A mission.8.REKT9.Tryed Campaign10.Spawned in11.20 minutes later the DWG attacked12 I GOT REKT10/10 Would get rekt again
,Recommended,268650,27954162,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bigeye 6,"If you want a ship building game, in which you will spend lots of time building a ship only to watch it get killed in one shot, then this is a very good game. And is pretty much unique."
,Recommended,268650,20991942,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,FREDRICK,You could say this game is  very in-depth...
76561198015275473,Recommended,268650,21100233,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,im shit,I like shooting things.
76561198119074136,Recommended,268650,22790470,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ™,Hard but rewarding.
,Recommended,268650,15286407,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,[InXA] liek837,"This game is fun, but WHY DO I HAVE TO UNLOCK THE CAMPAIGN?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! ITS RIDICULOUS! Anyway, please tell me why story missions are so weird and why the second one is unbeatable. 2 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,268650,18249305,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Knight of Rosen,"This is honestly my favorite game on steam. Sure it's not perfect it has some bugs and a huge learning curve, but when you get use to everything it is a real blast.Thank you robbaz for making a video series on this letting me find it."
,Recommended,268650,18023921,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Spoopy Palm Tree,"At first i was building tiny ships with giant engines that flipped into space when i put even a little throttle on it but then i saw youtube videos of a guy who bult titanics on his first day so i got inspired and i bult a 50 ton war machine. i r8 8/8 m8 it was gr8 :)  P.S. at this price, and this good of a game, just buy it."
76561198142340876,Recommended,268650,32531056,Posted: 18 June,all,Trailmix767,By far the best game I own
,Recommended,268650,29591651,Posted: 30 January,all,ℚฬ℩ℬ⋠ℚฬ℩ℬ,dont have time to learn sorry. good game tho
76561198133864750,Recommended,268650,24620589,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,O1ympus,"Game is extremly fun, but has a huge learning curve. If you're willing to put in a few hours to learn how to play. Doing the tutorials, and most likely watching videos, then you should def. buy this game. Even if you're skeptical about learning, the game is extremly fun after you have. If you like construction games like Space Engineers, then this game is perfect for you."
76561198100024473,Recommended,268650,19884974,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,medal123,"Missile dodging, bomb dropping flying squirrels.10/10"
,Recommended,268650,18865122,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,MJRAHOLE,"So Addicting to me, it's like Besiege Meets Minecraft, buildin' rockets are great, warfare, knock yourself out by building stuff like Warships, Submarines, Fortresses, Spacecraft, n' other stuff, so sail the seas and own the enemy.There is even the option to build your planet up, I have made Micro Wars because of this, MicroWars is famous on the workshop (might change soon), and I'm proud of it.There is Story, Missions, and a guide to help keep players in the game if they are having trouble."
76561198292654807,Recommended,268650,33446532,Posted: 10 July,all,LittleLittenGameing,this game is pretty decent its hard for gamers and creative for everyone that includes everyone in the world but i think its awesome so meny parts a pieces to build aircraft boats and subs its epic        ps im looking for freinds that play this and do not cuss
76561198020760454,Not Recommended,268650,16014811,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Scorpio,"Cool concept nothing more.IMOThe controls are so bad it was the most annoyed i ever been in a building type game.  Once you get past the controls the game is crap. You can rebind things and even place a wheel unit and rebind it aswell..alot of work for something that should be basic.The  game is just all around clunk with annoying controls followed up by a ton of menus and weird options and crappy cam angles With a Avatar that gets stuck to walls can't walk up a ramp etc,etc,.etc. Bad.The lag and small scale battles are boring. (you are forced to play small scale cause this sandbox has a block counter that is crap and broken) or so laggy its unplayable.The lack of metal is just flat out dumb.The Ai in the campaign needs a ton of work.(and there is bugs that will put a stop to the campaign.)During battles huge words pop up during the fight like>> YOU LEVELED UP!!!!blacking out the screenDuring the battles the game goes from choppy to laggy. Even on beast pcs like mine.Unless its like 3 or 4 ships..but you get my drift. SMALL SHIPS...lol dont build anything BIG BRUH!Even has slow mo on most,maybe all explosions ,as if thats needed. sllllowwww moOOOooooOMGWith it set to the highest setting the game really still looked pretty bad. The water did look nice thoEA trash at this point imo let the haters hate......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...I think you should waste your money on this."
76561198353426051,Recommended,268650,33647024,Posted: 19 July,all,eesd991,please korea speak
76561198274575293,Recommended,268650,24824870,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,THE HYPER ACTIVE PANDA,From the depthes is a grest game for anyone who likes navalewarfar or just a relaxing time desging ships the only downside is costuomer suppourt is awful i asked the developers when dangorus waters will be complete and im on day 3 of waiting for a response
,Recommended,268650,25092792,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Falco,"Much frustration - yesA lot of missile spam - yesBuilding Op Cannons - yesDo i have an overpowered AP Annihilasor - yesare there sick hovercrafts - yesis it easy to build stuff - yesis this game worth the price - yes - also supports the developer who needs food , shelter , electricity , a loving fan-basewill i be making sick weapons - mabeyis there a way to wreck everything in youre path - yes if you know how to spam shells XDshould you look up this cancer reasercher who plays this game - yes - youtube :https://www.youtube.com/user/Lathland, twitch :https://www.twitch.tv/lathrixwhy i dont do videos or streams of this game - because you will die cuz of meis there an easy AI setup - yes 010110111010101010011110010111100000011011111100010110101001101010101000101101010101010101010011010110101110101010101011010101010101111010100111111101010101010111101010101010101010101010101010110101010101101101010101101011101010110101010110101101010101011101011011101010110101101010110101010101001010110101001010011010101010110111101101111001010101010110111101001010101000101010100101010101010101010011001000111001010101010000111001100011110101001010010000001111100000010001000011000000101011111111000001111100000000000000011111110000001111000010110001010101100am i gona die in this game - A DAMN LOT OF TIMES Xdwill i make a tutorial on how you can start and undersand this game - mabeydid i waste a lot of time on this game cuz its awesome - yup 45.2 H this week / 294.2 H on recordare there a lot of space enemies at this time (2016/23/8) - unfortunatly no :<will i expand this list - in some time ...................."
,Recommended,268650,33006790,Posted: 29 June,all,UniQMG◙,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥They took an early access block builder besiege-esque naval combat simulator and actually made it performant, uncluttered, and actually fun.Oh and you can actually get bouyancy and a lack of visual water from sealed spaces (They can flood too). Really helps realism.Edit:Get in a massive battle during a storm where your ships are taking heavy damage and your framerate is below 20. The ambiance is absolutely amazing. Lightning strikes, general slow camera movement (actually a plus here) and just the general grayness while fireworks go off through your ship is the best thing ever."
,Recommended,268650,16309476,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TauNeutrino,10/10 would blow up again
76561198123023933,Recommended,268650,18403334,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Monstercoot,Amazing
76561198066184735,Recommended,268650,24472144,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,YouTubePhantom,"lags alot, but who the hell cares? BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198190423213,Recommended,268650,24444065,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Bill Nye The TF2 Guy,"This is a very advanced game but i find it very creative and fun, i hope you would enjoy this game :)"
76561198068534559,Recommended,268650,24447944,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,bigzzzz2000,There is so much to do i cant figure out where to start
,Recommended,268650,24499833,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ravetrooper,"Story is fun, I love making new ships and destorying THY ENEMIES."
,Recommended,268650,25141854,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Ray,"Fantastic, but multiplayer could use some work."
76561197999715818,Recommended,268650,16472070,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CC | Thunderbird,"Very addicting, very entertaining game for people who like to fiddle with things and build enormous machines of death and destruction. Quite a bit of a learning curve, but plenty of materials, videos and ingame hints to learn from, very helpful community (on the official forums anyway) and a very active developer.Graphics might not be the best, but it more than makes up for that with the gameplay, and the amount of silly things you can build, kill or be killed with."
,Recommended,268650,30592715,Posted: 18 March,all,Matdex,"I've had this game since 2015 and it ia a great game, a bit complex but thats what makes it fun. You can build boats, helicopters, planes, tanks, drones and anything really."
,Recommended,268650,34646984,Posted: 31 August,all,MrWhale,If you got minecraft and robocraft together to have a baby you would get this game11/10 would play again
,Recommended,268650,15794378,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,XtremeGming,"The true selling moment for this game for me, was when an entire fleet of ships appeared over the horizon. The following battle was amazing and satisfying to be able to see the ships that I had been building up for hours previously fight off a more powerful force."
76561198061413497,Recommended,268650,15995882,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Lightning9973,"I say this is a good game to play, unless your a disabled vet like me that had a very hard time unlocking all the mission items, but got it done finely. then the new update was released and it reset all the mission unlocks making the game unplayable for me. I can't keep trying to unlock them it was hard enough the first time.... At least for me."
76561198036258360,Recommended,268650,16026618,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,[EIQ] [TRE] JTJAR,its a great game
76561198203783580,Recommended,268650,15782599,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Lunatic_Fox,"Trying to build a working auto turret is like trying to hit a fly with sniper rifle, while riding a horse and wearing a blindfold. After a few hours you still have no idea what youre doing. The controls were made by satan, gameplay is great, concept is great 8/10 would reccomend,"
76561198159357920,Recommended,268650,15833428,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Crabbyslayer,Guns? yes AI? yes Muiltiplayer? yes
,Recommended,268650,28030328,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Darjeeling,Why you should play this game:-Build insane stuff-Voxel based ship destruction-Complicated mechanics that take a while to master-Steam Workshop(SHAMELESS PLUGIN CHECK OUT MAH STEAM WORKSHOP LUL)
76561198073738981,Recommended,268650,28074787,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chico,Its really good
76561198018953506,Recommended,268650,28012130,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,知っているプロに,Just so damm epiczzzz
,Recommended,268650,27982798,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Neo,Game built by smart people for smart people. I am not smart.
76561198079324984,Recommended,268650,27996905,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,queenbloxar,"Quite difficult to learn how to do the finer things, but an overall super amazing game (for it being in early access as well) , even playing with a mediocre skill level like mine"
76561198124475255,Recommended,268650,23729049,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,sabertoothproton,"This game has one of the most powerful vehicle designers I have ever seen. You can build ships planes and almost anything you can think of. My faveorite part is the weapons system. Instead of slapping on a fully funcional gun as most building games do it you have to build your weapons using a combination of blocks that each have diffrent effects on the final weapon. With one block set you can make the main guns of your battleship, the small AA guns and anything in between The game currently supports cannons missiles lasers and particle acclerators and more are constantly being added as w speak In my opinion this is the best early acess I have played but it feels so complete that it could be a finished product"
76561197970964078,Recommended,268650,17685329,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,sausagesoldier,This is epic. Advanced lego
76561198228868008,Recommended,268650,22992006,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Electron Gaming,1000000000 out of 10. The BEST sandbox game. the survival mode isnt really my style though
,Recommended,268650,26424009,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jayden_shad(Jay),"This is a great game with plenty of potentialMy ONLY complaint is that updates are so slow, BUT it is understandable on physics scale the devs are working on."
,Recommended,268650,26423003,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,LIRI1,i do like this game a lot.LIKE A LOT.i've been playing this game for a year now and im having a lot a fun.anyways the real thing that i would suggest is removing the NAT as i could not join any servers with NAT enabled.only disabled NAT servers work for me
76561198261881220,Recommended,268650,32615058,Posted: 21 June,all,jb419816,By far this is my favorite game I've ever played on steam. I have almost 500 hours of play and I think this game is worth the cost it has its fair share of bugs but what game doesn't? My favorite part about this game is it grows your imagination and creativity by learning the many machines of the game finally this game actually gets hard unlike other wannabe developers
,Recommended,268650,33205218,Posted: 3 July,all,Felix Argyle,"Incredible game, quite hard to get into, but immensely rewarding once you do so."
76561198041536252,Recommended,268650,24090673,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[SWF] BrandonBSaysWhat,"Almost 100 hours and I still don't know how to do♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would look over all the prebuilt ships againBut seriously, it's actually a very good game. It just takes forever to learn the mechanics. If you want some advice, look over the finished enemy ships to see why they work."
,Recommended,268650,33798749,Posted: 25 July,all,ma boii,it's ok
76561198152464684,Recommended,268650,32606819,Posted: 20 June,all,[31stLA] [31stHRF] Trench,Big Boy Minecraft10/10
76561198215347459,Recommended,268650,23420014,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,TheLegend27,great game with unimaginable freedom
76561198063400740,Recommended,268650,19771404,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Pigeon,u just broke my game with this updatewell done XDDD
,Recommended,268650,16375545,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Muppet King,"I find this game so very enthralling.  I have endless hours of fun building ships, airplanes, subs, and tweaking them to be combat effective and resouce efficent.  The learning curve can be a bit steep but the community is very helpful with answering questions, and there is a lot good documentation available to help get you started with building.  Plus the game is updated very frequently and new features are added all the time.I find this game so very enthralling.  I have endless hours of fun building ships, airplanes, subs, and tweaking them to be combat effective and resouce efficent.  The learning curve can be a bit steep but the community is very helpful with answering questions, and there is a lot good documentation available to help get you started with building.  Plus the game is updated very frequently and new features are added all the time."
76561198070798979,Recommended,268650,13713912,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DefConHeavy,I love the bulding and story mode in this game the only limit to what you can build is what your computer can handle.
76561197977892146,Recommended,268650,16399493,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,M6Hurricane,"No tutorials or instructions given. I have no idea how to build anything, and the campaign is for ""advanced users only""edit: Thank you to the developer for commenting and correcting my review. There are tutorials, I just didn't see them. I have since revised my review because I was wrong but also because of the  quick response from the development team."
76561198324204081,Recommended,268650,28265208,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,RavenMast3r,this game is super funme and my friend spend hours building planes and fighting them
76561198326641814,Recommended,268650,26703544,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jcahoon02,I love this game! What a creative idea and it has so much depth. There are soooo many possibilities with this game and I can't wait to see it when it is complete.
,Recommended,268650,17677030,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,FireFly,It's all fun and games until you meet the Bulwark on highest difficulty.There's no escaping the Bulwark with its top speed off 8.
,Recommended,268650,19978985,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mr.Bacon,"Very good game and very complex, but can eat FPS at times (like during battle). Alot of the gameplay is building, like turrets n'stuff, but it takes a long time to learn how to build them. The game is very hard, and is somthing you won't pick up in an hour and expect to know everything. Expect to put quite a bit of time in learning how to build (and the tutorials dont really help too much)."
76561198205125068,Recommended,268650,31905851,Posted: 22 May,all,wolftron3000,The game itself is good but i woud need a customiesable controls for building and co. that would make it so much friendly too newer players
,Recommended,268650,31689646,Posted: 11 May,all,dewey the lead niⓖⓖer,great game just needs a little better optimazation it is easly one of my favorite games
76561198047969701,Recommended,268650,34117212,Posted: 8 August,all,SirLordJizzantium™,this is a whowl tumble weed of fun
,Recommended,268650,33908353,Posted: 30 July,all,WeaponizedBenis,Please Please please add in sea currents and anchors! I'm a very big fan and would absolutely LOVE to make my flying dutchman the real deal!!! (A simple system like the o'l oil drills) And cables for decoration purposes!!!Thanks so much!
76561198073881301,Not Recommended,268650,20724757,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SmellyToad,I bought the game first thing i relise is wow 10 fps.
76561198259707705,Recommended,268650,35114328,Posted: 21 September,all,gagerg71,this game is great i love it ive alreaady poured 50 hours into it fair warning though it is much more complex than it looks
76561198135019356,Recommended,268650,35077322,Posted: 19 September,all,uncle bourbon,"amazing game, lots of options. let my hours show"
76561198150046281,Recommended,268650,28660932,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lardachu,amazing.
76561198274233969,Recommended,268650,31161902,Posted: 15 April,all,cREAM oF aSS,"Only one thing to say about this, GOOD!!!!!"
,Recommended,268650,32484167,Posted: 16 June,all,"Tzeentch, Changer of Ways",This game is hard.
,Recommended,268650,26924572,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kellen - Dank Memes,Spent waaay too much time in this game.
,Recommended,268650,28238023,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Britannic45,Made fort destroyed people
,Recommended,268650,18448390,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Blanjipan,What the ♥♥♥♥ am I doing simulator 2019 edition11teen/10 would sink destroyer by placing one wood block again
,Recommended,268650,18206523,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Konoko,"This game has shown me that indie games can be absolutely awesome.Maybe I'm just a fast learner, but after a bit of messing about I'm already making great things. And I'm still just messing about in the designer, building stuff without constraints and such. Which is beyond fun by the way.And you see all those ridiculously fancy pants thingos in the screenshots? I just want you to know that while all these things are huge complex things which probably took whoever made em days on end painstakingly working everything out to the very last block, they're things you and I can make too. I get the odd sensation when I'm playing From the Depths that, yes, anything is possible.Unlike Minecraft, you've got way, way, waaaay more block shapes to choose from. There COULD be a few more shapes, but I'd say that'd just be going overboard, as it is I'm perfectly happy with it. I can make good looking boats, planes, helicopters, anything with what I've been given. In addition, you've got blocks that MOVE. As in, you point your mouse, a tiny spin block points to where your mouse is pointing.Unlike Garry's Mod, you have far more freedom with your weapons and materials. You don't have to hunt through the prop list to find exactly what you need, no, it's always right there in front of you, ready to be grabbed. And it's actually fun killing stuff. Obviously less physics based than Gmod, but, well, you're never really going to want to pull out a catapult to fight a boat when you could fire a cannon instead. Or a laser. Or a missile. It's fun killing stuff.And unlike Robocraft, this game is not actually♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's satisfying to kill things. When things lose blocks, they get blown off and float around for a while before disappearing. When you hit something with a really really big cannon, and it does a lot of damage, it really feels like it. There's no stupid block limits or anything. Unless you build something outside of the designer, which I have not done, since the designer gives me all I need: materials, and infinite space.Seriously, I know this looks like just another block-based building game, but it's the one that I've been waiting for (metaphorically). I wasn't expecting this even to be good. But it is. Just testing out my designs against enemy ships and planes is beyond exhilarating.If you've got $20 to spend, pick this game up. It's eyebrow-raisingly expensive for an indie game, but I'm saying it's well worth it at present."
,Not Recommended,268650,32140194,Posted: 2 June,all,۞Archer ✠,"This is a very good game, with alot of flawsyou cant build a massive detailed ship, because the game will be laggy as helldevelopers seems to be focusing on adding new stuff rather than fixing current lag issuesthe lack of shapes is kinda annoying, once you've build a medium-large design that looks nice, you probably will end up having major difficulties finishing it due to the lack of shape support, alot of the shapes just wont go neatly togheter....combat system is awesome, the variety of shells and missiles you can make makes it so fun, but the lag and the massive memory leakage really ruins the whole experiencei have a good pc with 32gb ram and 4.5ghz cpu and i get massive unplayable lags whenever i build anything big, or any major battles going oni love this game....but DONT GET IT, the lag in it just ruins the whole game, this can be fixed by the developers, but they rather add new contents rather than fix the problems.just like every other early access developers, make a game look good with alot of potential and ignore the fundmanental problems.Note to the developers:Stop making new items and features and fix the god damn lag and memory leak, this is more important than getting 50 new ways to make a ♥♥♥♥ing engine-.-'"
,Not Recommended,268650,24803828,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Grilled Salmon,"Bring back 5 resource system. The one resource system with ""tech"" is too simplistic and makes engine building and resource nodes less meaningful."
76561198136293892,Recommended,268650,15765644,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,acks12,"OMG I LOVE TGIS GAME but please make multiplayer better, also water can go threw walls, that makes no sense, and what is the point of the campain? but other than that this is my new favorite game."
,Recommended,268650,16926226,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Alive/Jarrod,"From the Depths is an great Minecraft/Robocraft game is probaly the best way to put it. This game has great detail you can make the eninge and guns to make the system run at it's best I haven't had the chance to check out the muiltplayer yet so theres not alot I can say about that not thing is the Ai is great the learning curve on the game is still very sharp next thing is  the Eemey growth factor it seems that if you have it on one more easier ships will come if you have 0.1 more harder it is I think it is the way the Ai behave but it is extremly annoying to try and deal with. the next thing is the ""One day blocks"" It really isn't gonna do much as it is in most casses people are gonna rise it either way.It would be nice if you could add an misson where the basic block placing would be explaned and basic ship building skills insted of the way it is now the map It would be nice to have an option so you could turn fog of war off I don't like it much but thats all I can really fault about the game I am just going to recommend the game as it is barely but if a couple of theese issues are fixed I could easily recommend."
76561198157027101,Recommended,268650,17527516,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Mended Gaming,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,268650,26220618,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Skolgoete,38 hours in and I still don't know what I'm actually doing.
76561198058132397,Recommended,268650,20499541,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dr. Chris (Leader of Wumbology),>Be me.>Buying random games on sale.>See friend owns game.>Buys game because sale.>Opens game.>How the *** do i play?>Screw this. 10/10 uninstall sim.>Go to return game.>Friend calls me stupid.>Must reassert dominance.>redownload game.>proceed to get completely rekt.>runs like ****>980ti. Fantastic settings getting 20 fps on battle scenes.>wtf devs.>blame devs for me getting rekt b/c fps.>Hope for optimizations in future.>grudgingly turn down settings because toasters cant handle max settings.>Reccomend game because getting blown to dust was somehow entertaining.11/10 mindless building and destroying said builds
76561198153326796,Recommended,268650,27168514,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gustavus Adolphus,"From the Depths is a game centered about building your own vehicles in Naval Warfare.Be it a Frigate armed with a deadly swarm of Missiles, an airship with 500mm High explosive Cannons made out of steel, a Hovertank that shoots destructive Lasers capable of piercing armor and destroying the opponent from the inside, or perhaps even a plain WW2 styled bomber, the choice is up to you.The learningWallcurve may seem absurd and time consuming at first, but trust me, it will be worth it. There are so many different possibilities you can create in this game. One thing i can recommend is watching YouTubers (ex. ireLAN, Lathland) if you're stuck without any direction on what to do first. And do not forget about the guides, ignoring them would be huge mistake.Buy this game if you like:+ Building your own fleet piece by piece+ Slow paced gameplay+ Letting your Creativity looseDon't buy this game if you prefer:- Fast paced gameplay- Quick, Casual action- Jumping straight into the game, so to speak"
76561198108377217,Recommended,268650,28126927,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,cwtheking,how to put ftd in a comment well its hard its a complex hard to learn master of non glitchyness its a boat builder / whatever building game with not just boats but air land and sea as well as space price is high but worth it if you have a IQ of albert instine the totorials are ... hard ... but over all 99% awsome if you know what your doing you will have a BLAST
76561198055465585,Not Recommended,268650,17637053,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,M A N U   S Q U A D,Easily THE WORST UI EVER CREATED. do not ♥♥♥♥ING BUY! 0/10 would not play again.
76561198123423728,Recommended,268650,12266801,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Smudz,"This game is 'mazin'. YOU GOTTA TRY IT MAN(or woman, I mean, don't wanna be sexist.)"
76561198236001826,Recommended,268650,24549801,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,THEDARKLORD1221,It is a fun game to play
76561198127153966,Recommended,268650,24550245,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,G0ATIN,I love this game i just find the controls extreamly dificult
76561198122996532,Recommended,268650,30587685,Posted: 18 March,all,A-ยุ่ม,Good
,Recommended,268650,32930537,Posted: 28 June,all,Letus_1234,complex
,Recommended,268650,32919297,Posted: 28 June,all,Spook Sprave,An easy game to pick up with always something new to learn and to adapt to.
76561198044515439,Recommended,268650,28363461,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Elorm (Shavarath),"Absolutely love it, its so gud"
76561198121066809,Recommended,268650,13973490,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,horsebrackets,"Holy crap what an awsome game!I've been blowing up ships, getting blown up by ships, theres flying stuff, cannons, drills, big swinging cranes with cannons and drills on them, theres carnage everywhere.I dont have the slightest idea whats going on or what I'm doing... but whatever it is, its great fun!!"
,Recommended,268650,21391299,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,yrk_games,If you have windows 10 IT WON'T WORK
,Recommended,268650,28572875,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,IM_BROWN_AMA,it's lit
,Recommended,268650,31327842,Posted: 23 April,all,Netherlandsball,It is a Great Game But Its Hard To Learn But After You Get it It Is a Fun And Addicting Game
,Recommended,268650,22039480,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Jake,there's like boats and stuff. I dont really understand.
76561198008379177,Recommended,268650,25707508,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Antizadrot,This is better then sex.
,Recommended,268650,14516825,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Isaacashtox,My torpedoes jump like dolphins. 10/10
76561198112981059,Recommended,268650,13210993,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,choglit,"Spent along time making my first ship,now i need to learn how to make the thing move........GREAT GAME"
76561198141495535,Recommended,268650,13083676,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Autistic Muslim,beat game ever play
76561198071966963,Recommended,268650,14271683,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,vinster7,So yeah. You have some building games out there... you get bored. Some are really fun but don't last very long. But in this game. You can build a potato. With guns. And lasers. And missiles. And customizable AI. And a fleet of boats to support you. Or planes. Or spaceships to help you. Or submarines. And that was like 5% of the things you can do. Seriously.
76561198115681553,Recommended,268650,14230640,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Tektanium,this game is sick PS add mods to make it sicker 0ver 9000/10
76561198326797480,Recommended,268650,32782030,Posted: 25 June,all,lime9670,Help!! i accidentally deleted my eradicator shuttle by saving the space platform as it!!!
76561198098333816,Recommended,268650,24416220,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cosmic Owl,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198240229780,Recommended,268650,24523812,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,DayNighter,It's a pretty chill game. 0/10 would never get shreked again you lose everything 5/10 would totally let ftd crash my pc again 10/10 would sink to the bottom of the ocean while in spectator mode thingy and then an enemy would come and atack me and hit tab and be at the bottom of the ocean
76561198246300092,Recommended,268650,32900986,Posted: 27 June,all,scottdrj.ds,missllilasssss
76561197981279729,Recommended,268650,19398805,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,screwpubg,I just finished the tutorial.
,Recommended,268650,24690071,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,willie2000,*Golfclaps*
,Recommended,268650,22804577,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Fuzzipanda,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,268650,31080666,Posted: 11 April,all,seemoregames,words cant discibe the epicness
76561198220219056,Recommended,268650,25862318,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Gabe,keepdying should get this game
,Recommended,268650,19088542,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,hellatze,better than anything else for sandbox game.at least not some bullS.H.I.T survival
,Recommended,268650,20722142,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,EvilKenevil,"Very well designed game, good for the active minded person. This game is quite difficult at first, it still is now... Turrets are the hardest thing of this entire game i would say, still have not worked it out yet..."
76561197999118042,Recommended,268650,26232335,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Sleydr,Awesome Game. Just awesome.
,Recommended,268650,16049282,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Destroyer2508,"Though a little laggy this game exxeds all off my basic expectations from watching others play (youtube) it challenged my skill as a builder from similar games (robocraft and minecraft) right know my first build was a fortress that when in a resource ring it drains it pretty quikly but doesn´t take muck to repair and has a long view (antena whise) but i couldn´t manage to last against any of the forces that the DWG (Deep Water Guards) sent so i dicided to ""reporpuse"" theire own ships against them, i´m still struggling to survive but enough about me if your read through this you´ve lasted longer than expected and ill tell you that you´ve wasted enough time without this game."
76561198258040748,Recommended,268650,26163613,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Mental,Bit complicated but other than that good game.
76561198297402185,Recommended,268650,28501238,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Firefist05,good game only downside is it takes a good pc and internet
,Recommended,268650,24263374,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sw20k,great game
,Recommended,268650,17829919,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Jango_Dett,Ive only played an hour or two still dont understand how to build my own ship XD
76561198039709014,Not Recommended,268650,24616410,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Bombr,"I like these ""build your own vehicle"" games and so far I liked most I played. This game is not among them.After almost 2 hours spend in tutorial, I know ho to build little ship with engine in it and thats about it so far.In those 2 hours I encountered horrible controls and no fun.Its possible i could like this game eventually, but that would require more than 2 hours.I rather refund it. Better to be safe, than sorry.Especially involving Early Access games."
,Recommended,268650,15920800,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,[MG] Professor Petaflop,"To put it simply, once i took a look at this game.it was nice.so i decided to buy it.I did not know what i was getting into.this game can be absolutely beautiful, and if the game had a very stable multiplayer, i would be on it all the time.Currently im in an FTD steam group, and i have collected all the FTD coloring books.I have a large collection of FTD brand potatoes and i pray to Nick every nightNick is love, Nick is lifethat was sacreligious as ♥♥♥♥WHY ARE YOU NOT BUYING THIS GAME?"
76561198059539702,Not Recommended,268650,29929266,Posted: 14 February,all,Nothing But Seals,"I really want to like this game, it looks like fun and is right up my alley, but I have a few problems with it. Firstly is that I have put just over 3 hours into this game at this point and I am not even half-way done with the tutorial with is not a great first impression. I understand that the game is really indepth and you can do a wide variety of things once you get into the game but getting to that point is a slow and arduous process. If you are a person that just skips the tutorial and starts playing no problem then good for you, but I am not. Secondly, some of the tutorials are more like middleschool quizzes wich is a tad annoying in it's own right. And finaly, one of the tutorials is a little more interative than the others and requires you to build an engine (after eight tutorials of doing just that) which I did not have an easy time with because I accidentally hit the ""fill"" button while fixing the hull which caused me to take more time than usual which ment that NPCs spawned and attcked me whilst already trying to fix my ship and build an engine. I know that is something that you need to be able to do in the game itself, but I was unprepared for it and had to restart.All in all, looks fun, but the tutorial is a huge turn off for me which I would bupass except that I feel I need it and it levels your ""character"" which in turn gives you skills it looks like you need for the campaigns let alone multiplayer. Other people are not jokeing around when they say you will spend a week learning to play this game prior to ever actually playing it."
76561198040805280,Not Recommended,268650,34406637,Posted: 21 August,all,Seprent,Currently pending a refund my thoughts its a good looking game but it takes forever to build even with mirror and fill mode to build and then the weapon system is hard to wrap my head around while i did do the tutorials on the things i wanted to do and really tried to figure it out but i cant so if you do pick up this game be ready to spend some time more then 3 hours what id like to see is maybe a draw out then putting it in the game world becuase accidently cut off the wrong block and alot falls off and guess what you gotta start again since there isnt really a openly undo button that i could find so it takes more time and patience then im willing to give for that and then the weapons mechanics might need better indication of what is going where
,Recommended,268650,28399061,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Howitzer,"uh,"
,Recommended,268650,13857269,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ZeroSixThree,"WAIT ONE DAMN MINUTE!!!  Do you like to explode things?  Explode things using your own custom-built weapon mounted on your custom-build vehicle that can dive, float, or fly?  If you want to see some epic battles fought with your own creations then this game is for you!Unless you're a communist.  Don't buy it, you commie scum!"
,Recommended,268650,28191375,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Dartanian,Its okay
76561198022277983,Recommended,268650,32944656,Posted: 28 June,all,Kingdom,wtf really
76561198147781201,Recommended,268650,26067267,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Nathan the Legionare,Amazing!
76561198034187807,Not Recommended,268650,25268229,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,PJ_MC,"I really can't get into this game. The GUI is unpollished, and the controls are bewildering. I would imagine this game not for many."
76561198153982128,Recommended,268650,18009491,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,UnholyQuartet,its the best game ever
,Recommended,268650,18416927,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Spade,my first hour in the gamesumrized in 4 secondshttps://youtu.be/159KM4Gjwrc
76561198077099195,Recommended,268650,19251087,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Abraxas,8/10 Would try understand the game again!
76561198093936508,Recommended,268650,23539355,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,GunterG,This game is varry good... if you dont have a toster for a computer that can't run minecraft at 20fps like umm me but evin with a toster I sill love this game from its complex macnics to the fact that the devs lisin to the players. I relly recimend this game to ennyone who wants to billd guns that can shoot shells the size of a small cars and boat's the size of foot ball feelds. Get the Game! this is short and sweet but i want you to knowps dont use a toster as a hige speed gameing computer. 10/10
,Recommended,268650,28708803,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,runtcash,The controls gave me terminal cancer
76561198132353715,Recommended,268650,24687483,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Adam,ad
,Recommended,268650,15154483,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Neurosys420,"If they had just told me:'Build engines, vehicles and make AI voxelbots that fight each other....with IFF missiles'I would have gladly paid twice as much."
76561198203802044,Recommended,268650,22921592,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Cr1tikalMV,REFUND>>> REFUND>>>>REFUND>>>> STEAM I HATE YOU! GIMMEH BACK MY MONEY
,Not Recommended,268650,23597786,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Lorvidus,"For some reason my hours have been set a lot lower than they should be, and I do enjoy this game but...Pros:Great fun and very addictingSurprisingly nice graphics and a good physics system.Building is hard but rewarding when you get it right.Cons:The game can be VERY difficult, even with the difficulty setting being rather low.The recourse collection rate is absolutely horrific, even if the game is supposed to take a while it really does take the♥♥♥♥♥♥making the start of games very tedious.When using an edited instance or a planet that has been created in the steam workshop, my save file always corrupts and I have found no way in yet to fix it other than remaking the entire instance and starting from scratch...A lot of people may disagree with me about time the game takes and not everyone has the same saving issues I do but because of the fact that I DO have these issues, I cannot recommend it personally."
76561197999270563,Not Recommended,268650,24768779,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Emtarkandorundergundersdottr,"While the gameplay is fun, the way that the menus and tutorials are written leaves me wondering who this game was made for. ""Hamming keys""? ""Rage quitting""? One of the tutorial quizzes asked whether a certain mission was ""Too hard"" or ""Too easy"". ""Too hard"" was counted as a wrong answer, with the admonishment of ""nonsense"" when clicked. The mission took me something like 5 tries to get it right, because the missiles wouldn't fly where I pointed them to. That's an acceptable bug in an alpha, but what's unacceptable is being told it isn't a problem at all. It leaves me unimpressed and not very hopeful that the final product will be any good.Beyond that, the options for gameplay are pretty limited, and again I have little to no hope for improvement in this area given the attitude of the developers, ie ""if you don't like it, you're wrong."" The gameplay options are1. Creative mode, where you can build anything you want with zero challenge and infinite resources. Bo-ring.2. Adventure mode, where you have resource limitations that force you to build using your head, but also are quickly overrun by waves of enemies that will quickly destroy you, even when the damage is set to 10%3. Campaign mode, which would seem promising: You start out with a large base that is both an excellent resource gatherer and has good defenses. But as soon as a battle begins (which cannot be canceled, despite there being an option for it--it is greyed out with no hint as to what enables it) your home base, and any ships you might have, turn into green rectangle outlines and are useless. You can't even stand on them and your little robot sinks. Selecting to end the battle automatically destroys your ships as ""casualties"", and then you have nothing.This game has a LOT of areas where it desperately needs improvements and bugfixes, but the die-hard fanbase seems bent on insisting that there's nothing wrong with it, at all, ever, and the devs seem to agree. Don't count on this game being worth your money.As a postscript, I've noticed that a lot of reviewers for this game have mentioned that the learning curve is too steep. I'm not going to discount or invalidate their opinions on the matter, since I'm sure the plurality of such reviews is indicative that there is a subset of gamers for which this game's mechanics will not be in the slightest bit intuitive. I, however, have extensive experience with some of the more finicky mods in Minecraft such as IndustrialCraft and Forestry, and therefore have that background in hooking up blocks correctly. The only hitch I ran into was learning that exhaust pipes are not omnidirectional and have to be oriented a certain way in order to attach. That said, despite fully understanding the building mechanics, and seeing a lot of potential for this game, I once again must say that I have no faith that this potential will be lived up to. Not only have I seen this attitude in the game's writing, the authors of positive reviews, and commenters on negative views, this review, despite being written out with great thought and care, is being marked as ""not helpful"", by who I can only assume are those die-hard fans feeling salty that anyone might say anything critical about a game they like. This is what is killing gaming."
76561197986674427,Not Recommended,268650,26713966,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,LoSboccacc,"Waited for a fair bit for this game to stabilize into something playable in a long running campaign, but it's just not worth it, the amount of game breaking bug makes any attempt to a fair difficulty campaign pointless."
,Not Recommended,268650,24802456,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Leif.,"Lots of potential but caught up in an atrociously bad AI, and terrible design choices. You know you're not off to a good start when the tutorial breaks on literally the first step."
,Not Recommended,268650,24797509,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,_saem_,Nice and beautiful game with good physics. But it has the worst controls i've ever seen. It sucks to play with such a bad control mechanic.
,Not Recommended,268650,30072892,Posted: 20 February,all,duckduckseduce,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing learning curve.
76561198166145983,Not Recommended,268650,35403245,Posted: 1 October,all,foresthunter22,I think the game is way too dificult the tutorials are so unhelpful and it is so hard to understand how weapons are created the simple weapons suck and the aiming ui is impossible to understand spent 10 hours building a ship that sunk spent 8 hours buliding a cannon that didnt fire spent 1 hour playing a tutorial that didnt help i dont normaly complain about games i have pretty low standards but i hate this it was way to fustrating for me i got the game from a playthrough EnterElysium did on it i was amazed at how he did it then was extremly dissapointed at what it actually was btw this was the second game i bought on steam after space engineers which had the same problem with.
,Recommended,268650,26166622,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Baron Von Cunt,How do maek boat?
76561198012820631,Not Recommended,268650,28293141,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,a Really Swell Guy,"I'm trying super hard not to hate this game. I've seen other people play it and it looks really fun, but even trying to use the tutorials and being told, ""To start the next step, connect this 360 camera to the block I've coloured in red for you, super simple! :)"", then being told, oh this camera is inactive because it's blocked in all these different directions, so I have to build a tower on an opposite side of the boat, build my own AI connections and attach a 360 camera to that just to advance to the next part of the tutorial, only to get stuck on the next step of the tutorial............................................."
,Recommended,268650,32233834,Posted: 6 June,all,Gay Guillaume,autism requiredautism not included
,Recommended,268650,23251084,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,cantchoos,how much money do you need to take before you upgrade the damn graphics on this?
,Recommended,268650,28932934,Posted: 2 January,all,Nauticas,too spicy!
76561198207396887,Not Recommended,268650,31590525,Posted: 6 May,all,DatHurtz,"Very confusing and way to complicated of a game, would have been tolerable if not for the shotty tutorial"
76561198047296879,Recommended,268650,18139627,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Fred Chexter,"wanna paly minecrft but ur mum got rid of ur p0rn computer?hi, im anthony sulivan, and today i bring u the miricale that is from da depthsis liek minecraft, but funnow b4 u 12-year-olds stert ur yappin, rmember, no one givs a fkin sht"
,Recommended,268650,26340808,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,[RHY][CMD] Colonel John Sheppard,To do list:Everything
,Recommended,268650,14332281,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,SolarSupremacy,"This game and Forza Motersport have three things in common;You are on a planet, you can go fast, and there will be a lot of awesome destruction."
76561198009109570,Not Recommended,268650,25548681,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Sir Noobcake,"A great and lovely game, that is sadly more or less growing out of its own goal.It sadly is a issue when the designer of the game is more listening to there current fanbase instead of keeping the game's aspects and charm in mind and in so i would say that this game was a good buy at the time , right now i would strongly suggest waiting till its finaly settled in what direction it want to go before the final product."
,Not Recommended,268650,32402452,Posted: 13 June,all,Wttlewd,"-Saw Friend playing-looked cool-20$ to steam.-started playing-63 hrs in and still cant get anything ot work the way i need it too.-weakest enemies murder my ship-Learning curve is absurdOverall:not my type of game. No story, terrible tutorial, murders Midgrade Computers"
76561198037862594,Not Recommended,268650,24742538,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Nethyrzhil,Memory Leaks & Cheesey Tactics!
,Not Recommended,268650,29613798,Posted: 31 January,all,Xecular,"This game has a big, and I mean BIG learning curve. The game is fun once you learn to play but it is annoying watching tutorials multiple times trying to figure out what to do. This game really needs an ingame tutorial, not just videos."
,Not Recommended,268650,25276598,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Gaming Ravenclaw,"i didn't enjoy the came, at all. yeah the animations for the characters were cool. it was just so confusing. i thought this would be a build your own ship then go to war, but then i did somewhat build a ship with confusing controls and the game sent me to youtube videos to figure out how to play. after i made my boat i tried to figure out how to do the strategy war the game depicted on the page. and there was none. so i decided to go to campaign. where it asked me to re-pair a pre-built ship, and build an engine. so i went out of the match and tried to figure out how. so then i went back into the game trying to remember. and im still there trying to figure it out. because more videos! more confusing ""tutorials""dont get this game just dont"
,Recommended,268650,16566318,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,.҉  Reme✧,"This game may look like the average innocent voxel game but trust me, There is more to do than it looks the sheer core of this game is amazing it may take time to learn but once you got it all down oh my...this game will have you hooked like butter on toast. Although it is in early access this game is by far the most complete game of early access i've played there is no doubt that the price of 20 dollars is worth it.The Dev works really hard and i applaud him for that. You clearly can build anything you want in this game and much more the community is really great too. This game makes your creativity shine like no other game. Like i said it may be hard to learn at first but oh man baby once you get that perfect learning curve you won't regret buying this game. I am still learning myself so i hope you can learn with me and FYI I didn't get payed to write this review. This review came from the heart of a gamer who is a fan of creativity and mind driven games like this."
,Recommended,268650,18050700,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,[TPnP] Ocean Man,Keeps crashing when i start iti can't start itpls help666/10-IGN
,Not Recommended,268650,24067956,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TXN Perte',"The game is amazing. It's great fun, an excellent sandbox and it's greatly rewarding to succeed. I played this all the time.Then I took an update to the knee.I can't start the game, and steam's policy prevents me from getting a refund. So, yeah. A less biased reason is the lack of optimization the game features, and the extreme lag and wait times that fill its place. This game is still a masterpiece, but I'd advise waiting for the full release (which will hopefully feature a framerate greater than 30)."
,Not Recommended,268650,32686651,Posted: 23 June,all,captainhahnsolo,"This game is extremely complicated. Before I even bought the game I watched about 2 hours of youtube videos, read guides, and searched for tutorials.... yet after 30 minutes of game play I could barely steer the starting ship around.There seems to be a different keybinding for everything, with some keys having more than one function if you single tap vs double tap the key.I purchased the game cause it looked interesting and I wanted to test it out. Worst case I would request refund before I hit 2 hours... It became clear almost immediately that it would take me longer than 2 hours just to figure out how to play, let alone get to any content."
,Not Recommended,268650,25921415,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,oilbucket,"I used to enjoy this game ALOT, but they keep on making it more and more complicated and to be fair, that's not where this game shines in my opinion. i dont enjoy this game anymore because of its massive complicity nowadays, sorry to say but i cannot reccommend this game."
76561198175133681,Not Recommended,268650,24811298,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ghidorahlord,"I really don't like the new update, it leaves all of my designs obsolete, please despose of those changes, i do like the new easier hud and resource system however, that i don't mind"
,Recommended,268650,17325103,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Rorsten,The forums are a great community and the developer is an amazing person.Plus being able to build two towers just to have a plane crash into them is greatEDIT: People don't understand jokes
76561198171686043,Not Recommended,268650,25577844,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,sniper2.0,its a good game  but the day after i installed it it messed up and 2 days later still isnt working.
76561198059186780,Not Recommended,268650,29176171,Posted: 10 January,all,KEVIN(The Cunt),A useless hard piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy if your good with science but would not recommend  this  to  any new  noobs at strategy  games
,Recommended,268650,24635158,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Shiverburn Pigeon,HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING SHIP I BUILT A HOTDOG WIENER T PLANE ROCKET JET SHIP AND IM CRUISING AROUND AT THE SPEED OOF DOWN SYNDROME WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
76561198079341379,Not Recommended,268650,33021163,Posted: 29 June,all,Tbc:Redversa,I like the game just too complicated and not right for me still love the game and i support its dovelopment
,Not Recommended,268650,16754160,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MustyManureMan,"Totally great game. The optimization is TERRIBLE though. Only supports 1 core processing. Many games do, but for a game that is this cpu heavy that seems pretty crutial. And it is. It really is. On every game I own except this one I get about 40-60 steady frames on high-ultra settings deppending on game. Great as long as you know, you don't want to have a giant fight with your buddies and explosions all around and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Kinda made me mad when I went from building these sick ships into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lagfest of battle. It's barely playable if you plan on taking on some real combat. 12-20 fps, and basically in slow motion with sim speed."
76561198099524790,Not Recommended,268650,22232195,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zieah,"Saw some interesting videos about the game and decided to give it a try.The game strongly suggests that you complete a series of tutorials that are intended to teach you the various aspects of the game. This is smart, since it would be kind to call the building controls clumsy, and they have a steep learning curve to gain any level of control. This is not helped by the tutorials and tooltips insisting on telling you the default control mappings and not using any re-mappings you may have done.I was a bit surprised at how fast the tutorial ramped up the difficulty, with a very early tutorial ""Muddy Waters"" giving you a very short time to repair a ship hull and build an engine before enemy ships blow your ship apart. I'm sure this is a trivial task for someone who has played the game for months and is an old hand at using the clumsy building controls to make numerous ships, but having only about 10 minutes to fight the controls to build anything is quite the challenge only a few tutorials in.Just two examples of clumsly build controls:1) Placing and motion are relative to the camera, not an absolute coordinate system. So as you try and find a camera angle where you can see what you are doing in cramped locations your control direction keeps changing with respect to trying to place blocks on the ship.2) The cursor keeps moving toward/away from the camera every time you place or remove a block (depending if you right or left click). So if I'm trying to place blocks horizontally I have to keep re-adjusting the place cursor back to the row I'm working on.I'm sure with enough time I could get used to how it behaved, except for the fact that you do not get an opportunity and are thrown into the timed build mission long before you have a chance to get used to the controls. It is literally the second time you build anything, and the first time was a ""place the block I tell you here"" sandbox mission.The alpha nature of the game is very evident in the help/tutorial sections: spelling errors, sentences that just sort of trail off and missing words are just some of the more obvious. I've also encountered strange graphical glitches like the water surface vanishing; sometimes it is there and looks nice and other times not.TL;DR The game shows some promise, but give it a pass until it gets out of alpha unless you like torturing yourself.(edit for spelling - thanks jordank321)"
76561198123573943,Not Recommended,268650,33588135,Posted: 16 July,all,dionysus71319,"If you have a level of patients that will rival Ghandi you may like this game.  For me, after 12 hours and still having not played the actual game with only a crappy boat that doesn't work in the vehical designer to show for my time, my patients is at an end.  Especially since I still feel like I have to fight the controls to do anything, a single miss click can undo an hour or more of work, and downloading anything from the workshop to just try the game proper is more complicated than it needs to be.If this sounds like something that won't bother you, then give it a try, I suppose.  We just simply have very different concepts of fun."
,Recommended,268650,24500117,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,a smooth Criminal,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██gooD▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓game▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
,Not Recommended,268650,27374658,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,δigitaL,"Look, I respect greatly what they were trying to do with this (and if I were making a similar game, I might've done it too), but they are just being too cutesy and complex with their mechanics. Now MAYBE it is justified, and MAYBE I'm just not 'putting in enough time to know it'- but I just chased around a ship in a tutorial mission for almost an hour trying to destroy it with missles that seemed very interested with flying off about a mile away from where I was looking. That's the kind of stuff that lets you know off the bat that it's definitely going to be a masterpiece.I understand that it is alpha, but this shouldn't be a game where the player should have to worry about whether or not the fate of their creations depends on the block they just placed. If you're looking for a fun game, leave this game alone. But if you seriously want to wade through all the technicalities and asterisks to achieve creating the machines and vehicles this game might offer, it's your money."
76561198046618476,Recommended,268650,11617334,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Kush Bandicoot,Controls are insanley confusing and tedious. Please fix if you can
76561198152482280,Not Recommended,268650,33305216,Posted: 6 July,all,cptStork,"I was recomended this game by a ""friend"" on campus, and I suppose they didn't quite undertand my interest in this game. I am not, nor will I ever be, a master strategist. This game requires complex degrees of construction know-how and RTS gameplay comprehension that I am sorely unaccustomed to. I exepected it to be too much like something that it wasn't, and was sorely upset with the result.However, this was my mistake to make. Next time I think I'll just spend my money elsewhere and not delve into games that aren't in my usual genre."
,Not Recommended,268650,34890647,Posted: 11 September,all,Dobby,Cant figure out the controls. Game looks amazing but i just cant get the hang of it. There needs to be a simple follow tutorialk in the game instead of the videos.Wish i never purchased.
76561198069869103,Not Recommended,268650,24187555,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Aaron,Refunded this game. Its far too dificult. I couldve spent 10 hours learning how to play but is that really worth it for 1 game that I'll probably play for <100 hours and is in early access? This game looks like a ton of fun especially if you watch Robbaz play it but its just not worth learning.
76561198133843553,Not Recommended,268650,24116496,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DC-GS,"Too bad. You died.That's what the most common thing about this game. At least after 7h of playing.But lets start over.The games starts by freezing in the loading screen for 1-2 minutes.After that you are greeted by an UI in need of improvement.So, I started with the ingame tutorials. I got through half of them (36). Except one mission, they were boring and only teach a little bit.In one mission, you just have to rebuild a battleship. With limitted resources you start rebuilding it. Then start over again since the pipes won't connect. The hollow pipes have directions in which gas can flow.Worst part? You get attacked by enemies during your repair. Only weapon you have are missiles you have no idea how to use them, they just seem to do random stuff. Lucky enough, I could repair my engine once again before I run out of resources and could continue the mission.After each tutorial mission you enter a quiz to get some XP. A lot of question were never explained in the tutorial, so you have to just guess. Some questions are wrong - probably confused by own phrasing with double-tripple negation.Also, there are opinion based questions. You don't share the opinion of the dev? Too bad, you fail!For my last 1-2h of gameplay, I started just a singleplayer map.After 10-20 minutes you are overrun by different enemies. I was attacked by submarines, without any knowledge how to defend. The tutorial said, there are torpedos, but never explained how to build them.Next try, I suddenly die. My character was hit by a laser out of nowhere. On the death screen I saw only a laserbeam from far away. The enemy was far beyond render distance.Try again, I engage an enemy ship, suddenly my ship vanish. No explosion, no detectable hits. Just disappears and I lose.Last try, I was hit by laserbeam again.Am I too slow?The FAQ of the game states, it aim at slower paced gamestyle.This promise is not delivered!This game has potential. Lots of it.But in current version, I cannot recommend it."
76561198212420523,Not Recommended,268650,25103560,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Baconator OMG,i tried and the ui is just way too complacated DO NOT BUY IF YOU ARE A CASUAL GAMER
76561198170179549,Not Recommended,268650,25935952,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,2014sonnym,Water doesn't show up on Mac.
,Not Recommended,268650,14556098,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,LtKillPuppy,"Huh.  I read a lot of the reviews and they are universally positive.  After seeing the screenshots, the game looks quite interesting.  The UI looks clunky, and the graphics aren't that good, but I was willing to give it a shot.And I gotta tell you, this game lost me pretty quick.The UI is worse than clunky: It is downright incomprehensible at times, and is a serious of confusing beveled rectangles that are sometimes buttons, sometimes radio controls and other times just static text.I had to alt-tab out of the game and look up hints on the forum on what to do or how to manipulate the UI, and these hints were sometimes very vague.  The graphics are jarring and mismatched, as if six different styles of art were crammed together.  (Or six different artists worked on the game.)  The audio is not very good, with the same 30 second sea sound effect looped over and over.  The build mode is clunky and difficult to figure out;  Creating just a simple craft required several hours of tweaking and messing about.The missions are many and varied, but at times it's impossible to figure out what you are supposed to be doing due to the minimal mission-objective UI.  Building the right sort of craft to complete each mission takes a while (due to aforementioned tweaking) and I lost patience trying to win each scenerio.The controls are atrocious.  It uses a lot of none-standard, none-intuitative key binds for critical functions, and it's difficult to play the game on a laptop because of this.There's a lot of depth to this game (ha!), considering how many building parts there and how they can be linked together to make all kinds of vehicles, but it's really just not very playable or enjoyable game to me.   Which is weird, because I read the reviews and people are absolutely raving about this game.  But to me. From the Depths feels like a very early prototype game, a proof-of-concept that needs a LOT of shine and polish before I would have considered it a public alpha."
,Not Recommended,268650,24818358,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Leonardo,fun
76561198403420524,Not Recommended,268650,34689269,Posted: 2 September,all,ccp.ccp,"Guide are not clear.Sandbox are unusable, impossible to test correctely the game with that... and the mission is to complex to learn...The menu of the game stay mysterious for me..."
76561198049480647,Recommended,268650,11697280,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,ItsFunnyMan,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ right now, awesome idea, but not bieng implimented the right way, my biggest pet peave is the controls system, also the camera in build mode is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198005119497,Not Recommended,268650,24637646,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,DJTUCKER49053,"im glad i bought this game while it was on sale, got it for 3.99. trying to complete the first story mission, as recommended by the game so i can better learn how to build whatever, cant get past fixing the ♥♥♥♥ing engine, i place components based on what im reading from the tips that show when i select one of them, but they never connect or do any godamn thing!!! this is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!!"
76561197965074601,Not Recommended,268650,24836620,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,UNDERHILL,The objects you move in build mode move oriented to the camera and basically you can't position anything while viewing from a side perspective which is absolutely infuriating because it really feels like it should work. If this doesn't bother you then fine but it super pisses me the hell off.
76561198067219045,Recommended,268650,17345992,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,HalfPint,"This is a good game but needs to be less complicated. The fights are cool the building is cool, it is just so hard to get into for the first time and really find out what works."
76561198388131635,Not Recommended,268650,33331680,Posted: 6 July,all,himen3635,it hard for me to star the game with out the hard to follow with no head on exsirnass (other than the first torled
76561198059842434,Not Recommended,268650,21686335,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Crow$ader,I have a new complaintERROR  exception thrown trying to change sceneCan't even launch the game.
,Not Recommended,268650,21649774,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,FoxAndRoses,"There is currently no fun aspects to this game unless you find 3+ hours of tutorials and having to use imagination to make your own story fun. It's basically figure it out simulator and I no longer have the patience to try to figure it out myself. I played less than an hour because I wanted to be able to refund if the game did not interest me, and indeed it does not. Many hours of boring video tutorials that tell you how the mechanics work... but not how to work the keys to do so. I spent 15min stuck in a camera view that no button I pressed fixed, and there was no said button in the control menu that told me what to press, I had to restart the game to fix it. The game in it's current Alpha state is not optimised at all for multithreaded CPU's and when in intense combat it renders it unplayable for typical PC gamers. If a game uses 30% of an 8 core processor at the start menu... you know you're in for a bad time..."
76561198167663884,Not Recommended,268650,24627647,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ItRealTus is a fat African woman,"I baught this game for $4 on a sale, i think my brain is too small to play it."
,Not Recommended,268650,14492070,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,zephrim,"Great concept, horrible execution, not much fun. The controls are horrible, your fighting the camera constantly, the building is tedious, and the controls for that are miserable as well. Just trying to figure out how to build a simple boat that works is a three hour long process. The scheme of the game is all over the place, steampunk, future robot, and post apocalyptic, all mixed together, but not in a good way, more in a different artists having very different ideas. The water is invisble untill your under it. Its just so many little things that make this one big giant crap fest.The tutorials are also confusing, but they give you plenty to choose from. Read about how to, watch someone else do it, and play through it yourself. However, they aren't very clear, more of click on this to add this now add this, place some of these, and there you go your a good Stanley! After you do them, your like but wait, what did I just do exactly?The controls, argggg the controls. There are some games where your pretty sure thats the difficulty is dealing with the terrible controls or fighting a terrible camera, well this gives you the power of both. Every time you place a block the screen kicks a block forward towards the cameras direction. Which can and will screw you over. Trying to change your creations is also a nightmare if you forgot to add a chair.I know this is in EA so hopefully they will do something about the control scheme. Because you know half the point of this game is to build stuff to fight others with. So far building crap is so horrible and annoying that only the diehards are seriously building. And thats great, the world needs architects, I'm just not an engineer by trade and didn't read in the description that I should be."
,Not Recommended,268650,24442937,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,LizardGuy50,"great game... mostly,I spent about 3 hours on a ship, added a gun, saved it, checked that it was saved (it was) then I went back to the menu to load a campaign save ... the game crashed and I lost the ship , no more needs to be said."
76561198179381499,Not Recommended,268650,21896185,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,RedRock3t82,Did not find this one very enjoyable myself but the gameplay did look really cool on YouTube.  I'd say if you were a hardcore builder/designer game lover then this would be worth a shot.
76561198249009032,Not Recommended,268650,19912730,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Gonarch,I have no idea what I am doing!!.. The tutorials arent exactly helping. It's to hard to learn.
76561198147394430,Not Recommended,268650,31165562,Posted: 15 April,all,alex18alex18,Slow paced and too complicatednot my cup of tea
76561197961385847,Not Recommended,268650,22630077,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,PandaBear,"This is so far away from newbie friendly it can get iam afraid, the concept is cool and i love the art.But you need two hours to just learn the controls according to the devs.If you have 20€ to spare then go for it.If not, then wait for the proper release."
76561197965451987,Not Recommended,268650,20185756,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zpyder,"First of all, this game has great potential, and is huge fun. The reason i dont recommend it as of yet, is ONLY because of the instability in mid to late campaign games and generally with large battles. Ive had alot of crashes with this game so far, but when they fix it, id be a happy man :)"
76561198217255884,Not Recommended,268650,25776318,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Blitzvortex,"although it seems like a good game i would not recomment buying it just because of the massive learning curve and the pc requirements. The game takes alot of time to learn so if you try to learn it, it may take more than the 2 hour limit for returns.DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU HAVE A GOOD COMPUTER AND/OR ARE REALLY SKILLED!!!!!"
76561198172588525,Not Recommended,268650,27611447,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mmegatruckin,ttpp hard to play
76561198143206211,Not Recommended,268650,23608221,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,pcgamer9898,Not easy to learn and hard to start out
76561198096642237,Not Recommended,268650,31653941,Posted: 9 May,all,RED_slull,Just not my type of game. Put me in a world without instructions.
,Not Recommended,268650,21321895,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Curgus,"cons:weird controls, slightly laggy, confusing as hell to build."
,Not Recommended,268650,22331720,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Monarch,"Controls and mechanics are unintuitive, fun if you can actually build your ship correctly. If you cant you will loose countless hours of time."
76561198154088454,Not Recommended,268650,23867170,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Thimoteus von Jeuran,"when people tell you a game is to difficult. i mostly think its a bit hard, but this game is close to inpossible if you just bought the game and have no idea how it works it way to difficult to learn or if you want to watch hours of tutorial and still learn only 10 procent of the game. its just not possible"
,Not Recommended,268650,21183044,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SiLvErScRuB,"look, this game looks beautiufl and all. But their is no learning curve at all!!! At least make a tutorial or something at the start of the game!! Please. you have to spend days on youtube to try and find a decent tutorial and when you think you got it, it just gets way to complex."
76561198024050847,Not Recommended,268650,33593286,Posted: 16 July,all,stroke,Spent 23 hours on this and have managed to sink my own build and ge blown up.If you like that type of play and have a saints calm then get this game.Otherwise dont bother.
76561198126158661,Not Recommended,268650,20558938,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,dmduffy05,"It's a great game, but it's laggy as all ♥♥♥♥. I have good specs and I cant even run on Fastest. Needs optimization badly, if this gets added, I'll probably change my mind about this game. Plus, because of the lag, it isn't worth the price."
76561198181795047,Not Recommended,268650,22084757,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,AwesomePopsicle,This game is bit complicated when it comes to controls. There may be tutorials but block controls are still way to complicated. Also the blocks in game are to complicated with having many differant ones needed for one simple machine.
76561198045004605,Not Recommended,268650,20640646,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Eightshot,"A superb game ruined by over complex updates.This game could be amazing. easily one of the best. unfortunately due to a recent update the learning curve is basically a verticle line, no curve involved. i Cannot recommend this to new players, you will pick it up find you can't really do anything then put it down again. If you have been playing this game for a long time you have a better chance but this is still no promise.You could always spend several days looking for tutorials on every aspect of the game on youtube (i recommend Aavak, Rosefall and IRLan) but who wants to study for days in order to play a single player game with limited opponents.The game is also in dia need of optimisation, i realize that this game is stated as being in alpha but honestly shouldnt be. The devs are hanging on to the alpha status in order to excuse their lack of attention to anything people are telling them."
,Not Recommended,268650,20244223,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Where's my Laundry Sauce,"I could like it. But at the moment it is very, overwhelming and has little to no useful tutorials. The building controls are wonky, and its not going to be like any other game in terms of building. Not starmade, not minecraft, not fallout, not anything like those at all.Its very complicated.And things like missiles give you a tutorial. But they arent always the most useful or explanatory. And the game is poorly optimized.It would be much better, with a solid construction system and with the needed optimization.6/10All in all, this is early access. With the facts stated above fixed before release, this could be a GREAT game!!!Edit : game has improved, rating 5/10 has gone to 6/10Edit : extra clarification"
76561198116734273,Not Recommended,268650,19673532,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,dugital (Furry_Hentai_Queen),this is a very a good game once you get the hang of itGOODthere a many factions with there own ships planes.....building with friends is there only good part for mei love to destroy everythingBADthere control setup is the worst..... i found that learning all the controles and interface was to much for me in the endand is the main reson why i won't play anymore....stuff like setting up the AI was a pain6/10
,Not Recommended,268650,18477315,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Locklear,"While it looks cool, this game is just a mess.  Horrible UI, Horrible sense of control, just flat out garbage.  Nothing is as simple as it should be."
76561198061896831,Not Recommended,268650,19452386,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Random Axis,"To be honest, I love this game but can't in good conscience recommend it right now.  Yes, it's early access.  Yes, I know the game will change.  Yes, I know that make tutorials hard.  None of that softens my stance that this isn't worth the time it takes to find out how to play.  Not learn how to play because there's nothing in the game that is useful in *telling* you what to do.  Throwing together a hull and propellers isn't hard, but once you get into building engines or weapons the built-in guides are so scanty that they are very little use.  Especially since some parts only connect in certain ways and there is no easy way to see what is connected without tracing the entire path.  And you need those long paths since the guide examples with one (or a few) of each part are useless in the real game.    Don't get me wrong, the guides are good.  It's the game that doesn't give me the info I want in a useful way.  There's no way to know the number of parts I need without building them.  I *think* it's the ratio between parts that's important, but there's no way to verify that.There are ways to find out what to do, but ""Look for people playing the game on YouTube"" is not a substitute for in game info.  Let's say you want your base to have a horizontally-rotating turret with a single gun in it to shoot aircraft; that sounds pretty cool!  *Open build menu* Hmm no turret listed.  Let's try custom cannons.  Nope.  Advanced cannons?  Also nope.  Misc tab? Nope^3.  As a noob you didn't go to  'New Object'->'Two axis turret'->'One Axis Turret'.  But let's say we found that and started construction.  We slap down the main piece and hook up the ammo boxes and other blocks to give us the explodey, armor piercing goodness that we want.  How much of each does your gun need?  Beats me.  Just slap things on&off and figure it out.  Finally, we need our gun to elevate to attack flyers.  Oh look, a block called Elevation Barrel!  How many do I need to hit 60-70 degrees?  Beats me.  You have to slap them on and then either scroll your way back to the firing piece block or just try out the gun to see if you put in enough.Figuring out how to play the game should be a choice of tradeoffs.  I should be asking myself ""Is it worth the resources to have guns that elevates to 80 degrees or is 60 enough?"", and not asking ""How in the gently caress do I get a rapid firing gun that elevates to 60 degrees with alternating explosive and armor piercing shots!?""  The entirety of my issues with the game could be solved with a 'design wizard' that would let me see how the number of parts affects the final stats.  I'm fine with something that let's me see that I need x gauge increasers, y cooldown decreasers, and z recoil dampers.  I'll take it from there and work on fitting them in.  Without something like this, I find that I need to regularly stop playing the campaign mode and go into the designer to get a weapon I want.  I would much rather prefer trying to fit in the parts I know I need under the time pressure of an approaching enemy.Full disclosure:  I have still haven't gotten belt-fed autoloaders to connect properly(They work now!  Details below).Gun stats provided in game: -Max shell diameter: 0.020 -Gun has 1m ammo clip and loaderAmmo stats: -Shell diameter: 0.018 -Clip size required: 1mError message that gun cannot be loaded.Can you guess what the problem is?  If you guessed that the shell was too big to fit in the gun, you're right! (although it beats me how I should have known that)  I reduced the number of shell parts and now it all both fits and tears up the Onyx Watch flyers.If this was helpful, please stay tuned.  I'll happily update the review if things improve."
76561197981193354,Not Recommended,268650,14589070,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Setehk,"!WARNING!This is a long review. The short version is this : The physics aren't right to the point where the AI is the only reliable pilot. Unless the physics are fixed, the game will be unplayable for me. I don't find it fun to design an amazing ship only to watch an AI have fun with it. Unless you are prepared to spend long hours trying to learn the mechanics of this game and brave the incredibly steep learning curve, I would recommend you waiting until the game is developed further. It has great potential, but very serious issues holding it back from being great.1. PhysicsA: BoatsB: Planes2. Tutorials and learning3. User Interface.4. Controls( Note that the other categories I can't cover due to character limits. So what if my review is 17,138 characters long? That's how many characters I need to sum up the experience! So I'll just cover the main issue. )I've sunk a few hours into this game and I liked the concept. But I didn't realize what that concept really was. I came into this game expecting something like Starmade but with planes and boats. What I got was something very different.1. PhysicsThe main issue I have with this game is the physics. They just aren't right at all. The objects don't behave the way you would expect them to and the forces that act on objects don't seem right at all. Thrust of any kind on even a very heavy object don't seem proportionate. I will try to explain.A: I first tried to make a boat. After long hours of fruitless experimentation, I found out that boats do not take into account account the amount of air inside of an enclosed space. I experimented on this concept and found that I could have two objects of the same weight but different volumes of air and they floated identically. So this tells me that the volume of air is not being calculated. The weight of the object seemed to be the only factor determining it's buoyancy. Both of these objects had air pumps, I should mention.Initially when I was making my first ship, I thought that it would be best if I start small and aim for a ship that could move quickly. The issue with making these small boats was: Whenever I would put a significant amount of thrust to the back side of the boat, the nose would rise up out of the water almost immediately and the boat would backflip in the air and land upside down in the water. So of course I tried moving the rotors to the front of the ship only to have the same issue. I got very frustrated and added immense amounts of lead blocks to the nose of the vessel and even with more weight than the entire hull of the ship, the nose would rise up out of the water and the boat would capsize.Naturally I gave up on the idea of a fast boat as it was clearly impossible for me. So I moved on to making a sturdy boat that might be able to withstand some punishment as I couldn't seem to move very quickly without capsizing. After a long time I made something that was barely buoyant but I was able to reach about 20 – 24 meters per second without the ship flipping. Even this was only possible with very close attention placed on the 'water drive'. If I pushed it to the maximum, even that would flip it. So I was able to get a ship that weighed 1251.51 go at about 20 - 24 meters per second, which was the fastest I had gone in the water without the ship flipping, but I could not get a ship that weighed 118.75 to go any faster than roughly 6 – 10 meters per second. And even at that speed it would flip.Even with this small victory, there were yet more problems. Now the issue was that I would roll over completely if I wanted to make an even relatively sharp turn. Your ship does not right itself well. Period. It does not act it's weight. What I mean by this is that everything is very 'floaty'. If for example my nose would climb out of the water and I would end up perpendicular to the water ( my ship's nose pointing directly up into the sky ) the ship's nose would fall back into the water at the same speed as the much smaller 118.75 weight ship. As for the rolling of the ship, the same thing is true. Now, if you want to use a cannon, oh boy, you had better hope you're not shooting broadside because if you do, you're rolling! The strange thing that I noticed is that you could be stock still in the water and if you try to turn, nothing happens. This makes sense as the rudder is the only thing turning you, assuming you don't have rotors on either side of the nose of your ship to try to turn you. ( Even those don't seem very effective in my experience.) Now if you get any kind of speed, your ship will start to roll if you try to turn it. It's not as though it's rolling from the force of your speed as it seems to start rolling at 1 meter per second. So you're moving it 1 meter per second and you can completely roll your ship belly up in the water. This does not work in reality. I have been on big ships. It doesn't happen. So it seems like instead of having true ship physics, it feels copy pasted from the plane physics. It's rolling the ship like a plane would with ailerons. So sharp turns in ships would only be possible if you were to use the rolling to your advantage and then attach rotors to the underside of the nose of the ship and the use that to turn yourself, again, like a plane might. But that's not feasible as your nose is likely to be out of the water, and if it isn't already, those rotors on the underside will solve that quite quickly.B: The next thing were the planes. I struggled immensely with planes. It was nigh on impossible for me to get anything to fly that didn't  act as if it had twenty anvils attached to the tail. Every time I built a plane, it would pull up constantly. It was as though the joystick of the plane was pulled back at all times. I would have to try to push the nose of the plane down constantly just to stay level. It was infuriating. I eventually found something after hours of testing that would sort of work. It was a flat block shaped like a T with wings at the upper ends of the T. The weight almost didn't seem to matter as far as the constant rising problem; As I could make the entire T shape out of heavy metal and it wouldn't make a difference. It would, however, cause the plane to fall more quickly but did nothing to affect it's orientation. As soon as I tried building the T thicker, it would go back to the constant rising.So about the only thing I was able to make with any kind of success was a fortress. Yes, a massive floating piece of metal that barely moved.  With a gun."
76561198226698324,Not Recommended,268650,22871188,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Тэри,"One word: Difficult. It is hard to get to grips with, hard to understand building controls after watching the building tutorial video, the mirror doesnt always go in the centre, you may like it but i did not for sure!5/10 maybe buy it again..."
76561198130339426,Not Recommended,268650,24912070,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MadDog,Is not a game about build things... is a game about make tutorials about how to build things... too complex. After 1 hour im unable to build anything... sucksand after each tutorial you have to answer questions!! like an exam!! WTF!!?
,Not Recommended,268650,22771562,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Durgan,"If you aren't understanding the tutorial 1hr in and aren't enjoying anything, refund it because it does not change at all. Best advice would be for a demo consisting solely of the tutorial and a free build mode to be released so that people can try before they buy. Game is overly complicated just for the sake of being so. The default controls make the dark souls mouse+keyboard controls look good, the tutorial makes you look at youtube videos to learn how to play rather than doing the job of a tutorial AND TEACHING YOU HOW TO PLAY. Seriously, kerbal space program is about sending stuff into space and does 1000x better at teaching the player how to play as well as makes it engaging, whereas this is a game about building things and making them fight other things and collecting resources. A game about rocket science is less complicated and more fun than a game about building stuff and blowing up other stuff.Suggestions:Make a proper tutorial that spends more time having you build things than it does giving you slideshows with bad camera angles and manual pages to read.Put the fixed tutorial and a free build mode up as a demo so that people don’t waste time and money on something they don’t like.Wouldn’t recommend this to anyone who likes building games unless they were looking for kerbal with added layers of complication and dark souls controls."
76561198021560183,Not Recommended,268650,23259029,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Medikamenten Manfred,Please add the German Langauge its unplayable as germn with normal english skills
76561198052971534,Not Recommended,268650,24779461,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,kevin398_727,"donated my few bucks just to see the builder. Its more of a cartoon than a real game in my opinion. Theres no character creator, your a robot, and a ugly cartoon robot at that.The graphics and colors follow that patern too, right out of a comic book. Also like an indy VR game you can see your hands (claws) doing things, but everything is big and clunky, like Minrcraft at sea..lol Those pretty looking ships were being seen from a long distance away, up close they'd look just like they were made in Minecraft, IMO. But I donate to Indy companies all the time on Steam so I did here too. Better luck next time."
76561198047284672,Not Recommended,268650,19845820,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,CornertheDorner,"This game used to be really fun, however, the idiot devs ♥♥♥♥ed that up. They decided that continuing to increase the complexity of an already hard game as well as implementing new features that completely break my ships that I have tons of hours put in to build was a brilliant plan. Great job guys, I won't be playing again."
76561198052846180,Not Recommended,268650,23963229,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,^5CatBugCat,"its too complex, tutorials do nothing to teach you nuff said"
76561198083687780,Not Recommended,268650,19462309,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Predatato,"this game was very fun and enjoyable, but it was very confusing and there wasnt very good instructions on the game. it is fun in only multi-player and was just boring in single-player. i would not recogmend this game as it is too confusing and can cause fustrarion and rage-quiting"
,Not Recommended,268650,20220697,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,FrostFire454,"This game is NOT for players who dont want to spend a lot of time or dont have time. It is very complicated, and hard to get interested in. From The Depths has great potential and a wonderful concept, but is very poorly executed."
76561198081019072,Not Recommended,268650,20120605,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Metalgaot,the game really needs to be easier to start because the game does not tell you how to build or anything and yes i did read all the things that TRY to tell you how to do things but they dont make any sense at all
,Not Recommended,268650,20288261,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Cyrlan The Great,"First things first, the game is very fun and you can create any ships you think off, the campaign is also good like you can build any ship that you made in designer mode and also you can build the ships that made by other people in the workshopThe only bad thing that I don't recommend this game for other who have problems in their network like NAT problems, port forwarding problems and always have a multiplayer issues. If the game got a dedicated server or a steam server like other games like this one, I would change the game as a recommended, but for now I don't want recommend this game for this time, it is too early but I will wait until they release the multiplayer in this game."
76561198062108088,Not Recommended,268650,32359148,Posted: 11 June,all,BlackSilence,"Too steep of a learning curve, and after you get past that you have a pretty meh game."
,Not Recommended,268650,23769661,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,popbomb80*sakura,"if you get to know the game it is vary fun but the fun to dificulty to master ratio weights in the not fun range, sorry ^^"
76561198043623032,Not Recommended,268650,19928850,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,jeffrey,"not worth the money, yes there is a learning curve but i would think after 5 hours i could a least figure out how to build one of the guns and have it AI controlled as that seems to be the point here .... NOPE. not worth it, it looks like it would be fun but i dont want to play a game were it takes 72 game hours to learn for to actaully make things kinda work... save ur money and time go elsewere"
,Not Recommended,268650,19323838,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Hevybullet,"♥♥♥♥ING FIX THE CAMPAIGN! I spend hours just trying to build my ships ON EASY DIFFICULTY! And am attacked at every moment by huge fleets. Completely ruining my game. In this end I was left with one half-built ship with no guns that it would not let me control, even when i had AI and engines on it. I do not believe there was an autosave so that whole ship is now gone and I am left with my time feeling wasted.I do not really recommend."
76561198276700625,Not Recommended,268650,22179487,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lolshot22,Every time I build a ship it turns up side down
,Not Recommended,268650,20754870,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Joe The Sergeant,tis is terrible
,Not Recommended,268650,18290421,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,squishy-chan,Too confusing. I want a refund
76561198065523648,Not Recommended,268650,25594976,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Starpackson csgolive.com,Just not Friendly to new players so may take u 500 hours
,Not Recommended,268650,23981357,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ANGRY VC,"I dont care what people say, they say yeah sure its complex, but when you understand it, its pretty simple. Well theres a problem with that, no matter how fun a game can be when you understand it, it must be easy to be understood. Who wants to do boring stuff ages and ages before you can have fun? A good game is simple and easy to learn, this game is not easy to learn. Therefore I regret my purchase, no matter how fun it can be.Really, the devs must make this much more simple if they want to attract more people."
,Not Recommended,268650,25498200,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Slave to Armok,"Cannot recomend, the AI is dumb as ♥♥♥♥, unable to operate guns correctly (Cannons are pointed at the enemy, does not shoot, cannons pointed at water, does shoot.)This completely ruins the campaign for me, the adventure mode comes with a quick ""♥♥♥♥ you"" as you are massacred by super high level ships 10 minutes in."
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,268650,17731750,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Haapy,"The systems seem like they'd be cool, if there were any interface at all. I cannot understand why so many developers forget that actual human beings have to play their games. Maybe, just maybe, they should spend more than 5 seconds planning out and implementing the UI."
,Not Recommended,268650,25079477,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,(TN) Potato Insecurity,I found it very boring and hard to learn the concept of the game.
76561198006994037,Not Recommended,268650,20389043,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sergeant,I put the game on easy. Combat started and my entire base disapeared. I didnt to my knowledge tell the game to destroy my base. It just decided it would do it. What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is.
76561198090929041,Not Recommended,268650,21934401,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,The Ravenous Rabbit,"While I'm usually not one for giving up on a game, this one deserved that honor in every regard. A game, which on the surface, looks interesting, unique and frankly deep in its options for creating voxel vehicles fall short a minute into its introduction.Yet the entirely disgusting menu appearance, along with the tutorial that barely explains any of the concepts or mechanics of the game, to then ask you to go through and look at youtube video's to get a hold of the game. (Note to developer: Play Factorio, that game is quite a lot more advanced than this but it was able to make a tutorials that are engaging, challenging without the actual need of cups of frustration.)I'm not even mentioning the awkward controls, the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥building functions, the wobbling and confusing UI, disgustingly ugly textures along with other horrible design choices that makes this extremely hostile towards new players.Do you want to relax and build? Don't buy this game.Once more, when you want your players to watch youtube video's to get to know the basics of the game such as firing the weapons on a ship, you've done ♥♥♥♥ed up."
76561198074689149,Not Recommended,268650,20920654,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TechedZombie,No tutorial and campaign just throws yoi in the ocean with no objective or tutorial
,Not Recommended,268650,19914809,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,sparta-562,"I really dislike the exhust parts for the engine, I can't connect them in a certain order and theres no game guide explaining how to use this new part and why a straight pipe can't connect to another random pipe. I can't understand the new refinery and how it works to process fuel. so the game is overall not bad for experiance players, but I don't think new players will put time to understand all the new advance parts in the game and new weapons added on with all the EMP weapon options."
76561198054100793,Not Recommended,268650,19120057,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ITS ALMOST HARVESTIN' SEASON,"Tutorials explain absolutely nothing an the hard to understand interaface makes it more difficult for new player, GG WP"
76561198150659911,Not Recommended,268650,16342441,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,BroNorris,"camra controls are bad, game is wayyyyyy to complicated, story mode does not run well multiplayer probobly runs even wores controls are bad and they do not have any in game toturiols and the wons online are 40- an hour long."
,Not Recommended,268650,20386066,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,BadLuck™,"Part of me WANTS to play this game more. The controls are AWFUL, THE VIDEOS EXPLAINING ON WHAT TO DO ARE 1 HOUR LONG!!!!! Other than that its mazing."
76561198272201027,Not Recommended,268650,20542110,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,kaeliinnmc,it is hard to build and has a really bad building system
,Not Recommended,268650,21168558,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ุ,"Watched a ton of tutorials and i still dont know what to do, its not what i hoped for it to be so i give it a 0/0"
76561198077023960,Not Recommended,268650,32732947,Posted: 24 June,all,Quailow,"If you like constantly shifting control schemes for no discernable reason; wonky controls on vessels which go wherever they want, again for no discernable reason; AI's which when told to fire all weapons only fire the most inappropriate weapons; having your field of view blocked by overly large control blocks with no option for a usable third person camera; and a learning curve that makes Eve Online look like happy fun-time frolicks; you'll love this. Otherwise, maybe save yourself the frustration."
,Not Recommended,268650,16502029,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chairman Meow,"Great uninstall simulator. 10/10 Would uninstall againThe developers seriously need to address the insane learning curve that haunts this game. I understand that they are aware of this and are taking measures to combat the situation but more still needs to be done. The game seems like a complete cluster-f**k of huge buttons being thrown in your face right from the start. The UI is clunky and half of your screen is taken up by the GUI when in-game. Even with all of the ""helpful"" tutorials that come with the game it is still hard to grasp the basics. I appreciate that it is in early access but it is still not worthy of the £14.99 price tag. I do enjoy complex games that take a while to master but ""From The Depths"" takes a while just to navigate the menu and controls. The game has a huge potential and i love the concept. Hence the reason that i decided to pick it up. I just hope that the developers can continue to improve their game. Overall i do not recommend the game at the moment and this negative review will remain until the developers do more to address the situation."
,Not Recommended,268650,17887693,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,mcbariana,It is a literal piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you're a pro when you start making a cannon is difficult as♥♥♥♥♥♥they have am ind of there It always says No internal ammo supplies and when i look while controlling the cannon it goes about 999 degrees the opposite way it needs to be fixed or removed from the steam shop. Most of the tutorials dont work for me. the only thing i can do is build a ship and be happy No. I wanna know how to acutally play the game they need to add tutorials
,Not Recommended,268650,24614326,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Glorval,Do NOT get this game. The dev is about to unleash an update that will RUIN THE WHOLE GAME! DO NOT GET. He does not like people who disagree with him and is going to release the update anyway.
76561198096320930,Not Recommended,268650,21268406,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Captain Penguin,"This game looks amazing, runs well, and has a great concept. Sadly, I am not a ♥♥♥♥ing genius. The game is extremely hard and the game mechanics are not explained. There are so many different settings and options and I do not know what they do or how to use them (such as difficulty. The difficulty option is garbage. Instead of easy, medium, and hard mode, it is 0.00-???.) I tried to play but the cannons would not work. I searched the boat for the computer thingy that I saw in a video. Apparently, this thing was very important and turned on the boats AI. I found it but turning on the AI did not make the ship fight back when enemies came by. I also played some other mode where I had to capture a ship but I was killed everytime I got close. I placed a cannon but it did not work so I could not defend myself. I tried to steer to the ship I had to take over but my boat flipped over. I assume that I need to place some sort of ammo container but I could not find one in the inventory. I also noticed that every single object says press Q when you get to it but pressing Q only controls the AI unless you press it on a door. This is garbage and I have requested a refund. Maybe I will buy it when there is more explanation and help added. I am VERY VERY disappointed. I was expecting a fun game about fighting ships and flying vehicles but I got a game harder to control than Kerbal Space Program (and that says ALOT about how difficult it is). I rate 1/10. The 1 is for the good graphics and good music. This game is only fun to watch other people play. A waste of $20. I am very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about this."
76561198049595687,Not Recommended,268650,17601927,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Boss Bawss,The controls and ui is franky an overcomplicated mess.
,Not Recommended,268650,17603331,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Y.,Needs serious work before I would recommend it.
76561198201330894,Not Recommended,268650,19500229,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,rushtitle2,I got the update 1.861 but i didnt get the new update. Does anyone know how to get it?
76561198238377650,Not Recommended,268650,26471259,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[KOR] NONAME,beacause there are no korean
76561198119123927,Not Recommended,268650,21836133,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Awesome cat,"The multiplayer of this game is a huge mess.It took me and my friend over 4 hours, to litterally get in the same server to play together. We had to use Hamachi becouse the game kept giving connection errors.But even after that a completely ridiculous bug, was causing my friend to be pulled into the ocean for no reason at all (???)He was not doing anything at all, he was just going all the way to the bottom, never to be seen again.Do not buy this game, if you want to play it for the multiplayer, untill they fix it."
,Not Recommended,268650,17703380,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,100101001,really frusturating it does not have a built in tutorial it is the most anoying thing
,Not Recommended,268650,17385651,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,WolfOfOdin,"I have just re-installed this game, and yes I can see now that all of the blocks are available. I will give this game a proper review once I've had some more time with it. In the mean time, I will keep my recommendation as is."
,Not Recommended,268650,25759693,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,banterbloke69,spend like 9 hours building a ship to vs your friends but realize there arent any servers and you cant play with your friends except for on 15000 ping.cant even refund lets gooooo
,Not Recommended,268650,32190053,Posted: 4 June,all,MinnesotaMarine,I spent the first 40 minutes of gameplay looking at tutorial that make no sense. And when I actually thought I had a basic understanding of what to do nothing worked. I actually feel somewhat ripped off.
76561198077727050,Not Recommended,268650,17483735,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Salamander,"Do not get this game until they fix the terrible building controlsPlaying this game feels like a chore, that is, if you want to create things. The combat in the game is very fun, but that is where the potential of this game comes to an end. In order to create even the smallest of boats, one must spend upwards of an hour to make it work properly, and even then you end up with a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥that can't compete with the workshop blueprints. I feel like this game is unplayable to anybody not willing to spend at least 4 hours learning the mechanics, which sounds easy and tolerable at first, but ends up being a drag. You will buy this game, start it up and then think that for some reason you can jump right on in, and that you don't need to watch the tediously long videos on how to change the direction of a wooden triangle. You will start to build a boat, then halfway through get frustrated and go back to watch the videos, you will then repeat this process around 4 times within the first hour of the game.It is so frustrating that you start to get stressed, not a good stressed like facing a boss in dark souls, but the type you feel when you have an essay due in an hour and you haven't started it. I feel like the one and only reason this game is getting good reviews is that people don't want to admit that they can't build anything amazing so they act like the game is simple.All in all, if you buy the game stick to using other peoples stuff and actually play the game, don't spend hours attempting to learn the building basics that are on par with the difficulty of the blender software."
,Not Recommended,268650,20944775,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Freep,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I thought it would be fun but i disappointed myself, wasted 20$."
,Not Recommended,268650,16429842,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kynrav,awesome game.but the worst controlls and ui ever ruin it for me.i do not have the patience for this.
,Not Recommended,268650,17479915,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Ruga,Game has already crashed twice trying to watch the tutorial. This is the first two minutes of the game.
,Not Recommended,268650,30807270,Posted: 28 March,all,Imperial,Dwarf fortress quality control scheme.
,Not Recommended,268650,24958407,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ripahar,Autism
,Not Recommended,268650,21277685,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Scrotum Sniper,
76561198141889323,Not Recommended,268650,17360526,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,xxBLAZEWOLFxx,"Had to refund, due to a bit of lag. I meet the requirements, but lag can be a bit annoying.The game it's self seemed really good, but, again lag is annoying."
76561198028543393,Not Recommended,268650,19265456,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,xxxlastmigxxx,"this game need robocraft multiplayer,,,need to put like 10 players vs other 10 players death match where the best team♥♥♥♥♥♥and take all the credicts from the match,,,then open a store where people that have no brain can pay money to get spesial stuff to beat the good players ..something like pay to have a brain...       ok no for real  i beat this freaking game already,,,i dit some SUPERYAMATO BATTLE SHIP  ..i when and beat all the campain in one day ..but now i have nothig to do in the game cuzz there is no real multiplayer...so i sey give us a real multiplayer or give us our money back...wiht multiplayer fix i give this game 100000000/10..the way is now i give it 10/10..."
76561198060568398,Not Recommended,268650,15256961,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,MEATLOAF!!!!!!,Good idiea horrible setup the controls are all  over the place your constantly haveing a battle with the camera the tutorial is out of date and the physics freak out you boat it takes hours to figure out how to build and simple boat. My opinion good game needs time its really not worht the money at the moment give it time.
,Not Recommended,268650,17402664,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,EcLiPsE_,"i would not recommend this game even slightly, i watched people on youtube play this game and also watched the trailers of the game, it seemed like a fun sandbox destructive vehicle type thing where you can destroy other vehicles with weapons, but to me it turned out to be a confusing mass of words that required you to grind for a while to build a ship for it only to fail. The layout is confusing (so is the inventory) the tutorials were unhelpful and the building systm is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is very difficlut for new people to get into as a result im getting a refund."
76561198057570933,Not Recommended,268650,16303928,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,1Randum1,"too compilcated and absurd controls. i just got frustrated with this game. i will learn some of the games rules, but this has so much non-sense, i can't even enjoy playing it. if you want to spend a couple of days just to learn the basics of the game. then fine, but for me its so stupidly boring."
,Not Recommended,268650,15370566,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Gamem,"Cannot currently recommend this game....The controls are HORRIBLE.Outdated tutorials.Don't get me wrong, the idea is a great one, but the way the idea was built is horrible....Would wait until it is done.There hasn't been an update in a long while...."
76561198238516144,Not Recommended,268650,18007571,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,WarApe,Way too confuseing
76561198203739821,Not Recommended,268650,17951072,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,^6FEMINAZI INBOUND!!!,I opened it and showed black screen for 5 min then quit.It did this all the time
,Not Recommended,268650,17403103,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Kharmah,"The building in this game is good especially the keyboard controlls BUUUUT  the way you stear the vehicle is bad. Maybe if they attached the character to the wheel would be best and using the normal controls for steering. Instead you just have to be on the vehicle and it uses different keys on the keyboard. The game controls are so cluttered that any new person has to drown in video tutorials to understand how to do anything. Also the UI is crap and WAY overcomplicated. you can build your own engine and guns is really cool but the menues and UI tries throw so much information at you that it becomes too much. Final gripe here is the bots. In first person there is this limb clipping where if you turn the arm turns before the head and you can see detachment which is annoying. They also have poor models and textures. Finally their movements are too wild in and the ability to fly and survive under water ruins the feel of the game.TLDR summery: controls are very bad, UI is very bad, player model is TERRIBLE, way too much learning and not enough playing, building is cool.This game has SO much potential and perhaps by release it will be one of my favorites but until then I reccomend you skip over this one for now."
76561198042584086,Not Recommended,268650,16425252,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bronze Dragon,"Won't stop crashing, no support, no refund. Been trying to play for almost a year now."
76561198198389189,Not Recommended,268650,25853441,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,mrs mohan ghale,its not worth its price
76561198353467205,Not Recommended,268650,32062945,Posted: 30 May,all,5p1r1t,The game does not launch on my pc it says it is running but i cannot acctualy play the game im so annoyed and upset that i cant play please fix :(
,Not Recommended,268650,24551529,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Senketsu_durgen,it keeps saying exceptions thrown when trying to change the scene so can you please fix that problem.
,Not Recommended,268650,17341743,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,JoeTheTree,"-Controls were designed by many-armed moon-men-UI is a mess-Not enough room for all the buttons on a 2000x1000 computer screen-Building is convoluted-Experiance could be likened to being thrown into a cage with bright stobelights on all sides and thumbtacks all over the ground+If you can figure out how any of this game works, you just might have a marvelous timeIn the right hands I believe 'From the Depths' could have considerable potential, but as mentioned above, said hands probably belong to some strange alien that communicates with smells and has eyes on it's palms. Though you can probably achieve impressive things with From the Depths, you will first have to understand it; I could not, and I suspect a great many people could not either.If in future the dev hires a human interpreter to help him better understand how to make a game that humans can understand, then this review should be disconsidered."
,Not Recommended,268650,30449431,Posted: 11 March,all,Pexe,This game is just too complex to be fun
76561198148297899,Not Recommended,268650,18668460,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,BloodHabbit,Its fun and intresting but its so complicated .Make it more simple
,Not Recommended,268650,17571303,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,One True Morty,"The game is too complicated, the mutliplayer mode is terrible as i couldn't join any server, there is no in game tutorial which is something this really needs."
76561198142558604,Not Recommended,268650,16215058,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mango Love,it sucks the controls suck
76561198090897645,Not Recommended,268650,18681120,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,StillHere™,Hate it got stuck in ghost mode and couldn't figure out how to build.
76561198195640637,Not Recommended,268650,18333169,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Rift_AK,none didnt even get to play
,Not Recommended,268650,16353303,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Karabeep,The lack of tutorials just destroys the game yet another early access game thats utter trash
,Not Recommended,268650,19975028,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,iHateHaters,how do i refund this game?
,Not Recommended,268650,33595673,Posted: 16 July,all,braydenp.gaming,Game sucks used to able to play it and now it crashes all the time reinstalled it warning don't but this game wasted my money on this game
76561198053926675,Not Recommended,268650,14331626,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,joeker,"3/10I saw all the pretty little screenshots and thought wow this must be an amazing building/combat game!!!BOY was i ♥♥♥♥ing wrong.1: the learning curve on this is ASTOUNDING. There are extensive tutorials for this game, but the tutorials throw you right into a MASSIVE builder, which is literally EVERYTHING you can build. Seriously? you just expect to us to comprehend all of that info?2: The combat is awesome... IF you or the other person knows what the hell they are doing. I see this game as a more advanced toribash.3: The limited amount of experienced players are mostly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S. I came across one guy who i had asked for help while we were battling. He taught me how to make a neat ship, it was a tiny little raft with one cannon. His ship literally steamrolled my ship. Did i mention how this game works? which finally brings me to my next point...4: BIGGER = BETTER. If your ship is the size of a planet, chances are the other guy's game will crash or he will be destroyed by the shear massiveness of the ship. For example, There was a ship i came across called the ""titanic battleship"" Sounds really impressive right? if you like a ship that is basically a giant ram. No matter where you came at the ship from, you would destroyed. For a noobie at a game like this, there are SUPER simple changes that could MASSIVELY improve the game. Like seperating the building portion into three parts, Boat, Air, Space."
76561197964316223,Not Recommended,268650,14252872,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DoogZ,"Build controls are a complete nightmare, shifting perspective changes key function.I'm sorry my friend also bought this.2/10  - Sweet cinematic...you got me."
76561197973051663,Not Recommended,268650,14248515,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Popcorn Colonel,"Well, it's a leading contender for worst interface design, that's for certain.  I suspect there's a good game buried under here somewhere, but it's nearly impossible to penetrate the unintiutive controls in order to find it.  Ultrawide and superwide resolution users beware:  the world rendering is horz+ but the HUD is vert-, which produces... frustration.  To put it mildly.If you're on the fence, I suggest you leave this one in the oven for several more months."
76561198042596615,Not Recommended,268650,32229157,Posted: 6 June,all,Alphos,"Saw a Youtuber playing this game and I thought ""That game looks pretty darn cool, I should try it out"".Bought the game and was immediately let down.I'm not sure why the developers decided players should need to know exactly how an actual engine works to play this game but it seems to be a requirement.Don't be fooled by the ""tutorial"", it's anything but.Confusing and unhelpful, the game's ""tutorial"" doesn't actually teach the player how to make anything work.Instead, the game gives the player a gigantic codex of everything in the game and just says ""if you don't get something, spend some time in the codex"" or whatever it's called. The problem is that the codex doesn't actually help at all.It was when I was on wikipedia looking-up how an engine works that I drew the line and decided this game isn't ♥♥♥♥ing worth it.I hope this game gets better as development progresses because it does look badass. I'll put more time into it in the future as updates are made but, as it stands right now, I didn't enjoy my 9.2 hours in-game.EDIT: Less judgemental, spelling and grammar."
76561198149241622,Not Recommended,268650,30122365,Posted: 23 February,all,BlasterAce,way to complicated i have no idea what im doing can u make it anyless complicated makes me wanna brake my computer the totoriols r no help plz make it less complicated
,Not Recommended,268650,34435693,Posted: 23 August,all,The Wolery,HARDEST GAME too difficult ai is stupid and cannot control anything nothing works
,Not Recommended,268650,31425010,Posted: 28 April,all,Pinkson,When  saw this game i thought i would love it but i tryed and my. It was complicated
,Not Recommended,268650,18062516,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Theoldgney,This game isn't verry good...It has good potential but unless you are a no-life it is impossable to understand
76561198004702087,Not Recommended,268650,30420420,Posted: 9 March,all,Meow,"Yeah, look I just want to play the game but it's confusing. I spent all that time trying to deal with the controls, which made zero sense by the way, in tutorials, and then the thing made me take a stupid quiz on them? just. dude. I want to build. and if I can figure out how I'm going to change the controls to something less stupid. is there a button that just says ""okay, screw this crap and let me build?"" because I couldn't find  it. Didn't spend much time looking, admitadly but I shouldn't really have to. It should be there, on the screen, not hidden behind a million freakin buttons that seemingly give you zero choice. I was simply after a relaxing experience of building stuff and maybe blowing stuff up, why I got was a headache."
76561198149919174,Not Recommended,268650,29472172,Posted: 24 January,all,Abraxos,Terrible. I would like it if it was simple like robocraft or terratech butit isnt. its too damn confusing. As soon as i got it i refunded ebcause i cand do anything. I wouldn't recommend getting this unless you dont mind spending hours and hours trying to figure out what stuff does. I cant play robocraftanymore though becaus eit is absolutly terrible. crate system and all. Also heres a new bit: Robocraft is f.ucking cancer. Go check out my review for it.
,Not Recommended,268650,16328623,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,♡♥Sleepy Hellery♥♡,If you got the BRAINS its totally FUN AS HELL but if you dont Its complete utter ####
76561198158950930,Not Recommended,268650,18019851,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,todd.corbo,i domnt like it
76561198049283177,Not Recommended,268650,14595637,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Septerjj,"played this game for 14 hours, still have no idea how to do anything10/10 would pay 20 euro's again"
,Not Recommended,268650,14682473,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Scumfuckflowerboy,"I do not like this game. This review was originally written when i was a little kid, and i want to give a little update.This game still is broken. The concept is great. but the gameplay itself is lacky. Field of view is crazy wierd, and to even think i could build something let alone a ship like this is beyond my capabilities.I bought this game with 20 euro. A 20 euro that i did not know the value of at the time. 20 euro i could have used to buy a better game. As you can see, i have only 16 minutes at this game, but it is enough to not recommend this. When i first saw how bad this game was, the refund system was not introduced. I wish only to get even a partial refund."
76561198273548627,Not Recommended,268650,30605807,Posted: 18 March,all,itsalphabet,not ment for people who arent patcient
76561198066561547,Not Recommended,268650,13790614,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,theshuss,"Build your own vehicule (submarines, ships, planes, spaceships, ...) with blocks and fight the others, would be funny if the early access was not a bit too early. Because every main aspect of the game is not finish and all frustrating.First, let's build something. Anyway you dont have choice since this is the only thing you can do at first. So let's try ! Yeah, let's more see the video first looks a bit complicated. Beacause yes, a 1 hour video can quickly teach you how to do (I never thought one hour could both look so long and go so quick). You move the cursor with arrows, and click to place stuff (shouldn't it not be the contrary ?!). First surprise, the notion of ""forward"" depends on where you looking at ! Yeah, because nobody remember where is forward on a ship ... You have many keys, each one changing something and managing to not make building easier. Then, what to build ... there are hundreds of blocks. How is it possible ? Because many of them are useless copies of the previous ones ! Angle block just to make it look better, longer block for ... I don't know, isn't the main objective of blocks that everything is build of single same size blocks ? A good surprise, engines and weapons are complex pieces with many quite logical parts to tune it (like a canon with ammunitions, automated loaders). But some other are not: the engine is a complex part where everything must be conected, but helixes can be placed anywhere and magically get the power ! Anyway, I couldn't make neither my engine or canon work, so let's skip for the missions which magically unlocked.One aspect I forgot is that when you build your ship, water magically goes through it. Let it be clear, a boat for full of water sinks. Wood is slightly lighter than water, but with all the metal stuf like canons, it sinks. A boat only floats because of the air inside, like a baloon. So why here it doesn't think even if half of the bocks are the engines and the canon ? because the wood is as light as polystyrene ! So now, a polystyrene boat is not stable. So you need to put lot of lead under it to stop waving everywhere ! Boat do have a stabilizer, but it's not supposed to be heavy, just large to avoid lateral movement by friction. And friction is something this game totally forgot.So, now I have a fast boat, and I need to go somewhere. Let's have fun and crush into a big boat. I pushed the heavy polystyrene gallion on the side, then due to collision bugs we both started sinking, then physics rembered we are made of polystyrene so we start going upward, while friction kept not existing so we both accelerated, then finally out of water we jumped hundreds of meters high is the air, and then felt back in the water as deep as we were, and go on ... Next mission, I have a boat with cool saws on it and I need to destroy anither gallion. First surprise, my view is inside the ship, so I cannot see anything ! I found a way to have an outter view but the boat is too far. Next try, I hit the boat, but once I go deeper inside it falls on me and I cannot move. Tens of tries later and after adding saws on the boat, I destroy the right side of the gallion, make the bottom totally explode (it says I destroyed 40% of the ship) ... And the gallion is still floating like a piece of polystyrene. I had to destry 70% of it, and I never could make it because of stupid physics and collisions, and other ships firing at me.Other mission, on one plateform, few canons to use to defend, never could fire with one. Another one, the boat goes so fast it cannot turn. When I see the IA driving the planes like a sick ostrich, It says a lot about the playability. And I didn't talk about the useless robot you control and sinks deep in the water each time you lauch the building mode, or the fact that the games doesn't pause while building the so the boats keep waving everywhere and the parts you cut fall in the ship without anyway tot ake it back. Clever.So let's face it, this game is not finished, does not worth the 20€ it asks, neither the 8€ I paid in sold. Building anything is light year from the playbility of any minecraft-like game. The two main elements which make a boat go, the air inside and the friction, are totally absent. Driving anything will only bring you frustration. Looks funny on the paper, looks like many people already have fun on it, but right now it's too unfinished to even be called an alpha."
76561198367945629,Not Recommended,268650,32627871,Posted: 21 June,all,therubyredfoxx,thee game doesn't even work
,Not Recommended,268650,32529460,Posted: 18 June,all,ThatZenoGuy,"Cancerous community, and incompetent moderators/developer ruin what could be a very very amazing game.I cannot recomend this game, due to these factors.Don't give your money to people who don't care about you."
76561198206581321,Not Recommended,268650,18327988,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Bob_Willis,hated this game worst game ever
,Not Recommended,268650,34259808,Posted: 15 August,all,Gamajacob,"I was interested in the game after watching robazz. bought it and now imma refund it. spent the whole time in the first story mission because the game says ""campaign isnt easy, you should play missions first"" so i did. the controls arent fun. the first mission isnt fun. the building part is finicky.And just when i finally started getting the engine built, stupid enemies show up and start being annoying. quite frankly, i do not see myself enjoying it, so imma pull out. other people love it tho. I just dont wanna try learning it, realize i dont like it, then pass the 2 hour refund period and waste $20.If you're debating on buying it, get Mount and blade warbamd or something"
,Not Recommended,268650,20985415,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Lord Icefire,i was very bored
76561197980454192,Not Recommended,268650,33653662,Posted: 19 July,all,GMC,Shoddy half-baked garbage.
,Not Recommended,268650,16126381,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,DICKCHENEY,I have no idea what im doing
,Recommended,268650,24366456,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Hensley💦,It's just crazy how much work you can put into a vehicle and enjoy it being annhiliated by doom lasers.
,Not Recommended,268650,31069292,Posted: 10 April,all,ntomys,pls translate the game into spanish because it is too complex to understand it all in inglish
,Not Recommended,268650,26738827,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,limp Durst 07090210,its too complicated
76561198155119697,Not Recommended,268650,26024908,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,RainbowMilk,i have been waiting 8 months hoping they fix the multiplayer issue. to this day i can still not play with my friend this is very disappointing. i believe they played a large part in 9/11 and have deep connections with the KKK. overall review 0/10
76561198188700602,Not Recommended,268650,29395282,Posted: 21 January,all,mugowner,it sucks
,Not Recommended,268650,31048641,Posted: 9 April,all,Nikolai Golitsyn Николай,crap
76561198102767802,Not Recommended,268650,28474525,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Spearslinger,"All I can say is, they put a lot of work into this dumpster fire ."
76561197997525990,Not Recommended,268650,24934723,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Regalius,"UPDATE June 2017: So now they have nerfed the Diplomacy system AS WELL as the resource system.This is simply unacceptable for a strategy game. This game is NOT AS ADVERTISED, and it is frankly insulting at this point the way this company is functioning, Nick Smart isn't even working on the game actively anymore and it isn't Even at BETA  Yet. This is unethical business practice.I came back to see how the game was progressing, hoping it was in a better state but it appears to have only become worse. DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. If you do you are supporting the hollowing out of the gaming industry and the normalisation of unethical business practices in entertainment startups.(Original post)After going to the forums to discuss issues I was having with the creative direction the game was taking (Removing features, implementing repeated unnecessary ideas, general things that made me worry that the game was suffering from ""Perpetual alpha syndrome"") I met with the Reply of the creator, Nick Smart.I tried to offer Nick constructive crticism, I told him his team was talented and that I was worried about the game experiencing alpha problems that will prevent a proper release of the game as it is advertised and described. He proceeded to directly insult me and insintuate I was a loser for spending so much time test playing his game for him. (Why did I pay you money again?)So, The game is experiencing a lot of problems; but the bigger problem is I don't know if the problems will be fixed or even cared about or viewed as problems because of lack of professionalism in Nick Smart. What I do know is that they are removing advertised features to streamline code on a very unstable game that slows down and crashes frequently for many, meaning that it can no longer be described as a sandbox strategy game in any but the ""mobile strategy style"" sense. It is still a sandbox game, but not as described on steam because they have definitively given up on certain design goals. They should update their advertisement to reflect this or reform their design goals.The company is obviouly lacking an end goal for WHAT this game wants to be, and they have no plan for addressing this problem. Because of this I am afraid it will never Leave Alpha. While this is a fun sandbox with some customisation, the game concept experiences too much turnaround as newer and increasingly poorer ideas get added far too frequently. By nailing so many additions to the game concept, they are splitting the game into coding and conceptual splinters. It is almost like they are willing to break their game in order to push it further toward a theoretical release that I honestly don't see coming.Buy this game if you want to have fun in an alpha application where you design cartoonish boats that don't obey physics, Don't expect much else, especially if what you expect is professional courtesy from Nick Smart; who frankly is unlikely to  get any more of my business after this venture.This is not ""Early access"" in my opinion, this is a ""broken game"". Buyer beware, if you must buy, wait for a 75%+ sale.This is a soft no for me, if the designer learns from his mistakes before it is too late, this game may have a future. I am totally willing to change my review if they learn to listen when half their forums hate major changes(Why ask for input if you are not going to take the input?). Though my position on the managment issues will likely remain.P.s. Hey Nick, thanks for reminding me to review your game in your forum tag. I would have totally forgotten otherwise.Very Smart of you.P.P.S. After posting this review, I have proceeded to be harassed by both the creator and his fans repeatedly over the span of several weeks. This is pathetic, unprofessional behavior and I hope to never do business with this company EVER again.I am amending my review, Because of the Behaviour of Nick Smart, His Employees, and his flying monkey-like forum troll fans this is now  a Hard NO. I cannot support business practices like this, even if the game were perfect, which it certainly damn isn't.TL:DRIf I could still get a refund I would. Instead of taking criticism they lash out at paying customers, F*ck That. If you have to play this game, Well...""There be pirates aplenty on the seven seas."" Don't pay these jerks."
76561198130282086,Not Recommended,268650,31499300,Posted: 1 May,all,Sniper lol,worst game ive ever played never wanted to refund a game before...
,Not Recommended,268650,15654425,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,JUST CAUSE 3 ROCKS,"Game is not very fun. i havent played it in 2 years and i only have 15 hours. sucks on ice. it is so bad they lowerd the price because it was a complete ripoff. i hate the building system. Hey, a suggestion; get a life and make better games. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)tags: sucks, ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°), R.I.P, history,  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ , wtf?, what is the meaning of life, rep+)this ""game"" is a disgrace. I am ashamed to own this game."
,Not Recommended,268650,33282925,Posted: 5 July,all,Papa John,"Horrible.Buggy,Bad Controls,Boring,Made Me Angry,Don't buy."
76561198060604847,Not Recommended,268650,24558834,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Say my name...,Well... extremely complicated is my initial thought... omg.
76561198120538814,Not Recommended,268650,34021479,Posted: 4 August,all,(Commander) Gray-Sheep,game sucks i want my money back
,Not Recommended,268650,31259878,Posted: 20 April,all,JonnyBarba,"Unengaging, takes far too long to go through the tutorials for what's basically a glorified version of minecraft"
76561198149368989,Not Recommended,268650,33211740,Posted: 3 July,all,Jar Jar Boinks,Minecraft in a boat(♥♥♥♥ this game)
,Not Recommended,268650,14268739,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Commissar Betamax,How do I get a refund?
,Not Recommended,268650,11823933,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,🅼🅾🆁🆃🅸🅲🅸🅰,"Obvious problem whit the game is its price, its too high for a indie game what is in alpha. It should be max 10 Euros, instead being almost 20.Detailed Review:+ Realism (boat dynamics, eg too many blocks on one side can cause ship to roll over)+ Content(many blocks whit unique uses, boat engines are quite detailed, you can build Vessel, Aircraft or skyfortress+ Graphics look somewhat unique, they may seem bad for a person who is crazy about graphics quality, but they are better than minecraft ones- Gameplay time. After 10 minutes ingame it can get boring, mostly because of Ugly and bad menu system, i usually play it couple times per week.- Price Its literally too high for this software, it screams for better menuI dont recomend to buy this game for this price, it dosent deserve to be more than 10€"
76561198152958249,Not Recommended,268650,13502917,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,DJW999,doesent tell you in any way how to connect any thingreally annoying
,Not Recommended,268650,12999377,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mizar,"Looks bad and plays bad. In fact it crashed twice in a row when i tried starting it.BUT, Its pre alpha and everything is a placeholder.So its not really a bad game, its just very minimal at the moment and i honestly can't recommend it. It does have great potential to be the next big vehicle construction game now that SE seems to be going the way of ""literally anything published by EA games""So if you want a game to play, wait until they make the controls more user friendly than a microwave that shoots buzzsaw blades at you when you push a button.If you want to support the devs, be my guest, but you wouldn't really get a playable game out of it until much later.Maybe they should have waited a few months to streamline the UI and controls."
,Not Recommended,268650,13136546,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,mikelovesrobots,"I love block building games, but this one is more like pre-alpha. The user interface is horrible and in my opinion, the game is unplayable because of it.  Guys, do some user testing before taking money from people."
,Not Recommended,268650,12290969,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,MiniManHere,"I like the idea behind it but it is not the game for me really.It is the type of game you need to spend hours on to know what each item does and how it works which is not a bad thing, I play other games  that has this sort of mechanic so that is not the problem.Clunky controls and the interface is not friendly  as everything seem too big even for a large screen and changing settings did not work that well but as it is early i know that will be fixed before release i hope,"
76561198084033464,Not Recommended,268650,12497242,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ryan-red,"This game is really Complicating.  Do not get this game unless your willing to give up hours just to understand the basics and then days to build anything.   i love creation games, but only the die hard fans of this type of game should consider this.i wish i could get my money back"
76561198241953954,Recommended,268650,30382345,Posted: 7 March,all,Ike,"A very good game, but (like most early games) could be improved. The content is somewhat diverse, even when you aren't far in. There could also be a random game finder, which finds public games based on what you want (designer, tournament rules designer, campaign, etc.)."
,Recommended,268650,30391214,Posted: 8 March,all,Master_dirt,Takes a Long time to get used to but I absolutely love it. Missiles are a bit unreliably for me so far but I don't use them much anyways.
,Recommended,268650,30411862,Posted: 9 March,all,Ping|Archimaede,Best sandbox of 2016.
,Recommended,268650,30452578,Posted: 11 March,all,Consecro,Space engineers for the seas
76561198363387287,Recommended,268650,30475692,Posted: 12 March,all,erin.youngblood,This is the best game ever might I say even better than scrap mechanic.
,Recommended,268650,11829842,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,GamerNato,BUY THIS GAME!With that out of the way this game is great you can spend hours in the designer alone though understanding how some of the systems work is a bit of a learning curve but once you figure it out you can fire lazers from giant spaceships at missiles from a submarine and any number of craft the world is truely yours to change you can even write your name in a mountain with perfect 75 FPS barely a dip in framerate in the time ive played it.
,Recommended,268650,19172523,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Surfboard Wax,"If you remove the old custom cannons, I want a full refund straight away. Also can't play the game for more than 30 minutes without it crashing now. Otherwise yeah, pretty fun game."
76561198107657191,Recommended,268650,19195505,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Fingerlicking Good :D,Awesome
,Recommended,268650,19218260,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Mooo25,"Think Legos, yet you get to watch and pilot your ships or planes or subs or space craft and duke it out with the AI campaign.  This game has a working campaign, so there is a reason to build other than ""creative"" mode."
,Recommended,268650,19151590,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,DarkCow,Can be laggy at times but makes up for a lot of build options.
,Recommended,268650,17221959,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Serishi,"-Makes epic boat with overpowered canon.-Spawns mobs.-Lowers boat in water.-Canon too heavy boat thinks.Okay other than that lol, It's a great game with tons of stuff too do just watch out for the weight of your ships XD"
76561198095451300,Recommended,268650,16177992,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,SilencedHero,A all around good game. Its one of those games that you think alot more people should know about it. Yet no one you know knows about it.
76561198087981522,Recommended,268650,19240787,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,raptor265,This is a vey addictive game but hard to master. It is well worth the $20 it costs.
76561198115833931,Recommended,268650,19244945,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Imhotep_5000,the first day you think of an idea it gives you another one and so does that one.endless ideas.
76561197966295960,Recommended,268650,19135656,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Badger_442,"Good fun.  High learning curve and there are still elements im still learning, but brilliant fun..Starting on a small, raft is a little daunting, but you soon build your first boat.  then you look at how to build your first engine...once you learn how to setup AI to control your boat, the fun starts with all the weapons....Best way to learn is youtube vids.Definately lots of fun...."
,Recommended,268650,19157139,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,NoseJob123,a little hard but amazing one you get the hang of it
76561198060786535,Recommended,268650,19273127,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,TheOneAndOnlyOfficialMagnusQQ,"""I should really begin playing the campaign... danm I need  a submarine aswell""432 hours later.""Danmit I need a plane too!""Pretty much sums up my experience, and i'm not even bad at the game. The customisation is endless...The Steam Workshop could use some real categories and not just a cluster♥♥♥♥ of 7.000.000 categories.Amazing game!"
,Recommended,268650,19021966,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,★EN★ Cellular Mitosis Man,"Game is awesome, what more can you want? Make your own battleships, airships, cannons, etc. It can seem hard at first, but after a few tutorials on youtube or what not, the options are almost endless."
76561198118320598,Recommended,268650,19027317,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,The Marxinator,"Have you ever dreamed of a game that is a mix of minecraft, total war, FPS action, with some pirateering thrown in for good measure? If so, this game is for you. In From the Depths, build a ship (or fleet of ships) in order to wipe out the opposing factions. You do this by capturing resource zones where you can drill for resources to build bigger better ships. This simple goal leads to a very open experiance. The map/planet of Nieter alone has about seven or so factions to interact with through a simple to understand diplomacy panel, a massive amount of space to conquer, with some islands sprinkled in to use however you like. That's not even mentioning the built in planet builder, where you get to create a whole new experiance, or the planets that the developer is probably planning to patch in. The planet itself is not whats interesting however. Its the ship building. You have a very wide range of blocks, each with different functions to build your fleet with. You can build everything from massive steel battleships, to wooden sail based gallions, to riverboat paddlesteamers. If you find that you dont like building ships, you can board and take over the enemy ships. You could say ""Screw sailing"" and build an airship if you so choose. You can costomize every aspect of your ship, even the guns/lazers/kim jong un approved missiles it carries. I definitely think that this game is worth the money. FAIR WARNING: This game is fairly difficult to learn. Be prepared to do some resarch/ watch some youtube videos."
,Recommended,268650,17110949,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ARC77xFordo,"realy cool, much better than minecraft, best to play with friends :D"
76561198118780674,Recommended,268650,17115265,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Dangus_Khan,There is a pretty big learning curve and the UI is unlike any other I’ve played but this game is one of the most fun and immersive builders ever! A must buy.
76561198043852377,Recommended,268650,17088468,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,difflockcliff (MinoraMarine),This is a really great game. A little hidden though dunno why because i was really bored before i discovered this game (when I looked at the picture i thought it was just another dumb battleship game but its not!!) and I am so glad I found it. In a sense this game is a mixture of space engineers and robocraft except you build your own weapons. You can build anything from subs to spacecraft.it is really stable for being in early access and I haven't had any game breaking bugs at all.The weapon creation system is great you can create from a simple machine gun to a massive super cannon. You can build awesome missiles and torpedos and even build lasers!
76561198039817785,Recommended,268650,17089463,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,sentient goo,I had this on my list for a long time. I finally made the purchase and was not disappointed.
76561198107029448,Recommended,268650,16991536,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,tiwaztyr,I love his game. there are a few bugs but its still awsome
76561198110231326,Recommended,268650,17190371,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Emperor of Rome,If there was a dlc for 100$ that did nothing i would buy it just to fund the game
76561198027294109,Recommended,268650,12866066,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,FingerB0ne,Awesome!!!  takes some time to learn. But defenetly worth your time.
76561198001825671,Recommended,268650,17001797,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,tooeasy,"[""From the Dephts"" looking at ""Space Engineers""][Drops microphone on stage]"
76561198055071098,Recommended,268650,17058628,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,tomfenn05,soooooooooooooo good.
,Recommended,268650,17063637,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,EmoPanda,"Great game. Great Devs. This is a game you can forget how much time has passed, and still get a lot done. If you like a sandbox boat builder, It's got it. How about a fun campaign? Yep. How about both? You bet.I give it a 9/10 dead Coffin Nails."
,Recommended,268650,17019135,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,max,one of the best Early Access Game
76561198106393773,Recommended,268650,13692870,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DaveZjaVu,"This game will consume your life!Pro's:Extremely stable for an alpha!Loads of features with many more to come!Physics based vehicle building sandbox with an infinite amount of possibilities!Really fun campaign mode with capturable resource points and factions to fight and conquer!pretty cool levelling system!Awesome vehicle sandbox with spawnable enemies and infinite resources!really awesome developer!constant updates!Cons:Sleep deprivation.A+++This game is utterly brilliant and the lead developer is even called Nick Smart! He's a bit of a ledge! and his name rhymes with fart,oh and he's also British? I think, so home-pride! woohoo!"
76561198140598748,Recommended,268650,17438215,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,rennemannd,"Great fun game! But has anyone figured out how the heck to use anti missle missles? I know how to use anti-missle lasers, but I want anti-missle missles. I fit missle intercepter on the tip and have the missle detectors on AI connecters out in the open but they still wont intercept? im confused (Very challenging game suprisingly XD)."
76561198017879437,Recommended,268650,17443190,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,free,dont listen to the autists that say the controls are bad / the game is too complicated-there is a minecraft esque build mode for new players-controls are shown ON SCREEN when you build /control shipsthere is a learning curve to make some multiblock structuresonly play this game if you're not utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥/incapable
,Recommended,268650,17477058,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Thunderstruck,"From the Depths is an Early access Game (as of review) with not only alot of potential, but with alot of that potential already in the game. The premise is simple, build fighting craft and duke it out, once you start to play you realise it isn't that simple. From engines to custom guns it has a very steep learning curve but theres something about building that more effecient engine and that new triple barreled gun that is so satisfying, especially when you're bearing down on an enemy that can only hope to dent you. With the campaign and some story modes in the game there is so much to do for an early access. The story are set missions you need to accomplish, this are recommended for people with a bit more experience in the game though. The campaign is the first stop after building ships in the ship designer (with a brilliant keyboard build mode) the campaign pits you against other factions in a fight for the planet, you start off with one base and one boat but soon start to build up your fleet as you attack and defend to capture more resource points scattered around the map. This is where most of my time has been spent so far, even when you get defeated by a new airship that your enemy has developed its ok, because you go back to the drawing board and design something to counter it. All in all this is a fantastic game that i predict will become a huge success and I hope it does. I can't recommend it enough. The only thing I can find as an issue is the crashing, there can be quite a lot. They either need to fix the crashing or add an autosave as soon as possible. theres nothing worse than losing a large ship because you forgot to save."
,Recommended,268650,17493520,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,KalkiKrosah,"TL;DR Version: It's like lego wars for adults. If you like legos and are an adult then you will like this game.This is not a game that you will pick up immediately. I have spent maybe 30 hours on this game to just build stuff and learn how to use advanced weaponry and how to configure it properly. I still have a lot more to go before I can jump right into campaign and become effective. This game is called ""From the Depths"" and there is a great deal of depth in how to set up your ships, structures, air planes, helicopters and space crafts. There's also fleet commands, AI functions and ""diplomacy."" This game will take up a lot of time if you want to be good at it but there is definitely replay value involved in the game, complex algorithms at work and frequent updates and patches being made.The developers of this game put in a lot of effort to make this game work and it really shows. They continue to make frequent updates, patches and additions into the game.So if you can afford the time needed to learn the game then its worth getting because it will be a game you come back to many times in the future."
76561197974171618,Recommended,268650,17506384,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,tyrrell82,"This game, in early access, is already very good. However, it may not be for some.To enjoy this game, one has to be very creative and enjoy tweaking and testing literally everything... and I mean everything.Example, I've had to design my missiles so that the longer range missiles have enough fuel to reach their target, and that there is enough coordination with the short range missile boosters to reach a longer range target. I've also encorporated a proximity sensing IR-Missile so that even if there is a small miss, the missile will still go off. Next, i've made the payload an  explosive compliment and a very limited shrapanel compliment to ensure that with the added penetration the acceleration of the missile provides, that when it hits something it will do more isolated damage.This is justified by shorter range missiles that i've had a reduced explosive yeild, but are highly maneuverable at the expense of longer range and explosive layout... And this discription my friends is JUST the missiles. Literally everything requires tweaking, thought and planning.For me, this is great. It takes a while to figure out and one feels a sense of accomplishment when something works.Expect to become heavily invested in a design and the continuous modifications required to produce a good weapons platform.Casual gamers. Pass on this one. Hardcore gamers... Pick it up already!"
76561198154998683,Recommended,268650,17345708,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,drakos_evillord1,(can one you guys tell me why is there more drakes i can't fight becuse they are bombers?maybe next update make the deepwater guards lot more weaker i have a bloody hard time move my ship to just the one area with out have 10 drakes attacking me) old reviewnow it agine a fun game so time i get anger so just walk wayfrom the game for 30 minsit now lot more fun and can start working on a huge force for a faction name red guards thank you devloper
,Recommended,268650,17361865,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,qυαηтα,"I dont know what to say about this one... i had wanted it for quite some time and youtubers made it look easy, but this game is far from it. it is very- VERY hard to learn, play and well, do anything for that matter. everything seems to just explode for me. for no reason. every single mother ♥♥♥♥ing thing i make eventualy scares the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me and goes boom. i was once playing campaign and i got into a fight, where, well my ship started shooting the enemy ship and then out of nowhere it blew up. the enemy never fired a shot. my ship just went ka blam. i have to say, this game has potentential, if you can ever get passed the engines, which never seem to think the crank shafts are connected to them, or the absoulotly random explosions and slow resourse gathering. i dont know what to recomend. that you buy or not. the game is fun until everything you ever loved blows up for no reason. well. it took me a good 3 hours to make a cannon, not because of resourses. but because it was that confusing. my ships dont even move. AI is insane and not even worth touching, because it will take you years to figure out how it all works, and everything else just takes as long. if you have unlimited time and patience, this game may be for you. (if you can figure out why stuff just dicides to go boom) im recomending it as a yes just because i know i have not put enough time into it to give it a no, and am clearly not grasping key concepts of the game."
,Recommended,268650,17361971,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,CappleApple,"Even tho is has frame lag when there are millions of blocks, that is pretty much the only downside, that and the lack of ground vehicles/warfare. This game altogether is amazing and has hours of fun, and the physics work amazingly. Glad I bought it when I did."
,Recommended,268650,17277841,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,IAmASiegeTryHard,"To be honest, the game has some down sides, but its really fun to play. The phisycs are pretty good and fun to play around with. It's much better when you dont have a s**ty PC like mine."
76561198169307936,Recommended,268650,17285550,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,❄ICE❄,"FAST DOWNLOAD, BUT GREAT GAMEPLAY."
,Recommended,268650,16585390,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Shadow-Void,"It's so well optimized you can build gigantic constructs without problem, even the AI is good.The dev is active all the time, updates are frequent.It has the best building system I have ever seen, it's so much better than minecraft, robocraft and space engineers.You can build the arsenal gear, to scale, and it works.You can't build RAYs though, but that's a given seeing how complex they are."
76561198180850873,Recommended,268650,16946118,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,blubomer4,"This game is INCREDIBLE!!!! If you like minecraft, but wish you could control your creations. This is the game for you. Besides a few bugs this game is perfect.9/10"
76561198090322227,Recommended,268650,16946193,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Comrade Compilesalot,I mean yeah its pretty okay.  I might need to play it more to find out.
,Recommended,268650,16950806,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Mako Sato best character 2k17,"This right here is review where i will be putting downvoters to shame so downvoters look away. Im sorry but you dont need this wonderful game if you wont take a little time to understand the GUI or ""My game keeps crashing"". Maybe.Just maybe? wait 1 minute before clicking and freezeing/ crashing the game? huh? or how about you wait after pressing ""Spawn ship""If you can't use 30 minutes of your time that usually your using to downrate games because you cannot climb the learning curve then oh well why did you buy a sandbox naval game with complex builds?. Now i will stop shaming downvoters and get to my review in allPros:-Its fun to be challenged and learn the game-You cant go into one battle perfectly fine and comeout perfectly fine and go into a second battle and expect to win late game-Wide variety of killing creations-Ally with other sides to keep them from destroying your dreamsCons:(For some people who are impatient) The game is slow pace sometimes-In recent updates enemys you face early on require you to get to know the guns and hardware of ships. (also for impatient people)-Crashes a bit sometimes causing (Guess who? IMPATIENT PEOPLE) people to abandon the game because they dont want to stay and help the game progress and get fixes for the crashing"
,Recommended,268650,17432074,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,[κρά]Kizz,"This is by far one of the most enjoyable games I have played in a very long time. It gives me the same feeling Minecraft did on that first day. It's packed with content and endless possibilities.Functionality:One of the most powerful aspects of this game is the building system. The game offers two styles for building. One is much like Minecraft, and the other is unlike any game before. You are able to quickly and easily switch between the two by hitting F3. Where one building style lacks speed, the other picks up. Building vast expanses of wood for a ship? Try using the Keyboard mode. Trying to piece together the perfect engine? Use the mouse mode to be more accurate and percise while having full rotational control and snappy movement.Features:All that I have played at the moment is the Co-op campaign with my friend. We are about 15 hours in, and have built several things. The game is packed with tons of menus and features that can be somewhat overwhealming at first. As time goes, you begin to understand every menu and feature and at some point, about 10 hours in, it all clicks. Building becomes quick and easy, the battle events bring pure elation and excitement, and the laid back time between battles allows for you to truly create and expand. The game offers features for both visually focused players, and those who prefer stratergy. With an expansive and massive map, you will easily be able to put hundreds of hours into the game and still create new and exciting builds and fleets.Mechanics:One of the most driving aspects of the game is the adaptability of the physics. You can build almost any creation you wish. From submarine, to ocean liner, flying bases, planes, helicopters, airships, rockets, spacecraft, space stations... It's virtually endless. Even land vehicles are a thing. The physics allow for realistic events, like buoyancy, lift, drag, wind, gravity, and anything else which brings the world together. Building a boat takes a little planning as you must keep it from becoming too top heavy and flipping over. As well, the game tends to automatically create things like windows and various other structures based on block configuration, allowing for beautiful and dynamic builds without extreme effort.Visuals:On the surface, the visuals are simply acceptable. As you become more involved in the game, however, they start to make sense. The islands and ships you encounter, as well as those you build will become ever more beautiful. To account for issues during battle, the game will automatically slow and present awesome 'slow-mo' events to prevent your CPU from exploding. A very clever way of handling massive ship battles and constant explosions. The art style is something like Borderlands, which actually makes the game even better. Landmasses and the world looks more realistic, with your character and ships looking more Borderlandish. This makes the game feel happy, even with the dogs of war howling in the distance.Audio:Possibly the weakest point of the game. It has sub-par audio. Engine and ocean noises are there, but fairly generic. Music during battles is great, and interestingly, there is hardly ever music during peacetime. This doesn't seem to bother anyone though, as it presents a more calm tone and allows the user to focus on building. None of the noises are annoying, even after playing for 6 hours straight. The game audio is acceptable, but should be improved as development extends, which I believe will happen.Conclusion:Do you like building, learning, exploring, growing and being a pirate? Are you an engineer? Do you enjoy Minecraft but want something with a more interactive environment? This game is for you. It offers much more than just Co-op multiplayer as well. There are PVP teams, deathmatches, missions, singleplayer, design (creative) mode and several other game types. If you are looking for something revolutionary and are willing to put a few hours into learning the game, you will not be dissapointed. Whether you want to load your ships with AI and watch them rain hell, or control the weapons yourself and unleash terror upon your enemies, this game is astounding."
,Recommended,268650,17433455,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Ace Of Spades,Couldn't recommed this game more. The vast amount of things possible in this game make it so fun!
,Recommended,268650,17434262,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Mein Fapper,Love the game very creative :) sea version of Robocraft :D but much more vast and much more building and freedom :D
,Recommended,268650,17379069,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,JP-sama,"I have lost so many hours playing this game.  I am going to start bugging my friends to get it. I can't wait to see what comes next.There are a few things I hope get fixed/changed in the future. Please add more then 1 core support. I have a monster of a PC and I lag playing. And please speed up how long it takes to save the game. This may be part of the core issue. Other then that, I love it."
76561198063236585,Recommended,268650,17346755,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Chicken Bone,"Holy Crap this game.... So if you like Robocraft and Mount and Blade Warband, you'll love this. Mind you there is a huge learning curve, but if you take the time to learn the mechanics you'll just love this game."
76561198049440934,Recommended,268650,17347822,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Emby,"amazing game, shows great potential and is still very enjoyable to play, even though it's in its early stages."
,Recommended,268650,17373141,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,vhunter1991,Great game! I couldn't put it down. I have built a ship for my first vehicle and it's fantastic. I think that the price of $20 is well worth it. I would recommend this to anyone who likes creative / battling games. I think that this game has a lot more potential and I will be looking forward to the newer versions of this game. I hope this is like the new Minecraft for me (played 2010 - 2013) meaning I can get 3 - 4 years of entertainment out of this product. Keep up the good work!Offical rating: 10/10Improvements: None as of now. I'll update this if I have any improvement ideas.
,Recommended,268650,17373223,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,deavisdude,One of the best games I've played in a while.  You should check it out.
76561198043519846,Recommended,268650,18914129,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,CrossLegLuke,"If they said today the game was finished I'd have no problems with it.There are ssome things that could be improved somethings that could be added but really? this IMHO is a complete game in early access for the hell of it. Ive gotten my moneys worth out of it twice over.if you have a decent rig enjoy naval engineering (you will after this game) and like the idea of a ever expanding arms race between you and the AI, or even you and the community. get this game last week."
76561197969782921,Recommended,268650,16553507,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Flatline,"Very Brief Summary:Obligatory Minecraft reference - using blocks to build ships, planes, spacecraft, floating fortresses and really really really stupidly big guns that may or may not look rather phallic.Important Points:* The install size is very small, and the game is very stable and smooth. Loading times are minimal.* Your constructions will not wobble! Even as they're being shot to pieces, flying through the air or diving across the rolling waves, your creation will not wiggle and the parts will not look like the glue hasn't dried. Once you stick it together, it behaves like a proper, solid object.* The physics are robust. Whether you're ramming another warship, or just trying to make one that doesn't sink the moment you put it in the water, you can rely on the physics to make sense.* The combat is fantastic, whether you're manually aiming a weapon or leaving it up to AI modules that don't actually suck. Imagine Homeworld's colourful, trail-filled battles with Eve's general ship control, but with the added bonus of being able to walk around your ship and man the guns yourself.* You will spend too much time in this game, and neglect your wife/job/personal hygeine.Important features:* Comes with a huge list of pre-built vehicles, from tiny submarines to flying fortresses.* Weapons systems that can be customised in painstaking detail - if you want, you can build a cannon that runs the entire length of your ship, or an automated missile turret with 20 laser-guided missiles.* Single missions that act like challenges, which can be played with default vehicles or your own creations.* A campaign mode that's like one big RTS game, where all the units and structures can be designed by you.* The game is full of tooltips, documentation, visual examples and prefabricated components."
76561198062772048,Recommended,268650,16267096,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Dragonian,This Voxel game is amaising for your carreer you start with a fortress mineing a geting oil and crystals you must build a ship and attack other places to get more areas for more resources for BIGER fleets and build planes and ships that can go into space this is the ultimate fleet building navy game or whatever you whant to call it!
76561198074185082,Recommended,268650,16321692,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Naughty Bear,How could you not love this game. Its so much fun just to screw around and have fun building ships and planes of mass destuction.
,Recommended,268650,15686026,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,candace.warren1,"this is a very fun game if you like building and DESTROYING ships, planes, airships, and some more stuff. it's too much to list."
,Recommended,268650,15520859,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,GuardsmanOfficerToby,"A fine game worth playing. My favourite ship is CoffinNail, cause it reminds me of ISA flying bases in Killzone trilogy."
76561198020837703,Recommended,268650,15482644,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Red Whip The Hated,"This game is pretty awesome, a little tricky getting the hang off but Most good games are. But this is a game you will probably most likely looking for ""how to videos"". Overall Great game cant wait to see what i can make and destroy."
76561198069734969,Recommended,268650,15416812,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Dynal,beat the entire game without using any tutorials#GetOnMyLevelChuckNorris
,Recommended,268650,15417905,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,The G¬Man,"This Game Is Awsome, the only problem is thee building is a little wanky"
76561198170644271,Recommended,268650,16744519,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,danlukesmith1,most awesomest game ever best graphics yet
76561198107608898,Recommended,268650,16683281,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Harambe,this game is REALLY HARD to build. but once u get a hang of it you'll really enjoy it!
,Recommended,268650,16684050,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Byde,"I usually don´t review.This game however deserves a highlight. I think is one of the best games I have ever played.Why?- The develops are updating it all the time.- Allthough it is a early access this game has everything a complete game could offer, and much more.- A really deep gameplay and build system.- If you like to build it is perfect.- If you like strategy games it is perfect.- THIS IS A FREAKING STRATEGY GAME WHERE YOU CAN CREATE YOUR UNITS PIECE-BY-PIECE!9,5/10 -> Only thing that could be better is the graphics... but they are already working on it :)"
,Recommended,268650,18347933,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Sir Oranges,Hardest Game
76561198046727971,Recommended,268650,18366782,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sjafin,"Though it is complex. and can seem intermedating. once you get the hang of it, it can be a lot of fun. winning battles. making fortresses and destroying your opponents! of course this is only my opinion. some people could find this a little bit boring at times. but for me. it is a great game! can't wait for what they are planning on doing with this game in the future."
76561198191257569,Recommended,268650,18356946,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Remil_selvo,"Best game i have ever played. Very orginial sandbox game were you build your own ships and aircrafts blowing things up and challenge your own friends designs againist yours  in mulitplayer battles. But just because of how complex this game is, if you dont have the patience to look up tutorials on youtube this game might not be for you. But one of the things that i like most about this game is the since of acomplishment you have when youve built something great and overpower your enemies designs. I have not seen a game like this one anywere else on steam. This game also have the best building mechanics ive seen yet and you could build almost any aircraft or ship in this game that you want to asumming your computer can handle it. I would recommend this game to any creative person or airplane/ship enthusiast."
,Recommended,268650,18271319,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Flipo,"Easy To Use, easy to understand tutorials where their easy to find Recommand this game to anyone who likes minecraft with more destruction and better physics!"
76561198142838981,Recommended,268650,18343820,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Maroon Monsoon,"I do not often make recommendations about games at all but this game is very much worth doing so. It is a complicated sandbox with approximately infinite replayablility. The ship building mechanics are very in depth and even involve correctly balancing your ship and the importance of angled armor for deflecting shots.The campaigne is very long and will be challenging to your ship making abilities (and your ship controlling abilities depending on how you choose to play). I have 77 hours recorded so far but I certainly intend to get even more, this is a genuinely good game, even through the early access."
76561198062398778,Recommended,268650,18264776,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Hillbilly_Llama,. Spent a week making a huge battleship> Finally Grind Materials To Spawn In Campaign> Spawn Battleship> Gets Hyped> Battleship Gets Intant Killed By A Dingy With A Machine Gun> Fails Campaign> Restarts...> Wins Entire Campaign With A Rocket Firing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Ship> 9/11 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Again!
76561198203743305,Recommended,268650,18152646,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Heathen,this game is amazing. I have had hours of fun playing this game. At first the game is really confusing but then you get the hang of the game and you can create whatever you want.
,Recommended,268650,18419488,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,"Hey, VSOS. MoM here",Do you like building?Do you like getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you?Buy this game if you answered these questions.
76561198076509166,Recommended,268650,17878960,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,TheRarest,These 19.99 was one of the best investments I ever did and here's what I got for it:-Really cool design options-A buttload of crazy projects-Really cool looking vehicles-Addiction to the gameYou might want to look some guides before playing.His dudeness
,Recommended,268650,17922973,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Saint Nick,I suck so bad at this game and everyone builds better ships than me 12/10
76561198123720233,Recommended,268650,17840569,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,arshyapd,Deb best game its like robominecraft the best 11/10
76561198171303943,Recommended,268650,17986853,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Mathias Welch,this game is great the idea flawless but their are flaws like u cant deleat profiles for some odd reason and it lags alot with big battles the learning curve is huge but thats y the internet was made and it is difficut to master and hard to learn but eventually u will do it so this is a good game worth it in my book
76561198111487802,Recommended,268650,30512734,Posted: 14 March,all,dylman25,I DEFINENTLY recomend this game to all of you out there who dont have it yetPros: EverythingCons: NONE
76561198022149086,Recommended,268650,16956888,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Franco :),"From the Depths has just started working on campagin co-op and PVP and other muliplayer stuff! I like this game so much just the thought of being able to build vehicles that can go in space,sky and at sea and i hope they make it where vehicles can go on land soon.... I have played this game for a month or 2 and its awesome!"
,Recommended,268650,17167963,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Domini Mortem,This game is as good as your creativity. Build anything that you can imagine and armor it up for battle!
76561198066562506,Recommended,268650,17169388,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Deltabacon,"Having played over 50 hours I can say that this is one of the most addictive games I have played - the physics engine is the best I've seen out of any crafting game yet, and the sheer freedom to create what you want is beautiful. It's tough, no word of a lie, but when you create your first ship that balances well and can fight effectively it's a great feeling!Nigh-on 10/10. Such a great game!!"
76561198100189119,Recommended,268650,17117236,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Kushlord,gets massacred by enemy ships in vehicle designer mode.decides to make a ship to kill the enemiesbuilds a 3 large turret metal dreadnoughtthe poor vanguards never knew what hit em
,Recommended,268650,17128135,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TurnedToDust,"From The Depths. Status of review = Early Access.Graphics 8.5/10.For the game and what I believe it is supposed to be ( Building/RTS ) Things at this moment are Really well done, Everything looks fairly clean, including the water and land textures. as well as the majority of Block textures.Gameplay 8/10.I actually want to give this one a 10/10, But a few things hold me back. The majority of ship/fortress and or constructable control is what it needs to be. Resource gathering I find is grand for this game as you just need ot provide enough power and construct the appropriate collector to get what you need ( Over time that is ).But the shining gem that is still left in the dirt is the AI control and it's rather stunted options as to what you can do, a fair amount of ships that I have made or came across in the workshop do horribly dissapointing things. Flying/propelling directly into other constructables, Nose diving into terrain or water, or all together just blind running suicide missions into enemy ships.Overall 8/10.For it's place in Early Access it is quite well done and has a lot of potential to evolve into a really beautiful game.Worth it at full Price?Well unless you are a supporter of Early Access and know what that really means, or have a passion for a game of this type then I personally recommend waiting to grab this the next time it is on a Steam Sale."
,Recommended,268650,16883438,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,KNIGHTC,"I just bought this game, and I still barely know what Im doing......BUTIts freaking awesome and with multiplayer it will be even better.To the devs: KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!"
76561198212174136,Recommended,268650,17404928,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,TheGeckoGamer,I love the game but i just feel like the beginning of the game is just to boring.
76561198105187711,Recommended,268650,17694598,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,✪,"You will most likely love this game, and so do I. Probab;y the only bad thing I can say is the building takes hours to get used to...but once you get the hang of it, you will be destroying all the ------- in ---- ----- -----....wait...spoilers."
,Recommended,268650,17713941,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,TPerk11,Fun game! Takes tons of time to make a good design and many times that design won't work. If you'r game for many experiments and time making designs and put them to the test then buy the game. Good investment but at the consequence of wasted time on many designs. 7.5/10
,Recommended,268650,17729160,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Cirmisekiz,Took me 13 hours to learn the game.Not bad.
,Recommended,268650,17734992,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Jordan,"I would recommend this game, even though it has lots of bugs but... wouldn't you expect that with a game which is still in development? I love the main gameplay but again, please sort out the framedrops which happen every so often."
76561198016483161,Recommended,268650,17736651,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,swipisnt,have 66h on my belt and still learning...I can say just this --- YOU MUST GET and PLAY THIS GAME!10/10
,Recommended,268650,18202545,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bambam625,"All I can say is WOW, well done. There arent very many games like this that can  keep my attention for very long, and this one has succeeded. Absolutely LOVE being able to tinker and create your own ships/planes/ submarines/ bases etc.A lot of games I decide to buy and test out end up being OK, but I usually feel a little let down , kind of like a ""this is it?"" feeling. I did not feel that with this game at all. Absolutely one hundred percent recommend you get this game.Definitely worth the money, an excellent game.This game literally lets you build whatever you want, however you want. SO MANY different ways to play and strategize.A Suggestion for the Devs:Maybe consider adding a ""world mode"" , where there is an economy , and unique places to explore on this planet. Have this mode be like an rpg mode, where you can trade, explore,  and have adventures with friends. instead of just fighting all the time. I absolutely LOVE building ships in this game, its so enjoyable and relaxing, and sometimes i find myself a little bummed about the fact that the game is about war, and fighting.I would absolutely love if there was a mode where you made the world youre on feel more alive, where you start off in a small town, a social hub of sorts where people can team up for adventures ( and maybe make your character bot slightly customizable) and build a small exploration OR cargo vessel and slowly make you way to resource zones and check out a world with a little more detail. maybe  add some wildlife ( sharks, more land animals. some trees, maybe underwater cave systems, etc) It doesnt have to be a HUGE difference, but maybe a modified map, with a few tweaks here and there to give it some more life. more things to do.  That would be very fun for me. I do enjoy the fighting aspect to this game, but if you did something like that, it would open up SO MANY possibilities for gameplay. you already have awesome gameplay basics, everything is so well done and detailed. Anyway i hope you see this."
,Recommended,268650,18195396,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,※Dead,"A great game. I happily spend dozens of hours building ships to conquer the world. Content-wise, it's very good for an early  access game.The UI could really use some polish, and poor optimization leads to low framerates.Luckily, the developer, Nick Smart, is very active on the forums, and the most recent patch improved framerate by around 50%.  I suspect more is on the way."
,Recommended,268650,18197973,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Templar DeathzLief,"Its a great game, but if you dont have a good computer it ebolas."
,Recommended,268650,18255969,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Frodo My Baggins,Like it.
76561198129071292,Recommended,268650,18504457,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,carlandmandi,"I really like the game, one thing though. WHY DID YOU HALF THE PRICE?! i spent $30 on this and now it only costs $15!"
,Recommended,268650,18451558,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Rogue Knight,Too much water10/10 IGN
,Recommended,268650,18496700,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Fwiffo,"This game is litterally one of my favorite games of all time, the amount of things you can create is almost litterally infinite, ships, aircraft, hover-craft, aircraft, and space-ships are just a few of the things you can create, with a ton of blocks available to suit the needs of your creations. There is a slight learning curve at first, but its definitly worth it in the end.As this is an early access, many things are yet to come, but the developer is constantly working on the game and releases very frequent updates. Overall, not many games have this much replayability along with overal high quality, especially for an early access."
,Recommended,268650,18519125,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Teriyaki-Sama,"Play, Build a ship, Ship is worthless, Ship flips over, You sigh and quit, you write a review saying that this game is too complex for you. But yet you still try again and again with the same results."
76561198094570198,Recommended,268650,18535278,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Skeletor,"You can build giant, flying pickles with missiles.Nothing else needs saying."
,Recommended,268650,18558063,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,codered473,"wow, just wow, i first saw this game when i was just taking a look around steam, and boy let me tell you it was a good find. This game is more than just another voxel game. Its taken a step in a new direction (at least in the way it plays). Its really nothing like other voxel games that really just came out of the minecraft craze, such as starmade and robocraft. Since im a big war buff i enjoy being able to accuratly build a ship, plane, or land vehicle. While the game might be a little buggy, its really stuff you dont notice. This game becomes especially fun when you play with friends, or against them.This game is 10/10 egg whites enjoyable. i recommend this game to anyone who has the patience to build something, that could lead into hours, or sometimes just minutes."
,Recommended,268650,18604284,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,=TWC=TheKillerGamer,From the depths is a really fun game i love how you can make nay ship you want but it dosent just have to be a ship it can be a plane a statlight or as you know a boat i really recommend this game to anyone that likes battleship games and likes building games because in this you can make you own ships planes and stalights in Frome The Depths
,Recommended,268650,18669123,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Zak Saturday,"Great game, takes a lot of practice to learn anything well in this game."
,Recommended,268650,18651359,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,SandShark,"If you ever figure out what the f*ck you're doing in this game, you can probably put it on your resume."
,Recommended,268650,18653609,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,_______________,good game
,Recommended,268650,18633435,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Major. Cooper,I love this game i would recommend it all day 10 out of 10 all around but it has some REAL PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS still worth it but hopefully they fix it because i can not go one game without it crashing on me
76561197969202706,Recommended,268650,18636808,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Fulby,I almost returned this game as the learning curve is so steep and there's not much in game guidance (the more complex guides are YouTube videos). It's well worth sticking with it though as it's a great battle simulator and development is active enough that it's getting more content too.
76561198022653654,Recommended,268650,17884101,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,AppleFoul,As soon as I think I know how to play I discover that I don't.10/10 For making me feel bad about my IQ.
,Recommended,268650,17885108,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Fb||CathyDiep,"It's a really good game thats for sure, even if it lags some times because of certain ships its a cool game and thanks to 2 youtube channels called:Robbaz and Lathland i discovered this pearl and i do recommend it, its a cool game to pass your time building,fighting,discovering,etc. and one more thing continue with your great work guys because i wanna see this game become bigger and famous, see you guys on the next update!"
76561198111166459,Recommended,268650,17860725,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Sil3nT,This is a great game. using a macbook to play ATM. fun experience still. lags alot when in big fights tho. i cant have 2 or more ships to go into battle into the mid campaign cos it just lags too much.. and i cant use capslock or locking while in build mode is impossible. other than that this game is simply amazing. if you like to see things blow up(missles) play this! missles are just a beauty at blowing things up. u like to see blocks dissapearing one by one(Lazers)! Lazer... simply over powered. and then there is that HUGE CANNON shooting at you. yeah well. LOVE IT!
,Recommended,268650,18122440,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Yung Letdown,Has probably one of the biggest learning curves of any game i've played. Well worth the time it takes though!
76561197991289112,Recommended,268650,17868546,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Blaank,Gummi ships on the high seas.
76561198142016591,Recommended,268650,18138019,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Tada Banri,"This game is just a really complex ship building simulator. It has some battle aspect to it, it has some creative aspect, and best of all it has physical and a realistic aspect to it. This game is really complex, so if you are planning on buying this watch some videos on how to build and see if you like it. This game still has a lot to be worked on. The devs in this game are generally really good and respond to your complaints which is awsome. \Pros: The game is fun and overall adictive to play.- The game is very smooth on low end laptops. I tested this with my brothers computer. He is 8 years old. The specs are :I3 3227u- Cpu @ 1.90 ghz with intel integrated graphics 4000. It has 6 gbs of ram. His laptop runs this game at a solid 45 frames with no lag spikes. Although if you have really big intense battles your fps can drop down to 5 - 6 fps but its still playable and watchable. I tested this with high settings btw.- This game is well develeped and the building system is pretty good but not perfect.- I like the fact you can control your ships with AI but sometimes Ai is kinda bad.- The main menu is well made and has a nice background and what I like about it is that it shows a tiny battle with some creative ships.- The way you build custom engines and weapons is genuis. This idea is very revoultuionaryCons- I couldn't think of one lolGenerally good game and I think you should buy it"
,Recommended,268650,18138471,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,seracath13,An incredibly fun game but it requires a learning curve
76561197993648038,Recommended,268650,18175711,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Murdershy,"One of the most addictive and fun games I have played in a long time.This game turned out to be a nice surprise to me as I very nearly didnt buy it and even when I did the steep learning curve almost put me off. If you are looking for a quick jump in and play without using your brain this is probably not for you but if you enjoy a game that you can tinker and play with your designs for hours to get them just right and enjoy a bit of complexity then Im sure you will enjoy it.The interface takes a bit of getting used to and you currently need to spend some time in the forums and on youtube figuring alot of the stuff out as things like engine design, weapons and even just figuring out how to build a ship that doesnt float like a brick or a plane that wont fly straight takes alot of practice. Stick with it and you will soon find yourself putting out better and more complex designs in no time. Just be aware this game is a massive time sink and I have found myself getting stuck into a design and before I realise it 8-10 hours have passed and I still have ideas to try.As an early access I am really enjoying it and cannot wait to see it improve even further !"
,Recommended,268650,18618719,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,rightfullegos,"just like robocraft, this game involves lots of strategic building and combat. you need to have a lot of patience (unlike me) to build something worthwhile. note that im writing this review while watching Aavak playing from the depths."
76561198075537765,Recommended,268650,18584526,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Leo,"It takes some time to get into it but the time is really worth it. as soon as you grasp the basic concepts a world of infinite possibilities await you, where you can make all sorts of ships, planes, submarines and things nobody thought of yet which is amazing!And a good thing is that it is still in development! the devs got more awesome stuff and overhauls to come that will make it even better.10/10"
,Recommended,268650,18607686,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,LtCarrot,"I would heavily reccomend this game to anyone who loves destruction, explosions and most of all... creativity.I would give this game a 10/10, but it's still in alpha and some of my controls don't work on mac, and my friend is having major issues on windows 10.Other than that, one of the best games yet."
76561198089572216,Recommended,268650,18621777,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Gilmor,"This game is an Engineer's wet dream. There is almost no limit on what you can build and I like the learning curve. When you're mile long battleship works after toiling with it for hours, it is so rewarding. So many options on anything. This is a game you could possibly replay forever. Every campaign could be different just by using different designs. I will say this game runs horribly as it currently stands. My PC far exceeds even the recommended requirements for this game, yet even medium sized battles only average 12 fps. If they would optimize this game, I would have no problem saying this game is worth $100+ dollars. If you can put up with the low frames and sorry performance, you have yourself an easy buy here.Pros:-Extremely fun-Infinite Replayability-Rewarding learning curve-Build anything and watch it fight for you-Large variety in enemies and their respective tactics-Easily worth the priceCons:-Extremely low FPS, even on high end PC with lowest graphic settings"
76561198093140555,Recommended,268650,18626680,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Tomcooldude,from the depths is a great game once you know how to use most of the mechanics and you can end up playing for hours on end just creating a perfect ship with great speed and accuracy.
76561198140568804,Recommended,268650,18735336,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Anonymous,Best game ever!!!!!!!! this game is awesome for people who like complicated things :) <3
,Recommended,268650,18759206,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,пенис,"as you can tell from my hours count, i very much enjoy this game and would definetly recommend it to players of games like minecraft, the games made by Wargaming and games similar to those, which there are many of. the game is just so great because of the mutiple aspects that you need to focus on. there are some incredibly advanced parts of the game and some incredibly easy parts of the gaem, and in all, anyone who struggles at the campaign mode which is very expansive and would require almost two months to finish, you can crap around making the DANKEST of ships in the designer and then use them in the much harder campaign. BEST GAME EVER 24.432/6 IGN lol"
,Recommended,268650,18757855,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,RadGH,"So many games have tried to do sandbox vehicle combat. This is the only one which actually did it properly. You can build really advanced ships and there's a huge variety  of parts. Everything from a massive jet engine to the type of fuse on a missile. You can make huge spinning paddle wheels for the water, or huge spinning helicopter blades. But you don't just slap on a ""helicopter rotor"" part like in other games - you build it!So good."
76561198116464005,Recommended,268650,18733973,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,oceanvista,"some people say this game is to complicated i disadree i love the options in this game there is a bit of alearning curve but with lots of options that`s to be expected my computer starts to slow down after 6,000,000 rp i hav amd 8350 16 gb ram 760 evga video card if you have lots of moving parts like gun turrets this will also slow fps even at 3,000,000 rp there is still a ton of things to build taking the options a way wood ruin this game i`ve had this game for over a year and the up dates  keep making it better this game is very cool !!!"
,Recommended,268650,18742739,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,flying unicorn | csgomassive.com,really amazing game. there are thousands hours of gameplay to do and there are a lot of updates.there is no big need in composants. you can easily play it with bad computers with a little bit of lags in battles
76561198079410625,Recommended,268650,18800756,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Matt'sBack,"To be honest when i first saw this a few years ago i really didnt like it then i found a playlist and watched all of it then i watched another then another then i thought ""why dont i get this game?"" so i got it. My first ship was a complete and utter disaster then after about 2 prototypes it worked so i then built a MASSIVE batleship and thought ""this isnt big enough"" so i built one 3 times the size it had 24 main guns 6 secondaries and 8 tirshiaries (not sure of how it is spelt) then advanced cannons came out and i modernized it. now it has 8 main guns (15QF MarkI) and 10 AA guns (3QF MarkI) also it has been reclassed as a battlecruiser and it is not done yet.Ok I will be quiet while you buy the game.JUST GET IT ALREADY STOP READING THIS AND BUY IT."
76561198069423426,Recommended,268650,12327151,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,LittleButta,"This game is awesome! Although the learning curve is around 11 hoursish (at least for me) it is a great game, With nothing to do with minecraft or most other voxel based games. The best way to describe it is mixing BanjoKazooie and a physics simulator. There are a few bugs but considering there are only 2 guys working on it (i think) and the fact that every block has its own collision and are destructible all to themselves. If you dont like to learn a new game dont buy this game, if you feel like 20$ isent worth it, buy this game."
76561198084684659,Recommended,268650,14058626,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Jumps,Absolutely Amazing Game! Totaly Worth the $20
,Recommended,268650,13983499,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,BigMcLargeHuge,"Pros:*Buildable ships, planes,helicopters, submarines, spaceships, fortresses and more!*progressive unlocks as you play and gain exsprience (though scenario missions and a campaine)*add AI and watch them hunt down / defend /fight other factions*dont want to be limited by resources and constraints? no problem just load up the editor and build and save all you want*dynamic day/night /weatherCons:*difficult to just pick up and go, if you buy this consider checking comunity guides or video`s*some textures in game are ugly (however being a alpha when this was written it may of changed)*since story and campaine enermy are literaly aimbots, you feel realy rushed and at times have to go for a meta or cheep tactics to even win a fight.Surgested improvments :*some retextures on some items,*ai is far too accurate at times,  need to be a balence where a player can still be able to at least hit a target without being sniped miles away by something that looks like a pixel on thier screen.overal: its a fun yet complicated game that is still in alpha and needs a few tweeks, dispite its flaws i can see myself playing hours more of this game, and would recomend other to purchase as well as long as they are look up soem guids and ""how to"" vids before hand."
,Recommended,268650,21908989,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Xen0sys,"This game is already really awesome and worth buying. Spent many many hours hand crafting vehicles most of which utterly failed... at first... but from the ashes of those failures rose some pretty awesome contraptions.If you like building stuff, you'd like this game. Learning curve is noticeable but not so steep as to be a deterrent."
76561198203583492,Recommended,268650,21910053,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,vballadares.vb,Pretty good
,Recommended,268650,21895034,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,ModernWarfareFrost,"From The Depths is a Really Fun Game Pretty much Like Minecraft with All the War and Gun Mods combined in one and then Merged wiht a Planet.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------When I first Bought this I really thought Ughh TOO HARD But after About 10 Hours and I started to make some good Boats For my Campaign I recemend At Least Playing 2-7 Hours trying to make a Light Armored Boat.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------These Are parts of the Custom APS and CannonsGauge increase, Increases the Diameter of the Barrel Allowing Wider Shells.Firing Piece, Needed to Fire the Gun (MUST BE ADDED!).Auto Loader, Loads Shell For Gun (APS has 1-8m Variants).Ammo Cilp(s), Holds Shells/Ammo (APS has 1-8m Variants and Soild Variants).-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------when you Just Start the Missions and Campaign you Brain and yourself Opens a Epic Box of Fun-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------SO I RATE 100/10 AND 5/5 STARSO I RATE 100/10 AND 5/5 STARSO I RATE 100/10 AND 5/5 STARSO I RATE 100/10 AND 5/5 STARSO I RATE 100/10 AND 5/5 STAR-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------DISISAEPICGAME1,000,000,000/10AND5,000,000/5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198107359569,Recommended,268650,21877523,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Edward Panzer,"this is a over all amazaing game. take space eng. and KSP and mix them together and you have this game.PROS--you want to build something you can-really good building controler-esay to run (depending on what you are building-lots to do-in really good shape for a Alpha/beta (i dont remeber what state it is in at the time of making this review)-combat is fun and pretty esay to understandCons--takes a bit to learn (one you get the hand of it it becomes super esay)-not for the simple minded (the game dosent do anything for you for the most part , so you need to plan out everything)so over all  rate this game 1000000 out of 10 ships would take over the world with 5 ships again."
,Recommended,268650,22293273,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Muktuk,"A truly fantastic game from a committed and incredibly active developer - same day fixes for bugs in many cases - it's a vehicle building game with a highly detailed physics engine and tonnes of components to use to create your death machine of choice. Personally, I favour 250 mph bombers using downward facing 650 mm cannons, but the possibilities are endless. I've over 200 hours sunk into this so far, and if new features keep being added, I expect to drop a few hundred more at least. Well worth your time and your money."
,Recommended,268650,22205099,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ben The Cat,"REAAAAAAAAAAAAAALY complicated, but theres a lot of depth (no pun intended) to this game."
76561198065368097,Recommended,268650,18619814,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,UnclePedroThePanzer,"its fun, i can build huge ships of doom that cant even shoot down a tiny aircraft 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/5 i cant build♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198247979150,Recommended,268650,22033949,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,O2F2,"One of the best games I have played in a while. When I found and dedicated hours to World of Warships, little did I know that the game I was really looking for was here. The creative aspect of building your own vessels more than makes up for any lack in graphics."
,Recommended,268650,22030849,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,TheBionicTree,"This game is incredibly system heavy and requires quite a bit of time to understand everything, but it is by far the most enjoyable experience I've had in a game for years. The idea that you can create your own naval units and put them up against others is phenonomal. It's like Minecraft with ships, guns, boats, planes, and a whole lot more.Buy this game."
,Recommended,268650,22017158,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,banzai,great game only thing we need is to stop the crashing and we will be set for full release from there
76561198243801904,Recommended,268650,22013107,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,SHARKBAIT,I highly recommend this game if you're interested in building huge vehicles and cannons. Go to the steam workshop for examples of what some people have made and you'll be surprised what creative things can be made in this tiny game. Though I will warn that there's a steep learning curve before you can truly play the game.
76561197988109931,Recommended,268650,22013307,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Misare,"Do you want to build a ocean oil derrick, submarine, speedboat, plane, jets, hovertanks, space stations, low orbit space craft with a big honking laser?  You can do all of that... or just send clouds of missiles to wreck some woefully underpowered ship because that's fun too!250+ Hours in the game and not only have I not completed all the content it had when I bought it months ago, but they keep adding more!"
76561198042449782,Recommended,268650,22018374,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Varthlokkur,"From the Depths is an incredible game that let's you create anything you can imagine and then send it out to do battle with other incredible creations. There is a little bit of a learning curve, but once you get past that, there are so many things to do and many hundreds of hours to potentially lose. After all my time playing I still have not finished the campaign as I enjoy just messing around with the game and testing the limits of what is possible (with said limits being few and far between). The only downside I can see is that it can be quite taxing on your pc. Cannot recommend enough for anyone who has even a tiny shred of creativity in their body."
76561198004765128,Recommended,268650,22022998,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,brokenswing,"ok i never wrote a review before,but from the depths is pure joy!if you like wrapping your head around complex systemsand you are willing to learn AND you like sandbox games(and of course ships, planes, spacecrafts and overthrowing your bestfriends vessel with YOUR creation)this is a must have.Do expect to put some time into the game to learn the basics,but at the point there you are capable of building your first craftfused with your first guns and cannons it is a huge amount of fun.Oh did i mention you build your own guns and cannons?you do!will there be modding support soon?yes it will!are there tutorials for all key mechanics, with video support?yap, right there on youtube, or within the community.is the from the depths community helpful and creativ?sure they are!is the developer a great guy who works with his communityto create a game only for the reason to craft a good game?yes he is!the only thing bad about this game is as well (in my opinion) a good thing,you will need a lot of time to dig in (from) the depths.myself, by now, put 200 hours into the game and there are still game mechanicsi basicly did not use.from the depths is good by now and will be great once finished,worth every cent."
76561198014157925,Recommended,268650,22235382,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Golias,"From the depths is a fantastic idea with lot of potential that you can already experience in the Early Access.In this game you build a ship or aircraft (or a combination of both) using a combination of blocks (think minecraft) that you then use in a Campaign map to destroy other crafts, or in single event battles against others.The crucial element of this game is that each element of the build (engine, guns, missiles, hull) is itself built by blocks, that, depending on what you want to optimise, requires non-trivial choices of configurations. This reasoning applies to everything:* hulls: material and structure affects: attrition in water/air, area of exposure, weight vs armour.* guns: length of gun barrel, shell exit velocity, shell composition, reload time, barrel cool-out time, affects effectiveness of the shell on target, size, area of exposure to enemy fire.* missiles, mines and grenades, torpedo (pins, Infra-red detection, warhead size, etc.)* engine (cylinders, turbo-chargers, exhausts, etc.).For example, an engine can be built to be very heavy and efficient (in fuel consumption), but can also be lighter and less efficient, or optimised for low-RPM, or for high-RPM, and this depends solely on the blocks you choose, and how they are positioned in relation to each other.Finally, the combination of each of these pieces then makes the craft itself suitable for some things (e.g. a bomber, a battleship), but very unsuitable for others (a fighter, a submarine), and is therefore the combination of different designs that leads to total victory.Ah, and, of course, you then actually drive/fly the thing, or put an AI doing it for yourself. And there are a lot of other things (resources management and logistics, strategy and tactics in campaign), that I will not even touch here to simplify...It has the best ingame tutorial I ever seem (and I play computer games for more than 20 years), very good game mechanics, and lot of non-trivial decisions for the player.I strongly recommend this game.One of the major drawbacks of the current state of the game is FPS. Despite all the efforts from the developers, it is still in pretty bad shape, and I do hope that the code base on which this game is programmed allows to fix this outstanding issue."
76561198116784829,Recommended,268650,17403946,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,2010osian,very good game
76561198054889704,Recommended,268650,22250648,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,coin2028,"Brilliant game.  Hard to believe that it is still an alpha.You can play it in almost any style you want, from FPS to ship/aircraft/spacecraft combat simulation to vehicle modding/designing to real-time strategy & tactics.One more thing amazes me is the fact that system requirements are much lower than I expected.Water physics is pretty realistic except that some problems with surface tension seem to exist.It's a pity that land vehicles with wheels or tracks are not supported.  If you want to travel on land you would probably have to build a hover tank or alike."
76561198156457026,Recommended,268650,22305974,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Apoc242 -SGC-,"It's a great game that I've played an underwhelmed amount of time. This game is all about resource management and imagination, if you dream it you can build it with some time, effort, and understanding. It has a steep learning curve but with a little effort you can overcome that too."
76561198029735322,Recommended,268650,22304747,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Coyote Jim,"From the Depths has been one of the most rewarding games I have ever played. It is rewarding because there is a lot of complex aspects of the game that take time to learn, but once you learn them, you kind of feel like the master of the universe. Seriously, when you build a ship that only uses 1000 blocks, and that 1000 block ship can take out a 7000 block monster ship, you will sit back and make those two ships fight over and over and you will be just as excited the 100th time you duel them as you were the first time.My most favorite thing about the game is that it is such blank canvas. You can create and design your war death machines any way you would like. The sky is the limit (well actually space is the limit, yes you can build space craft). SO many possibilities. My style is typically extremely fast small craft with only one large weapon mounted to them, think of my ships and aircraft as fast gun carriers. But that is just one of thousands of possibilities. Some people like to re-create EVE Online ships. Some folks like to build battleships that are so huge it takes them weeks to do so. I love to just download other people's designs and have a look at all the crazy things people come up with. I always come away with new cool ideas to integrate into my designs when I do this.So, the learning curve. Yep, it’s there, and it’s steep. It is not impassable though. Like other games in this genre you will have to put in a little work in order to learn it. Post questions on the forums (fantastic community there by the way), watch Youtube videos, have a look at the wiki...those kinds of things. The in-game tutorials are getting better and better, so you may not have to do quite so much homework as you did a year ago.If you are reading this, then you must at least like building games or sandbox games. If that describes you, then this is definitely the game for you."
76561198112518631,Recommended,268650,22965613,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,☠Jack The Ripper☠,It Gets Fun Once You Download Mods And Start Destroying.
76561198156759093,Recommended,268650,22630684,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,chill,"this is a very fun game it is a little hard to learn but, once you have learned how it is very easy and fun building up your ships and watching them dominate the other ships that the factions send at you to control the high seas."
,Recommended,268650,21189599,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,mrcalzon02,"Nice,I love it! i spend way too many hours playing.Pros1. Awesome custom fleet battles.2. Design each ship/plane/structure  from the water/dirt/sky up.3. Make things blow up in very cool slow mo.4. It's not done yet!Cons1. Dat learning curve.2. dem update bugs.3. It's not done yet./Early Access.Updated 4/28/2016, Still good, still getting updates, still awesomely unfinished but still good."
,Recommended,268650,22614237,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,CheeseMonkey,"I'd like to preface this review by saying that I'm a sucker for physics based builders like Space Engineers and Besiege.Most of the negative reviews for this game complain about the learning curve and the complex controls, and I can't say that they're wrong to do so, as they are a negative part of the game. But IMO they are the ONLY negative aspect of this game, and if you are willing to put in some hours into mastering it then this game is hugely rewarding and brilliant fun, mixing physics, building, resource management and strategy elements.If you don't like hard games or putting effort into wrapping your head around some more complex systems then this game isn't for you, but otherwise you HAVE to get this game.I wanted to give this game a 10/10 but big explosions = 11/10"
76561198120848998,Recommended,268650,22692500,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mrskintman,"Put in more than 100+ hours, still dont know what im doing.10/10 would get destroyed before I find enemies again."
,Recommended,268650,22636777,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,FireFan44,84 hours in.My ship is half finished.
76561198058175491,Recommended,268650,22637136,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,TheRealMasterJack,"One of my favorite games on steam, if you enjoy building things this is your game."
76561197985454173,Recommended,268650,22637215,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Tyrannus,"I've been so far spending whole nights tweaking and learning around, in the few weeks since I bought From The Depths. I already enjoy it thoroughly and haven't even played the campaign yet !The content from what I've seen of the patch history, seems to be getting closer and closer to a proper beta. Stability is flawless, performance is very acceptable (especially considering it's only exploiting a single CPU thread), and the campaign currently offers tens of hours of scalable difficulty gameplay. Hopefully, as it upgrades its engine to new Unity standards, it should be able to perform well far into the future.The tutorials that were very recently implemented help a lot smoothing the learning curve, and the recent tutorials from IreLAN Gaming (on Youtube) are spot on for beginners. Buy the game and come build stuff, you will end up as part of an awesome community ; you may even design ships that will be integrated in the various factions as is already the case !I'd recommend it to anyone enjoying creative crafting games such as Robocraft, Space Engineers,  Kerbal Space Program, etc. I find it to be an excellent arcade, with lots of room for creative and art-driven design."
76561198089586154,Recommended,268650,22637254,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Chroma Apeiron Rey,"From the depths has been one of my favorite games. With 1845 hours into it... I keep learning new things. Eventhough this game needs to be done, I can tell you Nick is doing a great job. He takes the time to answer questions and has fresh ideas. If you like a challenge, then From the Depths is the game for you. If you want to just play the game without reading or listening the tutorials, then it may not be for you. If you really want to understand the game, then check out the forums."
,Recommended,268650,22604232,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kurayami Ankoku,"This is one of the most interesting games I have ever played. I've never seen a game with RTS elements where you could build custom units to pit into the battlefield. Not only that, they only explode when ammo racked and not when they just get destroyed. Units take damage by blocks and it's not much of a hassle when it comes to replacing them. This game even contains concepts from real life tank warfare, like HEAT and armor sloping. Though this game is still in early access, it has already taken much of my time and it is quite fun. As complicated as this game could get, the mod was merciful enough to add an in-game tutorial for newbies. If you're a fan of commanding an army of vehicles of your own creation, or just want to simulate some awesome epic battles, get this game!"
76561198046693760,Recommended,268650,22456777,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dragonbanes2,*Buys game**Begins playing**Notices tutorial**Starts playing tutorial**Finishes tutorial**Notices been in tutorial for 3 hours*10/10 would definetely play a game with a 3 hour long in depth tutorialProbably make a better review after getting more hours in.
,Recommended,268650,22609120,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Happy_cow,Giant chickens and hotdogs kill my battleships who would not want this.
76561198081619166,Recommended,268650,22597749,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Poad,"This game is allows for a very diverse play style, though mostly based around an RTS field of commands. If you've ever wanted to have a military simulator that allows for hand crafted units, you should take a look at From the Depths. Even if you don't end up playing a campaign. You can still have fun learning the ways of creating formidable warships or even aircraft and ground vehicles.As a person who owns a shoddy laptop (a 32 bit windows 7 with 2.98GBs usable RAM and an Intel i5 m480@2.67ghz), I find this game runs relatively well, especially at low resolutions. Although I have problems running large craft, I still find my experience enjoyable.One thing to note about this game is it's learning curve, so if you do buy it, check out the tutorials (at the time of writing this, it's in the top left region of the main menu).And finally, before buying this game, I highly recommend watching videos of people playing this game (like Enter Elysium for example). It may allow for a better understanding of how the game works."
,Recommended,268650,20905380,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Craft3ful,good game
76561198041705029,Not Recommended,268650,20865430,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,lordzephron,"A really great premise--I love engineering games. An interesting attempt at a combination of RTS, FPS, and engineering. I've put loads of hours into it, but at this point, it's just a glitch fest. Barely anything works the way you expect it to, and you find yourself trying to figure out all of the workarounds or just trying to accept that nothing is working quite right.Pros: vision, conceptCons: Constantly crashes, does not effectively utilize computer resources, extremely glitchy."
,Recommended,268650,20894163,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,karl_gaming1456,It wasn't what I expected it to be after watching a couple of you tubers play. In the future I might consider buying it again and spend hours trying to figure out how to play. The game is EARLY ACCESS so I believe some work is still being improved.
,Recommended,268650,21112094,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"It is a very good game and easy to build ships and AI. Most of the game is good for casual gamers that don't play all the time but there are still some very complex parts that involve actual coding. Also for a game that is still in early access, it is really good.10/10"
76561198170199447,Recommended,268650,21083110,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SpaceOcelot35,"I love this game! And most other games that let you build your own vehicles and structures much like From The Depths. It really lets players express their creativity. It also uses the Steam Workshop for those that don't want and/or have the time to build their own vehicle. After playing it, it quickly became one of my favorite games. I support this game and can't wait to see even more from it! :D"
,Recommended,268650,20246170,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hugh Mungus,"If you like to build, you will like this game.  If you are just getting the game now it's even better, because you don't have to completely relearn the cannons and engines."
76561198002637706,Recommended,268650,20963908,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Phoenix_238,"Fantastic game, totally obsessed!Here we have endearing visuals (especially for a block builder), an incredibly deep and complex building engine, fast paced combat and big explosions!Highly recommend to anyone who likes games but wants something more engaging/challenging!"
,Not Recommended,268650,20839543,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Lookin' Good,"Watched dozens of How-To videos, tried countless different designs and concepts but I can't even produce anything even remotely functional. Even building a basic boat or plane is an exercise in futility. Either the learning curve is massive or I'm making some crucial errors that I haven't yet found. Either way, this game should do better to explain its mechanics to players so they don't feel so inclined to uninstall the game on day 1."
,Recommended,268650,18286420,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Chuck Norris,This  NEEDED to be made simpler and have a tutorial mission or tutorial campaign. I would be fun if I knew how to build stuff.
76561198029414300,Recommended,268650,18307269,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,James131,"This is an amzing game that demands that you spend some time learning how to play it.However it's currently very unstable with large fleets/ships. It also looks a bit like a dog's dinner.Hopefully if the devs can polish, make stable and perhaps improve campaign it will be rare good!"
,Recommended,268650,18318428,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Rightfulnoah,"From the Depths is a game where you build a submarine/plane/boat/space ship, and probably more things in the future and you try and conquer the world.Thats a general summarization.Except for the fact you can have a fleet of massive battleships that fire off 100 missiles at a time simultaneously and obliterate everything and anything."
76561198072196840,Recommended,268650,18315919,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,LupusSanguinem,Woderful game with an extremely large learning curve! I still can't make a working boat or even a dinghy and I have played for 8 hours! Amazing game though and very in-depth with intuitive conrtols.
,Recommended,268650,18243385,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Patrick Henry Sherrill,LOVED IT!
,Recommended,268650,18285412,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,El Presedente Beatus,"This game seems like a great idea, and it certainlly has a lot of promise. However, it just isn't my cup of tea. I realize its still in alpha, but I'm going to complain anywaysThe UI confuses me, and it seems like I have too many buttons (NOTE: I'm more used to space engineers when it comes to building)The constant bobbing when I'm building a ship isn't very nice, and the muiltiplayer chatbox needs to be reloacted someone other than the middile of my screenNow, I have requested a refund, but I will be keeping my eye on this game. It shows a lot of potential, and I do hope to come back to it later.TL:DRI'm a moron who can't wrap my head around this games controls and alpha release.EDIT: Decided not to refund, gave another go when rested. A lot better."
,Recommended,268650,18389759,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,plenty of life,"Having a nasty habit of playing what certain YouTubers play, I jumped on this game after watching like 50 hours worth of videos, prepping myself via video tutorials and walls of text longer than the Atlantic Wall. And still messed up in the beginning.Built my first engine that took only 2 hours until I realised I forgot the fuel tanks and the propulsion system so there's that. Then again it's my fault since I'm a broken record who doesn't know any more synonyms for 'jerry can'.This game really is a continuous cycle. You build a raft, put a huge engine on it, try to make it balanced using guns and armor then have the whole thing one shotted by a Shuriken's torpedo because you forgot your ammo was exposed and underwater when you were testing the guns. Cry over it's loss and repeat from step one.I can give this game a 9/10 as it's really in depth, but I won't completely recommend it to people who think they master every game they merely look at as it has a pretty steep learning curve and the physics in this game can actually destroy everything you have without anyone firing a shot at you. Still recommending it nonetheless for those who are willing to take the difficulty and turn it into a phallic wooden ship with a cannon in the hull."
76561198090726229,Recommended,268650,18251402,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Captainjaffa456,It's good
76561197969418502,Recommended,268650,18257110,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Kelanis,"I'ts like....a....uh...... minecraft.....boats....space.....real time strategy. Game. Thing.So far I've done nothing but make things sink, make things blow themselves up and sink, and make things sit there. And then sink.I approve."
,Recommended,268650,30547857,Posted: 16 March,all,The Onyx Rebellion,"A great game, controls are a bit confusing at first but when you learn them properly this game is fun and easy"
,Recommended,268650,18450135,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Laced Lavender,"This game is very fun! I personally enjoy quite a lot although there are some downsides. Such as when you are trying to learn how to build your first largescale ship, I hade a great amount of trouble with this, is building the ai with the proper card slots, even with tutorials, and trying to build a huge ship without planning it first. The building although , to me, is one of my favorite parts, other than pulling off a new build and having it work successfully."
,Recommended,268650,21989290,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,ffxfan,"Building  a 500mm advanced cannon is NOT that hard. But, keep in mind recoil. Having some shields and engine power is a must too. Think about medium ship for one 500mm cannon. Aim for bigger ship to have 5 to 8 500mm cannon.Mine have one 500mm cannon, is a large ship and can shoot 1 to 2 rounds a sec.Great game, specially the engine update wich make things harder and make yours ships longer and wider.The space thing is great because no AI is there for now, and most ennemy ships won't attack (hit) you from there. Be aware of missiles though.The campaign looks hard but hey, you're supposed to build a fleet to go for ennemy bases.Ennemy gets harder while the time is passing."
76561198290486402,Recommended,268650,22052020,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,GenRizza,"ive been playing for 2 weeks now, and loving it. lets get started on a good review shall we?so for starters, there are alot of different game modes. since im mostly a solo player i'll be mostly talking about singleplayer.(there is also miultiplayer) for more information, look further into the reviews.so when you first start the game, watch the bad@#$ battle that literally plays live behind the main menu (click the box at the top right for full screen battle) when you click singleplayer it will urge you to watch, read, or do-it-yourself tuturiols for a good reason. the game is extremely hard to understand, theres so many thingimigigs, gadgets to put together it might even give you a headache. (i recommend doing the tutoriols before playing)when you do the tutoriols (or skip them) you have the choice of different campagns for different factions including one ""RPG"" campaign. it will give you the story of how your character came to be.  you start on what seems like a wooden oil rig fit with all of the necessities and very light defense which cant hold out against the first attack, so upgrade ittheres 8 total factions. they are interactable, you can bribe them, ally with them, and go to war with them (all as they go to war with eachother)the vehcicle designer is basically a creative mode but for testing vehicles of your desing before saving and constructing them in your campaign.overral its a great game with a huge and sharp learning curve"
76561198078633225,Recommended,268650,22054732,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,C0mbustible Cark,Missiles. Missles Everywhere
,Recommended,268650,22442474,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,JacKethane,Really nice; takes some time to learn how to play properly though.
76561198153518838,Recommended,268650,27894993,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DesireRivalzx,"Form the depths is a game with a big learning curve, good balance between  (most) of the weapons and many different and unique factions with their own strengths and weaknesses witch all provide a different challenge.Very good indie game deserves more attention especially when a clone of this game gets all the praise just because big YouTubers played it"
,Not Recommended,268650,19320688,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,windex,2 hard
,Recommended,268650,27906903,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Da_Bartonator,"9/10PROs:Constant updates from dev.Explosions.Basically Lego; create, test, refine, retest, and then conqour the world with your own designs.CONs:Constant updates usally breaks something making something that was powerful not or adding in new more powerful components."
,Recommended,268650,27901516,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Todd_Howard.exe,Just started but seems really fun
,Recommended,268650,27977290,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TastyTankRound,"This game is addictive for people that like to work with interacting systems. This engine design could put out more power, could be more fuel efficient, if I redesign this gun I can save space while taking a marginal hit to efficiency, if I change the hull I can take more hits while preserving bouyancy, etc.Do beware that it'll take a few hours spent on each unique element to fully understand what makes it work and what doesn't. Start relatively small (20-30m) and you'll be building floating cities and nuking baddies from the penthouse on your latest spacestation in no-time."
,Recommended,268650,27964025,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Professional D1SC0nnector,"A very cool and addictive game, maybe a little complex at the start, but with interactive and fun tutorials which stole me countless hours.I regret nothing"
76561198289410967,Recommended,268650,27964252,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,007,Has a huge learning curve but after that it is so fun if you are having trouble watch lathland
76561198185432179,Recommended,268650,27958974,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Girl pep,gr8
,Recommended,268650,27711294,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gertie Fremont,Boat Simulator 2014
,Recommended,268650,27710684,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Poophrey,Get it
,Recommended,268650,27705050,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FurEter,"Extremely fun and time consuming.  This game is constantly being updated and bug fixed, with a large emphasis on community feed back. There is a lot to do, from designing weaponry systems, to flight controls."
,Recommended,268650,27714134,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CORO,"From The Depths is probably my favorite game of all time. The learning curve is quite steep, especially with the consideration that it never really ends, due to the game's alpha status. Ive been playing steadily since 4 days after the release on steam, and i feel comfortable saying that if you are looking for an extremely deep and customizable experience, and enjoy building games like space engineersand kerbal space program, as well as strategy games like Wargame, then you will likely have a good time with From The Depths."
76561197998371661,Recommended,268650,18869786,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Citizen Joe,"Solid game, even for an alpha in heavy development mode."
,Recommended,268650,18852361,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,skylordcreeperx,"this is a great game i would reccomend it to all who love strategy and sandbox, to the would-be counquorers and those who just want to see missisles blot out the sun"
76561198116673749,Recommended,268650,18802169,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,TanksAlot05,i love it!
76561198111745187,Recommended,268650,18824853,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,FarmersOnly.com,I only have a day of playing time for this game but this game is still probably one of the most fun games I have ever played. I just wish that this game can get fixed soon because the last update has some bugs in it unfortunately. Now whenever I try to build anything eventually the game wont let me place down anything except a basic block of wood no matter what block I have chosen to build with. However I do still enjoy this game very much becaue its a good game to get creative with your ship building. I just really hope that these bugs can be taken care of soon :D
76561198076420195,Recommended,268650,18771839,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Draginea,"I am cautious about commenting on the current state of the game as most systems are placeholder, but i will say that the game is extremely fun for people who like building games like KSP, etc. The dev is extremely dedicated, so much so that the community has nicknamed him Nick ""Gau-8"" Smart for the frequency with which he pushes out updates. This is an early alpha, so there will be many broken unbalanced systems, but even in its current state it is enjoyable, and with the frequent updates this looks to be a very promising alpha."
,Recommended,268650,18791475,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Knaroef,"Be warned, this game has an incredibly steep learning curve, more even than KSP. But that said, once you learn the basics, it is one of the best combat-building games there is. There is an incredible amount of custumization in weapons, defence, and whatever else you could possibly want."
,Recommended,268650,22622383,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ClerkOfDerp,"I've had a fantastic time playing this game ever since I bought it, and the continued updates just make it better and better. I've built everything from a ship of the line to a lightweight drone armed with missiles, to heavy tanks armed with particle cannons and railguns. There is a huge amount of depth to this game, all sorts of systems such as fuel and steam engines, advanced and CRAM cannons, sails and paddlewheels, and even AIs are modular and built from a very wide selection of blocks that perform various functions. As with any game with this much depth, it takes a considerable amount of time to learn, but the learning curve has gotten less steep because of all the tutorials not only in game, but on youtube."
76561198174047045,Recommended,268650,23841015,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,THE DOGE MASTER MLG,not a lot of lag
76561198054743341,Recommended,268650,27534519,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thanatos,"Fun to play alone or with friends, plenty of freedom and relatively consistent updates."
76561198181871631,Recommended,268650,27139588,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sidingman1234,This game is great i have a laptop(its crappy) and i can run big ships like the Bizmark
76561198076387509,Recommended,268650,27116104,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,element2323,140 or so hours in and I still haven't made a truly succesful ship. This game has one of the steepest learning curves I've ever seen and is the most complicated builder I've ever played. Everything is customizable and buildable with regular updates being added constantly. The most complicated game I've ever played but I highly recommend it to anyone interested in it.
76561198038518429,Recommended,268650,30935868,Posted: 3 April,all,SnowDragon,I liked playing this game but it takes up waaaay to much time.
,Recommended,268650,27276903,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mud,Great game if you have the time to learn the mechanics
76561198022728635,Recommended,268650,27112991,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kamosis,"Spent an afternoon building the most advanced battleship I could, spawn it into the campaing and discover that I don't know how to use the lasers, end up using the battleship to ram everything in my path.10/10 would ram again"
,Recommended,268650,27257693,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kuroyasha,"Simply put, the hugest amount of quality content within a single game, I have ever seen. And it is still getting updated on a weekly base. It is probably the best sandbox game out there.If you are still hesitating tough, look it up on the interwebs. The promotional videos on the Steam page are a bit outdated."
76561198011325933,Recommended,268650,27257848,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Snipester,"This is truly one of Steam's hidden gems.Imagine virtual Legos where the things you make come to life and blow stuff up with an end goal of conquering the world. Yeah, it's awesome."
,Recommended,268650,27339315,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scurtus,If you wanted to conquer the steepest of the steep learning curves than this is the game for you.If you want to blow stuff up. This is the game for you.If you want a subtle backstory in your game. It sorta gets there.If you want to lose you're hearing. Buy the minigun and turn the sound up to 100XD the neighbors will hear it if your speakers dont blow out XD.
76561198154604694,Recommended,268650,27335608,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bobwobbob,"In summary this game is. Ok i just need to add only one more block. Wait what if I... Then you procede to spend seven more hours adding ""only one more block"""
,Recommended,268650,27303952,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"(-,..,-)(*,..,*)(^,..,^)($,..,$)",I went onto the game one day and found a large hamster wheel with a gun on it swimming around firing at my base and remembered it was April 1st.
76561198141948560,Recommended,268650,27322161,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Paragon,"""From the Depths"" is a war sandbox, voxel-based builder.  It has a couple different campaigns that come with the game, but you'll mostly spend your time on Neter.  Here, you must build ships, planes, helicopters, tanks, fortresses, zeppelins, spaceships, and whatever you might need in order to conquer the eight factions that lie between you and all of Neter.Except it's not that simple.  Because the vessels you'll face aren't just some rummaged-together rafts with peashooters (althought some of the Deepwater Guard might actually apply to that statement).  They're great big battleships with thundering cannons.  They're planes that zip across the sky at super-sonic speeds.  They're airships that block out the sun.  They're satelites that can call down a hail of missiles from orbit.  They're thrustercrafts with more lasers than the local nightclub.  The learning curve is staggering, and the beginner will come into a new game with whatever they've managed to piece together to face the pirates, merchants, zealots, scientists, AIs, admirals, and aliens that are aimed against them.  And they'll probably lose.  But that's the fun part.  You lose, and you learn.  You build a better ship.  You win.  And then you lose to something even more powerful.  And then you build an even better ship.  And the cycle continues.  And you let it continue because it's oddly fun to tune your crafts, to make them balance in the water, or soar in the sky.  To make them bombard an enemy from afar from behind numerous shields and meters of armor plating, or ram them at high speeds with all the drills you can carry.It helps to have some free time, as you'll likely spend hours just working on a single craft, testing it in the vehicle designer before you actually bring it out in the campaign.  Heck, you might not even get into the campaign, and instead just keep building and building until you have crafted your own faction to rival all that might appose you.And you'll never stop.  The devs are active, updating the game on a regular basis, and there's a beta branch with even more frequent, if slightly more unstable, updates.  And the community is active, with a Workshop where people post modifications to the game, new vessels that they've built, or even new campaigns they've composed.  All new challenges to overcome.That's what From the Depths is about.  Building, learning, improving.  And it's why it might just be my favorite game."
76561198042908503,Recommended,268650,27325014,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bxpic,one of the best games i have ever played
,Recommended,268650,27326918,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BoCmo,"It is a game for people who don't mind learning new things, who can invest a lot of time into a single gameThis game has some of the most revolutionaizing game elements I have ever seen, the building elements and customization is asstonishing.The only thing this game suffers is that is a bit porly optimisedIf u are the type of person who has little patience i would not recommend this gameMY RATING 9/10"
,Recommended,268650,27291356,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Preston Garvey,"The complexity in this game is unlike anything I have played before. I have over 200 hours and I haven't even fully built a ship yet, I keep building better and better systems (guns, engines, etc) and I haven't become bored. The feeling of constantly getting better is extremely rewarding and using your new creations to demolish enemies is very fulfilling."
76561198008805779,Recommended,268650,27289267,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ralphgod,spend a week on youtube learning how to build a ship.spend 20 minutes in the campaign before being blown up in sed ship10/10 would get blown up again.on a more serious note this game used to have no tutorials when i started playing which ment the learning curve was insane. now however it does have tutorials but the learning curve is still very steep.If you enjoy complicated building games where you get further by thinking 5 minutes about what you're doing instead of just putting a bigger gun on you will enjoy this.
76561198170849310,Recommended,268650,27352842,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KneeMoth,Basicly the best physics builder on the market.
76561198101618270,Recommended,268650,27381187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mono-oxygen,"From the Depths; a terrific game if you have the spare time and are willing to tackle its steep learning curve, for example i took 8 hours to figure out how to make just a basic ship and another 80 to make a decent ship. the basis of the game is to design vehicles for naval, aerial and now land combat. there are scenarios and a sandbox to mess around with parts and ship designs until you figure out one that works. the main meat of the game comes in the form of the campaign modes, where you build up your forces and defeat rival factions.a great game if your pc and your patience can handle it."
,Recommended,268650,19319236,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,kyleblauert,"An amazing game, needs some more love however. I feel like it has excellent potential."
,Recommended,268650,19339289,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Cpt_Seagull,"So I'm going to be honest about this review. Sure I recommend this game - but only to those who are willing to put time into researching the basics of the game or are willing to try, fail, try fail, try, fail and eventually succeed. I can't really say mutch about the learning curve of the game, as I had watched 5+ hours of footage bofore even looking at the game's store page. From what I've read of the negative reviews of this game the overwhelming majority of people have less than 10 hours in-game and they complain about the lack of a tutorial (there is one, if you look). And the clunky UI and controls. Sure, if you don't like the UI, that's your choice - but those who are used to the UI will most likely agree with me when I say it's quite informative. As for the controls - yes they can be a little offputting at times, and currently not rebindable (I'm sure this will be added at a later date) but like the rest of the game - you get used to them. Oh, there is a mouse building mode (much like minecraft or space engineers) and that may fix your problems.Now, onto why I think this game is great:+The game has surprising amounts of depth (pun intended)+Encourages creativity in designs+Very expansive campaign mode+Useful building tools+Whilst only haveing a few types of basic block, there is a very wide variety of types of said base materials+Nothing is indestructableNow, some of the negatives:-People may not like the learning curve-The game recently became much more complex with the advanced cannons-Non-rebindable controls (will remove when added)"
76561198067231643,Recommended,268650,20789062,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,asap1,"By this posting, I have played the game for about 83 hours. I have only just started using my designs in campaign without quitting 10 minutes in."
76561198065759827,Recommended,268650,20941644,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,golem62483,I love this game.  Had it for a month and a half and I am at 140 hours.  No I am not enjoying it at all.  It has a steep learning curve but with YouTube and playing in the Vehicle Designed (think Minecraft creative mode) you can pick up on the game and make some very fun vehicles of war.
,Recommended,268650,21291801,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ajdriftcrazy,it is a great game but the starting enemies are a bit to hard for a lot of players like the sea adder as the first enemies. It is a shame that the guns that your person has are gone so it is a lot harder to chapture ships or survive the first waves of enemies
76561198042808265,Recommended,268650,21286569,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Kizma Ash,"This game has what is probably one of the largest learning curves of any game on steam, and with constant updates, even the veterans have to learn new things every month or so. That being said, once you finally get used to everything, it's combination of building and RTS is incredibly satisfying and highly rewarding. The only major drawback is that the framerate can really drop if you have too many things on screen at once."
,Recommended,268650,20854674,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Renegade Angel,I like to role play as the Al Qaeda.
,Recommended,268650,20875448,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Boris Crevchenko,for me this game is fun to watch but not that fun to actually play but still its fun when you spawn some stuff in
76561198058801132,Recommended,268650,20882047,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Lord Tyrone,"Minus the 160-degree learning curve, it's pretty good. You'll need to search up about 9 hours worth of tutorials to get a basic engine to work, however, as the new in-game tutorials just show you how to make the engines/sails/etc. instead of showing you how to connect them to anything. 8/10, original tutorials were much better, there was no need to remove them."
,Recommended,268650,20882661,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,JPEG,"This game is good if you are a engineering enthusiast, I get the concept of this game it is really good.Too make this game more playable for me , you will have to change the controls , they are too dificult to build with.10/10- style / concept9.5- music fits with senerios well.        7.5- controls , could be better."
,Recommended,268650,20127033,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bicky,"Wow. Just wow.This game is proof that there is a better side of Early Access. However be aware, performance problems with this game are common. Even the most powerful system will struggle to run it at it's full settings.That being said..Positives:Building is fairly simple for the most partThe game explainsNEARLYeverything to you. Trust me, you'll need it for the first 6 or so hours.Depth, depth, and more depth. This is a complex game, and that's exactly what you want with it. It lets you do so much.Simple building* - There is a Minecraft-like mode but the keyboard controls are fantastic. Rapid building w/o much effort.Sandbox. Do whatever you want.Editor.     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^AI. A game this complex has to have a powerful AI system to go with it and it delivers.Combat Satisfying for the most part. Damage is incredibly apparent and everything other than terrain can be destroyed.This is aCHALLENGINGgame. Do not let it fool you. The factions can be brutal. [See negatives however]Customizeability allows you do make pretty much anything you wantDev team is active. They regularly listen to the community and have been for around 2 years now.Fun. Fun fun and more fun. It's hard to stop enjoying this game.Designs. The guys who designed the ships did a fantastic job. Every ship is completely different from the next, and theres A LOOOOOOT of vehicles in the gameNegatives:Performance is pretty bad. Last time I checked pretty sure it only supported 1 core. One of the games where CPU is more important than GPU currently. Yah...Horrible engine slow down effect. If you've ever played Supreme Commander you know how bad this can be.Detail options are nonexistant. It's the standard Fastest to Fantastic detail settings and it resets every time you play. There are options like bullet trails and particle effect sliders that can help but it doesn't change too much.Overwhelmingly brutal difficulty sometimes, especially with the new advanced cannon updateUnbalanced weapons. Lasers ruin the game. Period. They're boring, they obliterate anything from any range in a few seconds with just 1 beam, let alone multiple ones. Regardless of that, they have terrible visual feedback when they fire. This is my second biggest complaint with this game and can be a complete dealbreaker. Advanced cannons and railguns have so many broken points about them as well but it's nowhere near as bad as lasers.Scarlet Dawn and Lightning Hoods. They nearly exclusively use lasers and they use A LOT of them. Very very big ones. They are undoubtedly the worst factions. Cool designs, but man. Not the slightest bit fun to fight.Lasers lasers lasers I can't stress this enough. The defenses against them completely destroy the aesthetics of your ship in a game where aesthetics and player creativity are the most important thing.This is a time sink. If you don't have much time in your day to play a game, don't even bother with this one unless it's all you want.Learning is a pain for the first 6 or 7 hours. Controls feel clunky at first and the complexity can be a hurdle to get over.Player can be tempted to build sattelites or literal space ships. I don't recommend this as Scarlet Dawn are the only faction that use this and can counter it well. Again, this is mostly due to lasers being the only viable thing in space.The UI is horrible for a new player.Though there are many many ships in the game, you probably wont see a quarter of them due to how early game they are.Needs more worlds honestly. Have the same settings as Neter but with the factions moved around specifically to stop the problem mentioned above.I honestly can't think of anything else.All in all, I'm 38 hours in after playing for a week and I'd say it's definitely worth it.However, lasers in this are like Artillery in World of Tanks. They just don't belong in the game. They purely take away from gameplay and enjoyment. I'm hoping they are flatout removed rather than just nerfing or changing.I'm pretty sure performance omtimization is one of the later steps of a game's development and this is still adding quite a bit.Performance improvements would fix a lot. One core support is horrid."
,Recommended,268650,21267131,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Artificial Insanity,"I love this game.  Steep learning curve at times, but every time you learn a new design technique you'll be overjoyed at how newly effective your ships are.  I'm not sure if Steam records hours if you open it with Steam unopened, so I might easily have far more hours than it appears, and my reasoning behind this is that I play it just about every day.  Must have for anyone who likes building awesome war machines!"
,Recommended,268650,21239923,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Kale Shekel,"Fairly complex sandbox ship building game, I can see it becoming a fantastic game one day."
,Recommended,268650,26740774,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Kermin,"Why have I not heard about this game earlier?  It's fantastic!  I love strategy and design games most, and this is freaking unbelievable.  It has held my attention for longer than any other game besides KSP at this point."
,Recommended,268650,26837574,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Star★,"|Opinion|To be honest, i play alot of games that are based on ""open world"". Now this one took it a bit further.With advanced Ai and a vast world to explore using nothing more than what you already know and learn on the way.You will find yourself building for hours just to make that one perfect fighter plane or maybe the ultimate submarine balloon combo.After all, in games like these, of wich there are only so many, you are the one that sets the limits.|Experiences|As you might have seen in my probably poor attempt to review a game i like it. its a game all about you and your little fort and boat, setting of into the dawn. You find your first enemy, maybe you get rekt like a noob, or you have replayed it enough times to handle it with ease.You then take the resources from what you destroy and harvest and build your own army of whatever you see fit!Be it Submarines in the shape of walrusses or Flying luxury cruiser.  After all, you decide.As you progress you make enemies, and after some more progress those enemies are no more.For those who can't understand a storm of a common mans word i will now say this:Build; Fail; Build again; succeed; fail again; build a third time; Conquer the world"
76561198240415716,Recommended,268650,27863740,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Thy Muffin Lord,Spent 113 hours and still loving it. Not for the weak of mind or sprit though.
76561198037698863,Recommended,268650,27599835,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lilly Satou,"this game has proven to me to be something greater then i tought it was. i love how you can build your own ships,planes,spacecraft,subs you name it you build it."
76561198125560053,Recommended,268650,27631497,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Building 10,"300 hours to make a campaign worthy craft (which turned out to be WAY over built...). 800 hours and I still can't get a plane to fly in a straight line. But Holy Flotilla Batman! I've been playing this game for 800 hours?!4/5, could use some polish. Would totally recommend if you are a Naval and/or Aerospace engineer. Or have large amounts of free time and patience. Active Devs and Helpful Community."
,Recommended,268650,27652133,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Conner,"Steep learning curve, but it is an amazing experience, really fun with great tought and mechanics. The campaign is quite good and the mods only keep getting better. The devellopper is awesome and the game's forum is full of helpfull and nice people."
76561198087964414,Recommended,268650,27668142,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dolphinowl245,"I bought this game on a gamble, so I could play it with my friends, but I was a little skeptical. I turned out to be very wrong. This is one hidden gem on the steam store. It's like playing with those lego boats, the firefighter boat thingys,  but but giant cannons and missiles that go boom and make other ships go boom. It's a wonderful game and there are a couple of mods that really make it amazing.Pros:-Really good battles, fun to watch.-great AI and strategy system-BUILDING SYSTEM IS AMAZING (just takes time to learn)-pretty good story.(At least it has some background and stuff)Cons:-can be laggy and sometimes glitchy-crashes when building something or in a big battle (sometimes)-Early Access-A little too complex"
,Recommended,268650,27701383,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Your old pal Rappy,"Quite honestly may be my favorite game, Ive played it for hundreds of hours and there is not much that stops me at it. Could use some more story though."
,Recommended,268650,27844309,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alimer,A game in my dreams! This game got RTS and Sandbox and realistic but still fun i can do thinks(Vehicles) if i want its still early access and got some bugs but still its pretty fun.
76561198132896774,Recommended,268650,27872225,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Da Boom129,realy good game that is consistently updated a joy to play and test you buildign skills against others and the ai in the story. it is a little hard to pick up at first but using all the tutorials will get you on the right track just exsperiment from thier and it will be the most fun you will have.
76561198128937620,Recommended,268650,27776585,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,001NamDrazil,"Fun game, takes a while to learn what you are doing, but once you learn it is a ton of fun."
76561198029681486,Recommended,268650,27769521,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shadowbane,"Have had nothing but fun so far, can take some time to get used to however"
76561198043436253,Recommended,268650,27885729,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,raptorr118,"This game provides hours and hours of near limitless possabilities for creating all different types of vessels and vehicles for combat or support roles. Then when you are done making designs to rule the world with, you get thrown into an RTS using your own ships. Love this game so very much. Not to mention it only gets better and better with each update."
,Recommended,268650,20709796,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Come & eat at; Thanh resturang!,"Really lovley! especially for tryhard space-engineer players with beasty computers!This game is pretty much a mix of Space engineers and Total war. You can build your own vehicle (Helicopter, Boat, plane etc.) and make them fight other vehicle.In campaign mode you can go capture rescourse zones that allows you to get material to build mighy ships and go capture more recources. You also get to fight against other factions.This is a really fun mix of  stratergy, Vehicle construction and insane sea-battles(Good computer required)"
,Recommended,268650,28086937,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FURRYHUSKY1000,"(Review updated as of 11/30/2016)(PC updated to match maximum requirements and not run like a potato)This is Indeed, a nice game,you can build pretty much any thing on your mind, small or big.Another thing that I like is it's complexity.Too bad they removed the old 5 resource system and merged it to one single resource called ""Materials""."
,Recommended,268650,18011203,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,GroomLake,"Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but, i think little hard."
76561198128119081,Recommended,268650,28124200,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,JesseSFM,This game is good and if you have a good PC. You can really enjoy the battles!
91291156181143519,Recommended,268650,28121654,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SteelDoubloon20,"VEry Very good game I definately recommend it, very realistic as well"
76561198082071151,Recommended,268650,28112448,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[GDE] charlesryan9,This is one of my favorite games i have ever played !
76561198037580833,Recommended,268650,28113065,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,pupjada,"When I first bought this game a year or two ago I was very upset. It looked so amazing, but I didn't understand any of it. I tried to get a refund, but had already put to much time into it to get it.I am so glad that I couldn't get the refund!While it is true that this game has a pretty sharp learning curve. It has come a long ways from where it was a year or two ago.There are better turorials now which really helps.I would highly recomend this game. Just know that your are not going to understand everything right away, but also understand that that is where some element of the fun comes from.You will countinue to learn new things as you play.When you finally make a craft that works it is an awesome feeling. THen you constantly will be looking for new ideas on how to improve it.Seriously give this game a try. It is a game with so much depth and content."
76561198102142080,Recommended,268650,24716620,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Dog sleeping on a cucumber,My ship sunk itself when it tried to shoot and enemy boat that was already sinking. GG no re
76561198069212133,Recommended,268650,24753444,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,The Wolf,Oh the complication but the satisfaction of figuring somthing out is amazing
,Recommended,268650,25222529,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ProGun,Omg where has this game been all my life. This is excatly what I wanted Space engineers to be able to do. the game is Bleeping Amazing...
76561198249807062,Recommended,268650,25197409,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,wyatt.osterling,"I would like to start out that,if you have a decent computer that this game truly runs fine. I get 80 foster with a $600 laptop on battery saver mode. The only negative is you have to close FTD before putting your computer to sleep. (Weird things will happen if you don't) My only recommendation is to not get frustrated and do the tutial."
76561198153170117,Recommended,268650,24845107,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TheFutureGamer,"thers no limits thers just no limits in opsione and what you can ever make in the game with tis creativaty its just amazing.you can just desine your own craft its own weapons, its own engine, its own AI. EVRYTHING OF ITS OWN.the amout of  stuff you can create is countless. evry single person thet ever plays this game can creat somthing thet no one have ever thot befor.the game is mabey very complax and hard to undorstand but whn you get the conceps it peys off!!you can just make amazing crafts and battel them in the campineg wich is made very nicely.you dont just desine your crafts you chalange yourself with the capine mode wich will allow you to see how good it is.even the dificelty setting its more the just the old know as EASY MEDIOM HARD EXTREAM you can set it up to be just fit your play stile this game is so complax and i love it.now the disapointing parts are thet the game is an althu for a very long time. and what i dont like is thet when you have made your craft it dosent take much time untill som update comes thet will outdate it and make it useless. and im realy mad at the new rader update thet came out not long ago thet got rid of all the know resources and replaced them for just one simpoll metiriall wich i finde the cots with it very imbalanch.but the game is amazing and no one will never finde one as uniqe as this one and im sure thet as time pess by this game will grow to better"
76561197968845711,Recommended,268650,25193382,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Spacer,"Hello,i really recommend this game, since for me its the first of its kind that let's me be build something that i can actually put to good use. Its nice to build a spaceship in Space Engineers, its interessting to create a huge structure in minecraft. But to see your creation battle and fight the way you designed it to, really brings joy to me. Destroying other ships or getting destroyed yourself block by block is a really cool experience. You can spectacte vehicles abilities (shooting, shields, enginepower..) to drop out one after another if the corresponding regions/connections were destroyed.Building a vehicle requires you to think of the different aspects you want for it. Material for the hull, shape, what weapons to use and where, countermeasures, different propulsionsystems, detection, defense, buoyancy ... ... if something doesnt work the first time its naerly always fixable with more tweaking. Havent encountered a considerable bug yet.The mechanics in this game ""make sense"" and are logically implemented. I feel like the programmers are really competent and know what they do. The updates so far only added more stuff to wrap your head around and have fun with.Since its still in early access i dont really have many complaints. The multiplayer part could use a bit more love but is functional so far."
76561198090406479,Recommended,268650,25104326,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Papa Pootis,"A Very fun game, The Begging of learning the game is a Bit Difficult, and i still struggle at this game, but once you uderstand how building a basic ship, or Craft, works, and how to build a basic gun for your newly made ship, its extrememly fun to Build something massive, spawn a bunch of enemys, and see how well it does, if it does very bad, Dont give up! theres much more things you can change to Get it gooing again and Finally Kill those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that took you down, If you like Naval Warfare, building Extremely Unique Ships to fight against Other factions, then buy this Game, Because you wont Regret it!"
76561198142811894,Recommended,268650,25102423,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,crazywright83,I havent slept in days now! THIS GAME IS GOOD!
76561198154236578,Recommended,268650,25057921,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,hddj153,"From what I have seen in the game (for me) it took a while for to understand things in the game but when I did get what was going on, the challenge of building something and not knowing if it was going to work vanished, if you are into game  where it is freely building (you build everything in the way you want it), using materials to build what ever you want. I recommend this game for you.It may seem tough to start, but with time, patience, and practice you can build some truly amazing things, (honestly when I first saw this game I wasn't in to it, but now I am and I'm still finding out ways to build things)"
76561198032644538,Recommended,268650,25083466,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,WaterWolf11,Why are you reading this you could be spending more time in FTD.Pros:Lots of intrersting factions and ships.lots and lots of customization.Other stuff that im too lazy to say.Cons:Can be very hard for people just starting outmakes me super angry. Why? Because i can never make a ship that looks good enough for my standards.
76561198194379289,Recommended,268650,24891566,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,minibmw j,ive been playing a while and got the the problem of the fact that when you have a lot of loaders for advance cannons theres a thing that slows your fire rate and it says that its to complex so i was thinking the advance cannons are advance so please take it off so i can do 6 barrel cannons
,Recommended,268650,25033856,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,James,"You can build from crazy and amazing♥♥♥♥♥♥on this, and the game has so much flexibility when it comes to building, only problem with that is there is a steep learning curve, especially when building more complex machines"
76561197971903663,Recommended,268650,25027289,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,drinsano,"From the Depths is very much a ""Work in Progress"" title in Steam's early access.  By this I mean that the game is currently playable, but unrefined.  The developers are releasing a fairly regular stream of updates and bugfixes, and many of the nuances of the game are in flux.  The learning curve of this game is exponential, though the in game resources for new players are improving.All of that said, From the Depths represents a fantastic concept in gaming.  The core concept of an RTS in which units are designed by users is pushed to its logical extreme in FtD, and I have great confidence in the dedication and competence of the developers to see the project through.So, long story short:  If you like painstakingly building things, and you like RTS games:  Buy this game.  It's not for the faint of heart, but the game's best appeal may be to players who believe that part of the fun of a game is in learning to play it."
,Recommended,268650,25062356,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,EliteBirch17,Maybe the best game that no one i know plays. Once you figure it out its endless fun
,Recommended,268650,25065353,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,╲⎝⧹╲⎝⧹ketcham1009⧸⎠╱⧸⎠╱,"Woah, they added workshop support‽ This game was already good, but this makes it even better!"
,Recommended,268650,25111903,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,fadejman,great game i wish i knew how to play it tho lol i kill by a scout ship :P
76561198180601839,Recommended,268650,25163000,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Petcher_HD,ITS AMAZING (but hard to lern)
76561198066310865,Recommended,268650,24796432,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,M0SKAU,"Amazing,you can build your own battleship,helicopter,jet,submarine by you own design,the physics from this game is great,AI are smart,theres mass of weight,Buoyance,drag,aerodynamic and hydrodynamic working on this game be carefull while building a constructionthe only thing some people will dislike is,this game is complex for players never played ""sandbox game"" before,the tutorial from this game is interactive helps to learn quick but still missing some important parts,"
76561198040501233,Recommended,268650,25006257,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,billmodglin,Yeah the game was great...But this tupid radar system made all my designs obsolete! serriously its unecesary and just plain dumb what was added now. its too cumbersome! all my ships and pretty much all my defencive options are ruined! please for the love opf god fix this i really really likle this game
76561198028138286,Recommended,268650,25152258,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Deadfeet3 🛢,"I recommend this to those willing to learn. It can be rather complex at first and requires several hours of building and testing to learn the basics. HOWEVER, once you put in the time and effort to learn the mechanics this is an uncomparable navy building game. You can design every aspect of your ship, improving and upgrading as you destroy your opponents and take over bases. You add AI ships and watch as your cannons split apart the ships piece by piece."
76561198049324138,Recommended,268650,13518168,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,StrawWagen,This was really easy to learn for me No idea why BUT It's amazing 11/10
,Recommended,268650,13566598,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nerd,Amazing....
,Recommended,268650,13536905,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PunchclockHorrors,"Lets put the ammo storage right next to vital components, nothing will go wrong, nothing at all."
76561198103075418,Recommended,268650,14378110,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Exile,"Think of games like: Minecraft, Space engineers and StarMade add them up and you get From the Depths.I will try and keep this review short.I can recommend this game for people who likes the games I said about at the start. You create Boats, Submairnes, Planes, Heilcopters, Castles and Forts, Space Ships and anything that you can think of.The way it looks is like BorderLands/MinecraftThe game has a few modes: Single Player story mode, Muiltplayer, and vehicle desginer.Vehicle desginer is my fav part of the game, you load up in the open world and make your transport or Fort. You need to think about a lot of things while making your 'thing'Water placement, air drag and water drag. Making it off balance, making the angle of the armour right to make the shells bounce off.All in all the physics are 10/10When you are happy with the thing you made now time to test it out in combat. Battles can last from only a few seconds ending with a well placed shot into there ammo or fuel bay ripping the ship in half and watching it sink into the sea. Or they can go on into the hours with two or more well designed ships going at it.Moments like that are enjoyable.In the vehicle Designer you can spawn in a number of diffrent enemeys with many factions, having a huge battle with boats, planes and heilcopters.Im happy with the money I spent on the game, and am very much looking forward to what the game turns into in the future.8.5/10"
,Recommended,268650,14450104,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Giuseppe,OMG... this game is the best!
,Recommended,268650,14451725,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,povlop1,"This game is one of the best openworld, creativeity based games i have ever played. I love it so much .10/10"
76561198204076583,Recommended,268650,20691788,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Psychomantis,i like it
,Recommended,268650,17412512,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Fatal Potatoe,"It is so beautiful the way you can cusomise ships, planes ect... It has got a sharp learning curve but when you actuly learn it, it is fun... That's all I can say...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...also if you have troubles I would recomend you check out people like Lathland on youtube since one of the best ways of learning it is by watching.10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again...10/10 SHIP MURDERING SIM!! would murder again..."
76561198064831635,Recommended,268650,20679988,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Alphonse,"Very steep learning curve, but once you've figured it out, you're hooked.Took me about 8 hours of looking stuff up and watching youtube videos of how to build things or how stuff worked, but now i'm to the point that I can build something that can take down practically everything else (with minor problems on the bigger guys).So far, best gun i''ve made was a 500mm cannon with a 60m barrel, 8m long shells and took close to a full minute to reload, but the power of this gun... all my other guns peppered the on coming targets and the missiles took a good chunk out, but this gun one shots everything with their crumpling mass falling to either side of the massive hole going through their middle."
76561198056465791,Not Recommended,268650,17626528,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Patricia pvpro.com,"If you like ship buiding minecraft style this is a game for you. if you dont like it it still might be good for you. if you like glitches and stuff wich make it that you are unable to build, fire missiles, shoot cannons, quit the game, use ai, sail, or fly this is a game for u. and this game is a waste of 20 euros imo."
,Recommended,268650,21147197,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Crazyomega29,Love it what a game spend hours building ddesigning and then forgetting that you had stuff to do five stars epic
,Recommended,268650,21151942,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Myscion,Very detialed and complex ship building with nice custom missles and cannons you can make. Takes a lot of time but it really rewarding.
76561198051970602,Recommended,268650,21373071,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,KingMe - LunaPetra,"OK, so as proof of the steep learning curve in this game, I have made 3 working ships and one plane that was pretty decent (as of now). As of writing this, I have 200 hours in the game. I definitely would recommend this to anyone who has the creative mind and patience to build their own fleets. Now, with that out of the way, the game is still in development, with major patches coming and sometimes replacing or ruining your designs."
76561198089742787,Recommended,268650,21343271,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,actualsize123,build a spaceship!
76561198205106073,Recommended,268650,21328249,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ShigureChan - Hentai -,"This game is so fun to play. I'm normally a creative guy that can build really well. But have been playing shooter games all day. You can make really big ships, And take them to battle in the campaign and designer. The building system is really good as well. The number of things you can do in From the Depths is almost infinite. Just as long as you can run a big ship.The game has a reputation of lagging alot if you have giant ships in battle. And the game is still not optimized. The Dev is constantly bringing out updates to the game. But the more updates the higher the learning curve for new players.It takes a while to get used to the game. I spent a good 5 hours in the designer trying to figure out what each part does.Luckily i started out when the game didn't have Advanced Cannons or the new engine design and CRAM Cannons.You used to be able to make engines with 50million power. You can barely make 100k now :(.Many of the weapons can be customized to determine their use. You can make anti-air cannons, Anti-Air missles, Torpedoes, Anti-ship missles, Anti-ship Cannons and bombs. You can customize how powerful each can be by their Shell size and what the shell has. It can be HE and Solid warhead or 2 HE warheads in the shell. That's why I love this game :)Anyway. Really fun game. I recommend this game to people that like building things and see them get DESTROYED! :)(Or see it destroy something else . . Or both . . If that's what you like >:))"
,Recommended,268650,21383962,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Man_Like_Reek,After playing this game for 60 hours i can say that this game is the most addictive enjoyable sandbox game i have played in a long time. To begin with i was weary about buying it but i'm glad i did. Yeah it may get annoying when your ship keeps capsizing but since playing this my iq has gone up 90 points
,Recommended,268650,21443300,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,nutella,This game seemed a little overwhelming at first but I definitly reccomend it. You can catch on pretty quick and its a lot of fun.I still havent delved into building ships yet but I'm at the point where I can select a prebuilt ship from one of the factions and upgrade it.
76561198075993539,Recommended,268650,21423073,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ycarire,3 Steps to make your life better:-Add to cart-Download-Play
76561198137626636,Recommended,268650,21418341,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dixie Normous,"If you don't mind a learning curve this is the game for you. It might be hard even though you know what everything does,but it is adopting a lot of real world factors in terms of motion,bouyancy,and physics in general   so maybe base your design on a real world ship,jet,base.I can't wait for wheels to be implemented!PS.practice your ideas and improve upon old ones and you'll be pretty darn good at the gameThis review has no sense of order whatsoever"
76561198156734405,Recommended,268650,30714767,Posted: 24 March,all,Kojoke,AMAZING!
,Recommended,268650,21614594,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mythril Bones,"Very, VERY addictive game. It's fun to build your own crafts and customize their AIs/weapons however you want, fighting enemy crafts never gets old, and it's reasonably hard. Definitely try this game."
,Recommended,268650,21615307,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Neb,Primeraly sea based like game like space engineers but with alot more depth with a bit of KSP.
,Recommended,268650,30681725,Posted: 23 March,all,Blue_Dragon101 [Digital-Riot],"I really love this hard to learn. Near impossible to master yet still incredibly fun, the game is optimised enough to work on my 260 pound laptop and has good physics, the NAI (Narrow Artificial Intelligence) is good and built in a modular way as to give an advantage to those who build interior. It has some of the clever established sandbox tools I wish starmade had for instance the shrink cubes and fill options. The game allows you to select graphics on startup so even on a poor pic you can select the low res options without lagging your way through a title screen. Those with laptops simpler to the one I had 2 years ago should understand.Thumbs up from me"
,Recommended,268650,21626395,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,FishNinja27,its a great and amazing game
76561198156605986,Recommended,268650,21602384,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dewey,Great game!
76561198154251719,Recommended,268650,21385433,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Döner3323,"In this game, you get to design your own fleets, ships, planes, missiles, and cannons. Its a VERY tactical sandbox game with many blocks and AI programming options(so you dont have the same AI for every design) that can also be played multiplayer. Theres a huge campaign(you can also design your own campaign) with many factions which have completely different  fleets, terrain, tactics, ships, fortresses and more. The physics are really great. The game gets updated very often. These updates bring you cool new features. Im not a person which can play a game more than 80 hours, except this one. I would higly recomment it."
,Recommended,268650,16351059,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,killkill85,"My Super Shitbox-class combat vessels (floating box rafts that flip over half the time and have a single missile launcher) weren't enough to defeat the enemy onslaughtSo I built the Trundlegun-class omega godslaying battlefrigate (a lil ugly wooden boat with 3 homing missiles and some shields, with paper-thin armor).I now rule the universe (or rather, I'm making progress against the first faction who are a joke compared to what comes next).Plans are currently in production for the Trundlesky-class air superiority fighter (put some wings on that♥♥♥♥♥♥.I am become Trundle, destroyer of worlds.But seriously this game is godlikeUpdate: The Trundlesky fighter plane is complete, wtf it's actually really effective, I made no changes to the base hull just put wings, thrusters, and more missiles on it yet it flies like a big stupid graceful eagle"
76561198027661217,Recommended,268650,21614155,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Schrekse,A lot of fun once you get over the steep learning curve.
76561198202535534,Recommended,268650,20553531,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Mako,"So far the game has turned out fairly good in terms of game-play, a problem is 2 or more ships phasing together. at this point i think they(the devs) should work on making it so that low end PCs can run it a bit better(this could be done by making it possible to disable details in the textures in the graphics options)"
,Recommended,268650,21601608,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Andrew700Pies,Grate game it's really fun and i love that no two battles will ever be the same
,Recommended,268650,21628631,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,|ББП| Comrade Holland the Dead,I have never made a single thing that worksBut I just can't stop trying.
,Recommended,268650,21627744,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ashcool9,i love this game so much even tho i can only build a good looking ship with op guns but has crap armor and stuff but oh well who needs amor and who needs spelling
,Recommended,268650,21243357,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Morty,This game is good for early access. At first i didnt like it due to the slight learning curve but after a while i grew to it. I suck at making ships and weapons but i love trying!
76561198069293998,Recommended,268650,27168902,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Oxaile,1. Spend 2 hours making a main cannon as good as possible2. missclick3. remember that you didn't save the blueprint4. Ragequit
76561198058690070,Recommended,268650,22427710,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,BlockBadger,"FTD is a massive sandbox. From building to running a campaign it’s all down to you what you want to do within the game.Learning curve is steep, but you don't need to know anything about ""the right way to do things"" to have fun messing around and blowing things up!You can be played co-op and single player, even 1v1 if you really have to prove your creation(s) is(are) ""better"".You can make anything, from steam powered cars (Still WIP), to Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generator subs, diesel spaceships and battery boats! It’s all down to you, and with mod and steam workshop support it’s really your own imagination that is the limitation.But what makes this game stand out from other building games is the weapons. They are not single blocks you place but, instead formed from many different blocks, giving you a massive range of possibilities and infinite custom ability.Only way to really understand how amazing this game is, is to watch some YouTubers play it, if you can’t be bothered to look yourself, this gives a good idea of the awesome stuff you can get up to.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfL99AiY_AA"
76561198241806098,Recommended,268650,27226856,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mythoclast,"This game is GREAT!!!!This game has so much content you wont believe it. This is a game that has multiple features. you can chose if you just want to build things or if you want to do a campain or even a story mode! on 4 different planets! And within these choices are more choices. you can make both water, land and air vehicles. the game dosent lag. the game has a good AI (most of the time anyways). you can create your own AI. you can make fleets. and you can go to war against other factions. this is a offline and online game. but i recommend offline trail run before you try to take on someone else. There is a propper resourse system of you're playing on survival too! this game is realistic! this game is getting new content all the time! it makes you never want to turn one. Making the: Just 5 more minutes effekt very strong ;D. And that prise! It's an amazing prise for a endless and mindblowing game. I just cant get enough of it!!(disclaimer: you need to do the tutorials first if you want to play this game and understand how to use the different features)."
76561198051240515,Recommended,268650,27219891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NomadicOTTO,This game is in alpha and it is one of the best I have ever played.And the developer continues to update.
,Recommended,268650,27411408,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crazysissen the Rare,8/8 would r8 8 again m8
,Recommended,268650,27391787,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheTankWarfarer,"Welcome to From the Depths. After 300 hours of play time, I still can't build a flier."
,Recommended,268650,26971574,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bobwithnojob,"Built a torpedo firing p*nis, got destroyed by a bloody flying squirrel10/10 would build a d!ck again"
,Recommended,268650,26992638,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moist Orifice,3deep5me
76561198056285317,Recommended,268650,27033722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hendrickson.b,Big learning curve but worth the time. My fleet is better than your fleet.
,Recommended,268650,30924744,Posted: 3 April,all,The Space Wolf,RTS  battleship
76561198344071523,Recommended,268650,26537710,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dragon_Sin7,I have only played about 6 hours and I have had a lot of fun with From the Depths.
76561198151007467,Recommended,268650,26058750,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Al Lahuak Barbang,It's amazing that my potato of a computer can run this.It's amazing that I'm actually moderately adequate at this game.It's amazing how fun it is to just go all out in an attempt to crash my computer.3 surprises is good enough for me.
76561198272783800,Recommended,268650,20127478,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,goldenbrits1,over all great game but really hard control's still trying to figure it out
,Recommended,268650,20194337,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dearion,"This game is what I ever wanted from any game throughout my life and even more!. The first ship I made was a horrible mess, second one I did was a bloody Iowa(so many design flaws made me learn this game) so here is a tip when getting into this... Dream big work out how you are going to get there and there is no actual false in my opinion. Basically this game is perfect even in this stage of development If I had to rate it I would rate it 23000 Flying Squirrels out of 10."
,Recommended,268650,20196772,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Titus Maccius Plautus,Best game on steam ofcourse if u love sandbox games!
76561198133734123,Recommended,268650,20137664,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Maple Syrup,"From what i've played so far, this is an amazing game. Very in depth building system that allows you to create almost anything from a giant battleship to a satilite dish. It takes a little while to understand many of the basic bulding and designing techniques. Things like building a custom cannon seems very confusing and hard, but once you build a couple, it will be very easy for you. Before buying this game I would recommend watching a few YouTube vidoes just to get the very basics on building."
,Recommended,268650,20132994,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,seanlamb2,it is a good game
,Recommended,268650,20125487,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,idontknowjeffery,"This is hands-down the best game I have ever played. It never gets old, as you can create pretty much anything you want, and there are multiple game modes. Truly amazing. Anyone who wants this game will not be disappointed by it."
76561197975532546,Recommended,268650,20188660,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,travisbfv14,"Have not slep Right in days, because of this Game.This is hands down the best way to time travel to the next day,played 60hrs in 6 days and im not a gamer...well i am nowSteam Member since 2005."
76561198170110793,Recommended,268650,20240840,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Steve,Big gun go boom >:)
,Recommended,268650,19836835,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,xXThe_ZachXx,All around i rate 10/10!! but the one thing in the newest dev build that i see can go wrong is that with the exoust theres no 4 way conecter. this is a peice that may be vital to most desighns like mine. i made a radial engine wich is a hybrid with terbos and sc with injecters. at max rpm most cylanders run fine exept for the injecters becouse there is no exoust comeing out of it. supercharged ones are fine with a raidiatoe but the injected ones need exoust. horible complait but i recomend it for people who want to build stuff and destroy other peoples stuff with your stuff.
76561198136664312,Recommended,268650,19837165,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ross the Great,"Really fun game once you get into it.Pros:fun building gamereally fun to make weaponsyou can build entire fleets of ships block by block and rule the world(that is if you dont make your ships with tinfoil armor)allround' fun gameCons:none really,the learning curve is quite easy once you get into the game, but dont let it intimidate you it isnt actualy that badOverall, a great game and has alot of fun mechanics"
,Recommended,268650,19873898,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Bemoteajh,"While I would recomend this game it is with a caveat... ONLY IF YOU LIKE STARMADE/MINECRAFT and wish they had REDICULOUS CONTROLS and a learning curve THAT MAKE EVE LOOK LIKE MY LITTLE PONEYI love this game and give it a 8/10 but the controls... in what world do you not uses WASD for movement...Moving on - The detail of the building system, the detail in the impact mechanics, the detail of the sinking... Im in love :)"
,Recommended,268650,19854632,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,北 ＥＴＥＲＮＡＬ 朝 ＲＥＡＬＩＴＹ 鮮,"This is my favorite game in my steam library. It has an extremely steep learning curve, but it's extremely satisfying to learn the gamer mechanics. Additionally, this game has many creative elements not found in other games. The missile and now gun customization are two of my favorite parts of From the Depths. I would recommend this game to anyone for the usual $20, and if it goes on sale then there is no reason not to buy it."
76561198136131859,Recommended,268650,19898633,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sumps,Love the game just got in to the advandced cannnons they so cool and exspansive and one of the harder parts of the game
,Recommended,268650,20207512,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LiL Funny Man ᶘ ᵒᴥᵒᶅ™,Steep learning curve. but once you get the hang of it its amazing.
,Recommended,268650,20217715,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Crummy Fingers,"Most of the criticism pertaining to this game complains about how the in-game tutorials don't really teach you enough to be notably successful in the game's campaign. And I'd say that's about accurate at the moment. For now, the best solution is to just watch an LP on youtube or somethin'. Though, once ya get past that you've got a solid, complex ship builder/fleet commander."
76561198251938066,Recommended,268650,20221373,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,McMoon,Worlds best game ever
,Recommended,268650,20224745,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Duckroll,"It's a really fun game, but it's also a huge time sink and difficult to get started. And even once you are, it takes hours and hours to build a working vehicle.Most of my initial 70 hours was making a bunch of ships, planes, bases etc to use in the campaign, then only a small time playing it.There are a huge number of pitfalls and silly design decisions, but the game is saved by it's uniqueness."
,Recommended,268650,20223407,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,twubbles,good game
76561198047592639,Recommended,268650,20364370,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,chrismeardon,"This game is one of the greatest games out there. If you love a long, challenging campaign and weeks of designing your ships then this is the game for you. If you want to just build a simple little♥♥♥♥♥♥and challenge the deep water guard with it, then this game is also for you. It's for everyone. Buy it now. Unless you value your time or something"
,Recommended,268650,20439509,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,KuroT1k,10/10 love it so much.
76561198269317813,Recommended,268650,20288532,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DSF100,It is a very good game but it is a difficult game
,Recommended,268650,20288018,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[ZSU]Kyroxis,"Minecraft meets Supreme Commander... you get to build ships, land vehicles, aircraft and spaceships, arm them with customisable weapon systems, marshall them into fleets and then unleash them on AI or player opponents. It is singularly brilliant and addictive."
76561198072705248,Recommended,268650,20469362,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,RScar500,"This game is hard (for me at least), but the stuff I've done so far was enjoyable and i've laughed at some of the creations I have created. There is so much stuff to build, fight, explore and enjoy whilst playing this game... You should buy it!"
76561198025553893,Recommended,268650,20471667,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Enserric,"Its a nice game, but sadly, the fuel refineries nearly destroy the need for fleets as they blow up of tolted, and making a perfectly stable boat that rarely tilts in this game is nearly impossible. I love the game, but review is sadly a negative one."
,Recommended,268650,20528102,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Slippery Stephen,solid game. flying rocket♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,268650,20472442,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Milk,gud
76561198040029392,Recommended,268650,20517177,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,khronos153,Great game that you can have a lot of fun with but... THAT LEARNING CURVE DOE! I still can't build a good boat
76561198142075232,Recommended,268650,20528738,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,"Terranos, God of Creation",its a great game with a steeeeeeeeep learning curve i played for 7 hrs now  i can asure you i know very little how i can do stuff in this game9/10 still in development
76561198268539883,Recommended,268650,20548440,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,unicornmeat3,explosions all i can say
,Recommended,268650,20546817,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,[Meaty Whack],"YO HOLY SHIIITYOU LIKE MINECRAFT? YOU LIKE STARMADE? YOU LIKE BIG♥♥♥♥♥BATTLESHIPS? ♥♥♥♥ YEAH YOU DO.BUILD A GIANT♥♥♥♥♥BOAT, FULL IT FULL OF 500mm GUNS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. GO BIG OR GO HOME.YOU PUT YOUR BIGGEST GODDAM ENGINE ON THAT ♥♥♥♥♥ AND GUZZLE UP ENOUGH GAS TO MAKE THE ENTIRETY OF AMERICA LOOK FUEL EFFICIENT, BUT WHO GIVES A ♥♥♥♥?! YOU GOT A GIANT♥♥♥♥♥MURDERBOAT! YEAAH! FULL SPEED AHEAD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, MURDER THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF THE DEEPWATER GUARD-threesecondslater.jpg...THE DWG DON'T ♥♥♥♥ AROUND! YOUR 10k BLOCK BATTLESHIP EXPLODED IN ONE SHOT YOU DINGUSBack to the drawing board you dumb ♥♥♥♥.okay for reals tho, this game is basically a really cool fusion of Naval Ops: Warship gunner (If you've ever played that), Mount and Blade (Or some other game like that, it's just the example I know of ok?), and minecraft/starmade. The customization and depth is top-notch but not too overwhelming if you have somebody explain it too you, but you'l l probably need somebody to help explain it too you.To be honest that's really the only bad thing about the game that I can think of, aside from it being still in development and maaaybe that the difficulty likes randomly fluctuating a little in the campaign sometimes. There isn't any story either, so that's two problems maybe?But really, in general, it's a great game that's gonna go places. You should totally buy this if you're into strategy games and/or ship building games.Edit: A little bit of story. So the campaign takes place on 'Neter' and it has eight factions that you gotta beat to be king of Neter, which is your main objective.Deepwater Guard; a bunch of crazy pirate hermit dudes. They're the least advanced guys, but they do actually have every type of vehicle available, just not very good examples. Masters of none, basically.Onyx Watch: I love these guys. They use both WOODEN ♥♥♥♥ING GALLEONS, WOODEN SHIPS AND IRON MEN STYLE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and FLOATING CASTLES! The first time you see one of their bigger castle-ships you're gonna squee a little. Awesome work. They're the 'mighty glaciers' of the factions if that wasn't obvious.White Flayers: And you thought the DWG were a little kooky? These guys are all hyper over-religious nutjobs ran by a lot of scheming scam artists who go to battle using ships covered in spikes and ♥♥♥♥ing drills. I'd make the obvious TTGL joke or reference, but I'm above that. They're actually really weak in game though for the most part, because there's no A.I. type in place so that their ships properly try to give yours an anal inspection. These would be the 'glass cannons' of the ingame groups.Lightning Hoods: The White Flayers' technophiliac butt-buddies, they use laser beams, hydrofoils, and fighter jets up the wazzoo. Fragile speeders to the core, they love high speed and high-tech♥♥♥♥♥♥at the detriment of everything else. If you can get them to STOP ♥♥♥♥ING MOVING GODDAMNIT they're reasonably easy to kill, but they'll fug u up m9 if you let them.Steel Striders: The 'proper government' of all the factions, all those aforementioned groups are pretty much offshoots of these guys. As such, they also have at least one or two examples of most 'types' of crafts like the DWG, but unlike those guys, they don't suck♥♥♥♥♥and are built up properly for the most part. No real downsides in any way, but they do love them there 'kinetic weapons' first and foremost.Grey Talons: Like the SS these dudes love big guns, but these guys are metal as ♥♥♥♥ tribes who (are planned to) use freaking krakens and (already have) giant airships made of the salty tears of the innocent and your nightmares. Surprisingly strong to say the least. If you like tropes, these guys are  'Lightning Bruisers'. Oh, and in what little fluff there is, all these dudes live on flying continents and stuff like that. Pretty neato.Scarlet Dawn: ALIENS. Ayy lmaos. Call-in-XCOM kind. These dudes tried to invade in the backstory with the 'Twin Guard' (see below, another faction), but that went to♥♥♥♥♥♥because Anonymous hacked them or something and so they waited in orbit for their chance to strike and to trade yugioh cards or something. I don't know. These guys have everything like the SS, but all their ships are even better designed and will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ These guys always, always turn their♥♥♥♥♥♥up to eleven at minimum. Oh, you have an anti-air laser? ♥♥♥♥ you, the SD uses anti-cruiser lasers. Artillery guns? SD has rapid-fire anti-orbit artillery guns, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself. Missiles? How about 'I'm going to fling so many missiles a bee hive is going to look quaint in comparison' level missile spam? In effect, if anybody else can do it, SD is gonna do it better. Bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Twin Guard: These guys are at the end of the list, but that's really because they're very forgettable in my case. Anyway, they do have one cool thing going for them: A good portion of their ships are ♥♥♥♥ing anime robots. So that's nice. They're the robots that the Scarlet Dawn sent in before to try and murderize Neter, but they got their memory corrupted and forgot how to shot web. They allied with the Steel-Striders and now they help eachother out. Not much to say really, they're basically an in-between of the jack-of-all stats battleship loving Steel Striders and the speedy Lightning Hoods guys.Anyway, yeah, there are good dynamics in place and each faction really feels different when you fight them. Pretty cool stuff."
76561197987527499,Recommended,268650,20565372,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,sano,"Complex and fun, this game is a creative experience on par or exceeding space engineers.  new content is added regularly and the community is friendly and eager to help.build sailing ships, or submarines, planes, massive airships, sky castles, space ships, even a deathstar if you feel so inclined.  the base campaign will take a while to beat, and is still under development.  but this is one of the most playable alphas I have ever seen.the developer actively reads and responds on the forums, and is very interested in good ideas from the player base."
,Recommended,268650,20532906,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ajay Herrington,"From the Deths, Man I wanted this to be an amazing experiance for me, after watching people play it on youtube and reading comments. It's a good game, don't get me wrong. Your own mind is the only thing that limits you in this game.Pros:1) Customization sliders for creating the difficulty of the game to your desire.2) Build to your minds capacity, as well as your cpu's3) Great looking ships, and fortresses4) Nice community5) Choice of keyboard or mouse building6) Rockets, Rockets, Rockets...Cons:1) Very Very steep learning curve2) Takes alot of time to read how to build the ships3) Very buggy4) Super small communityOver all I will reccomend it to a person who has time, and patience to learn such an early access game that limits you do to bugs and learning the hard way. So many pieces to the engine and custom guns, annoying ai when moving ships sometimes. It's alright game, believe me, but again the amount of time you take to learn something it might be taken out of the game or it simply won't work. Sometimes there's a bug where you can't save at all. It's good, but I feel most people won't be able to play this very well. Still, i recomend it and I support the creator 100% This is a great game, just wish i had time to learn it my friends :)"
,Recommended,268650,17697369,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Gxmax,i can make blocks float
,Recommended,268650,19814426,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Steghoesoreass,This gae is really good. However don't expect to play it immediately. I spent around 8 hours total just to moderately understand it. Once you figure out how to play though it will give you a really enjoyable experience.
,Recommended,268650,19765836,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Xerion,"Amazing game, very complex but easy to learn. In other games it is just ''oh, i'll place my gun here'' etc. But in From the Depths you have to build the gun and design the shells for it, you have to also build engines and set up AI for your vehicles. There is so much customizability in this game!"
76561198063659005,Recommended,268650,19532374,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kamitorrorga,"I like the game alot. However, I am just writing this quick reviewPros:Build anything you wantNice combat system IMOIt looks nice while not killing my computer - 24.2 FPS on my fossil for a PCMade me realize how cool naval battles wereCons (That I am aware of right now):The lack of some work lifting systems, such as stacking blocks.Making good turrets is kinda hard when half of the time, I get the error ""No Internal Ammo"" when there is ammo all over connected to the firing pieces."
76561198062510405,Recommended,268650,19637609,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,gman197002,"Oh, what a beautiful game this is. There is some lag that is to be expected of a game of this magnitude, but it really is great."
,Recommended,268650,19682182,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,WootersAgain,This is a great game. Untill it crashes and you havent saved ANYTHING. I beat the deepwater guard and it crashed. And my last save was 5 hours ago.
,Recommended,268650,19721144,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Commander Lemming,"HUGE learning curve, but great community to help you over it. Very satisfying destruction with developers who work hard. Tons of customization, and realistic limits (most of the time). Has it's own control scheme to help you build faster, but it still takes forever to build something you're truly proud of (not the developers' fault, just the way the game works w/ massive designs). Love the concept of ai-controlled vehicles, but the air ai can be a bit silly sometimes, and subs also have a few problems where they drag themselves on the bottom of the ocean.To sum up:Big learning curveTONS of customizationAWESOME explosions/fightsGreat community (from what I've seen)Time-Consuming (like most builders with this level of customization)Self-piloting vehicles (very difficult to code btw, gj developers)Still needs some work (hence early access)"
,Recommended,268650,19745293,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Hawkercsgo500cs.money,This game is an awesome game with the exeption that it is hard to get the hang of the game. I recommend that you do missions before going into campaign mode.  It is also a bit glitchy with Mac.
,Recommended,268650,22073907,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,TheOnePJ,"Realy fun, lots to do! Hard to build small ships though."
76561198045365839,Recommended,268650,21987279,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,alienoid,"A sandbox game with insane amount of depth involved in designing vehicles. When building a vehicle you'll have to think about stuff like what kind of armor to build; spaced, just thick and heavy, or just light, or where on vehicle critical parts such as ammo reserves or engines should be placed to keep them intact to give enough time for your selection of highly customiseable weapon system to destroy the enemy.The game is quite well balanced, so the design of the vehicle really matters. Even simple and small vehicles can be more effective than big and weakly designed.In conclusion, there are just so many things to tweak when building a vehicle, that the game just leaves me thinking after testing a vehicle: just gotta improve that thing to make it even better. And in the end i just realize: the previous vehicle was actually better... That being repeated multiple times gives the game a great replay value.An EA title that is definetly worth the money (look at the playtime on reviews for extra proof). The game also gets updated at reasonable frequency, and seems completely bug free, but some features still need polishing."
76561197978708558,Recommended,268650,21996340,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Bobiloco,Great sandbox builder that is dripping with emergent gameplay. I love the complexity and I love the effort being poured into the development and the contributions the fans are able to make by taking part in the forums. Huge fan and I'd put it up there with Dwarf Fortress in terms of depth and design possibilities.
,Recommended,268650,21263851,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Nilesly (Big Lez Show),"From the depths, this game has really caught my eye on youtube from various people such as Robbaz and Lathland and i really desired to get it for myself I could of waited for a sale, but no I payed full price as I could not wait to get my grubby hands on this pure amazment of a game.DO NOT BELIEVE THE IDIOTIC REVIEWSPros-Unbelievable amount can be done-Creativity off the charts-Complex and intreging-lengthy campaign that can be tackled hundreds of times-calming-Fun-Developers that care and will update regually-inspiring-Everything can be adjusted or made (weapons, missles, cannons,engines,hulls,fortresses,Mega satalites)-Large community creations-nice adjustments to difficulty-Helpful forumCons-though complex it can be very tough to learn and can take days to even master the basics of building-lengthy time to build can take hours or days master your builds to full refined finished build (can be good)-Extremely large battles or a handful of highly complex vehicles can kill lower end pc's-bad multiplayer (i say yet because it is in Alpha-Beta and is not complete buggy-Bugs (Remember it is a alpha-Beta)I have played this on another PC a lot so dont mind my own play time.Overall i can say it is worth its full price as This has thousands of play hours waiting for you, to put into prespective i can barely make a Efficient engine For my battleships i have made. so please buy for yourself and if your not sure wait for a steam sale and pick it up for under £10Dont be affraid of how complex it is and take your time to learn and familiarise yourself to building(watch a few youtube videos {Robbaz and Lathland})9.2/10-one of the best creative games out There."
,Recommended,268650,21993131,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Vis,"I do not often write reviews for games on Steam. It is not something I am inclined to do, given that most games do not entertain me enough that I feel justified in preaching about their good points, nor do they manage to bore or antagonize me so much that I must tell the world of the evils of their binary code nightmare.From The Depths is, as far as I can remember, the only game I have reviewed on Steam, and until something else as enrapturing floats along through the store, I am sure it will remain that way. The real joy of From the Depths is the engineering and building aspects. To take a concept, a simple outline of a deck shape, and then craft it over the course of several hours into a weapon of war is a joyous thing to those who love to tinker. Many hours I have spent refitting my various craft, the majority of them not spent in the grand strokes of deciding armament, propulsion, outline and armour. No, most of my time is frittered away testing. Endless testing, until I am absolutely satisfied, or completely frustrated at the performance of each system.And once your many hours of tinkering, designing, hairpulling and testing are over, you finally decide to put your craft through a live fire test. Unless you have been playing for a very long time, it will inevitably fail, or perform far below expectations during the test, usuallly because of a minor error in the design, or an enemy suited to counter what defenses you have in place.This is where From the Depths really differs from several 'Engineering' games. In From the Depths, I must consider bouyancy, drag on both the hull and superstructure, armour thickness from a variety of angles, armour spacing, and a myriad of other tiny details. It is in these minor details that the difference between a good and a great craft is made. Novel engineering is the name of the game, creating simple but efficient methods of doing things, testing out new ideas, scrapping bad ones, repurposing old ones. It is a game where my creativity matters far more than my ability to click on low resolution grass blocks.On a closing point, I think that the truly stand out feature of From the Depths is the relatively realistic damage model. Ships do not simply have a HP bar which indicates it's relative closeness to a complete and sudden loss of all structural integrity. The granularity of the damage model allows for several real life armouring techniques to be used, and in the event that they fail, makes for lovely looking wreckage.All in all, if you enjoy tinkering, building, or even just detailed damage modelling, then this is most definitely the game for you."
,Recommended,268650,22193013,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nomadicus,"From the Depths is an incredibly deep engineering game, in my opinion the best in it's genre, and will only get better as time goes on and the core experience is refined and new features continue to crop up.Extremely playable in it's current state.I highly reccomend it even though i'm usually wary of alpha releases."
,Recommended,268650,22227238,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Turducken,Loads of fun.
,Recommended,268650,22222867,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,[TDBH]Tetrumo[MAGA],"I hammered the keys, and windows alerted me that Thor's justice had been done."
,Recommended,268650,22198416,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Waxierbutton0,this is a amazing game imagine minecraft and world of war ships mixed with   illuminati?
,Recommended,268650,22189072,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,[STAM] Trobbel,"I like to build stuff. I like to blow stuff up.This game lets me do this in a spectacular way.This game lets you design your own vehicles of destruction, and the choice is yours if you want to unleash them on your friends in multiplayer, or on the AI factions in the campaign.When you first start this game up and try to build something awesome, you will most likely fail. DON'T GIVE UP! Keep trying to improve on your designs, and eventually you will have built some incredible crafts that you can be proud of. It takes some time to learn the mechanics, but when you do learn them you will come to love this game. The recently added tutorials will help you to get started, and I insist that you give them a go early on to get a good grip on what to do, and what not to do.The developer is constantly working on cool updates and is very active on the game's main forum. Just yesterday better support for land vehicles and modding was added. Tank battles, here I come!"
76561198127241626,Recommended,268650,22190857,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,TotallyNotPizza,A very fun sandbox game with a steep learning curve.
,Recommended,268650,21960734,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Dayson~💠,Tis Super Good game its like realeti but like minecraft with Battleship AND a fue Bugs
76561198098782870,Recommended,268650,21948595,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Trashmaster,"-Spend hours figuring out how to make the perfect craft-Send craft to fight-Craft annihilated by basic enemy-Cheating time-Farm resources then use enemy blueprints for their best ship-Upgrade that design-Realize you've modified it so much the source is unrecognizable-Be proud of your ""original"" death machine-Spend hours figuring out why it is amazing-Build new one from scratch keeping only the parts that were useful-Cheap mass producable death machine-Win China style"
76561198019064138,Recommended,268650,21961665,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Britishness,"if you have a friend who plays this that will help you, you might be ok, but this was way too complicated for me at the start. eventually you can figure things out but you really have to stick with it for a long time. Really good after you do though."
76561198134818671,Recommended,268650,30762837,Posted: 26 March,all,Rabid Wombat,I didn't think I would get much out of this game.I was wrong.
76561198279022791,Recommended,268650,22481823,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,karins,I LOVE IT
76561198254533792,Recommended,268650,22487798,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,SnedTheGreat,I miss my custom cannons... :'(
,Recommended,268650,22622466,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Sandman,"Alright, to get one thing out of the way, I will sum up one of my best experiences so far ingame:Tries to build copter similar to Coffin Nail; game glitches; I'm in space. 11/10.But in all seriousness, this game really is a keeper. With a complex but inventive building system, an active Dev team, and an excellent design overall, it comes at a suprise that this game isn't more highly recommended.My main issue with the game is the overall lack of optimization, making large ships a less viable option for my PC, and the incredibly slow progress to get anywhere, regardless of the power of the vehicle's propulsion.I'm not one to make judgments or long reviews, so to leave it at rest, From The Depths is an excellent overall game with a lot of potential for future greatness."
76561198020711100,Recommended,268650,22619912,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ryeridge,This game offers so much entertainment and a fantastic way to channel your creativity i reccomend this game to anyone who like building things so that you can watch them blow things up and then get blown up themselves. This game unfortanley does a take a very long time to get good at but as soon as you get average it gets insanley fun.
76561198046266975,Recommended,268650,30752536,Posted: 26 March,all,roax206,"for supposedly an indie game that is still in development this game makes a lot of ""tripple A"" games look tiny and simplistic. I feel like I'm still just getting started with this game even with supposedly 640 hours of playtime."
76561197962112095,Recommended,268650,22344260,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,BinaryNinja,"This game is amazing. 60 Hours and im almost ready to leave the vehicle designer and start the campaign. What's that, they added land vehicles in the latest patch? Back to the vehicle designer."
76561198144774788,Recommended,268650,22340969,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Shanghai Boone,Never have I been so captivated by quizes.
76561198042874229,Recommended,268650,22308434,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Infinite Sandwich,
,Recommended,268650,22286924,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Feradose,"I have been stalking this game for a long while now, and just bought it for myself.It has great potential, especially now that we can have cannon CIWS (I have yet to learn to make the CIWS cannons elevate AND shoot missiles, not shoot in their direction on azimuth plane.), CRAM bombs, and MODDING.Modding makes every game 10x better.I love this game.I love the developer(s?)And I hate/love the campaign for being so hard on me, because of the complicated resource sharing madness.Not even 10 hours in and I have a 3 km long everything destroyer ship."
76561198090401561,Recommended,268650,23210428,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Stinger Maine,"OH DEAR GOD WHAT A GREAT GAME!I mean it!It might be in development still, but right now you can already do so many things with it. Everything from building ships, tanks, planes, space stations, replicas, wacky inventions, submarines, sonic the hedgehog you name it! It might look like minecraft on steroids, but it’s so much better. Even though the ships are voxel based, the terrane and water is not, and with every single new update, there are thousands of possibilities added. While the ui might be hard to follow at first, it’s just like a garage. You learn where each block is, what it does, and how to use it through trial and error. Just look at the ships I put on the workshop! Most are terrible, but as time went on, I got better.And if you don’t like the learning curve, I would just say that its not that bad. YouTube as plenty of tutorials and walkthroughs of what each piece does, and it even has built in tutorials on major components. Go to youtube to see game play and others opinions. I promis thats is free!So if you are a person who likes to tinker, toy, test, fail and get better, this is the game for you."
76561198165533458,Recommended,268650,16233362,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Horntx,"Start game game says its loading, read first line ""FTD is now loading all content this may take up to 20 seconds"" I start smashing keys, read second line ""please don't smash keys it could cause windows to alert you to non responsiveness"" 100/10 would do agin"
,Recommended,268650,23300533,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,jacobbyte,"From the depths is a truly wonderful game.It's a bit like space engineers as you construct vehicles.Despite the unpolished exterior, there is a lot of complexity to this game, there are amazing things on the workshop that show how creative the players are.The building interface could use alittlebit of polishing (it could stand to steal the Space Engineer's hotbar).It is a massive timesink and I doubt that I'm all that good at it despite the length of time I've spent playing it.You also  may need a rather beefy system to play it well, as it is a bit of a resource hog, but I'm not sure itcanget faster, as there is a very large amount of processing due to the various complexities that exist in the game.In any case, I'd recommend it over Space Engineers, as the strategic element works quite well, despite some teething problems that are now just getting sorted with the AI.Then there's the adventure mode, which turns it into a bit of a roguelike, which is odd and terrifying due to the suddeness and immense superiority which I typically find myself facing(once again, I'm not that good at it).I'd definitely recommend it."
76561198084707835,Recommended,268650,23074795,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Argonwolf,"A brutally difficult game with a massive learning curve, but you can't help but love it once you've learned how to play. More strategic depth (pun absolutely intended) than any other game I've played, and you'll need to get accustomed to every tool available to you if you want to succeed. Once you start to get the hang of things, it's immensely satisfying to tear down the AI factions, but regardless of how powerful you become, you'll never lose that sense of dread fighting a massive enemy fleet. Even if you're not into strategy, the game doubles as a fun physics sandbox in which you can build all manner of wild contraptions and blow things up to your heart's content.Though it requires quite a powerful computer to run properly, From the Depths is a ton of fun and the regular content updates will keep you coming back (oh the joys of early access).P.S. You haven't properly experienced this game until you've gone 400 meters/second or more in a custom-jet powered fuel-guzzling superplane. It's something you really have to try, there's nothing else like it in the game."
,Recommended,268650,23394772,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,╲⎝⧹ProtoStar⧸⎠╱,7.8/10TOO MUCH WATER!pros:Exceptionally brilliant!cons:Requires practice and time to master all of the many concepts!
,Recommended,268650,23362292,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MegaJustMega,"Honestly one of the best(If not the best game) on Steam Early Access right now, well updated with a very active Dev team with polls on forums to help the future of the game, It features so much customizability to the point where I would say you are only really limited by imagination, great game and well worth it if you love customizing and designing planes, ships, submarines etc."
,Recommended,268650,23367639,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Altair,"you can build your own tanks,jets and ships bit hard to learn but great when learned and you can use NUKES NOW!11/10"
,Recommended,268650,23367833,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ethereal,This game is amazing. If it were a bit more optimized I would give a 10/10. But for now it is an 8/10.
76561198282836725,Recommended,268650,23410990,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ray,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,268650,23502886,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Dr. Malpractice,I've had this game for a long time and it is something refreshing that I always end up coming back to and finding new content added. It is a very unique sandbox game with a solid concept for campaign. Would highly recommend if you've never tried it.
76561198028877049,Recommended,268650,23468125,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Sea Serpent Named Nessie,"Let me start this off with that the most played game I have on Steam is Planetside 2 and I've had it for 3-4 years and played it on and off for long period of time. That now said, I've managed to get to 100 hours within the first month of me getting this game and am currently at the 200+ mark which is nearing itself closer to being Planetside 2 which as a gamer I've played quite a bit of. That in itself should tell you how awesome this game is.Either way lets really start this off. Have you even wanted to play a game like minecraft but had more moving parts and gizmos that aren't just pistons or buggy/poorly implemented mods? Guess what From the Depths is what you are looking for. The resource system is different than minecraft in that you have stored resoures of a few types such as metal, natural (wooden), crystals and etc. Which can be used to craft together different types of crafts ranged from a death laser barg to even space ships with orbital ordinance, or even maybe you like fluffy sheeps that happen to swim to the enemy and may or may not swing a hammer causing massive damage like some users have made. Hell the game normally has an angry chicken flying craft with cannons and missles.Are you creative? Well you really can't get bored with this game because the limit is how much you can think of building or if you aren't creative guess what. There is a massive sharing of things called blueprints which are other players or your own crafts. You don't need to build a good ship when someone else has already done it for you, or maybe you wanna build a better one than them!You can play this game in so many ways its silly. You can just sit in the designer making what ever you want. Maybe you wanna face off other players which you can do in multiplayer which is still in development and comes with its slew of problems but most are minor or not even noticable. You know what I hate. Games that give me only a single player experience but let me have a useless companion follow me around or even force said uselss companion on me, guess what From the Depths doesn't do. Limit you to just having useless companions but also useless friends too! Unless you happen to be the useless one but either way you can game either by yourself or play the FULL game with a friend or even play a community made world.The only issue this game has currently is the UI needs some work and the game can be too much for new players at the start, its a very deep game and its not gonna hold your hand too well. Anyone who gets this game, I recommend you try to make it through the first 10-20 hours of gameplay before you give up. This is around the time things click and you can start making awesome crafts. That may seem like a long time to play the game but it flew by for me and many others I've talked to about the starting of the game online with.Oh and if you are worried about it being abandoned. The dev 'Nick Smart' does regular updates and recently expended the staff to more than just himself. He works very hard on this game and is very vocal with the community on the games own webpage. Every update seems to bring new and better candy."
76561198048434394,Recommended,268650,23191227,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,najitaka,"This game will test your creativity, engineering, logic, and adaptability.  You can build or download any vehicle you can imagine.  It has programmable AI that fights for you or you can take control.  It has campaign, adventure, and workshop modes that all offer something unique.  It is one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,268650,23190397,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,WinningPrism817,Very good game but multiplayer needs to be worked on right now i have seen much happen but multiplayer is not getting anywhere
76561198146400824,Recommended,268650,23192831,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,JosePink170,It's alright
,Recommended,268650,23227929,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Pellean009,"From the Depths is a very enjoyable game; it's primary attraction is engineering and vehicle or base design, but it also overlaps in many other areas:It has elements of tabletop wargames: there is not a universal stockpile of the resources you need- the 4 raw resources (natural/wood, metal, oil, and crystal) and 3 refined resources (scrap/parts, fuel, and ammunition) need to be physically moved around the game world and distributed to the fleets and bases that require them.It resembles the Total War series in that you manage a large empire with fortifications, resource sites, and fleets roaming a very large map, with battles zooming in to focus on individual fleets.It has fleet-command elements: you set the combat behavior of each vessel in a fleet, order them to stay in formation or engage at will, and manually control steering, individual weapons, or your ship's entire aersenel.It has flight and ship simulator content as well- drag, bouyancy, lift, center of mass, and weather all impact the performance of your vehicles.If at least one of that list appeals to you as a subgenre of a building game, it's definitely worth your money. If you're still not certain how you feel, this is my go at the pros and cons of the game.Pros:Incredibly versitile: each individual weapon system has an addicting level of customizeability to it. For missiles and cannons, you literally design the projectile as well as the delivery system, allowing for a huge variety of effective ranges, fire rates, ammo consumption, and effects. Lasers and particle cannons are less variable in effect but far more in power, ranging from tiny anti-missile lasers to massive coaxial weapons that utilize the entire power output of a dreadnaught to fire. CRAM cannons, or heavy mortars, are massive weapons that make the Karl Gustav feel inadequate- they are less customizeable that cannons are, but still range massively in payload and practicality. The engines are just as variable, and engineers (pun intended) have many different components to modify the ratio between size, fuel efficiency, heat management, and power output. Even the propulsion options are varied: sails, paddlewheels, screws, hydrofoils, propellors, airfoils, jet engines, rockets, balloons, and heliblades are all options available to you to make your creations get where they're going.User-friendly but intricate AI management: the systems on your ships are either run manually or by an AI, and said AIs have very simple graphic interfaces that gives a surprizingly thorough amount of control over how you want it to work. LUA scripting is also available in-game for those with the skill who want to fine-ture even further.Low computing demand per object- the game plays impressively well considering what it does. I've played battles with dozens of ships and other vehicles in which hundreds of shells are in the air at once, each a fully realized physics object affected by gravity, drag, and angle of impact, dozens of realtime-calculated volumetric explosions occur simultaneously, and 30+ AIs all reacting to changing battlefield circumstances with little performance loss. Only MASSIVE ships or huge explosions slow the game down, and it's always smooth, not stuttery. I actually rather like the slowdown, because it makes blowing a ship's ammo magazine have its own slo-mo effect.A variety of game types: There are story missions for single-player, a single player open map campaign, a variety of co-operative and head-to-head multiplayer options, and the editor, in which anything can be built and any enemy can be spawned in. There's something for you here regardless of how much time you have and whether you want to take over the world with your fleets or want to spend a few hours trying to build the perfect cannon or engine.Integrated Steam Workshop and mod support.Cons:Early Access- the game is not feature complete, and everything is liable to change in patches.Somewhat cartoonish graphics- think borderlands, but as a block builder and without any organic elements.Computer demand- while the game is very resource efficient as I mentioned above, late game battles in the campaign will have moments that drag for even top-end computers, and entire battles can crawl or even cause memory dump errors on older machines."
,Recommended,268650,23227211,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,tpenguin249,"Have no idea how this game works, but I still have fun playing it. If you are looking for a complicated but fun Strategy  game, its for you. But be warned you will need to stick your head in more than a couple tutorials to really get the most out of it.Pros.+Many hours of gameplay.+The difficulty can be widley adjusted.+Can build what ever you want, from space ships to small scouting boats.+Has moderate A.I.+The Battles are fun and intense, expecially when you have whole armodas fighting each other.+Has a creative mode so you don't need to worry about enemies meessing up your fun.+Can save and load creations onto the wrokshop.+A decent amount of weapons, which you can customize, like rockets and heavy artillary.+Physics are at top notch with full destructablility.+Devs update the game frequentlyNeutral.I am putting the fact that this game is REALLY complicated in the neutral section because some people like hard-to-get complicated games while some people like easy-going simple games. Its really up to how much time you want to spend in this game. If you watch the first tutorial and then jump right in, you will not get any of it and most likely rage quit.Cons-No really multiplayer, but there is small communities which do play sometimes.-Requires lots of time to pick up.-Crashes sometimes.-Ramming is not effective, but might be buffed in later patches.-Needs a sort of beefy computer to run.-The updates sometimes remove parts of your creations and causes you to have to go back to fix it. An example is that the custom cannons have been switched and swapped with other different things, So you had to replace them.I honestly have not played this game myself, because I don't really know how to play efficiently. I don't know how to build my own ships and stuff like that. I do know all of this from watching other people play it. You could probably get to know the entire game form watching other people play it. A good example is Robbaz, who shows not the fine details of the game but shows you how fun it can be if you are creative and you know how the game works. Go watch his entire series on it, you will get lot of laughs and a basic example on how it works."
,Recommended,268650,23184563,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,GarugaHunter,"The game is good and Its an experience but Its hard to play. Controlls are efficient when you get used to it! The game itself lack a  lot of optimization and crash fixes. Also you need to play the game a lot to memorize everything. The In-Game tutorials are amazing and easy to learn from. Everything is made in steps and they tell you which part does what. You have to figure out somethings in the game like designing you own missile or your engine. You can customize anything, there are blocks for anything and also the In-Game sandbox mode Is extremely helpful to build ships. Also when you are done with designing, you can spawn your ship in the campaign If you have the correct resources. Also the AI difficulty screen Is useful and customizeable for your needs. I would reccomend this game because Its still getting updates, they are slow but really big updates."
,Recommended,268650,22046311,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Pfeffer die Füchsin,"After all this time, I finally managed to fully defeat the DWG.My first ships were woefully too overpriced and undergunned to fight off the inital waves.My second ships were still too under gunned and overpriced so I was soundly defeated by the counter-attack.Finally....My third ships.  Ugly, very modular in design, but were cheap enough to be built early and had a decent singular weapon that could be replaced/upgraded.And at the time of this review being written, I have finished with my 4th and most successful ship.  A stupidly expensive, stupidly high priced, but stupidly powerful capital ship.   And you know what?  It's basically and upscaled and much longer version of the third ship.  Because when it comes down to it, don't fix what ain't broke.Except when it's nothing but a pile wood at the bottom of the ocean and your base is under attack.Then's a good time to panic.Edit:Finally made a 8 million RP Battleship.   It f***ed up everything that Onyx Watch threw at me.It was glorious.Oh, and it was faster than my light attack craft."
76561198078963121,Recommended,268650,23348933,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Kim Jong Kitten,"build a massive super ship after hours of hard work, and then when i turn it on...it decides to not be a boat and flys into the air and then into space, forgot to save ship, now its stuck in space forever.11/10 would space boat again"
,Recommended,268650,23373582,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,[S-A-L]Maximum68,This is one of the best games ive bought ina  while. i love this game and the mechanics are good. it has amazing potential.
76561198055878592,Recommended,268650,21915119,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,TheWrongHeir,i highly reccomend this game. for it being in alpha state it is very polished and i love how in depth (no pun) it is. great game give it a try.
,Recommended,268650,22445704,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,BoredBird,"My friends recommended this game. I owe them for recommending it. Wow. Amazing! I spent 1/2 hour watching the main menu, watching the AI kill eachother in epic slow mo. Great game, great main menu, great review!98/100 (-2 for finicky controlls)"
76561197998403948,Recommended,268650,22896459,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,alucarD,"Just to start this off, I think this game is good, kinda.I suggest this game, but not for the actual shape, i feel like right now is not even close on how it needs to be to be a really good game, but i think that with time and hard work, this game can become a milestone.Here's my thinking, something that most of the similar game's, like Space Engeneers and Planet Explorers, dont have really good combat mecanics, or dont have it at all.Where come's the problem? The problem on my point of view in From The Depths is that this game lacks really hard on the building, on S.E. u can build pretty much whatever u want, with connections betwen more viecles, and moveble parts, or like on P.E. where u dont have, for the shaping, the classic pick the slope or cube or triangle or whatever, u can shape your creation how u most like, those 2 are really awesome features, that F.T.D. miss, i think that making something more like a fusion of the tree of them would make a really awesome game, for now F.T.D. is not something i would buy, even if i allready did, but for the future, it will mostlikelly become a really good game, or even awesome. Just wait and see!"
76561197982658579,Recommended,268650,22852323,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,WolfCanin,"A really beautiful game. I wish we could give a more detailed point rating then just yes/no.I´d give this game a 12/10 (yes, that´s 12 from 10 points) rating if I could.Esp. in the beginning it is time consuming to learn how everything works together.For example, you can build cannons out of modular blocks which add different kinds of boni/mali to the cannon and even build the ammo for it out of different blocks.Sound really complicated? At first you get that impression but everything is very logical and the more you learn the more you can expirement and finetune your systems.I´ve downloaded some blueprints and took a good look at them to get some pointers and new ideas, that really helped me a lot.Updates are slow but steady, remember there´s only one guy coding this game and with all the stuff going on ""under the hood"" it isnt so easy to implement new things.Would definately buy again!"
76561198169378634,Recommended,268650,15678351,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Milquetoast,"I originally did not recommend this game becuase of what i have now identified, much later, as misunderstanding. After spending slightely more time researching the game i can say it is venerably impressive as a game, even if it requires a level of  knowledge on the ineffably complicated mechanics.(Sorry for the other review)"
76561198095998500,Recommended,268650,22634029,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,T H I C C ripper,"10/10, would play again."
,Recommended,268650,23011683,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Skycommand1,"I got to say, buying this game was totally worth it. Updates every month, Run Smoothly with a ok computer, and has a cool style of graphic. I would give it an 8 /10. And almost no notice bugs too. And is also fun to (optional) write lua code to make you stuff work better."
,Recommended,268650,25572074,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Wolfgang(⌐■_■),VERY HIGH learning curve with very few tutorials but once you make your first working war ship the feeling is god like. Watching the enemy ships bend and brake under the might of your cannons is amazing.  This games is realy good for older gamers due to its learning curve although there are some younger gamers that might be able to play this.
76561198140833316,Recommended,268650,25575934,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,daltondrummer777,"It has a very steep learning curve and Ill be honest, when they come out with a new update making all my ships unsusable becuase of a new game mechanic it pissis me off. But then It convences me to make a new ship and they possibilities are undless. I just takes a long time to make the ships."
,Recommended,268650,24381323,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Luftwaffles,"Great game in my opinion.Pros:Pretty unique gameplay, closest thing I could compare it to would be KSP but not for rockets.Dev seems like pretty chill guy who updates pretty frequently and gives access to them before they're ready, even if sometimes that means they're bugfests.Lots of freedom in building, you can build a supergun, a battleship, a carrier, an armoured airship, a missle launching thingy, etc.Has customizable cannons, from 60mm to 500mm with 8m long shells, with the shell components themselves also customizable.Helpful community for dealing with the steep♥♥♥♥♥learning curveCons:Learning curve has an undefined slope.Unoptimized, according to those people who whine on the forum. I only really encounter fps slowdowns when the forward magazine on my dreadnought gets hit and it decides to follow it's dream of becoming the HMS Hood, or all those ships at Jutland(Britain didn't have their♥♥♥♥♥♥together there, I guess). Even then, it's not jittery though, it's almost like the game goes into slowmo to prevent the stutter of low fps. It only happens when a huge explosion happens or a huge(and I mean huge) ship is in use, for the most part I believe)All in all, I love this game, but it's not without its issues, minor as they might be in my case. Of course, that may not apply to you, since other games always  have those people whocomplain about a game not working on windows 10 or 8 when I'm here playing it just fine on 10."
76561198260313443,Recommended,268650,24467863,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Eyce Kryptose,"I feel this game is very good for those who love building but also strategy and design. This game is a bit glitchy but can run decently on a standard desktop, though slow when too many entities are on screen in the game. All in all it's a great game and is still being worked on so there may be improvements in the future for more active gameplay than anything."
,Recommended,268650,24479395,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,the_real_dwoodsky,"The learning curve is horrific and the strange 'do that but not like that like THIS' mechanics are infuriating I've yet to acheive anything outside of the tutorials, reccomend for people who love building games though"
76561198109612882,Recommended,268650,18250406,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,combatsmithen,"This game, is my addiction...."
76561198066531094,Recommended,268650,24662082,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Edu6127,very guud
,Recommended,268650,24222445,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Paldin,"After playing this for more than two weeks, I couldn't get anything to happen. Either the CPU ships outclassed my ships or my ships wouldn't deploy properly. Brilliant game, but during the Alpha it is still having problems with execution and balance.Don't misunderstand, the game runs fine and crashes no more than a finished game should. But the depth of time required to create one's own ships, after testing and tweaking, is so extensive that I totally understand why some people just copy the AI's ships and tweak those instead.If you're interested in a voxel based game, this is a good place to start. If you're interested in a play experience that's ready to engage you without a month of play-testing before the campaign, then you might want to wait until it's released and read the new reviews after that."
76561197984308168,Recommended,268650,24292713,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Stook,"Complex, complex, and fun.The ""keyboard"" building mechanics are fantastic once you get used to them, but that takes a couple hours.  The art style is pleasing, especially the engines.  The gameplay is very tough, but rewarding.  I agree with many other reviews that the campaign is too difficult, especially if you are new to the game, and AI/weapons controllers are often inept or dumb.  The game can be obscenely complicated; the PID block is reliant on calculus (or guesswork) and the LUA module is reliant on coding knowledge.  I can not comment on multiplayer.It's a fun game for those into min/max-ing or building in general, but expect to put in a few hours to get anywhere.  A boat will take anywhere from an hour to a week to build."
76561198154372099,Recommended,268650,24460766,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Ban Lo,"its a game with promise to be a great title lnown for its scale and its creativity, i hope to see it grow and bloom into a beautifull game that will show how well all these diffrent peices work together"
76561198120558846,Recommended,268650,20449589,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dominator1559,-builded ramming aircraft-rammed it-did that again-rammed it again-victory-Japanese navy simulator 2k16
76561198105462455,Recommended,268650,24337056,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Quack,this game can only keep getting better. YOU CAN MAKE A GIANT CANNON THAT CAN ONE SHOT A DESTROYER!!
76561198073642968,Recommended,268650,24399599,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Bartholomew,"I got this game a long time ago, and I was very bad. and then I watched over 100 hours of youtube videos about this game, and I was still bad. And then I finally learned that putting really heavy big guns on the very top of your ship is stupid and you should never do it because the centre of mass becomes too high and you flip. After learning this, I made decent little ships and it was grand. Over all, very fun, and enjoyable. Just build gud."
,Recommended,268650,25327037,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Quit,Yeeeeeeeeees
76561198211442221,Recommended,268650,25335584,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,desousa.usmc,"Steepest learning curve I've experienced in a game however it is also the most rewarding. If you enjoy creeating, engineering, and battling with large intricate machines, then this is the game you will sink hundreds of hours into."
76561198197445637,Recommended,268650,30877364,Posted: 1 April,all,Cheatcodegaming123,This is just a fantastic game I would recommend over and over.
76561198032210524,Recommended,268650,25815791,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,thedrowningman,"very unique and interesting game. i dont play much because my computer cant handle the big battles, but i cant think of another game thats anything like this"
76561198255289385,Recommended,268650,25816559,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Marco,Nice game
76561198119160418,Recommended,268650,24985808,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,HeresPyro,This game is a must have for all players who love sandbox and strategy.
76561198203060379,Recommended,268650,30879058,Posted: 1 April,all,Fluffy Bunnies,The amount of costomization and playability is amazing.  In my oppinion this is ready for Beta
76561198119123483,Recommended,268650,32689910,Posted: 23 June,all,Captain Jacob Keys,"I'm good at this game when it comes to building the most COMPLEX of designs.Don't ask me to make something simple though, because it will be complex.and still i have 100 hours on record and i still can't make aircraft, HELP PLS!?The game is great fun In or out of multiplayer/campaign, it has great customisation options for weaponry and engines, or just pretty much anything. get this game and LOVE IT!"
76561198030515578,Recommended,268650,32649742,Posted: 22 June,all,Carolus Magnus,"In short:I can certainly recommend from the depths. I have sunk in a pletora of hours already, and I simply keep being drawn back in. In part due to the fact, that there are after these 850 hours of playing STILL many new things to learn and discover.Don't let the flashy ""early acces"" sign put you of! the game is currently very playable and very stable. It also stars far more content than many supposedly finished indie games.more elaborateThe main gropes the game currently struggles with are low FPS in big battles, but this issue is being adressed as we speak; and some balancing issues that are being steadily resolved by the devs while new content is being added. I've bought this game years ago, and currently it is a very different and far more feral beastie due to the continued dedication of the small dev team.the community is sometimes branded as being slighty acidic; but as always, if you are respectful in the forums and formulate your responses and questions properly I've found they are a very comely bunch of chaps (and ladies, undoubtedly). Many forum members are quick to offer concise answers to newbie questions, and are more than willing to aid newcomers and veterans both in resolving harder matters. there are many debates about game balance and techniques and the community is quite active.Of course, if you barge in shouting hell and damnation about your rediculously top heavy overgunned wooden ship capsizing all the time and taking it out on the game in cromagnon english, your reputation will be somewhat tarnished. But that is not unreasonable. Still, many forum members will be happy to point out gently that keels work wonders.The game has the player building vehicles to beat AI designs on a large RTS map, with maneuvers and resource gathering and many different and distinctly flavoured factions. there is one such campaign dedicated to tank warfare, which is ruddy fun; And a larger campaign dedicated to Naval, air and space and sub combat. Yes; There is a vast amount of possibilities.And those are only the official campaigns, as the community has free reign to design its own factions and maps at leisure!The armament, armour, and weapons available are staggering. there are missiles, multiple cannon variants, Particle accelator cannons and lasers and more. Each of these has a great amount of customizability to tweak to your personal needs and satisfaction. A great pleasure of mine is busting enemy AI designs with EMP weaponry, leaving them dead in the water, hulls intact (more scrap for me!).The game has difficulty customization options, quite a few graphical settings, and as many variable playstyles as you could dream up due to the above. Many layers of complexity can be switched of at player discretion, such as detection systems (think sonar, radar), and extended logistics and fleet upkeep.there is an active multiplayer scene, with a selection of deathmatch modes in which the players pit their designs against each other. There are also AI wave survival modes, and several others. You can also play the campaigns in coop mode with friends. I am not personally into the multiplayer community, but it's out there.There are often complaints from new players that the building mechanics and how everything works are not very transparent. there are tutorials, and many sources on the internet; but it remains a fact that it will take some time to get the ropes of this game. As it is, learning has been and still is a very rewarding process for me. Just do not expect to be able to tackle the campaign immediately, and take good care to make a few functioning designs in the sandbox vehicle constructor first! the youtube channel IreLan gaming has info on many systems, even if some of it is slightly out of date. A small amount of knowledge in the subjects of hydrodynamics and mechanics is advisable (archimedes' law, stability in the water, centers of mass and thrust). The game has a fairly accurate modeling ,so it pays to know how these things work in real life, even if at a ""for dummies"" level.If you are still in doubt; I would suggest checking out fellow Chaos Lord Lathlands from the depths series on youtube. His latest campaign playthrough reflects the current game state, and he should give you a good idea of what the game is like.Cheers from Belgium."
,Recommended,268650,32697457,Posted: 23 June,all,Slabo gaming,"I love this game, and the community is amazing"
76561198077906680,Recommended,268650,25556398,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Yeedo,"+++++Thoroughly enjoyable gameplayCan keep you entertained for hundreds or even thousands of hours (just look at how many hours me and some other reviewers have clocked)Hundreds of blocks to build with, from sails and harpoons to ion thrusters and particle cannonsHuge variety of possible vehicles:Lots of different weapon types, many with incredible levels of customisability, for example the 'Advanced Custom Cannons' are built as a complex multiblock from ~15 different components, and then on top of that you can design the shells from scratch, with something like 30 different parts to choose fromPlenty of different propulsion systems to suit your needs, whatever they may bePretty much every major component from engines to AI controllers to weapon systems is a complex multiblock, giving you the power to adapt it to fit whatever requirements you may have; engines, for example can be built in infinitely many shapes and sizes and depending on which blocks you use (mainly carburettors vs fuel injectors) you can change its attributes, so it can be powerful, fuel-efficient or cool-runningYou can even program your vehicles and missiles with LuaThere are lots of cosmetic options as well, with several different main building blocks, including wood, metal, lightweight alloy and heavy armour, and in addition you have 100000000 different colours to choose fromThere are many difficulty options so you can make it as easy or as challenging as you likeThe devs (although most of the work is done by one guy, known henceforth as 'Nick') are, friendly, helpful and hard-working, and most importantly perhaps,communicate very regularly with the community; Nick has made, at the time of writing this, 13,706 posts on the forums, with many of these being bugfixing-relatedEDIT:Nick has been very quiet as of late during a Unity 5 portThe level of involvement with the community is demonstrated by most, if not all of the built-in designs (particularly Neter's factions' designs) being built by community members (although the distinction between devs and community is far from clear-cut)The community is also very friendly and helpful, much more so than any other gaming community I have seenThe game has been in active development for yearsIt seems fairly well-optimised, although it's not hard to make it laggy if you try, due to intensive physics calculations among other thingsThe sea and sky can look quite pretty, with realistic-looking waves, clouds and weather, and many different possible coloursThe particle effects now look beautifulThere is a highly-functional map editor so that you can make 'custom campaigns', with a huge number of options and customisation, including custom weather systemsThe built in campaigns, along with the story missions and 'adventure mode' provide thousands of hours of quality content, ranging from missions where you play as a member of one of Neter's factions to a realistic WW2 campaignVery reasonably priced considering the amount of work that has gone into thisLong and detailed in-game tutorials, supplemented by helpful threads on the forum by community members, and almost instant access to advice on the DiscordProbably lots of other stuff I forgot=====I hope you don't mind seagullsThe spelling and grammar is truly shockingThe AIs which control your vehicles are multipurpose for anything you build from space fighters to dreadnoughts, but they are pretty derpy and will happily shoot when a friendly ship is in the way and when using many vehicles on one team it is well known for its clusterfu.cking habitsThe spelling and grammar is truly shocking-----The terrain looks pretty 'meh' up close, since it is just one of a handful of textures tiled across the map (that said, it is fairly subtle, so it doesn't really give you eye-cancer)Multiplayer is very buggy and lacking in features, so I've personally never used it (and most people I know haven't either), and you'd be ill-advised to go in expecting a lively multiplayer experienceThe game can feel a little buggy in the wake of big updatesNick is mainly working on another game at the moment, but the other devs are still very much involved in FTD (although progress is slow, there is abigbalance and content update coming soon (TM)This game isHARD.It will take a long time to get past the steep learning curve, although there are plently of in-game tutorials and external guides to help you along the way. The main thing to be aware of is if you rush into the Neter campaign on higher difficulties the moment you have learned the controls, youwilllose, most likely spectacularly. Take it slowly, and you will find it much more rewarding.If you steer clear of games like Kerbal Space Program due to their high level of difficulty, or if you have very limited free time, this game may not be for you; it will take a long time to get good at this game, and you will suffer failure many times, but if you perservere it will be an experience like no other.Overall Score:10/10My all-time favourite game and a shining example of how game development should be done."
76561198082137578,Recommended,268650,32814352,Posted: 26 June,all,Mister Smithy,"A strategy gamer's wet dream, this game is a delightful mix of RTS and build-a-craft. The construction may be voxel based but is extremely deep and complex, so much so that even youtubers who post videos about this game haven't unravelled all of this games secrets."
76561198053787103,Recommended,268650,32522391,Posted: 17 June,all,Falcon,Is better then vodka is better then sex is better then life itself
,Recommended,268650,32737527,Posted: 24 June,all,Connorforce,"Not easy to learn, not easy to master, but if you spend a month learning everything like I did, then you'll be able to create anything you want. If your PC can handle it."
76561198236457982,Recommended,268650,33089272,Posted: 1 July,all,gasperura,this is the best game ever
,Recommended,268650,33098066,Posted: 1 July,all,Versalite,Minecraft on steroids. (Less survival)
76561198083090977,Recommended,268650,33088470,Posted: 1 July,all,ⓖ🅞𝕟ɘ,"a VERY complicated game (im still learning .-.) but when you get to grips with what you are doing it becomes a fun game which at some times is puzzling and difficult because of tought enemies, it does not just throw the toughest enemies it can at you, you choose what enemies it throws at you (more or less).i love this game.there are youtubers such as lathland that play the game aswell, you should check them out.anyway this is a fucn game that you dont choose a chassis then put guns on it, you build the chassis then build the guns on to it; you can design a structurally instable fighter jet with a huge cannon or a floating metal box with machine guns.the possibilities are endless."
76561198060969129,Recommended,268650,33071888,Posted: 1 July,all,patfiloteo,"Love the game, a solid mix of building, stratagy and combat"
76561198150890044,Recommended,268650,33062265,Posted: 30 June,all,Xzefir,"It's fine I guess, I still haven't figured it all out yet"
76561198141043413,Recommended,268650,33041203,Posted: 30 June,all,VoidShard,once you put time into it its easy(for first playthrough i suggest downloading ships from the workshop and or stealing faction ships by destroying thier main ai core) after that once you restroy ships and get destroyed you know how and what functions the way that it dos and why it is usefull.
,Recommended,268650,31067764,Posted: 10 April,all,CXScar,"My Hours on record explain themselves, if you're a perfectionist and like to build your own things rather than have to use existing things then this is most definetly the game for you, including very advanced information on pretty much everything, you will be able to get used to its system pretty quick, i highly reccommend using the keyboard based building, while a bit difficult to get used to, once you do you wish all building games had it, or at least i do.CRAM Cannons are easy to understand and its best to build them big and slowADV    Cannons are fast firing and very difficult to understand,get themright though and you will shredMissles are garanteed damage and are best used as a swarm or burst damage sourceLazerz i have close to no experence with, good at anti-missle and anti-shell dutiesNukes THE MOST FUN THING EVER COMBINED with GRAPPLING HOOKS"
,Recommended,268650,33072257,Posted: 1 July,all,kakan,this game is extremly fun when you finally understand how this complicated game works. worth buying!
,Recommended,268650,33153741,Posted: 2 July,all,RoyalReafer,Just an epic game
,Recommended,268650,26408695,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,osc075,good game.very fun .takes a long time though.it is extremely laggy and the multipayer doesn't workstill fun if you figure out what to do
,Recommended,268650,33020962,Posted: 29 June,all,ripperoni pupperoni,"I can't think of any issues wit this. This game will fit your playstyle and it will never get old. Maybe the learning curve is a little bit high, but beginners can still get into it easily enough."
76561197991959229,Recommended,268650,33048694,Posted: 30 June,all,Gessie,"In short:Do you love voxel games? Do other voxel games feel too simple? Do you enjoy spending many diligent hours on a single vehicle design in a game? Would you keep playing when it turns out your vehicle is awful and you have to start over?If so you absolutely have to play From the Depths; it's unique and immensely satisfying. Otherwise, save yourself a headache - and I mean that literally.The Good- 100% unique game thanks to a specific feature: Adding AI to your vehicles. There's nothing like it.- More simultaneous vehicle-based carnage than any other voxel game, limited only by your CPU and patience.- Deep tactical consideration when building and fighting with endless possibilities.- Since the game is a single man's pet project at its core, it will remain in development for an undetermined amount of time. Updates are small but steady.The Neutral-The game's general complexity is a niche. Not good or bad, just really specific. If you don't like math and math-related terms, stay away from this game. It requires mild study to become decent at. On the plus side, you'll learn what a PID-controller is while playing a game.- FtD has beennoticeably optimizedsince its early days, but still lags in many campaign encounters on a high end PC. All voxel games lag.The bad-The UI and aesthetics are bad- indisputably so. It's headache-inducing. The UI literally looks like a toddler designed it, and despite many complaints and examples on the forums, including my own, this was never fixed. You can Google screenshots of the UI; see for yourself. The developer is highly inexperienced in the field of game design - and it shows.-Building, both in terms of the editor and the block functions themselves, is unnecessary cumbersome compared to other games. An extreme example is the LUA-controller block, which allows the player, or volunteer developer, to inject his own LUA code.-Language use in the game is extremely poor.Errors everywhere, poorly written lore and ambiguous descriptions - it's really bad.-The communityis somewhat toxic and poorly managed, including the aforementioned language issues. Many are fiercely fanatical about keeping the game the way it currently is, which is substandard."
76561198035492528,Recommended,268650,32481782,Posted: 16 June,all,dreadme1989,"Have over 100 hours in this game and I'm still not good at making a boat. Super fun and adicting game, I find myself spending hours in the tester / designer just watching ships and other things fight each other. One of the few building games I reccomend these days."
,Recommended,268650,33200431,Posted: 3 July,all,TheLonelyPoptartPriest,"This game is AMAZING. Sure it's still in alpha, and yes- you can tell; but- even at this point- all it really NEEDS is some fine tuning for the various things. That's it. It's already a great game. I regret some of Steam purchases of late, but certainly not this on. As of this review it's on sale for $5.99, which is an absolute steal, and way more than worth it. So get it while it's hot!"
,Recommended,268650,16556148,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,makkara,Good
,Recommended,268650,24589918,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Pedro_the taxi driver,prepare to spend countless hours on figuring out how this game worksi just stick to creative(edit) After 80 hours later i finally understand and this game;s good\
,Recommended,268650,33106488,Posted: 1 July,all,Redpawa,Pros- The most customisability I have ever experienced any game... ever- Built for crashing multiple dreadnoughts into each other for the pwetty explosions- An early access game that hasn't been screwed up!Cons- This game can get fairly slow if your computer is not salvaged from your local UFO- The learning curve is verrry steepOverall OpinionFrom the depths is for you if you like to:- Build excessivly large vehicles for the sake of it- Watch said vehicle get obliterated by something a quater its size
76561198008174967,Recommended,268650,25022736,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Jev,"In my opinion one of the best voxel-based game out there.Especially when you want to get a bit crazy.o You can build pretty much everything you imagine, Tanks, Hovercrafts, Planes, Spacecrafts, and all kind of buildings and so on. Land, Space, Air, Water and Underwater are the locations you can make crafts for.o The design feels very natural, every design decission you make could have benefits or consequences. Every block you place is there for a reason and changes the behavior of your craft.Say you build a ship, that can be destroyed very easily. Then you upgrade your armor, so it wont take as much damage. But higher armor increases your ship costs, weight, speed and other types of damage like emp do now more damage.Dasign is the best part of the game, and it goes deep, really deep, so deep that this the biggest turn off for casual gamers. It took me literally more than 20 hours to undestand how to build a ship, I looked alot of youtube, forums, reddit to get into the game. So this was quite an afford, and I´m still not ""there"", loaded a hovercraft from steam workshop - and literally dont understand how it works, even after 500hours of playing. And even though this sounds bad - it´s not.Thats the point, you can experiment a lot in this game, you start simple, try diffrent things, and in order to check if you understand it, I tend to build minimalistic design to capture the idea of something. Then I move on to the next chapter of block and so on.After you understand some of the game mechanics, you can design really naturally, and everything you want or imagine.You want a laser-drone-swarm ? do it. You want a super-big-laser-satellite as defense? Yeah why not. You want that thing out of the Movie you saw? ok.Weaponsystems go deep to, you can make the any type damage you like. If you want explosions, you get them. I like to make my oponnents look like cheese, shooting thru them so they have more holes then cheese could have. You can build all type of missiles you want. Actually every type of weapon is not ""modable"" but consists out of mods, thats why there are so many diffrent ways you can build and use them.I would recommend this game to everyone who likes designing crafts.Some parts of feel a bit undone and it´s not the most graphic intense game.But it´s the closest thing to this thing you imagined it can do when you played with lego."
,Recommended,268650,33362170,Posted: 7 July,all,StrategicGamer,"Ive only played a little bit of this game myself, but thats only because im very bad at the game. I am still going to recommend it but KEEP IN MIND: you will have to study the game and its physics, as well as read descriptions of items to see what they do. Once you finally do build a boat (or whatever else you are building, the limits are pretty high for Early Access!) there is a high chance it will be destroyed because of a battle, so later on you will have to put turrets on your ship. That works for a while but then an aircraft moving at high speeds will destroy you again! but do not fear because homing missiles can be built to defend yourself. now that whole story/summary is showing how you will have to constantly upgrade and rinse and repeat the previous steps and your ship will NEVER BE PERFECT! thats what i love about this game. It is unforgiving and they dont carry you at ALL. thank you for making this AWESOME GAME!!!!!!"
76561198284983590,Recommended,268650,33337938,Posted: 7 July,all,stop looking at my screen,gr8 m9
76561198352709738,Recommended,268650,33383097,Posted: 8 July,all,[Sir] OddNoob,"amazing depth. what i love most is just how every system scales with the size of the boat, not by lv1,2,3 engine, but by building the engine modularly to exacting specifications. you need to place crankshafts, cylinders, exhausts, turbochargers, all that fun stuff and it is very fun to play with"
,Recommended,268650,33358238,Posted: 7 July,all,marksmanmerc,can't make anything ♥♥♥♥ing good but its fun
76561198084404076,Recommended,268650,33368399,Posted: 8 July,all,Jerryfan271,"From the Depths is the ultimate vehicle-building sandbox game. You can build guns, boats, turrets, configure AI, write AI(in LUA), automate everything, make custom shells, custom lasers, custom cannons(of two kinds), custom jets, prop planes, tanks, land cruisers, it's ridiculous how this game takes customization to a whole other level.That said, initially it can be difficult to wrap your head around the complexity of this game and the dozens of mechanics and systems and how to put things together.Once you do figure out how to play, however, there is endless content. Any kind of ship, or airship you can think of, from missile destroyers and cargo freighters to laser airships and 500mm autocannon battleships and nuclear submarines. There are also land vehicles, which I have played with a lot. While there are no tank treads and the wheels system is (currently) very rudimentary and has bugs, you don't have to worry about sinking or falling out of the sky.For $20 this game is absolutely worth it. I could see myself racking up into the thousands of hours of playtime with this game just building every possible kind of vehicle fulfilling every purpose and then watching them shoot at each other."
76561198239026456,Recommended,268650,33469168,Posted: 11 July,all,hydrobolic,From the depths has three main attributes:Very fun.Very Customizable.Very Time consuming.
,Recommended,268650,33485892,Posted: 12 July,all,Guardian Grimn,Yes.....Just yes.......A mix between a mechanics wet dream and a computer programmers hot date
,Recommended,268650,33303390,Posted: 6 July,all,Ompldob,"After I finished the tutorials, the majority of my 13 hours playing was spent building and optimizing engines, mostley fuel powered ones. I have not even built a boat or plane yet, and I'm having a great time. If you love min/maxing and engineering games in general, buy away."
,Recommended,268650,33423684,Posted: 9 July,all,Knux,"I have a question that pertains to whether you can appreciate the game, and another pertaining to whether you will.Can you hold large amounts of spatial information in focus simultaneously using your mind's eye?Do you use this skill to build and manipulate complex objects in your head for fun?The complexity ceiling is unreal.  So far I've learned how to build engines really well, as well as exactly one shell size of one caliber of one type of gun.  There is still so much left to learn, and an impossible amount left to master, and for this I am endlessly glad.  It is perhaps the best example of emergent gameplay I can think of: an intricate system built on a small number of simple rules.  Learn the rules, learn the implications, learn the interplay, and try not to get a migraine.I'm very proud of my 3-barreled, recoiless, maximum guage, 180 rpm advanced cannon and its refined assortment of 3 shell types.  Now to mount it in an airship and rain down death from above.  Now I need to learn how to build airships.  Here's to another 60 hours!"
76561198095306868,Recommended,268650,33410831,Posted: 9 July,all,Gepizi Rader,Love the combo of creation and destruction!
76561198220349192,Recommended,268650,33415562,Posted: 9 July,all,Eddy Cane,it's a fun game with many steep learning curves
,Recommended,268650,33419229,Posted: 9 July,all,Pelyco,It's a good un. Just join the discord of you have any trouble buliding! Who knows I might be there...
,Recommended,268650,33505798,Posted: 13 July,all,Maxzinus The Night Fury,"Ah~ from the depths, the scale and complexity is truely amazing, want to make a huge♥♥♥♥♥battle ship, go right ahead, or do you nuke it from orbit just to be sure? after all you may fire when ready with your lazers, or missiles, or cannons, or PACS,,, and this amourd and renforced bow isnt just made for looks... RAMMING SPEED! there is NOTHING you cant do in this game if you put the time and effort into it, and work it dost take, if you dont want to spend uptteen hours fiiddeling with a craft, then this isnt the game for you, but if your the one who makes mega sctrues in minecraft, massive temples in terreia and maximize your ship in starbound this youll find yourself at home in the bueatyful sandbox, in which you can mod, want to mess with sliders? you can. want to add X Y or Z? you can. I hope to see craft on the worksho or fourm, happy buliding!"
,Recommended,268650,33563835,Posted: 15 July,all,Wyvern,"Like this game, when I get a itch to engineer something this is the deepest and richest game I knowDevelopment is small, slow, steady and non stop. Very transparent.A early access being made with love  ( and pain for new players. plenty of community guides / tutorials to help )Recommend this game, also recommend looking up gameplay before you purchase."
,Recommended,268650,33547013,Posted: 14 July,all,Patty Bags,"If you are willing to understand complicated building then by all means, get it.If you want to just make crafts and just let out your creativity, then by all means, get itWhy are you still reading my review if you can just go and buy it?Why are you still reading me?STOP READING ME AND JUST BUY THIS GAME ALREADY!"
76561198124252289,Recommended,268650,17669166,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,vanbot2000,"amzing game he learning curve discouraged me a bit but i managed to push through, i do have a suggestion im sure your aware of allow the use of all your CPU cores and since the recent updates missiles have not been working for example i throw down a prefab laser guided missile and i launch it the warhead explodes as soon as i click middle mouse button and it does it with all the missile warheads so at the moment (8/22/2015) missiles are useless and i know im not doing it wrong because i see people on youtube play with missiles all day no problem but me no they simple explode on trigger"
76561198025059382,Not Recommended,268650,17672736,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,GabbaGamma,"Amazing potential, brought down by terrible UI.Induced strong nausea within 10 minutes in the vehicle builder.The fixed scroll speed of the keyboard interface touted within as 'perfected for this game' makes simple construction an exercise in frustration.Uncertain voxel snapping increases inputs.Voxel orientitation is marked using an arrow model fused with the cube, which is useless for reading direction due to blending in with core model.Sound only has Master and Music sliders, no option to change vehicle contruction effects. Fill commands are a neverending hell of clicking.It's Minecraft with a third-person build mode, but the third-person build mode manages to induce alot more nausea than Minecraft's first-person view ever did."
76561197971017284,Recommended,268650,17779182,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,{PhN}Blackmagic,"Awsome game!I You like Minecraft, Space Engineers and the like, You will love this game.I recommend this game!"
76561198007109594,Recommended,268650,17842003,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Normandy,"I got the game 2 days ago and I am having A blast on it, I must say it is very complicated at first.For me the combat was very confusing but once you get the hang of how it all works, this game is a Gem.Maybe not the best of graphics (it's kind of borderlands style)But It's all about the gameplay And I love it PERIOD.been playing Co-Op with a buddy and we are still learning yet having loads of fun !This game will not dissapoint it you are willing to learn !"
76561198049097536,Recommended,268650,17783957,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,PedroFatCat,"This game is awsome! But beware! I have encountered a glitch that makes building difficult when it occors. Sometimes, for no reason what-so-ever you won't be able to place a block! for example: I'm building a sail and in one part of the sail i can't place a sail add-on but right under and obove it i can. It's very annoying but not a reason to not buy the game!"
76561198107346551,Recommended,268650,25597562,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BleedsWhenShot,"This is probably one of the best games you can get on Steam for $20, with the amount of creation available to be had in this masterpeice.  You can build anything in this, no not just the realistic presets of jets, boats, spaceships and whatnot, ANYTHING.Shopping cart? Check.The Cube of Robbaz? Check.[Insert real life boat name here]? Check, especially Boaty McBoatface, and the feels.jpeg.Heck, would even take the gander to say this game has more content than most AAA games, and not even out of Alpha yet."
,Recommended,268650,25625838,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Zerosilence,"Spent 1.8 hours trying to figure out how the engine works! Ended up going the wrong way, still don't have a boat. 11/10 would waste my time again."
,Recommended,268650,25675102,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,chickens1233,Pretty fun game. Very immersive with the ability to create whatever you want to.
76561198187453629,Recommended,268650,25637079,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,HighwayBullet,an amazing sanbox naval building game with alot to do even though there is a large learning curve it is totally worth it
,Recommended,268650,25657458,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Vicky(Klafsen),If you are creative and have the time/patience to learn the game it's great!Since it's still in early access it will get better over time and it's worth the money right now.
76561198067099351,Recommended,268650,25880749,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,CplJohnson,"Love it's technical nature, I spend so much time crafting a well rounded vehical for the campaigns that I almost forget to launch the campaign itself. Ultimately create a war machine of your own device and pit it against others but be wary the enemy grows tougher from the word GO."
76561198091750757,Recommended,268650,25878123,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,jaytx123,"While the controls are very difficult to get used to, once you get the hang of it, the world is on your hands. This game lets you build ships and planes in your wildest dreams, if you can dream it, you can more than likely build it."
76561198195552263,Recommended,268650,26060303,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Aidan C-137,this game is good but very hard to leadrn i still have not been to beable to play this game eazly this is very hard
76561198022003762,Recommended,268650,26047107,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DragonDave,I like it make anything you wont but remember all button art hard sometime.
76561198226321412,Recommended,268650,21245716,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Tasader,its just great. mods make the game 100x as good too.
,Recommended,268650,25989679,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Crow,"If you like to build, and build a lot, then this game is for you, minecraft has nothing on this game, build Ai systems to control weapons, detect and flight systems, to control just about every thing, man the ships yourself or build Ais to control and do your bidding, customize the shells your guns fire, missiles you fire off, build ships that fly in the air, cut through water on it or under it, you can even build space ships, build modular weapons, figure out the best combinations for the most damage, fire rate or accuracy, there is recoil, over heating, balancing, weight, vulnerable key parts to protect, shields, multiple block types the defend better against different types of weapons EMPs to knock out systems, multiple ways to propel your ships, the list goes on and on, I'd play this over minecraft any day."
76561198180715303,Recommended,268650,25964504,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Chris,"From the depthsYeah this is a great game! A more mature version of Robocraft. I have played both games and this one comes out on top by a longshot. It has plane warfare, ship warfare, airship warfare, spaceship warfare, submarine warfare, tank warfare and any other warfare you can think of! BUT BEWARE: this game is very complicated to begin with. You need to learn how to make cannons, AI, Engines and many other components. It gets easier with multiplayer though.. You can have 12 players online helping you to complete the campaign if you are stuck. work with your friends to make life easy! there are many other components to this game that I will not talk about because I have limmited time right now!"
,Recommended,268650,26010317,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,AgVargr,"Simply the best building game I've ever playedI would say the worst aspect of the game at the time of writing this is the audio and tutorial.The audio is subpar, the music is nothing special, and the sound effects are glitchy. I usually just mute the game and listen to other stuff.The tutorial could be better, much better in fact. At the time of writing this, it feels rushed and you end up not learning much from it, which is a fatal flaw for a game with this complex. I would suggest putting the player through a series of story driven missions and ease them through the learning curve"
76561198048416278,Recommended,268650,26007673,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,curtis1227,"From the Depths is an awesome game.The learning curve seems to be high when you first look at it, but you can actually get the hang of it quickly enough and the process is enjoyable.Once you know how to play the game, it's extremely fun. I can't wait till multiplayer is well-implemented."
76561198109731287,Recommended,268650,30872766,Posted: 1 April,all,Kamchatka,"This game is incredibleThe sheer detail is staggering, the multiplayer Co-Op campaign is brilliant and I will never be able to unleash it's full potential, which is sad"
76561198050667465,Recommended,268650,27397925,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mrmudman,"This is one of the best - if not the best - sandbox building games that I have come across. I only have one problem, it doesn't just have a learning curve, it has a learning cliff."
76561198203877836,Recommended,268650,27497733,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DEL,rlly fun game can be complicated bur so much fun. When you finish your battleship or plane or submarine you feel rlly satisfied seeing the machine do what you whant it to do so defenitily a good game
,Recommended,268650,27510477,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,idleisidle,One word: Amazing.
,Recommended,268650,27489971,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dapebble3,good game challenging at first but really fun once you know how to play.
59590123499011899,Recommended,268650,27537362,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Microsoft Powerpoint™,"The Best Building Game, ever?A few interface issues aside, if you like voxel building games and strategy of any kind than you will enjoy this. The amount of content in this game is good for the price tag (which I have seen go down to £5.99), and development continues, meaning you will get frequent updates.A steep learning curve and well-made opponents with provide you with ample challenge, if you manage to push through these challenges you will have a great time."
76561197961782880,Recommended,268650,27460926,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blaatbot,"This game is costing me way too many hours. Very addicting for people who like designing verhicles with blocks reminiscent of Minecraft except much more complex. I dont remember having this much fun with such a simple looking game.It includes a Steam workshop with many blueprints uploaded by other people to use or get inspired by. If you are new to this kind of game I recommend following the tutorial to teach you the basics of designing vehicles yourself, or check out some Youtube video's of other people playing this game. It might feel overwhelming at first but if you stick with it the pay-off feels very rewarding.Just one more tweak I swear!"
76561198014962343,Recommended,268650,23629206,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ninjaPANDA,is good game
76561198218787592,Recommended,268650,23692717,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Not Neven,It's basically minecraft on steroids.
76561198005938294,Recommended,268650,23554341,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Rekaelle,"It takes several hours of gamplay and watching videos to get in and even then you are smacked to face once you get past the first two factions. I began playing before the tutorial existed so I can't tell if it is any good but the learning curve is pretty steep and without friends, forums and videos telling you how the basic things work you may get frustrated. Once you know the basics and have some understanding of the logic the game follows, you are ready to actually build your first functional vehicle/building/fortress. I've spent hundreds of hours just trying to tweak engines, shield configurations and small caliber advanced cannons which are just sub-parts of functional vehicles.I don't like the Neter campaign too much. It gets boring fast once you have all the basic logistics down and you are the one controlling the pace of battles. It may be because I don't enjoy boarding the enemy vehicles with my character and instead hover and watch as my designs overpower and destroy enemies without losses fight after fight after fight. I know I am using cheese-tactics but I am one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who can't willingly handicap himself during a game (i.e. I won't force myself to not use fast flying laser-equipped space stations outranging enemies while still sniping their AI cores).Glao (??? whatever) campaign is fun. Smaller campaign which you can actually play through in few sessions. Good with friends.With friends this game is fun. Designing is neat. Cooperative design and a bit of rivalry between designs is fun."
,Recommended,268650,23514370,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jingleman,This game is very good at being extremely complex and having a lot of sandbox creativeness. But this means you will have to drench yourself in a gravy boat of tutorial videos and Faqs. If you want a simple sandbox building game you might want to hold back.
76561198213807445,Recommended,268650,23649614,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Clueless,This game is turly enjoyable and i think if you love build em up games this is my # 1 choice.
,Recommended,268650,23649949,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Allyion,"I wrote a review for this game about hmmm... 7 months ago?  My opinion is unchanged.  Between the devs acyualy listening to people. (They even implemented two campaigns from the workshop into thier base game) And actualy working to improve thier game.(updates fairly often adding something new and usefull each time) I saw a few reviews complaining about the new tutorial they implemented. To be honest Ive never played through the tutorial when i first started it did not exist! All they originaly had was some minorly helpfull build guides built in... Never stoped me, all it takes is a little patience and a few looks at the controls and everything complicated has information displayed on the device (Guns Engines Missiles fuel refinerys) that tells you if its working and how well its working. If your haveing trouble with the tutorial i highly reccomend doing two things.  Grab a few pretty looking ships from the workshop. Then have them blow eachother up. Its actualy a good learning experience to pick the winner and examine how its built. Ive hear alot obout clunky controls... meh yea it is rather clunky to control things manualy but generaly your not controling them from your character your doing it from the map or in a overhead view so it dosent affect the overall quality of the game.All in all its a incredible game even though it is unfinished it is fully playable with a little reseach into it and causeing some explosions.   9/10 (allways room for improvement)"
76561197997286970,Recommended,268650,23646831,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Holuden,"I totaly love this game! You can build almost anything. Sadly no small machinery available thus all the structures get real massive scale, but at this pointyou cant place less than 1m armor(metal ERA and stuff) which in real life is quite absurd for vehicles but the scale of the weaponry is comparisonable. For example I have created a massive battleship covered in 4m metal armor from all directions(more on the top) and carrying (among others) 4 500mm rapid fire canons with no recoil. And when I call it rapid fire I mean 2400 shots per second. This hell guns can notaly obliterate almost anything in their range and they are not realy bothered what their enemy is given the massively armoured ship like mine of fast moving and manuvering jet interseptor, the accuracy is quite low and with such fire rate each one of this guns makes the cloud of 0.5m long and 0.5m wide explosive warheads that can destroy anything. Even shields cant affect this wall of shells well due to their mass and quantity half would be thrown away and others would make damage untill the shield is down and well than all of whem would make their damage as it was intended."
,Recommended,268650,21622580,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,- Grievous -,"well, those depths are really depths-ishi don't got any puns for this game, really flooding me"
76561198114284602,Recommended,268650,23609209,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DJ BETA,"Game is good, buy it now.That is all."
76561197977060919,Recommended,268650,23577395,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dave! Yognaut,"If you can build it they will come!Your dream war machines can be made, anything you can imagine it can become reality!!"
,Recommended,268650,23589205,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Janet Lana Farkenburger,it's great fun
,Recommended,268650,23806927,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DerpyTrollGamer,"Very simular to space engineers, but you can build ships, land vehicles, and much more. 11/10"
76561198003299383,Recommended,268650,23805916,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Condray,"One of the steepest learning curves I've ever run accross, but holy heck is it worth it! From recreating WW1/2 battleships to then making that battleship FLY, to building a laser spamming death satellite to conquer the world."
,Recommended,268650,23762100,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MacaroniMatt,takes some time and skill to play. but when you make a ultimite ship ITS WORTH IT and satisfying
76561197968453759,Recommended,268650,23758944,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Matt5639,"One of the few Early Access titles that continues to grow and become a better and better title over time. If you're into building games but like the added complexity and freedom of something like Kerbal Space program this is for you.I keep coming back every few months to see the changes and build something new, keep it up devs!"
76561198259769834,Recommended,268650,23781154,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,nathan.black,The game is good if you prefer voxel of FTD costom keyboard building but if no your out of luck
76561198157597677,Recommended,268650,23772226,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Glarf Bloostick,this is one of the best RTS/ building games ever I cant wait for more content in this game!
76561198259944805,Recommended,268650,23797236,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Colonel.John.R.Wolf(USMC),i love this game but i can't make helicopters that's the only problem with this game but still i give a 100/100 rating it's amusing.!.
76561198079528586,Recommended,268650,23904181,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dman1791,"I've played Space Engineers, StarMade, Robocraft and the like, but From The Depths is by far the most varied and fun of the voxel vehicle construction games. Unlike Space Engineers, you aren't limited to a very narrow group of craft. Unlike StarMade, almost every system is customizable at the build level. Unlike Robocraft, there's no progression walls or hard limitations. You can build ships, submarines, helicopters, airplanes, airships, spacecraft, hover-fortresses, land structures, and recently, tanks. You have choices of multiple different types of armor, you're got heavy, strong, light, buoyant, and even ethereal blocks to work with. There are cannons, mortars, missiles, torpedoes, bombs, rockets, lasers, and even particle accelerator weapons! To top it all off, the building system of the game is the absolute best there is. It's almost entirely keyboard based, allowing quick, efficient construction, along with symmetry and fill tools. The possibilities in this game are truly and utterly endless."
76561198151895546,Recommended,268650,23847678,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,(  ͡°  ͜  ʖ  ͡°  ),"If you want a fully customizable game that specializes in building veichles and guns, and have a lot of time, well, look no further, this is what you need.Also, its probably the only game where you need to go through tutorial."
,Recommended,268650,24191707,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,warturtle99,This is a great game that I am glad to have bot. If you get past all of the tutorials and be pacient with the game you will have so much fun with it.
76561197971115509,Recommended,268650,23906818,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Air Wick,"WARNING: ADDICTIVE. I knew I'd been playing too much when I saw my dog turn his head, and thought it looked like a Two-Way Turret with a Flash Suppressing Snout block on the front. To take my mind off it I went to play some more and refine my latest ship design.This game is incomplete but has a lot to offer already. Getting started is hard. Not because the game is super difficult but there are just so many options and no guidance on how to ramp up on them. There are tutorials, guides, and several different game modes but no clue how to best work through them. I'd hoped for a tutorial campaign that would start with a simple How To Drive a Boat, then go to How To Blow Up Another Boat, and finally How To Build Your Own Boat. Instead, the 'campaign' basically requires you to already be skilled in most aspects of the game.If you can keep trucking long enough to build your first boat, you'll be hooked and dreaming of blocky explosions for a while. I ended up spending many hours in the Vehicle Designer where I could take my time and just spawn in an enemy or two to test things out when I wanted.For an alpha game, it's remarkably stable and decent performance, visuals are fine, and there are many many options for kitting out your vessels. And then blowing things up.Don't miss out. It's worth it."
,Recommended,268650,18915558,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,KnowledgeMan,from the depths?more likefrom the depths
,Recommended,268650,23884456,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Major Missile,"Possibally the best games you can build warmachines in, From the Depths is just amazing.  If you think it is something you can be commited to and keep playing, get it, you will not be sorry.  However, if you think you are not going to like, I wouldn't get it.  The game tells you, ""Science has proven rage-quitting can be reduced by learning how to play,"" and that is completely true.  You have to learn how to build things like engines or else you won't be able to play without losing.  Once you learn the game, it's one of the best experiences you cna have for the sort of thing."
,Recommended,268650,23779175,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mourark,"Ultimate vehicle building sandbox with a powerful interface that has spoilt my enjoyment of similar building games.Developer(s) is constantly interacting with a crazy smart community striving to evolve the game towards a suitably ambitious ideal.Do you:-Like designing creative stuff and getting the huge satisfaction of seeing it ""work""?-Find smart use of force vectors and drag co-efficients interesting?-Enjoy striving to optimize sub components for maximum efficiency vs cost vs space vs etc etc?-Think you might be mildly OCD, ASD, a math person, a wannabe vehicle designer?Then I think this game is for you.P.S.Oh and there is this kind of campaign thing to try with your creations, but most of my 700ish hrs of enjoyment (some portion afk) has been spent experimenting with the huge depth of possibilities in this game ;-)"
76561198082111732,Recommended,268650,23898350,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,greystar2426,"Extremely fun, pumped way too much time into this game. I give several reccomendation."
,Recommended,268650,23910190,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Scott Cheggs,"Has, and continues to suck away a lot of my life, and i am okay with this."
,Recommended,268650,23909222,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SMOKE PURPP,AWESOME GAME
76561198136483459,Recommended,268650,24200458,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,20 Lush Bathbombs,its like space engineers in the sea and air.its also for people who want to feel like the stupidest human beings on earth and hate themselves. make sure you take the uni course on physics and aeronautical engineering before playing the game.
,Recommended,268650,24167760,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Spy The Engineer,"what i liked about the game was that you can build almost anything, the beauty of the game. The only thing i disliked was that it wasn't multiplayer.... Please fix that."
76561198165918010,Recommended,268650,24189812,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,georg,"It's very complex and I recommend watching Gameplay before buying it, or you won't know how to do anything."
,Recommended,268650,24976886,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Havok375,"Tons of cusomization possibilities, lets you get away with crazy rail gun shooting fighter jets or telephone pole sized missile launchers."
,Recommended,268650,24943552,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,The Dog in the Fedora™,It's a great game and it runs good on none gaming computers like mine
,Recommended,268650,24930213,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mads,why cant ducks fly?
,Recommended,268650,24974202,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mister Maow,If you love over complexity and spending hours upon hours building ship that gets pawned in 15 minutes because you built the weapons wrong then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,268650,24949010,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Twitchy Maximus DeCrapolo,like minecraft but with guns......and lasers........and water......and makes me feel dumb.........10/10
76561198169048911,Recommended,268650,24965318,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ToxicGaming,This is a game that takes a lot of time to learn but once you learn it it is definitly worth the money. but make sure you have enough time to play. 10/10If you have played minecraft before you played this game it will be frustraiting.
76561198064671235,Recommended,268650,25007223,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Minotaur1501,Has more depth than NMS. >:)
76561198140993685,Recommended,268650,24944748,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,wizz6rd,Pretty much like any building game.... but with steroids. Lots of them.
76561198022668193,Recommended,268650,26274955,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,inclement.storm,"I think this is one of the best vehicle building games I have played. I spend hours researching and testing out optimal cannon, turret and missile configurations then fitting them on ships.The way you design the ships is very important, you need to make sure the core is well armored, you have redundant weapon systems, your ammo compartment won't take down the entire ship when it eventually blows up. There are multiple weapon systems and multiple defense systems, and they are all important to use.For the cons, I think the biggest one is the UI. I think the only way to honestly describe it is ""unfortunate"" and I'll leave it at that."
76561198089332511,Recommended,268650,19155242,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Colt13.Virus,"The game so far has come a long way from the beginning there are many plans for it such as reactors I don't know about solar energy but it would also be a cool idea there are many weapons in the game so far there are cram cannons, adv cannons, missiles, lasers, simple weapons such as spikes and particle cannons.The game is far from done as it's still in early access over all what needs to be done is improved multiplayer, fix how collision works on spin blocks and turrets and last of all add a few new block shapes."
76561198074039743,Recommended,268650,26422692,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AsbestosFlakes,"I've spent 400 hours on this game and it my not come as a suprise that it is one of my favourite games of all time. In this steal of a game can build anything you want from planes to tanks, oil rigs to battleships. You'll spend hours trying to perfect your fleets trying to find the optimal way to build something. I could be wrong but this game could destroy marriages with how addictive it is. There is one major flaw with this game which could push newer players away from the game and that is the tutorials and the story mode tutorials. They are difficult to understand and it took me a good couple of hours trying to figure out how to place stuff. Once I got, I would say it was easy but it really it wasn't, I had difficulty with shipbuilding and that takes time and practice and sometimes a little consulting of the forums to make sure your doing stuff right."
,Recommended,268650,26063027,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Lizardous,its a very cool game but the new campaign in the game doesn´t work for me because my ship and the enemy ships won´t fight
76561197976543691,Recommended,268650,26243090,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rykmentti,"This game is a perfect time sink for people who like to use their imagination to build and bring their creations to reality and see how they fare against other players creations.In FTD you use building blocks to build almost anything you can imagine and by that, if you are thinking about ships you are right but the level of depth, customization and the game mechanics are way beyond of what you can probably imagine.For example if you are thinking about a turret on a ship, you cannot just ""build"" it. When you are building a turret, You have to decide the amount of loaders, clips, ammo inputs, coolers, recoil dampeners, mantlets, muzzles and so on the turret. This affects the rate of fire, accuracy, barrel cooldown, arc of fire and effective distance. After that you have to armour it too (so the turret you build doesn't explode when someone sneezes at it) which in turn will make the turret heavier making it turn more slowly.Think you're done? Next comes the shell itself. You can actually build real life shells in this game. (APDS and APCR (both Sabot rounds), APHE, HESH, Hollow Point, Squash, HEAT (shaped charge), Flak, EMP) and they actually behave like shells in real life. You can adjust the shell length, how much gunpowder goes into the shell, fuses, and order of the components put it. Also there is a really simple interface for seeing how the components you put in affect the overall performance of the shell, after that its just trial and testing to see how stuff really works. (How the shell reacts to light or heavy armour and shields short of)That said, this game has learning curve considered ""steep"" by most people. I myself thought I learned the basics in about one day then I thought the same thing 3 days later (when I actually ""think"" I learned them) and after about week I think I learned how the game mostly works, it all depends on how much time and effort you are willing to put into this game.This is really scratching the surface but I cannot possibly put everything into this ""small"" review here, so let me just put up couple things why you might want to play this game.1. Want to build up truly your ""own"" ships? Is it a submersible aircraft carrier? Flying battleship? Spaceship? Orbital Ion Cannon Satellite? Crab that chops ships in half? Suicidical nuclear armed sheeps? Almost anything is possible! (there is even a warp engine)2. Want to build replicas of your favorite things from fiction or real life?. Do you have a favorite game/movie/series/anime/real life ship,mecha or fighter you want to build? Build it and see how it fares in the game! You might be suprised of how well it works. What is even better that you can add even more stuff on your favorite thing if you so desire!3. Developers are very active on bugfixes and new content patches, also there is a very active gaming community on the From the Depths forums (both the steam forums and their own) that more than willing to play or help you with your problems.4. I honestly cannot think of many bad things about this game. Well the ""Campaigns"" are very subpar but the developers are focusing on the game mechanics and the building content itself before comitting to the campaigns (which is a good thing in my opinion). AI fighting by itself (moving mostly), is not perfected yet. Aiming, firing and target acquisition work almost perfectly and AI manages to circle around enemy ships but thats it. I use ready-made LUA code myself on all flying ships to control them which works very well.Oh wait there is one thing, one VERY bad thing about this game.After spending some time in this game, you start to think about what to build and how to improve your designs at school or work, where you should be focusing on your studies or working where you just stare at the emptiness while your mind is in overdrive.After that you forget to do all the assigned homework or courses themselves, next thing you notice that you should have gone to bed 6 hours ago and its 4 am in the morning! You could have sworn you just got out of the work.After that your boss calls you in the morning ""where the hell are you?!"" while you have been awake whole night thinking about how to perfect that one design and you in your sleep deprivation mutter ""my boat is sinking, my boat is capsizing, HOW CAN I GET TO NOT SINK OR CAPSIZE?!""Then after that, you find out you don't have a job and after that your teacher sends you an email that you have failed your classes due to being absent.After that, you reject real life altogether and just forget about everything before starting to playing this game ""for real""After that, you realize that living on the social welfare is not so bad.....After that.... you realize....This is...... life."
,Recommended,268650,26314224,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Tolbryn,"If you are looking to build vehicles/war machines, this is the game for you. In comparison to other titles with the same style of gameplay, in from the depths there is much more variety to building a vehicle, but this variety comes with complexity and a big learning curve.If I wanted to describe building a vehicle in this game i would compare it to an animal. You have your different blocks which represent the different cells of the animal. These cells cant do much on their own, but if certain cells are put together in a certain way, they make up an organ which serves a specific purpose, for example the stomach processing food represents the engine processing food. All the different organs in a certain configuration make up the animal which finally represents the complete vehicle.So we can see where the complexity comes from. If we in the game forget to build an engine, then the vehicle doesnt have energy to move. Thats like an animal without the ability to digest food so it cant move. I think you get the idea.If you are willing to spent a lot of time in learning the game you can have tons of fun playing it."
76561198058414119,Recommended,268650,26279924,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Fobin,"Costumizability galoreThat is what From the Depths gives you.With a bunch of different styles of transport, one can make hybrids as wellA bunch of different weapon types, that themselves are extremely customisableYou can even change the evironment, meaning higher lesser air/water drag, higher gravity and moreAnd more stuff such as customisable AILUA can also be usedAnd moreBut that isn't the only thing about this game that makes it great, it's the comprehensive tutorial introduces one very well to the game mechanics ( everything but LUA )So it is very recommendable if you want a sandbox game, where your creations are even usable, and can be clashed against each other in multiplayer ( which works pretty well, but there are sometimes no free lobbies ) , or in the campaign to test your skill in adapting to different enemy types and maybe even winning with a handycap, just through superior design and strategy,DesignandStrategyis what this game boils down to, strategy being slightly less represented.But one can also just have fun with weird designs in the designer."
,Recommended,268650,27745148,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Deatslov,"By far one of the most satisfying and challenging games I have ever played. This game is perfect for the sort of people who have always enjoyed crafting, designing games but wanted more out of them. It perfectly blends design and practicallity when you are required to make a new ship. Its complicated but for those who are willing to invest the time and really dive in, its a treasure trove of great fun.Pros:-Value for money is unbeatable-adds an action aspect to a usually boring scene when it comes to voxel designers-perfect for creative sorts of people who love to see their projects put to good use-great stress reliever, nothing is more satisfying than seeing the ship you have put your heart into obliterate an enemy fleet.-great campaign (Although I rarely play it, spend most of my time in the sandbox)-massive customizabilityCons;-Requires a beast of a computer to run the larger battles-takes a lot of learning to really grasp everything about this game-can be monotinous when fleshing out the hull of a new shipf-still in development so there may be a slight bug here and there (mostly with the ground campaign at this point)TLDR; totally worth it if your into design and building games"
76561198197713285,Recommended,268650,23354851,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,aHunterHengst,Great game for thoes who like chalenging design based games
76561198033825435,Recommended,268650,23337391,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,toanderson,"From the Depths feels to me like Kerbal Space Program meets Mount and Blade. Like KSP, you have super-creative, nearly limitless vehicle design and physics-based gameplay. Like M&B, there are huge epic battles and a sandbox-style campaign where you can conquer your enemies and take over their holdings and such.You can make motorboats, sailboats, planes, tanks, spaceships, submarines, aircraft carriers, helicopters, towers, fortresses, or whatever you want. You can arm them with infrared missiles, laser guided missiles, railguns, explosive shells, old-school cannons, or even a ram. And then you can send them out to fight enemies and see how they perform.This is in a great state for early access. I consider it a totally complete game experience already. It's a little rough around the edges and there are some skeletal features not quite developed yet, but it is definitely continuing to be developed and new stuff is released all the time.The Good:Building your vessels is like playing with legos, and you have total freedom in your creativity.Giant slow-mo explosions.Pretty well balanced for an in-development early access game.Interesting and diverse enemy ship designs.Surprisingly versatile and smart AI system. I usually just let it do the work, and there are tons of stuff you can tweak.Technology levels range from cannons and wooden sailing ships to lasers and spaceships.The Bad:Needs a better tutorial and manual. That said, it makes sense to not spend a lot of time there before you're feature complete, and there are tons of youtube guides out there.Landscape is a little clunky. Islands are oddly lumpy, and there is no life anywhere which is oddly clashing with the lore you can read about the different factions.The Ugly:The in-game lore says I'm a son of a family of fishermen or some such, but I'm clearly this weird robot dude and there are no fish anywhere. Nor any tentacle monsters either, despite the game icon. Are we going to get tentacle monsters in future updates? Because I am totally down with that."
,Recommended,268650,21489058,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Agvv20,"First off, add around 2000 hours on my time. As my friend let me use his account and he owns it, the main reason I bought this game is because of how darn good it is and how it deserves to be bought, The dev updates so often its unbeliveable. He just brought out the advanced cannon update and just a few days after that yet another cannon *Cram cannon* And new shells with it. This is by far one of the best games I have ever played, You can do just about anything! Want to make a flying drone that makes flying drones that makes flying drones till your computer crashes! You can! Want to make a rail gun on a ship so big that when it fires the ship does a 3600? *flipping around ten times* Or do you want to make a rail gun that fires a shell so big that it flings an enemy ship into another enemy ship and watch them crash and explode? Hell yes. Buy this right now, Throw all the money at it. *Also you can request features into the next update via the fourms!* BUY ITEdit: The dev responds to everyone! Best dev team ever! <3"
76561198105379266,Recommended,268650,23418736,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,HydromiTad,I built a ship with 6ft diameter guns. 10/10 would ravage enemy fleets again.Full review here:https://sites.google.com/site/hydromitadssite/review-library/from-the-depths-review
76561198208949539,Recommended,268650,23206446,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,sandman14714,Very good game but it takes a lot of time to learn the basics.
,Recommended,268650,23265608,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,[DSC] Concord,"It's an engineer's ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and has enough possibility to guarantee longevity, even more so with the new addition of mods. Be wary of dubious graphical fidelity (though it is improving) and potential performance issues, although they never ruined my game experience.Developers have kept up with updating this game consistently and comprehensively. If this continues, FtD has every reason to -- with the right support -- grow into a masterpiece."
76561198056441040,Recommended,268650,23045311,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,TBC Wolfi,Nice Community. Frequent Updates. 10/10
76561198246731686,Recommended,268650,28106425,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hippoh,"look, most of these reviews are long so I'll keep it short this game is the best possible combination of minecraft world of warships and the sims"
76561198336848228,Recommended,268650,30975578,Posted: 6 April,all,GeorgeTheQuiet,"Really Makes You ThinkAlthough challenging, the game does well to teach you the basics and you will feel dumb if you thought you didn't need the tutorial, with its' many advanced mechanics that can leave your head scraching.This truely is a game where you learn from previous mistakes and ask yourself ""How do i defend/attack that!"" all the while maintaining your crafts buoyency and center of mass.If you want a stratigic millitary, building game that truely makes you think, look no futher!"
,Recommended,268650,28396109,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Yuri Misaki,"The story of Yuri and FTDI remembered my early days in FTD as a fresh out from the rudementary and confusing tutorial... Struggling myself to understand every single important pieces to make things work. Going so far to mess up making my first Custom Cannon that ended up being a weak gun. I keep trying, trying to build things on my own.. But I coulden't do it because of this learning curve. It doesn't help to the fact that I'm used to another sandbox builder, Simpleplanes that I'm expecting it's going to be like that. But oh I was so wrong...With my computer fighting against me with threats of overheating... I cannot play this game anymore due to overheating.. Fast forward a one year and several months later.. I returned back, feeling fresh with a new rig at my disposal and possibly bored and has nothing to do at the moment. This is when I first witnessed the new changes. The CRAMs and the newer engine mechanics..and so many things... The tutorial got better than what I remember back then...which is good since I learned some things that I could ever hope myself to do.Armed with new knowlage in shipbuilding and stuff. I started to make my knowlage to good use. I started tearing apart preexisting ships to learn how it works.. One of the early ships I've worked on was that little sailbot with a lethal explosive cannon called ""Vanguard"". I've made many ships derived from it. It's not much, but it's a start from what I am already.Time has passed after my first fleet of Vanguard-based ships.. I started working on first airships of the DWG called Atlas. It wasn't fast or anything but I can see the potential for something big... So I equipped it with missile launchers and repositioned the guns from its underbelly. The upgrades was worth the trouble at least.After numerous updates and time in the game fiddling everything I could get my hands on right now. I started to come across some old designs that dates back in the CC era. Some of them were good enough for me that I wish the original makers would start updating it. But time has passed, there's no updates for those ships... Many things factor to that, it could be the original designers are lazy or retired FTD altogether. Or they might've lost their touch in constructing things and forgot how to design. But I cannot let those old designs be lost in the abyss.. Using my experience I've had in fiddling many constructables.I took myself to refit/modernize/overhault the old ships to make it work like originally before. Designs never die, if there's one who has the time to bring them on their former glory so they can see the sunrise again as they set sail.Um...the review...?Ah yes, I got sidetracked over my fond memories.There's many changes throughout the game's updates. From changing weapons to logistical overhaul in newer versions. My opinion about this unified resource which is the hot topic FTD at the moment is kind of a mixed bag. There's that one side of me that wanting it back due to complexity and thinking ahead what to do. And the other side of me that let it go uninterrupted. It's quite strange when you have a steam ship that eats up material that's composed of everything.. Surely the old system of resources might be preferable for steam engines, since you don't need to worry about losing resources if you keep the heat up. But then again... Bringing out your favorite ship, only to be stopped by the ever bothering insufficent metal. So you had to make wooden ships to get over that.I personally don't mind the changes, it's on the developer's will. And saves time to think about logistical problems of managing one type of resources on another as you worry about one kind of resource to worry about. This allows building ships less restictive and less stressful. But the cons for this system is that your precious unified material will get eaten by fuel refineries and high powered steam engines on localized resource.So if you don't like reading through my ramblings, maybe you should get the game like soon. Much better if you got it on sale as always. Don't let the learning curve stop you...once you get deep into the rabbit hole... You'll be addicted before you know it."
76561198083849361,Recommended,268650,21695448,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dr. Lorenzo Von Matterhorn,I absolutely love this game though I would only recommend it if your in for a learning curve. Also it can be very time consuming perfect to kill some time. 10/10
76561198205728736,Recommended,268650,28422426,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,legomanjosh,"From the Depths is down right astonishing, the amount of gameplay you can get out of it is infinate, I have been playing for about 3-4 months a couple times every day and I feel as if I have barely scratched the suface of what you can do. If you want to build a clasic pirateship you can do it, you want to add wings a PID system, and a 500mm space artillerly gun, you can do it, you  want to build the Death Star, easy just use the lasers and change the color to green. This game it one of the best I have ever played and get this, the game is only in Alpha, imagen what it will be like fully complete, or maybe the devs will just keep updating it and making it beter. The game feels more like a $89.99 than just a $20 game. I HIGHLY recomend that you check this game out and support the devs."
,Recommended,268650,28515125,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TheHamburglar72,"This game is one of the most fun games that I have played in a long time. It's gameplay is extremely addicting and satisfying, through it's nearly endless customization options. You can either build your ship from the ground up, or load a prebuilt design by another player and sail the high seas to your heart's content. While this game is fun once you learn how to play it, it is very complex and requires time and patience to learn how the game works and all the keys to do everything. In addition, make sure your CPU is well equipped to handle this extremely physics heavy game. Hopefully the developers will create some form of update that improves overall performance, but it is currently playable as long as you use lower settings for larger ships such as the HMS Pilkington or HMS Ragnarok by Robbaz. Overall, From the Depths is a difficult, but rewarding/addicting game that is well worth it's asking price. I look foward to future updates and hope that this game will recieve the attention and praise it so rightfully deserves. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,268650,28087893,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,dzlockhead,"Easily one of the most confusing games you could possibly play, but if strategy, desiging your own weapons, sailing your own ship, flying a plain, airship, tank, helicopter, or floating fortress, appeals to you, give it a shot. After 80 hours, I am still learning. This game has a learning curve about as steep as a brick wall. Once you break through it and start rising From the Depths, you really can create wonderous designs. I am just starting to build some good ships. You might learn this overnight, but it will take much, much longer to master. Updates aren't rapid but they are full of changes.  This is definitely an amazing game"
,Recommended,268650,28088144,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Quaaraaq,Easlily the best building game I've ever played.
,Recommended,268650,28109896,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,rkbeta125,"Really interesting game to play, with strategy elements and building. Requires a good PC to get the full experience from the game"
,Recommended,268650,24345463,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,FancyMelon,"10/10 would fire twelve nukes to blow up a base again. Seriously though, I'd give the game a 9/10. The dynamics are very well built, and over all the engine is very good, but from time to time, I would spawn in an aircraft like the Dromaeo helicopter, a built in one, with a promise it would fly, and some reason it wouldn't fly at all. It's simply stuck in the water. Nonetheless, besides that I have had no issues about the game. I love it! (I did actually shoot the nukes c:)EDIT: Hold up a moment. It didn't fly because my computer wasn't the best. If your computer doesn't run the game very smoothly, expect the engine to flop around a little."
,Recommended,268650,28339794,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,"e~!<r""""r{|_o{}\_r- ~","Really great game and god damn I see the work shop everyone is building replicas and huge bb type ships and I'm sitting here building bricks that fend off most attackers if lightly armed but heavily armored. cause missles.Pros of the game:Really great replayabillity. Super fun and can incite hours of laughter between you and your friend.Great content and lots of it as well.I've sunk 310.3 hours into this game i want to sink more in.Cons of the game:Literal learning wall, its not even a curve.Pretty hard to get the hang of.Even worse to build something that actually functions.Some ships are kinda op somewhat but there are workarounds and counters.All in all, I would reccomend. Its a really great game and its even better with friends."
,Recommended,268650,28323278,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,KwentiN,"The game is simply amazing, it's soaddictive!"
76561198096413603,Recommended,268650,25139258,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Bobmcboberson,"Very good building mechanics and many things that you can build. I have enjoyed every minute of this game (mostly building ships) but the physics are not very refined, but this problem is bareable."
76561198119621644,Recommended,268650,22288982,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Chrispins,Very Goood
76561198040181379,Recommended,268650,22232479,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,BigBombR,"Building things and blowing them up, two of my favourite things!"
76561198038088653,Recommended,268650,22276362,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Nianor Skywolf,"This game is awesome. It's a comprehensive mix of strategy and sandbox elements, and the sheer flexibility and lack of limits will eventually push every player to create something truly ridiculous, be it a cannon with a 100m long barrel, a massive laser system capable of wiping out entire waves of missiles, or a mothership that builds miniships faster than they can be destroyed."
76561198071684430,Recommended,268650,22277123,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Zelfor,"From the Depths is an incredibly detailed construction based RTS, essentialy. You build whatever your mind can come up with, optimize designs, iterate, and then conquer the world!I had to uninstall it.It's far too easy to lose several hours to being immersed in tuning your laser based anti-missile system, much less all the other countless things you can spend time on just tweaking.Highly recommend, but not if you want to have a life."
76561198091961728,Recommended,268650,21557401,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Special_ed_82,. I pay THE 20$ AND AFTER SEVERAL HOUR THE COMPUTER I WAS ON FROZE UP SO I WENT ONTO ANOTHER COPMUTER IN THE CYBER CAFE ONLY TO FIND OUT ID HAVE TO RE-PURCHASE IT
,Recommended,268650,24245881,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LegitMashedPotatz,very fun and very complex
76561198267558829,Recommended,268650,24246508,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ggmannubb,it did not start... but 10/10 gameplay
76561198017565499,Recommended,268650,24258456,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,The Fod,"Whilst people may compare it to Minecraft intitially - and the art style is similar, my experience with the game make me think it's more comparable to kerbal space program and/or space engineer.It features several campaigns where it plays like a naval RTS - you gather resources, build units and attack NPC factions to expand territory, the usual stuff.Where this game differs is that you can (if you want to) design all of your units from the ground up - this means you can design literally everything on the vehicle, form the engine, to the guns, to it's AI behaviour.This gives the game a very steep learning curve - but there are, like Kerbal Space Program, many good tutorial videos on youtube, an in game tutorial, and if all else fails, steam workshop support if you want to copy & paste in a certain system that someone else has desgined (this is very handy for guns and engines especially).Overall it's very complex and kinda hard to get into, but once you do it's really satisfying in a siminlar manner to Kerbal."
76561198048130796,Recommended,268650,24217470,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jerome Jackson Blackson,I dare you to find a serious positive review for this video game that doesn't say something about a learning curve. I dare you.
76561198071627966,Recommended,268650,24254023,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,FourGreenFields,"Great game.As others have said, there is a learning curve. Tutorials are good though, and the community tends to help too.Physics are ok. Not terribly realistic, but enough to have the player think (i.e. ships may capsize if built wrong). Definitly sufficient, considering this game focusses on combat.No weapon is ""OP"", but most are able to fullfill nearly every possible role, so you don'tneedto use lasers, cannons, particle cannons, etc. (which can be an advantage if you want to build WWII-style battleships, or giant laser-armed spaceships).Development isn't terribly fast, but steady, and I couldn't name anything that's a step back from the way it was before.9.5/10"
76561198126259700,Recommended,268650,24254025,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,gkoebler,"If you liked Lego as a kid, this Game is for you, you can build pretty much everything.Pretty much the perfect early access game, I have only experienced a few minor bugs in my playing time, Additionally, severe bugs are fixed quickly. Im looking forward to the future of this Game.The only thing you need is patience and time to learn this complex game, its worth it on the long run though."
76561198106549122,Recommended,268650,23526591,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ALIBAH'S SNAKBAH,"This is a well put together game for it being in ALPHA. I'll make this quick and easy to view:9/10 - Great replay value - Great sandbox - Price is appropriate IMOEdit: When your first vehicle functions 10/10 =)Pros:- Controls are good (keyboard based). Many are complaining about controls but I find they are well done. Keyboard based controls have a rough learning curve but after a few hours it becomes second nature.- Building is very detailed compared to other sandbox games.- This is a very challenging game. (if your into that)- The devs don't hold your hand and instead guide you in the right direction to allow you to make your own  decisions/think for yourself.- Graphics are good.. They give off a Borderlands kind of look.Cons:- Steep learning curve. Requiring you to actually research and learn the game for the first 10 hrs+ (honestly doesn't bother me.. with complexity comes difficulty and I'm ok with that.)- If you do not like to read and comprehend steps, some of the tutorial missions will ave you pulling your hair out. (although the engine repair one needs a better step system like the cannon builders ect.)- There are a few graphical issues nothing game breaking though. (very good for a Alpha)I guess I'll just come out and say it... If your a moron, short attention span or a child.. this game is not for you.. don't buy it.. you will not enjoy."
,Recommended,268650,28433777,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,David Duchovnotgayifitsduchovnay,"43 hours, and I still don't know how to build a gun. 10/10 ign"
76561198046790907,Recommended,268650,28471759,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ninjaneer,I recomend this game becuase its a stragety game fore me becuase you need certian componets to counter a wepon and the complexty in the game even tho its roguh at the start but once you learn the basics its starts to become fun
,Recommended,268650,30920747,Posted: 3 April,all,6dwavenminer,"In many ways this is a two in one game, there's the vehicle design aspect and the RTS aspect.Vehicle design aspect:This part of the game is an engineers paradise with ability to customise and alter almost anything within a complex physics engine. That's right, if you place a backwards facing propeller at the rear of your ship, starboard of the centre of mass, the ship will not only go toward, but will also turn port. But don't worry if it seems too overwhelming at first, the game does a good job of allowing you to figure out one thing at a time with the assistance of a few tutorials.The combination of these two features, the customisability with the complexity of the physics engine really forces you to think and plan, but at the end you can come up with some truly spectacular designs in both form and function.But if you don't want to bother with that, don't worry there are plenty of brilliant design already available on the steam workshop.RTS aspect:The maps in FTD completely dwarf those of many other RTS's and game is essentially taking and defending resources zones while building, repairing and even resupplying your own military forces over land sea, air and even space.Now how you do this is completely up to you, remember you can fully customise your units, so if you want to Zerg rush your enemies with swarms of small cheap units, go ahead!Or perhaps you build to slowly build a giant mother-ship to destroy all in its way, then go do it!In the end, the game maybe hard to master, but with anything you do, you can do it your way!"
,Recommended,268650,26542921,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Thomas Jefferson,"Before I give my rating, let me give you a slight background on my early experience with FtD:I watched a few game-play videos on YouTube, which depicted some fairly epic creations and battles. I then purchased it for my Brother, since it was on his wishlist. He played for only a few hours before he realized that he could not build anything that works. His statement to me about his experience was that it was way too complicated. Both of our interest stopped there for about 6 months.I then started to watch more videos of game-play. After watching Robbaz work on some of his creations, I finally bit the bullet and purchased it for myself. Right away, I spent a few hours going through the tutorials before I even opened the sandbox building mode. I can only say that without the tutorials, I would have given up like my Brother did. Even after completing all of the tutorials, I was still overwhelmed by the potential for complexity, especially with the weapons systems.Like all things in life, talent comes with experience. I eventually made some larger ships with complete weapons systems, and even a reasonably successful personal submarine. I have yet to create an aircraft or airship, but that will also come in time. The point is to not be discouraged by the complexity of building in this game. Not only can you download other creations in the workshop, it's very much worth spending the time to learn all the ins and outs of the building system.With that bit of info, I can definitely give this game a good review:The seemingly complex building system is actually a strong supporting feature of this game. It encourages the player to engineer something, and learn from the weakness of their creation.The game world can seem empty sometimes. I wish there was an actual trade system where you could trade and sell stuff with your allies.The AI in game is improving, but also still lacking. It will get better over time. The faction relations don't affect you much, except for who you're at war with.The ship AI systems are fairly new, and they're too simple to think much on their own (some ships crash into each other during battle, path-finding can be buggy, etc.). The weapon system AIs are okay. Their targeting system works, especially not that they have detection systems.Battles, once you understand how the system works, can be very satisfying. There isn't really any way to cheat, except for building a massive super-ship. If you lose, that's it. You have to rebuild your ships (from blueprints) and hope the enemy doesn't knock out your bases before you can recover.Development support is a little slow, but all the updates that I have seen have been fantastic. The small dev team listens to the community, while keeping to their original vision.The graphics aren't next gen, but they get a slight improvement every now and then. I'm not sure what the devs plans are for graphics, but it's more than playable. While this game is NOT about the graphics, I hope the devs put a little more effort to make it ""beautiful"", after it's feature-complete.Overall, this game is a 8.5/10. It's in development, so I expect that to be even higher down the road. While it is still in EA, you are very likely to get many hundreds of hours of enjoyment, especially as new features are introduced. I can say this for sure: If you like the idea of naval battles, the FtD is for you!"
,Recommended,268650,26965734,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Captain_Kronos,"Very fun game. I love the physics engine and the music. Gameplay is awesome. My only 2 gripes are the destruction engine and the learning curve. Other than that, very solid sandbox gameplay. One question: why are the islands in the ocean campaign so stable and yet the land in the land campaign are not very stable at all. All in all, my review has to be a 5/5. This is extremely rare occasion, and Brilliant Skies should be proud to receive such a gift."
,Recommended,268650,21493102,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Prinzessin Eugen,"One of the best, if not, the best sandbox game out there. Hours of time must be poured into this game just to learn it, and mastering it will takes hundreds due to the fact that everything is customizable. Whether be it your Fuel Engines, Steam Engiines, Cannons, Missles, Torpedoes, Lasers, and much more. The game is also ran by a team of developers that has no objections onto what the community is asking for, plus the community of this game is one of the best out there since they actually help you and give you advise on what your craft should properly do and don't. Overall, this game will take your time and convert it to fun that you always want with sandbox games."
,Recommended,268650,26910419,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SpaceyMan,One of the best building games out there. The level of complexity means you can spend so long on one build that you forget what you were trying to build in the first place.
,Recommended,268650,26928456,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[3rduk] Bemused Penguin,One of the most satisfying things on steam is watching an enemy craft get obliterated by the colossal battleship that you hand built bit by bit :p
76561198078780096,Recommended,268650,26880105,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zweilicht,"Day 1: Build a raft of wood, be proud of yourself you made something float.Day 2: Motorize the boat to give it propulsion, take a casual ride around the sea and seek more things.Day 3: Place a cannon on the boat, spawn an enemy AI ship, be destroyed instantly.Day 4: Add armor plating, make the ship larger, place a second cannon, now a fair fight with the AI.Day 5: Spawn more AI, get killed, repeat step 4.Day 10: Warship created, invincible until you learn of enemy aircraft.Day 31: Created a large naval base to build and repair your entire fleet of warships.Day 50: Learn how to custom program your AI for better effiency.Day 55: Take to the sky.Day 100: Build the MAC cannon on a space station and rule the world."
76561198203998583,Recommended,268650,26891400,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brutus,"Do you like ships, designing your own ships, cannons, missiles, lasers, planes and drones; keeping physics in mind and optimizing your designs?Yes?I have good news for you.You are in the right place."
,Recommended,268650,26871276,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,K9_delta,"Plenty of customization, nice physics and some super khool features.But for now, it is still kind of empty. There isnt much to do as of yet with your stupidly ridiculous creations besides some campaign and story, but i expect that to be added further into the game's developement"
,Recommended,268650,25273813,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ƧρøøƘУ,"Better than space engineers, you don't have to worry about rotor mounted weapons making your ship go batshit crazy."
76561198206856163,Recommended,268650,26539680,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,KayooPlayz,"VERY, VERY good game. I've played this game about 1 year now. I have not run into a bug. Can water come into your ship when there is a hoe in stead of having constant water flowing in my boat. This is also annoying in a submarine. Still 5 stars!"
76561198169880417,Recommended,268650,26490754,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Hoop,Really fun
76561198137356301,Not Recommended,268650,17183326,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Demonzblood45,i cant ♥♥♥♥in return it. and its hard as ♥♥♥♥ to build anything then boats
76561198073931344,Recommended,268650,17209207,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Funkyman8887,"I find the game fun, creative and entertaining. There are many brilliant designs on the steam workshop and the awesome battles just make the game better. The campaign can be difficult, especially if you are not careful with resources and do not bother with the diplomacy menu (you are enemies with a faction from the start).You can upgrade the character using points from levels which I find very interesting. I would not think that would exist in a game like this but it does and thhe devs have done it well. It is unfinished as some 'attributes' are not implemented but the weapons and skills can come in good use very quickly.Missiles, cannons and lasers are HIGHLY customisable. You can make missiles a certain length and make parts of a missile funtion differently. e.g. Make it 4 blocks long with a thruster, fuel tank, heat seeker and emp to make a small, heatseeking emp missile. You can create giant lasers with an advanced AI to shoot lasers from high up into space (Yes, there is a point high up in the air where you can place a craft and it will float without going up or down unless you use thrusters or push it.)You can create your own cannons to shoot down aircraft or act as a giant anti-ship gun. Or if you don't have much space/ don't know how to work these things you can use the simple weapons. Just one click and then you have a small missile/ laser/ cannon/ torpedo.The heartstones can be a bit of a pain in missions so do NOT bother with it in the campaign. The player has a limited 'charge' and the heartstones fill that up to keep the player alive. Unless you want to play the game in a restricted way do not enable these. Not enabling these will also make boarding and capturing ships a lot easier (only to be scrapped using the scrapper and the resources going to be used for a bigger 'project').Apart from the steep learning curve and complicated controls that are a bit hard to learn then all I have to say is...BUY THIS GAME(P.S. get a good CPU. The game can be demanding in huge battles or even just having one large ship.. Also some things can be very complicated and confusing just to try to get it to work.)"
,Recommended,268650,17215483,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,The Nematodes,"Submarines? Yep. Fighter jet? Yes, Battleship? Of course! Missile platform with mega sheilds that launches 58 missiles that you customized yourself? yes. Mothership that builds bombers and launches hundreds of hot air balloon laser defense systems while at the same time it can transfer between being a ship and a floating fortress? You can do that. Not to mention the open world campaign where you destroy 8 other factions in tremendous battles of 40 ships or more. The game will purposly move to slow motion to preserve frames and keep it from bugging out. You'll see why when you get there. This is the greatest battle game I have ever played."
76561198005689045,Recommended,268650,17916916,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,bierniem,it's goodtarded
76561198112475849,Recommended,268650,17917240,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,dixoniii,really fun but man i havent made a good ship yet still nead to learn a bit more
,Recommended,268650,17935827,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Areadbhair,"This game is so full of such epicly fun destruction, I wish I had a gaming tower so I could make BIGGER stuff!"
76561198086998440,Recommended,268650,17638204,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Badlands,"this is an epic game and i recomend it fully.however be warned, it is mega complex and lacks solid tutorials at this point.once you have spen a couple of hours learning how the game works it will become one of the best (if not the best) building game you have ever, ever seen"
76561198004350245,Recommended,268650,27235242,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bofipreat,Its like skyrim with ships
76561198027321845,Recommended,268650,27215427,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Black Cube,It really is an awesome Game. The possibilities are almost endless and the Dev listens to the players and regularly updates the game. what else is there to wish for?
,Recommended,268650,23391369,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,The Legendary Tibs,What the f*ck am i doing?
76561198138563994,Recommended,268650,28736839,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MizarLuke,"FtD is easily my favorite game, 10/10. The only problems are lag and complexity, I don't have too much trouble with lag if I keep battles under 40 or so thousand blocks, max is 50k. The complexity is difficult at first, but I absolutely love it later on. I have used all the weapons but lasers recently, due to the fact that they use alot of power and who actually wants to use fuel? the multiplayer is a bit glitchy and laggy, and some things are a bit hard to do without great skill in the game, but that is with using very hard difficulty settings. I recommend it to anyone who likes strategy and design."
76561198077927120,Recommended,268650,28719595,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Olympus,"An incredibly in-depth game (no pun intended), with an entire armada of self-designed ships at your fingertips. A truly relaxing, yet exciting game. I definitely recommend it!"
76561198021261656,Recommended,268650,28678626,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,strutman12345,"I had a lot of fun playing this game, it's a great time sink. The Vehicle design is incredibly in depth. Id say theres a notable learning curve but there's many tutorial videos to help with that. The only thing is that the campaign could use some polish, but since its in early access that's pretty acceptable. As it stands its worth buying and playing Id highly recommend."
,Recommended,268650,28672806,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Toddymeister,I find this game rather interesting and it seems full of content and ideas. It is most definitely worth a 5 out of 5.
,Recommended,268650,28631481,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tialdo M O'Neill,"Great voxel building, hard fighting, and good design. The only thing though I would say is 'wrong' with the game is you cannot delete the in game folders you make, or rename them, which can lead to very, very messy organization of the constructables."
76561198254835367,Recommended,268650,28644938,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Blue Hemlock,"I've somehow spent more time on this than skyrim, and 90% just in vehicle designer.There is an odd allure to wasting away in front of your computer as you make enormous battleships and later throw them away."
76561198025453843,Recommended,268650,28619472,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pox,"great vehicle building game, dev is active, and the community is good. ggwp"
76561198021912454,Recommended,268650,28811953,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,General Noor,There is a steep learning curve because of all the design and physics modeling but it's ver satisfying when your craft design works.
,Not Recommended,268650,17731069,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Kittylegends42,i was very patient with this game key word wasthis game it well i saved my campain at least 3 ♥♥♥♥ing times 3 ♥♥♥♥ING TIMES and when i come back to kick some♥♥♥♥♥MY ♥♥♥♥ING SAVES WHERE GONE im ♥♥♥♥ing sick of this games♥♥♥♥♥♥i cant even count how meny times i have had to restart if you want a good game dont buy this peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥it cant even save right the combat is buggy as hell and the ai is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid
,Recommended,268650,28967336,Posted: 2 January,all,KTR-19 Shotgun Surgeon,"If you love to create machines of war, this is game for you, very steep learning curve, building your first boat is a challenge, better yet building your boat with 7 cannons, 5 missle launchers, Naval AI, AI detection, Engines, Ammo.... by trail and error. is fun for you! then go for it! link up in MP, Create anything you can imagine, Tanks, Submarines, Airships, Jets, Cars, Aircarft carriers, Mining Bases... etc etc list goes on!"
