user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,268810,11924786,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Shura,"Well it is not bad, in that I completed it and didn't feel ripped off, there weren't any technical issues.  However there are many other similar and better games on Steam that I wouldn't recommend this one unless you are starting to exhaust Steam's catalogue of hidden object games.It is not scary, there are a couple of jump scares but they don't really affect the scariness of the game.  However I did feel uncomfortable playing this game for the following reasons.The art work in general is very good.  However the character animation during dialogue is really uncanny as it is just large blinking eyes and in the group scene at the beginning strange head tilts.The characters motivation is a bit off, you play as the newest member of the paranormal investigation group, but you are given all of the equipment during the game and sent off to do almost all of the work, so you end up wanting to tell the other members of the team to get up of their backsides and do something. I would understand if you were split from the group or there was some story dynamic to make you do it, but there isn’t. An early exampleis that you have to answer the phone in the back of the car on the way there, even though you are in the front passenger seat and there are four people in the back who are nearer the phone, and are more likely to know the person on the other end.  Assembling an electrical item with the technical expert next to you, because he cannot be bothered?It gets worse.Hidden Object Scenes, not too difficult to implement you would think, but these are the most annoying I have ever played. Using synonyms is ok, half hiding objects are ok, but most of the scenes have objects which require multiple actions to find.  Which is fine but there are a lot of them.  I should mention that the hidden objects appear to be the same in subsequent play throughs. Normally I would expect a scene to have 12-15 hidden objects selected out of database of a greater number of possible objects, sometimes they always include a particular object needed to advance the plot, but there is usually some variation, in this game there isn't any. This is made worse because even when you know two objects work together clicking on one with the other is difficult due to the detection of the game engine, if often doesn’t detect the click unless you click a certain part of the object but this seems to vary, and not in a predictable or intelligent way.The first hidden object scene contains 4 objects out of 12 which require multiple actions; the highest appears to be 6 out of 12. Some of the solutions are nonsensical. It is almost as bad as the famous puzzle in one of the Gabriel Knight games that requires you to place tape over a hole in a fence to chase a cat through, such that hair is stuck to the tape, which you then use to make a fake moustache to disguise yourself as a character that doesn’t have a moustache.This followed through into the other puzzles,melt that substance with a melting point over 1000 degrees C on a campfire ok. Go to great lengths to get a source of light, even though there is an electric work light only feet away etc.Gameplay aside I felt uncomfortable playing the game for three main reasons.1) The game requires you to vandalise and steal items during you investigation at times when there is no urgency. If the game required me to steal a first aid kit to help someone who was dying, I would say fair enough, or break a car window to retrieve a phone to call for the police, well they can just bill me for the window.However the game requires me to steal and cause damage at times in the game when as far as the group is concerned, no one is in immediate danger, or the only reason to break the law is for the benefit of our investigation. Randomly destroy and damage Native American artefacts for no reason because later on you will just happen to need them, take whatever you want even though the owners are not far away, because well who cares.2) Health and safety, running into a burning building to rescue someone, dangerous but necessary. But don't worry; you won’t be doing anything like that.Instead:Instead thrill in the danger of lighting candles so you can see to fill a gas tank, because someone cannot be bothered to go back to the car and get a torch.Damage a building water supply and leave it leaking in a room with the electricity switch on, to clean a mirror to see something in the reflection which you would see by just turning around.3) Native Americans, I don't know much about Native American culture, however it is featured and plays a prominent part of the game. But it all seems very stereotypical, dream catchers - check, Indians wearing fringed buckskin - check, big head dresses - check, totem poles - check. Everything from old cowboy films before laws were brought in to stop white people in makeup playing Native Americans - check. I doubt that all of the Native American symbolism used is genuine, and even with the genuine items, I doubt that any one nation included all of these elements. It would have been less of a problem in a more fantastic setting, but the associated TV show is delivered as a documentary, and the game is set in a real world setting. It made me cringe and I am a white Englishman, so I expect it would really upset actual Native Americans. I just felt that it was all a bit racist, and apart from holding my hand up and saying ""How"", it couldn't have gotten anymore unpleasant.So I would in closing say, the game is not terrible, but almost all of the hidden object games on Steam are better. It is really only for fans of the TV show. Go play something by Artifex Mundi (Developed not just distributed by.) and you will have a better experience for a bit less money."
,Recommended,268810,9801894,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,You Dummies,"TBH, I used to watch this TV show for amusement... the 22 minute per episode format was always edited so that each episode fit as many of the ""token things associated with the paranormal"" as it could into that small timeframe. There were spiritboards, cemetaries under the properties,  demonic possessions, EVPs, thermal readings, exorcisms, etc. Everything that one associates with the paranormal from mythology to spirtuality to gadgetry... all crammed into each 22 minute episode.This game is a lot like that... it's somewhat short (much longer than 22 minutes) and you will experience all of the typical stuff you associate with paranormal research and especially with the show Paranormal State.SPOILERS:At the center is Native American lore, wrapped around the story of ghosts of forbidden lovers, in the midst of a demonic possession (see, I told you this title was like the TV show with a bunch of stuff packed in)... and you can just use your imagination to go from there... you will use dowsing rods, spirit boards, EVP recorders, thermal imaging... all of it... to save the day for the Paranormal State crew.It's mildly entertaining, but don't expect much unless you find amusement of whatever sort in the TV show.Complaint: No Chip Coffey in the game.Highlight: Upon game launch, Ryan Buells eyes blinking creepily at you."
76561198141404871,Recommended,268810,19023445,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,joan4003,"Storyline: A paranormal investigative team led by Ryan Buell is called to Poison Springs state park due to ""hauntings"" after an archeologist uncovers some civil war relics.  Fictional Poison Springs was the scene of a civil war battle where the union soldiers were to sent to stop a supply shipment to the conferate army.  During the course of the investigation, the ghosts of a conferate civil war soldier and a Cherokee girl help guide the team to discover the source of the ""hauntings"".  Of course, the team is also there to stop the ""hauntings"" as well, and they have called in the help of Lorraine Warren, a renown spiritual exocist.First I would like to address various reviews which point out this was made in conjunction with A&E (TV network) about a most likely popular show called ""Paranormal State"".  I have never seen the show or even heard of it before reading the reviews (after I played the game).  So my opinion about this is: fan service, big deal.  Half the anime shows on TV and many games on Steam are fan service.  (Shrug)  The second thing: It seems everyone points out this game is about the paranormal, and they use the word paranormal when stating, in most cases, why they do not like the premise.  Would the word ghosts have been better?  I notice no one complains about ghosts.  My one and only complaint is this arena of real people being depicted in a fan service fictional game is the developers and A&E really should have used the actual real people to do the voices, not voice actors.  It is fan service after all.Gameplay:  This game is more point and click then Hidden Object.  Being a fan service game, it is very simple and meant for a wider and most likely non-gaming or at least non-Hidden Object/ point and click gaming audience.  There is some backtracking and some relatively pointless back and forth movement as the gamer is the ""newest team member"" gets sent to the other team members to get equipment or information.  Also as the newest member the gamer gets all ""the work"".  This game being designed as a nearly interactive game ends up bordering on annoying for someone like me who is a HO junkie.  On one side of that annoyance is team leader Ryan Buell who almost comes off as a jerk by sending his newest member to do all the tasks while he and his team sits about.  Yet on the other side of that annoyance is the gamer is interactive in the investigation and gets to play with all the ""toys"".  I must say playing with all the ""toys"" is actually what made the game for me, as well as the actual real life way the investigation is presented such as research and talking with people.  (Though the gamer is only given that information since other team members are responsible for that.)The gameplay is set up in about 5 scenerios which depending on your point of view may or may not seem out of place or illogical in progression.  Maintaining the investigative spirit while playing makes the progression logical, as facts and information are uncovered by the team and pointed out by the helpful ghosts.Puzzles/Hidden Object scenes:  OOOOH .... I really liked the actual puzzles.  Those were definitely brain twisters and some out-of-box thinking.  Most if I remember correctly were old fashioned logic puzzles, and a couple the hair pulling kind.  The Hidden Objects scenes were easy and solvable in a couple of minutes.Overall: The game was worth the play, and I would rate it family oriented.  Nothing too hard, the premise fair enough and for those who are not into ""paranormal"" just leave ""reality"" at the door and think ghosts instead.  As I said before this is fan service and should be treated as such."
,Recommended,268810,31818149,Posted: 18 May,all,niX,"This was a nice point and click/hidden object game and I'd recommend it to fans of the genre.It has an interesting story and a good mix of puzzles/hidden object scenes where one does not over power the other. This one is also a lot easier than some point and click games, as it does not require you to play all hidden object scenes and solve all puzzles without skipping (you only have to do 10 of each total and complete 3 in a row without skipping). It also doesn't require you to play the game on Expert, so this is a really nice feature for those who want to relax without having to worry about getting all of the achievements, knowing that you can skip a puzzle you don't like or get help with that one item in a hidden object scene that you just can't find! For those of you who might be squimish, this one may appear to be scary, but it's not really. Just a few small jump scares thrown in, to fit with the ""paranormal"" theme. This took me about 3-4 hours to complete, so it isn't a huge time commitment either.Now to move on to some of the cons.  The first of which being that there's no way to fast travel. There's a map, but you can only view it for a hint on where to go next, you must manually go to each area. I also found the clicking to be very finicky, which became very frustrating at times. When trying to select an item out of the inventory to place it somewhere, or combining objects in hidden object scenes... I sometimes had a problem with this. It's like the game didn't understand what I wanted to do until I found the EXACT sweet spot that it wanted me to hit. This caused me to literally have to scan an item and try to place it at every pixel, which is annoying and a waste of my time (plus it makes you feel stupid). The characters are voiced, and the artwork is decent.. but during cutscenes, the characters mouths don't move. Words come out.. but their mouths don't move. I've seen this in other point and click games, but here it feels ridiculously obvious because there's always a close up of the character's face. Lastly, it crashed on me a few times.. or crashed when I tried to exit. Which I found very odd. All of your progress is saved, and so there's no harm here, but this is still a negative point that I have to mention."
,Recommended,268810,23850580,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Serieus,"Great hidden object adventure game.  Some good tough puzzles that had me trying multiple times before I finally was able to solve them.  Though never too tough where you'd be frustrated.  The graphics were perfect, and what you'd expect from this type of game.  The hidden object scenes on the other hand were very tough since many of the scenes required multiple objects to be used to finally get to the item you were looking for.  Personally, I enjoyed the difficulty when compared to other hidden object games that I've played in the past.The story was constantly in your face and didn't take a back seat to the game, however, there was nothing too impressive about the story itself.  Overally, a great game that I would definitely recommend, especially if you're into this type of genre."
76561198274101919,Recommended,268810,32818044,Posted: 26 June,all,Maeglan,I truly recommend this game!- Beautiful graphics and sceneries- Good interesting story- Great voice acting- Various well constructed mini games and HO scenes- AchievementsI recommend it!
,Recommended,268810,23601464,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,GrimmShimmer,"The ""acting"" alone is worth a good laugh. So if you can get this game cheap enough, go for it. Its a decent hidden object game, not great, but I've honestly yet to find one that's actually ""great"". They're all fun, regardless of how cheesey the acting or how bad the graphics.But honestly, this one takes the cake for cheesey acting. Like to the point its become a running joke in my friend group after I shared a screen shot of it.Its bordering ""So bad its good"", but its mostly just laughably bad.Still a decent game though, as far as I can remember."
76561198046065881,Recommended,268810,30070327,Posted: 20 February,all,Crux,"So, as embarrassing as it is to admit to all my very close friends here on Steam, I've watched way too many of these reality TV, ghost-hunting shows (including this one). And every time I watch one I'm always like,""...look at these goofballs running around town 'helping' even bigger gullible goofballs with what they stupidly think are ghosts, but actually have a totally rational scientific expla...  Oh holy freakin' sh#t! Did you see that?!?! What the hell was that??? Oh man, that some scary sh#t! No way in hell I'd stay in that house...""Yeah, it's not something I'm proud of.Anyway, I think this game nicely captures the more subtle, unintentionally humorous aspects of the reality TV ghost-hunting genre. If you're a ""fan"" of this sort of thing, you might get a kick out of this game. As some other reviews mention, you play the newest member on the ""team"" and are very excited about your first mission. However, although they never even so much as mention the disproportionate risk, you soon come to find out your hardened, paranormal investigator teammates seem to have no trouble at all sending you into what is obviously harm's way so that they have time to show off their finely honed, particular set of skills (e.g., interviews, setting up the shot, helping the museum curator with emotional issues, and/or waiting to see if you make it back alive). I thought the entire thing was hilarious.The game itself is an okay P&C/HOG. The graphics are crisp, the mini games/puzzles are about average, and there's plenty of game to play. I got it on sale for a couple bucks and have no regrets. Played well for me on Linux Mint 18.PS I almost exclusively play offline. I typically only play online long enough for Steam to allow me to write a review. So Steam only shows that I played 0.1 hrs as of the time of this review, although I've played at least 6 hrs and have completed both games."
76561198142240214,Not Recommended,268810,29479635,Posted: 25 January,all,Mr. Otterton,"I can't give thumb up to this game. Story would be interesting but game is not clear in what you need to do next so have to use lots of hint all the time, not very fun."
,Not Recommended,268810,34844771,Posted: 9 September,all,Lyrian,"I didn't realize this was a reality television show until I started to google screenshots, but that explains a lot. It explains the uncanny valley character models, the really lackluster voice acting, and why there were so many characters. I was so confused by the huge cast, unable to really keep them apart.This also explains why each time you open the game, there's a cut scene that you have to skip rather than it taking you to the main menu right away where it explains who Ryan Buell is.Despite the hilarity of how far into the uncanny valley this game can go and some absolute fails in emoting, I didn't enjoy the game. Originally, it felt like the puzzles were clever enough and practical enough, but I began to feel like it was a slog. If the game had been half the length, I probably would have loved it and shouted its praises to the world. But as we got further in, I disliked the protagonists more, I disliked the story more, and trying to pick out objects in all these dimly lit backgrounds was beginning to give me a headache.Buy when it's on sale. I paid 3 bucks for it which sounded about right. If I had paid full price, I would have been really frustrated."
,Recommended,268810,30310924,Posted: 4 March,all,WidescreenRules,"I really, really wish that Steam offered the equivalent of a ""meh"".  This wasn't awful, but it's wasn't particularly good either.The story is ""meh"". It's not entirely believable (not that HO games are particularly engrossing or believable), but using Native American lore did give it a bit of intrigue for me. Still, it  could have been a lot better. It's just kind of ... there.I had no idea about the show this is based on prior to playing it. But seeing as how the main characters are from the show, the voice acting was well above average for HO games for the most part.  There were definitey some lows to the voice acting, especially at the conclusion where the voice acting was completely wooden.With regards to the gameplay, it's standard HO fare. All of the achievements can be done in one play-through; however, the one achievement to complete an HO game in less than a minute is way more difficult than you might think. *EVERY* HO minigame had multiple items that required multiple steps and some items are very well hidden.The art design is an awkward mix between real life characters and the standard hand-painted, HO fare. Faces don't offer a lot of emotion and some of the expression choices are eye-rolling and totally hokey, like the lead pulling a ""Home Alone Kevin"" with this hands on his face as a show of totally weak surprise.Music? Meh. It was nice to hear some Native flutes in the background once in a while, but it was otherwise unremarkable.I understand why so many people have given this a thumbs down. It's NOT a good game. But I've played many other HO games that are far worse. Comparatively speaking, this one isn't a particularly painful way to spend a few hours, but there are other HO games that are far superior.Definitely save this one for a Steam sale with a STEEP discount."
76561198238849744,Recommended,268810,23037486,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CrystalBooness,the graphics are ok on this game and the story line not too bad.  I got through the game ok but I guess I expected more as this was a favorite show of mine.  Don't get me wrong.  It is pretty good.  I think I just had higher expectation.
,Recommended,268810,23795321,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Blackpot,"An Investigation Discovery case: Haunted museum in the forest! Wooha, creepy meepy isn't it? Do not scream, the horror-o-meter is low.I don't know if ghosts do exist or not, but I think this is somewhat similar when two children are talking about games, future kid says that he have 200 games on Steam account and the kid from the past asks can I see em? So future (rather present) kid answers like, sorry, they physically do not exist. So I think most of the things can be answered by science. Either way, there is one thing I am sure, lots of people can make a living from the paranormal and esoteric business. (Not the game devs of course).So, a small team of professional people decided to face the haunting past, their adventure is fairly exceptional. Great puzzles with logic, no nonsense pairings and such riddles, unlike in the similar point and click games. 5-6 hours of gameplay, good graphics, interesting story - good buy I say."
,Recommended,268810,23874051,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,prositen,"Uncanny valley alert! Apparently this game is based on a TV show, so they've probably done a decent job of illustrating the real people from there, but.. woah. The voice acting is mostly decent (except for one specific character who doesn't talk that much, thank-you-very-much)Apart from that, this is a pretty solid HOG. Most scenes are only used once, and the objects aren't too hard to find - though the hitboxes are a bit too specific leading to pixel hunting when combining items. The puzzles are also on a nice difficulty level.That you were a part of a team was a nice touch, even though the other members just prepared the scenes off-screen.(My recorded playtime is a bit bloated, as I left the game running while doing other things. Slightly less than 3 hours for the game + the extra content)"
76561198164016063,Not Recommended,268810,33288187,Posted: 5 July,all,Artemur,this is an good p'n'c and hog game but game is pretty glitchy and buggy. game sometimes gives error and shut down. im in middle of the game but i can't finish because hint button not working anymore and i can't also solve puzzles and continue to game. i m literally stuck and it looks like i ll have to uninstall game.
76561197971341065,Recommended,268810,20020710,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,sfnhltb,"A fairly run of the mill hidden object game with a TV tie in (I have never seen any of them and don't even really recognize the actors although no doubt this will add something for fans of the series) - essentially you get to join the regular gang as a new team member that specializes in falling down holes and generally being a gopher and repairman while the rest of the cast stand around investigating the spooky stuff - at one point the team leader even shows off his amazing skills of opening a door, but most of the time you will be the one doing everything here (fair enough it is a game and just watching them do everything wouldn't be great, but you have the sneaking suspicion the reason the plot has you seperated from the team so much is to avoid the actors having to do more than minimal voice over work for the game).Anyway the plot seems fairly standard spooky TV series material and is fairly decent for HOG game standards, and the graphics are nice and clear and make the hidden object scenes fairly easy (although they have lots of objects, multiple objects and multi-step objects - getting the 1 minute achievement the first time on any scene would be very good going). The puzzles are mostly pretty easy, although I suck at the peg board jumping over one so I had to skip that particular, but fairly varied. There tends to be no explanation of why everyone has weird puzzle locks on their doors and handbags, but that is so common in the genre it hardly even counts as a negative.One note on achievements is that there is a certain part after completing the old house where half the areas previously unlocked are now unavailable (including the old house itself), so ensure you have found all the collectibles before finishing this part or you will need to replay most of the game again (luckily you don't have to get all 20 in one playthrough if you mess up and miss a couple like I did). Otherwise you will mostly be able to get all the achievements in one playthrough (minus the 1 minute HOG timer which probably will require redoing the first one or two scenes knowing where everything is).The point and click sections between are mostly fairly good, although prone to the common hidden object game flaw that half the game could be saved by a protaganist that thinks to bring along a basic set of common tools like screwdrivers, hammers, knives, etc. and didn't throw them away every time they are used. Otherwise they are mostly reasonably logical, or at least not completely silly and immersion breaking anyway.There are also some sections where you use some spook detecting equipment - some equivalent of a ghostbusters style PKE meter which needs you to find symbols randomly scattered around a screen, a heat camera which is a simple tile swapping/matching exercise, and a noise recorder where you have to fiddle with the amplitude and volume of a recording to match the target line. Oh and plus a metal detector you use once. These all are done fairly well and add a bit more variety to things.Overall it is fine, if a bit cheesy, so if you have an evening to waste it is an okay option, especially at the current price. Probably more for fans of the series, but it isn't so bad anyone else that likes this genre won't get on fine with it."
,Recommended,268810,10690236,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Victorian_Madness,I always loved point & click adv. games and latey really getting into the point & click hidden object ones aswell. All in all I enjoyed this game it was a great game for the weekend! :)
76561198360288858,Recommended,268810,33976474,Posted: 2 August,all,>Kelsey Rose<,"Pretty good HO game. No real serious glitches other than if I acidentally touched the screen of my touchscreen laptop, the entire game would crash and I'd have to go into my task manager and force it to quit. I was also not entirely in sync with Steam as far as bringing the steam menu up with SHIFT+TAB. But the game itself was pretty smooth and I liked the storyline. I've done quite a few of these sort of games now and this one had a new twist other than Dracula or the others out there. There were also a good amount of actually hidden object mini games, which I appreciated since many of these games seem to be coming out with less and less of them....aren't they the point of these games??Definitely pick it up if HO games are your thing!"
76561198292196129,Not Recommended,268810,33418589,Posted: 9 July,all,saylynna,"The game centers around ""you"" joining the Paranormal Research Society as a new recruit, and all-around mule. An historic park is trouble from some sort of paranormal activity, and you will be doing all of the work for PRS and the park to make it end. Beware of ghosts and demons, and poor spoops.Pros: For a Hidden Object Game, this has passable mini games and logical solutions. Someone was trying to write a story, rather than just slap elements together to make scares. There is also the best (and worst) expression of dismay I have ever seen in a ""horror"" game, and it happens TWICE.Cons: The first time around, you will use the Hint button more than a few times, and skip a mini game out of boredom or frustration. The Hidden Object scenes can be particularly precise, meaning you can click the same object in four different places before it decides to be the one you were looking for. You will also probably miss the collectibles in your desperation to get some progress. This is because the game frequently fails to give helpful clues in description texts even in the easiest game mode. Fortunately for anyone who wants to play it over, literally nothing changes: mini game solutions are all the same; so are the objects to be found hidden object scenes. Unfortunately, that means it is mind-numbing to play through again more than once to finish the achievements.Part of the problem is while the game has beautifully done matte sets, everything else is well below average, even for the year it was released. Animation is poor, or non-existent, and the jump scares just aren't scary. Clickable objects range between blended into the background so much you would never notice them without prior knowledge, and eyesore. What you can use or interact with is denoted by a tiny cursor changing, whose color schemes is so close to each other, and the background colors, you are likely to glance over it. Gameplay is finicky as a result, and the lack of fast travel wears on the player through each repetition of six screens to get to the one screen that will allow you to go through four more screens. Not even the music or the sound is well done, something that is a must for atmosphere.The story might be a story (in that it has a vague plot) but the characters, voice-acting, and models are all terrible. Eilfie in particular resides in the Uncanny Valley when you are given a close-up of her face. There is a lack of care for expression in both the modeling and the delivery of dialogue. Further, the story itself has a patchwork feel with holes all around. It also heavily invokes one of the most racist tropes in the Amerian ghost story: ""Native American spirits angry about white folks and that means DEMONS."" Embarrassingly, it then tries to have authenticity by calling on Lorraine Warren, who might be famous or infamous (depending on your views), but fails to have her even act for the game, and shows none of her supposed abilties. In fact, other than your character, no one appears to do any work- this team definitely has an ""i"" in it, or more aptly, a ""you."" This weakens the story further, since you apparently know nothing about ghosts, demons, or even how to operate an EMF meter. The other characters show no concern or motivation unless it is about making you do the next task, although to be fair to most members of the ""team,"" only one of them gets any real screen time, compared to all the fictional people (and ghosts) and even Lorraine Warren.TL;DR: This game is a slodge, and best bought heavily discounted."
,Not Recommended,268810,19661335,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Frytanya,no point in playing a broken game
,Recommended,268810,27997300,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bassem,"A good HOG that puts additional effort into storytellingParanormal Stateis a reality TV show. Never watched it. This game follows the show's cast of paranormal investigators as they work a case in the Poison Spring Battleground state park in Arkansas.What I enjoyedWell presented. The music, artwork and voice acting are pretty good.A balanced mix of HO scenes, puzzles, and item hunting and combining.The HO scenes require you to access certain objects by interacting with others.In-game journal fleshes out the story and keeps track of your objectives.Mini-games such as a metal-detector-like EVP sensor add some variety.The story is better that in most HOGs in that it has a steady pace and is almost thrilling, helped by the moody music and frequent spooks and scares.Finishing the main game gives you access to a bonus chapter. It's short, and the voice acting is ah, not as refined in it, but it's nice to have.Extra content such as wallpapers, character profiles and such. I didn't peruse them, but for fans of the show this is a nice touch.What I didn't likeAlthough the artwork is pretty great, the characters themselves are firmly wedged in the uncanny valley. Faces look just off. Especially with blinking eyes on those static portraits.Although it's clear that much thought has gone into guiding the player to avoid hesitation, sometimes you do find yourself wondering what to do next. The hint system is pretty helpful, but it got confused a couple times and led me to the wrong spots. Most of the time it's fine, though.Clickable areas on objects may be fiddly, especially when combining items.I missed on a collectibles achievement because the game locks you out of a big chunk of the locations after a certain point. I had 19 out of 20 collectibles found. Bummer.All in all a better than average HOG. Worth the 10$ asking price? Yeah, I'd say so. And definitely so if on discount."
,Recommended,268810,9862760,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Doogz,Decent hidden object game.  Story is okay for what it is based on.  Voice acting is nothing to write home about (at least it has voice acting...)  The graphics are done well and there's a couple spook moments that could get you to jump.
,Not Recommended,268810,16459603,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ケネディ (KNDY),"While I haven't watched the TV series, I suppose if the game was about a faux paranormal group, it would have been more interesting.As a casual HOG (Hidden Objects Game) that I purchased cheap via the Steam Summer Sale, I enjoyed the game for its challenging puzzles, premise and design.But the story is hoakie, the majority of the characters really offer you any help except two and for those who want realism with the supernatural, you're not going to get that, considering that the dead will be communicating with you quite clearly.You do get an extra chapter after you beat the game.While I need three more achievements, one playthrough for the game is enough for me.  The acting is hoakie, the limited interactions, character involvement and facial expressions hurt the game.  It's only saving grace is wanting to find out who was responsible and why...I recommend this game if you can get it under $3 but anything more than that and it's not recommended."
,Not Recommended,268810,12734110,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,niKopol,"Game crashes in offline mode and refuse to let you play unless they track you.Loads into locked up scene, with a handle thats been pulled off. Can't back away, can't continue forward unless I wipe the save data and start over.Got this game for my wife, I have about 20 other hidden image games, this is the only one that she has had any issue with.Could be a Windows 8 issue but all the others work, so..."
,Recommended,268810,32830149,Posted: 26 June,all,Idunhaël,"""Nice beaver!"" - ""Thanks, I just had it stuffed.""... and then you shave it."
76561198073114052,Recommended,268810,13809362,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,bettyboopdolly777,"WOW!!! WHAT AN EXCITING GAME. I HAD SO MUCH FUN. LOCATING ITEMS. CONNECTING ITEMS AND GETTING LOST LOL I WATCH THE SHOW ON TV AND THEY ALL RESEMBLE EACH OTHER. GREAT ARTWORK!!! GRAPHICS ARE EXCELLENT! THE MORAL OF THE WHOLE STORY & THE BONUS GAMES IS FANTASTIC AS WELL. ALL THE CHARACTERS PLAYED THEIR POSITIONS VERY WELL. THEY ARE ALL WONDERFUL! LAST BUT NOT LEAST, I LOVE MS. LORRAINE WARREN...NO WORDS TO DESCRIBE HOW PERFECT & EXCELLENT & FANTASTIC SHE IS IN EVERYTHING SHE DOES... :)"
76561198059733627,Recommended,268810,21107952,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Rechiva,:)
76561198130843099,Not Recommended,268810,21380918,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,morikohikari,"I did NOT enjoy this game. I had no idea what I was doing, the acting was subpar, and there is no such creature as Spear Hand. I went and looked. Playing this felt like a game made entirely out of story padding. I wish I could return it."
,Not Recommended,268810,22551562,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,sgbeal,"i unfortunately can't recommend this game, for the sole reason that it overheats my CPU within a few minutes. Based on forum posts, this is a known problem since well over a year (as of April, 2016), with no feedback from the devs on it. i.e., no fix is in sight."
76561197970078168,Recommended,268810,18634953,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,hermetico,Good point&click and hidden-object game.Graphics are good. Story is so-so.Introduces new and unique features.Translation is sometimes so bad that makes you to loose the track.
76561198038552111,Recommended,268810,28984395,Posted: 3 January,all,Phruler,Good game
76561198094586243,Not Recommended,268810,31810443,Posted: 17 May,all,dickbryan,Really dreadful gameplay.
,Recommended,268810,9834299,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Homiecide,"Good game. Really good game. Enjoyed playing it. The main story, the bonus. I even did all achievements and put that game in my profile showcase. Why? Coz it's awesome! Beautiful locations, great music and excellent voice actors, interesting plot and nice in-game content. You'll even get steam trading cards for that game! Will try to collect all normal and a foil badge for this game, emoticons and backgrounds. I've never seen a TV Show, but now I'll watch it. I think it's cool.Mmm, okay, enjoy it. Like I did.P.S.: Waiting for Paranormal State 2, I heard rumors about it."
76561197999679419,Recommended,268810,30399964,Posted: 8 March,all,rocky776,"I play a lot of HOGs and give this one thumbs up as it's a little different than most. There's a lot to like here, with two negatives that are annoying. Navigation is clunky, too many clicks to get to a reference map and once there you still  have to backtrack through scenes to your destination. Making that worse, your next destination is frequently not obvious so you're clicking the hint button a lot.  However, unlike any other HOG I've played, there is a strategy (cheat) guide built in so you're never really hopelessly lost. Side challenge, skip button, achievements and bonus content are plusses. Fair value at full price, excellent if on sale."
,Recommended,268810,18204095,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Isaac Paczkowski,"First Of all, this game is much more inventive and creative than the trailer shows. I remeber watching Paranormal State on A&E so when i saw this, it was a must buy. The game itself is kind of campy and cheesy but it also holds a somewhat interesting storyline in which allows the negatives of the game to almost fade into the mist.My Review: 7.2 / 10fun and corny in the best way possible, but also is a very frustrating puzzle game, in which leads a pointless existence."
,Not Recommended,268810,15086840,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Chappy.Bueno,I completed the game but the cheese outweighed the usual shameful enjoyment I get out of hidden object games. P.S I didn't know this related to the TV series until I played.
76561198219970031,Recommended,268810,21189997,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TpKreeper2,loved the game but was hard to click on some parts...
76561198085781816,Not Recommended,268810,21338581,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,selashmar,"Cant play the bonus extra game, there is a glitch that wont let you get past a certain stage."
76561198253718399,Recommended,268810,21675750,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,leanne7frisby,cute little game nothing too interesting about it though when paranormal state is an very importent/ reaspected communate
,Recommended,268810,20038146,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bensenhaver,"So I'm the newbie and they make me do all the job? I'm gonna have to have  a conversation with the Paranormal Investigators Union.Good HOG with story and puzzles (I guess this is the evolution of the genre), I really had fun (and a couple jumpscares) while playing it. Almost perfect hint system (except when it points you to the camp map: grrrrr annoying). There's a short but nice extra chapter too. Worth the buy."
76561198315832518,Recommended,268810,25271972,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,rln.tonks,"I don't know a thing about this show but I liked the game well enough. Definitely enough that I finished the game, and it wasn't a struggle to play it. I thought it was a bit cheesy that each character had...like each character said really dorky things about whatever their specialty was, in an over-the-top way. You'll see what I'm trying to say if you play the game. But Poison Springs is a real place, that's cool. It wasn't boring, I actually enjoyed playing it even when I couldn't figure out what to do. I play a lot of HOG, and this is a good one. It can be enjoyed by more than the Paranormal State fans."
,Recommended,268810,24993165,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,GDaeMoNz,"A short game that is ok to play. Nothing that is outstanding.Easy simple and straight forward story. Some music and most of the art is nice. The mini games and hidden items are also not very challenging (well I choose the mode [easy and standard], duh).I just hope to see more emotions in the NPC's faces as they practically had the same face (emotionless) from begining to the end...Overall, an ok game to play since it was with a 85% discount when I bought it."
,Recommended,268810,24795712,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,HenrikNor,I bought the game because of steam trading cards(It took 4 hours to collect all cards)I recommend this game due to steam trading cards (buy the game when it's on sale)
76561198089142087,Recommended,268810,26406557,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,NecroFeline,"Okay, so I'll admit something right off the bat: I have NO idea what Paranormal State is. A television show is the vibe I'm getting from the game, but I haven't seen it around. Regardless, this is not about the show, it's about this game that was based from the show. And it is good solid fun.I've been playing HOA games since ""Return to Ravenhearst"", the one that started it all, and I can safely say this one meets my standards. Good atmosphere, intriguing story, and of course lots of places and puzzles to explore and solve. The puzzles range from mildly to brain-bendingly challenging, but they all require some sort of thinking process and that's part of what I enjoy about them. The Hidden Object scenes are much the same way. Trying to get a scene done without a misclick on my part was near impossible at times.Along with the puzzles and story, the game also has some interesting and rather fun ghost-hunting-type tools that you can use in various parts of the game to find and solve things. An EVP device as well as a heat-sensing device are among the tools you'll use. It's fun and it adds a little bit of a twist to the game that requires an additional thinking process. You'll need to use them at certain times in the game to progress too, so it's all about wondering what tool will best fit what situation, but with something different which is fun and refreshing.As for the cons, well...don't go playing this game if you're looking for zany expressions; the characters are not very expressive in terms of faces but there IS voice-acting  and that kinda in my opinion makes up for anything the characters are lacking visually. The game can be frustratingly hard at times, and the climax of the story is a little...well...odd. However, the great gameplay, challenging puzzles, and beautiful environments make up for this as well as the ghost-hunting device play and the premise of the story itself.Overall, it is highly recommended by me to other HOA fans out there who enjoy a good challenge and a rich environment and story. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,268810,25973852,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Sweetstar87,Was a lot of fun doing all the puzzles and storyline. I love hidden object games and puzzles so this was worth it to me :D
,Recommended,268810,31574109,Posted: 5 May,all,Tenshi Okami,"For those of you who don’t know me, I’m pretty interested in paranormal things; Ghosts, demons, and the people who hunt them. I would watch a lot of ghost hunter shows, one of which was Paranormal State. It was a very good show about Collage Students who started a ‘club’ to go ghost hunting. Everything was done very scientifically (as much as a ghost hunt could be anyway) with each person in the club specializing in an aspect. It was pretty amazing to see them on their hunts even though I do know some of it was blown out a bit for the sake of entertainment.Unfortunately, I thought that the game was going to be a little closer to the show then it was. I understand how they might have had a hard time trying to make the game like the show, but adding things that are more in the realm of fiction just makes it seem like they only used the name Paranormal State to sell more copies. The story does start out very similar to a TV case where your driving with the group to a haunted location to do a investigation and then slowly it gets more and more into the fantasy realm with ghosts showing themselves and telling you in complete sentences what is going on and how to stop it. There are a lot more jump scares and horror movie tropes. It’s not bad, but it feels like they missed the point of the TV show they were trying to portray.The puzzles are pretty interesting and for one or two of them, I was glad they had a skip button. Now I did play it on the easy setting because I was more interested in seeing the story, but there was still a little bit of challenge to it. There was only one or two of the puzzle styles I really did not like and it was because one took way to long and the other I’m just not good at. The I spy puzzles were fun and I didn’t get board with them as there are times you have to do one thing in order to get the next thing. Overall, the game play was better then the story in my opinion.The artwork is amazingly beautiful, with very high detailed scenes. There is no animation; the characters are based on still shots like a photo. The problem with this is sometimes the characters face does not match the emotion that the scene should have. For example (not to spoil anything) a character goes missing and when the other characters are talking about it, they are smiling instead of looking worried about said character. Other then that, they did an amazing job with the detail work and the backgrounds. One of the main things about point and click games is trying to make things not stand out to much that you would know where everything is and they did this quite well.The voice acting is… well its very cheesy. Some of them feel like they are just reading out there lines and the characters to me don’t sound like the people they are supposed to be. Lorraine Warren was sadly the worst of the group, sounding like she was reading a book rather then voice acting. To clarify, the voice acting was not done by the people who were in the TV show so yes, of course they would not sound exactly like them, but they could of gotten so much closer then they did. The music is a bit typical, but not bad at all. I do like the sort of ambiance that it gives to the game when it’s not blasting out my ear drums. Warning for those who wear headphones while playing, there are small jump scares where the music or the voice could get very loud. Near the end of the aftermath case, there is one part that pretty much blasted my speakers so bad that I thought I was breaking them. And this was with the sound and music turned down in the game. Someone did not check the level of that part of the game it seems.Overall, I think this game had a really fun idea and the game play was put together well. The only real problem I had was the sound levels they had for some things and the fact that it did not feel like it kept the point of the original TV show. If you like point and click puzzle games with a little bit of horror mixed in, you will probably like this."
,Recommended,268810,31166333,Posted: 15 April,all,The Greater Good,"THE GOODpolished; in this vast ocean that is the Hidden Object genre, many titles simply feel very rough around the edges, but this one had obvious effort put into itsolid gameplay consisting of a varied mix of item combination puzzles, hidden object screens and minigamesdecent, though not particularly exciting story and mostly well done graphicswhile its map doesn't allow for ""fast travel"", it does highlight areas with things to do, which is extremely useful, especially later on when you've unlocked a fair number of locationsit comes with extras such as elaborate character biographies and desktop wallpapersTHE NOT SO GOODthe faces of the characters are all exceptionally goofy; they often linger in grotesque expressions during moments of intense action or drama, which is a bit of a problem considering how serious this game is taking itselfthere were rare moments that felt a bit directionless because the game wasn't very good at communicating what it wanted me to do nextone of the recurring minigames has overly sensitive (and counter-intuitive) controls, which makes it a bit of a choreTHE UGLYnothing; I played through the entire game without encountering any grave technical issues or bugsOVERALLParanormal State: Poison Spring is the kind of game you'd recommend to someone who's looking for an adequately representative first impression of the Hidden Object genre. It's a very streamlined, very conventional game, which is both good and bad. It is, of course, unequivocally commendable that they put up the effort to provide such a polished experience, but at the same time I wish the game wasn't quite so formulaic and generic. Everything about it feels a bit bland and ultimately forgettable. Still, though, this blandness does not make it a bad game in any sense, especially not for people who want to see what the genre is all about. It's just not a particularly memorable experience. Well, except for those goofy faces. Those will stick with me for a while."
,Recommended,268810,29388587,Posted: 20 January,all,maxcorps,It's a walking talking plug for the show. Which isn't a bad thing if you like the show or supernatural themed games. That being said it's one of the better HOG's out there. Keep an eye out for the wolves though. They can be tricky to find.
,Recommended,268810,31254605,Posted: 20 April,all,♡olivboo♡,"It's a standard point and click/hidden object game with casual level of difficulty. You are a new member of a paranormal investigation team solving a mystery at a Poison Spring museum/park of Civil War. I am giving the game positive rating because I did enjoy the game for what it was. I bought it at 80% off the original price during sale. I don't think I'd be happy had I paid the full price though.Negatives:- The character design: the character artwork is just strange, ugly and eerie at times.- The First Nations/Native American cliches. I don't mind a little bit of fantasy and ""fusion"" if the game calls for it but when the game setting is modeled after some historical events these type of things do bother me. The nation featured in the game are the Cherokee who are not known for the use of dream catchers nor building totem poles. The Cherokee have also historically not worn feathered war bonnets. A shaman is a term used for Siberian/North Asian religions. Most Native American indigenous religions have their own terms but the general term used is Medicine Wo/Men. I don't know if it's lack of research and laziness on the part of the developers or intentional ignorance; either way I didn't like this aspect of the game at all.Positives:- The character design. It's so bad that it's hilarious at times.- I enjoyed the story overall. Ignoring the historical inaccuracies I am a sucker for paranormal investigations and history so I usually like these type of storylines.- I like the artwork of the game a lot. It's very pretty despite the ugly character design.- I like that the map in your journal showed you the setting which had something new to discover. I get frustrated at times in HOG games going from setting to setting trying to figure out where to find the next object or clue.- It's just a fun little game to play on a lazy evening.So to sum it up. I would recommend the game to those who like hidden-object adventures with paranormal settings but only if you get the game on discount."
76561198173457771,Recommended,268810,34183488,Posted: 11 August,all,moon2stars,"Decent story. Good graphics. Game had a map but not a fast travel map. There was still alot of backtracking. Glitchy controls. Had to click multiple times on hidden objects because my cursor wasn't in the exact spot. Game crashed multiple time with a ""SDL"" error. Was always able to restart afterwards though. Would recommend if you are really into this genre and if the game is on sale."
76561198398958965,Not Recommended,268810,34891157,Posted: 11 September,all,Ex_shadow491,"Bad game compared with other hidden object games out there. The story is very boring and the detection of the mouse/pointer over the object in the puzzles is terrible, and also it loads more often than other games of the same genre. Overall I can say is a null game, that's it."
