user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970742992,Recommended,268870,17767786,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,wololo,"why this game is special- Open world RTSthink syndicate + dawn of war + open world, dont be discourage with the game size (500mb++).- Freedom gameplayyou can do any job/quest/task in any order of you want or just roaming around the city and do whatever you want.- RPG elementskill point, research, upgrade, augment, bribe, stealth, and so on.people who prone to this may want to ""think twice"" before buying this game- Overwhelming at the startif you are new to ""syndicate"" gameplay (not your typical base building RTS).- Carefull managementyou cant just select all and right click everything in this game, most place/task require (somewhat) delicate planning.- Huge map but pretty much ""thats it"" design wiseits a huge open world but what you see is what you get throughout the game.8/10 would hack ATM machine again"
76561197973269730,Not Recommended,268870,17822581,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Nightfire,"Satellite Reign is the spiritual successor to the classic cyberpunk game,Syndicate. Fans have waited nearly a decade for this (including myself), but now that it's finally here, I find myself a bit... Underwhelmed.Perhaps this is because Satellite Reign feels and plays almost exactly the same asSyndicatedid, except with a facelift and some small additions.Don't get me wrong,Syndicatewas a great game, but let's keep in mind that it was released back in 1993, and we know a lot more about what makes a game fun now than we did back then.Syndicatewas more acclaimed for its fearless aesthetic and premise than its clunky gameplay, and Satellite Reign appears to have adopted the same exact same formula. In some ways, this game feels like it was made in a vacuum, where recent conventions in gaming have been deliberately ignored.For instance, this game really needs a pause feature. It is always in real-time and you control four characters at once, which means that it's not always easy to keep track of everything that's happening to them. This game needs a way to be able to stop the action while still being able to issue commands. Without this, ordering your agents around while they're getting shot at from three or four angles can become extremely hectic and frustrating. This was probably the biggest problem withSyndicate, and no effort has been made to change this fact in Satellite Reign.This is made worse by the fact that your agents are as dumb as a sack of bricks. They literally will not do anything unless you tell them directly. Even if they're being fired upon, they won't return fire unless you specifically tell them to; once their target is dead, they won't target anything else until you tell them to target the next one. And even if they can't properly attack their target because their line of sight is blocked, they'll continue to fire anyway, wasting their ammo, despite the fact that their shots are clearly hitting the wall.This game needs smarter agents, and it could also use toggleable AI states. For example, a setting that switches your agents to ""aggressive"" mode, to make them attack any enemy in sight; a ""defensive"" mode to make them return fire when fired upon, and a ""passive"" mode to ensure they take no actions, when you want them to run away or conserve ammo. Plenty of other games have features like this, and it would seem like a no-brainer to include them in Satellite Reign, but this game has nothing of the sort. It forces you to micromanage everything, and you must do it entirely in real-time.So what do you do in this game? Basically you sneak around and shoot people. This would not be a problem if these two aspects were well implemented, but unfortunately they aren't. The stealth mechanics are twitchy and unforgiving, and the combat simply isn't fun. Mostly you will find yourself trying to sneak around, only to fail due to your agents' inability to route the simple paths you've told them to go. Then, when you are discovered by the enemies and forced to fight, you will try to find good cover spots and sequentially click on enemies until they're dead. Then you will have to run away, because if you don't, this game will spawn an infinite amount of enemies at you until you're out of ammo and completely overwhelmed. So you run, hide, and wait. Once the heat is off you, you attempt to sneak around again, but you fail because the game is glitchy, and so you get drawn into another tedious conflict, and on and on it goes.In addition, the ""open world"" this game advertises is a bit misleading; it should really just read as ""persistent world"". The gameisessentially one huge map that you can roam to your heart's content, but there isn't much to do in it. You can hack ATM's and kidnap people to harvest their genes, but that's about it. This game is all about the missions, asSyndicatewas, which begs the question as to why an open world was necessary in the first place.I mean, sure, you CAN go on a murderous rampage and slaughter a bunch of civilians if you want to (and that was half the joy ofSyndicate), but doing so doesn't really benefit you in any way. The only way to gain money in this game is to wait for your ATM hacks to slowly fill your coffers, and the only way to get new weapons is to steal prototypes, which are only given to you by completing missions anyways. Deciding to shoot up a bunch of cops or security guards will only yield you ammo to replace what you lost during the fight, and nothing more.So whatisgood about this game? Well, for one thing, it features an absolutely amazing soundtrack by Protector 101 and Russell Shaw, whose retro-synth scores perfectly match the game's cyberpunk theme.For another, the game looks visually stunning in absolutely every respect. The city is a beautiful, vibrant setting packed with clever hand-crafted details. No two streets are alike, and this is quite a feat unto itself. It's easily one of the best looking games I've played in recent memory.But unfortunately, this is not enough to make the game feel complete, nor is it enough to make it fun. This game is ""all style and no substance"". I'm hoping that future updates will round out the game a bit more, but now that it's out of early access, I'm not going to hold my breath.I'm glad that I didn't pay full price for this game. If you're a die-hardSyndicatefan you will probably be satisfied with it, but everyone else might want to keep their distance.EDIT: As of the September 4th update, new players now have the option to start a new game with the ""team stims"" skill already unlocked, allowing the player to slow time at will (without having to grind for 10 hours to acquire the fully upgraded skill, as you normal would). While this is good news for new players, it still isn't a proper ""pause"" feature like the game really needs - it drains your support agent's energy and won't work if he's dead. Still, it's better than nothing."
76561197993781203,Recommended,268870,23492316,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Djiel,"TL;DR stuffPros+looks good, great cyberpunk atmosphere+lengthy campaign+gameplay mechanics are generally solid+performance in current version is good (older early access release left a lot to be desired.)+agents all have their own skills and usefulness, making them all important one way or another.+big city split in basically 4 parts, pretty much feels like ""open world""each district has its own look.+places have multiple entry points, offering different tactics to your objectiveCons-stealth is overpowered to the point it basically becomes mandatory-linked to that con; enemies are bullet sponges-AI occasionally glitches out, especially using the ""assassinate"" action-clone system with instant stat reduction seems unnecessary and punishing-each city district basically has the same objectives making the game kind of repetitive-even fully upgraded, your agents never seems truly powerful compared to most of the enemies-not a big fan of the ending, but that's personal opinionAnother Syndicate?I grew up with the original Syndicate and like many others I was horribly let down with EA's generic FPS reboot back in 2012.When this game popped up, being branded as a ""spiritual successor"", of course I was interested.While this game's inspiration from that series clearly shows, already right away in the menu when you first start the game, Syndicate this is not.When I recently described this game to a few people I said the following;If Syndicate had you controlling 4 cyborg terminators then Satellite Reign has you controlling 4 cyborg ninjas.Let me explain.If you have played the original Syndicate, you are no doubt aware how good the minigun is in that game.You have 4 agents equipped with it and enable their IPA things, they would absolutely terminate everything. By themselves.The minigun in Satellite Reign has a cool description (quote: ""When you absolutely, positively, have to kill every motherf@#$er in the room.""), but it's absolute trash.It's incapable of even taking out generic guard units. And it's not just the minigun, in fact most of the weapons require tons of shots before even generic enemies go down.Meanwhile, you can one-shot ANYbody (including the last ""boss""!), completely ignoring their health, armor, shields and everything with even the most basic starter pistol if you use the stealth kill (assassinate).You have the option to ""hi-jack"" enemies, similar to the persuadertron in Syndicate, but the game places somewhat of a limit on it by making the units weaker the more you have hi-jacked.So, even if you get some extra people to back you up, you still can't really go in guns blazing because you always seem to be outgunned.Much like in Syndicate, you can upgrade your agents with different kind of cybernetic enhancements. While they certainly help out with stuff like being able to sprint longer and take some more damage(or some will allow you access to different entry points like vents), your agents never seem truly powerful. All the enemies seem to be enhanced as well.Every agent has its own skill set, so each of them have their own purpose. With that, all of them also have their own limitations making it hard to really limit your ""team"" to say 1 or 2 for entering some enemy compound.The soldier can hardwire certain objects in the world to open alternate routes or disable power to security systems. The soldier also has access to more powerful weapons without any penalties.The Support class is there to buff and heal your team. The Hacker can disable security systems, open doors and ""hi-jack"" enemies.Lastly, the Infiltrator is your default sneaky guy. Comes with default cloaking system and has the highest movement speed.The game plays out in a fairly large city, split into 4 different districts. You can thankfully fast travel through multiple beacons in each district.While each district has it's own look/feel to it, every district basically has the exact same few compounds in them, with the exact same objectives/rewards.This makes it all pretty repetitive as all you do is infiltrate all of these compounds for the same goals..And as mentioned previously, with stealth being almost mandatory, it adds to this repetition because you are using the same tactics.Sure, there is the occasional bribe or assassination but most of it is infiltration.If your agents are downed and you were unable to revive them in time, they will die and a clone is respawed at the nearest beacon to replace your fallen agent. This process degrades the agent's base stats.When you hi-jack enemies, you have option to send them in for cloning, giving you the option to find potential agents with better base stats. However, for some strange reason, if you apply this new clone it instantly degrades the stats.This makes their description already a lie and honestly I think this is an unnecessary feature that adds nothing more than frustration.The game looks good and has a nice cyberpunk atmosphere. The music fits well to it and the sound effects are generally fine.I would've maybe liked to see more effects for the agents themselves, similarly to Syndicate Wars like when you select weapons and such.There is a bit of a story throughout with a ""twist"" at the end that I didn't much care for. Overall it's pretty generic but works well enough for what it is.Overall I recommend the game, I had a good time with it. If you are looking for a game similar in setup to Syndicate, it's worth your time."
,Recommended,268870,17778775,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Fidelfc,"If the steam had the rating ""So so"" this would be the first game i would use it, i was actually going to go for the refund, but it was 6 minutes past the time, so, well, decided to play more of it.-the tutorial doesn't teach anything really useful about the game, a lot of things you have to discover by luck or trial and error, oh, you want to start a new game? You'll have to go trough the whole useless tutorial, have fun.-Some mechanics are simply dumb: your sniper (infiltrator) must be four meters to kill someone with stealth, yeah, a fu**** sniper can only insta kill at VERY close quarters.-You don't know the true range of visibility of your enemies, in an stealth game, this is very annoying.-There is no pause option to think about your strategies, it's a game feature, but people must know about this.-The game have a very good feel, the graphics are actually good.-The story... there is an story?-The cloning system is very interesting-The game actually offers numerous ways to solve missions, and the scenery actually offer different opportunities to do so, go berserk or stealth (just don't try to use your sniper for stealth).-The classes should had more abilities.In my opinion, the game is only getting the ""amazing"" reviews because of the nostalgic feeling of syndicate, but in reality is just a very average game, worth of buying for it's price,but far from being good.I'm giving a positive review because the price it's fair and the game isn't bad, but as i said before, it's not what i would call good."
,Recommended,268870,28280537,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,SnugSnug,"40+hrs and just completed my 1st playthrough, a good solid enjoyable and immersive experience.The gameplay is relatively simple and repetative which is why its so appealing at one level, easy to get the hang of and gameplay reinforces the lessons learned presenting new challanges without becoming un-necessarily complicated or a fight with the UI and controls.The 'openworld' is perhaps open to interpretation. There are 4 distinct zones the player can access once the tutorial area has been completed and one is free to attempt to gain access to these zones and then further explore and undertake missions at ones own leisure and without time constraint. However, during the 1st playthrough this may not be immediately apparent as it takes some accustomistion to the game's setting and the missions available are unlocked partially through exploration and partly through completion of successive objectives. In short the game sets its own pace but the player can skip to later sections for greater/challange reward. The openworld gamestyle makes for a much longer preload but cuts out the need for tranistional loads during actual gameplay.Gameplay is pretty typical squad based (a)rpg. The player has access to exactly 4 unique character classes with their own skill trees and asociated hotkeys. There are then a variety of generic weapons/gear/augments that the player must 1st aquire and then research before being able to purchase and equip to further customise the squad to individual playstyle and mission specific needs. This seconadry management aspect of the game directly affects how one approaches the game. Balancing the ease of the missions available against the possible rewards those missions may provide in the form of access to new tech while bank roling the current r&d cashflow and currently available purchases. This is generally a reverse difficulty curve and by mid to late stages of the game much of it will be superfluous.The game has been fairly well balanced and almost everything has been designed as a viable option with multiple approach layouts and rockpaperscissor layering of damage and health pools, (although certain items are exploitable). The missions types are varied in approach and 'colour text' but often repetative in actual execution despite the efforts to keep them fresh with added or changing suquential objectives.There are several novelty features and design approaches that keep the game appealing to both casual and more competative players. Such examples include; mission delivery, an 'active pause' skill, character cloning - Each character can be given a clone body that boosts certain stats, upon death these bonus stats degrade as does any unspent experience. Its easy enough to aquire a new clone but sometimes difficult to find the stats one desires. So the careful player is rewarded through retained bonus while the casual player isn't overly penalised by character death.The world is divided into public and private areas with respective but usually contained security and localised response units. Each character has its own heat metre and can gain or loose it easily through action/location. The game generally boils down to a series of mini puzzles, to circumvent or otherwise overcome the challanges presented by the area where one is trying to achieve the objective of their current mission or just larking around for fun. The satisfaction of a stealth puzzler with the failsafe of an action arcade for when one miscalculates or hasn't the patience for subtley.Graphics wise the game is pretty stylised and ""rain-soaked, neon-lit streets"" is accurate in depiction and atmosphere. The game uses a modular art which is further defined by the district it is within. While this may feel a little 'copy and paste' it does give a nice congruent feel to the city and enough individual attention has been given to make plenty of areas feel unique and identifiable as landmarks when navigating the city. The game runs on unity engine and has plenty of overt eye candy, but the frame rates are often lower than one might expect although it has no noticeable effect on the smoothness of actual gameplay. Personally i averaged around 40fps, (or 1k+ without v-sync in the menus) - worth checking the forums for further details on this known issue.I found the sound average, that is to say perfectly apt to the setting and in no way detracting from the gameplay despite prolonged game sessions. Some of the key mission dialogues are voiced again pretty average but most of the info screen are text only.I've only attempted single player but i should imagine it would make and interesting LAN playthrough for like minded players.Replayability - that's a difficult one. Yes the game is repetative and yes playing a new game will do little to nothing to change this, beyond the manner in which the player chooses to approach this particular playthrough. But, if it's still fun then it's still replayable.-Win10 64bit, 8gb ram, Gtx 970 4gb, 7.2k rpm hdd."
,Recommended,268870,13635587,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,FINN_Soldat,"My english is not good, so sorry of errors in this text.Well, I love cyberpunk and I love Syndicate universe - dark world, powered by corporations, with its violence, high tech and low life, you know. :) Thats why I purchase Satellite Reign at once I saw it in Steam early access.My first imressions was: wow, its really seems like Syndicate Wars remake. I also understand, that now Satellite Reign is in pre-alpha condition, so I'm going to comment some moments of this game. It would be nice, if developers will read it.I would like to see in this game:1) First of all, co-op multiplayer. It's very important. More mods of the game: survival, hunt (when you fight against agents of other syndicates), etc.2) More interactive info on the screen. More info about world and objects (cyber-look, like in Syndicate FPS). It's cyberpunk or not? :)And (its important too) more combat info: range of weapons, capabilities of your enemies and other.3) Augmentations of your opponents: NPC-s has different augmentations too. You can hack or jam it (like in E.Y.E. - Divine Cybermacy game for examle).4) More loot. Now you can take only weapon of your dead enemy. Why you can't take his implants or internal organs to sell it on the black market?5) Why you can't direct auto-actions of your agents? To hold his fire, for example, or going to free fire, when he saw the enemy? To hold positions or attack?This options are necessary for all tactical games, I think.6) More abilities to manipulate items, realized by drop-down menu, for example.7) An ability for player to change the set of agents (and hire two soldiers for the mission, it may change the style of playing and game tactics).8) The system of punishments. Now you can kill the enemy and wait their response actions in the shelter, where they can't find you.And how about the waves of enemy reinforcements and total interception of your agents?For example, you can't kill somebody right on the street in real life without any problems - cops will try to find and arrest you for a long time.Thats all. I hope, my comments are helpful for dear developers. I wish you will create really great game."
,Recommended,268870,13325158,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,The Butcher's Nail,"Do you remember Bullfrog's Syndicate and Syndicate Wars? Do you wish there had been more of them? If the answer is ""yes"" (and it better be!) then keep this one on your radar. It is being made by one of the developers of Syndicate on the Amiga and also Syndicate Wars.Currently, it is very alpha. Many many missing features and issues with bugs and stuff. However, what is already in, is fun, clean, looks and plays great, and is a clear indication that this is a spiritual successor to Syndicate in every way.Highly recommend backing this one, or at least keep it on your wishlist until closer to release."
,Recommended,268870,17857574,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ensvey,"Feels like the long lost Syndicate sequel so many of us have been waiting for. Improves on it in all the right ways. Finally, a game that doesn't pretend you're a selfless hero. You're trying to stop one evil megacorp, sure, but you're mostly out for yourself, and the missions are not doing random people favors. They're purely transactional - a means to an end.+ Awesome squad-based tactical combat+ Some great skills and progression+ Good game balance. Challenging without being frustrating.+ Well-crafted gritty cyberpunk open world+ The missions are fun and feel like they have a meaningful impact on your progress- Controls are not perfect / take some getting used to- Some little bugs here and there- Some skills are OP must-haves and some are lacklusterHonestly, it's running around a cyberpunk world with 4 souped up clones infiltrating corporations in an open world. It's as awesome as it sounds."
,Not Recommended,268870,23428969,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DancefloorDale,"So, despite all my pre-release enthusiasm, my contributing early-access dollars, and my awareness campaigns on social media, I don't like Satellite Reign.I've tried playing it multiple times, and each time I start a fresh game, each attempt has been unbelievably boring and sleep inducing. I could never put my finger on just why that is. I mean, all the elements for a kick-a$$ tactical game are there, plus interactive environments, yet, it's all just sooooo boring.On my latest attempt, I finally figured out why this game bored me to sleep - and it's something we all take for granted. Understandably, due to budget, this game suffers from lack of sound design. A huge open world teeming with activity was created, and if you were a blind NPC within the game, you'd probably think you were the only man left on earth, and everyone else was dead. There's no street chatter, no advertisements urging us to use products, no sounds of vehicles passing by on the streets, and even worse, no sounds made by anyone in battle. Other than the exchange in gunfire, you have no idea what's going on.I know it probably shouldn't matter, but for me, the absence of sound design makes the game boring and unplayable. If the sound design issue was addressed, I'm sure my opinion about this game would be positive, but until then, I'll be stuck with buyers remorse."
76561198009807509,Recommended,268870,17568274,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Halcyon,"Build 0.91 review.This is Syndicate Wars on steroids, and then some.It is a superb recreation of the 90's version that adds many, many more layers of depth and strategy.The good:- multi-faceted character development. Add augmentations, gear/gadgets, weapons, weapon attachments, skill trees- players must keep a fresh clone supply available for respawning their characters after dying. Each respawn degrades the clone's attributes, and new clones must be used so the team doesn't atrophy- research and development system. Find a prototype weapon/gadget, and choose between using it in the field and potentially losing it, or sending it to R&D to eventually mass produce it- R&D requires researchers which must be recruited from the city. Outsourcing is available but costs a lot more to finish the project- skill trees enable multiple strategies, i.e. your infiltrator can spec for cloaking and thievery or raw sniping damage and close quarters melee stealth killing with a katana.Infiltrate facilities either by hacking the doors (using the hacking skill tree), or using your soldier's hardwiring skill to overload the door's power and trip it open. Security cameras can be hacked to turn off for a certain time, or just disable the power generator to a section of a facility- open world game play with a mission system. The main story has a mission chain, but each sector of the city has it's own set of missions that are indepedent of each other, and completely optional. More missions can be found hacking data centers spread throughout the city.Missions can be done either through stealth or brute force (harder)- mission briefings are enhanced with bribing and tips. Optional to spend cash for intel on missions, i.e. weak security at a specific entrance of a facility or acquiring keys to pass a security door- you can hack ATM's to give your team and income stream. You can also rob the central bank for each sector. Send the hacker in to increase the ATM income rate, or send the soldier to just smash and grab for a large lump sum payoutThe not so good:- no meaningful character customization. You must ""shop"" for clones to change your appearance, meaning you cruise the city and ""hack"" a citizen's brain to send him to the cloning vats if you like how he looks. That character model is applied to your agents when they respawn or immediately if you choose- camera can't rotate 360 dgrees, only about 45 degrees or so- swapping weapons always pulls them out at the same time, meaning if you want to switch from SMG to your pistol, you pull the guns out and everyone runs away screaming / police start shooting you for having exposed weapons. Swap weapons in secluded areas only- slightly buggy, but from reading past reviews this has improved with each new build"
76561198052165764,Recommended,268870,24028426,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,mgoctopusboy,"This game is superb.  Stellar.  Fantastic.Saying it is like Syndicate is accurate, only it is much, much better.  And I LOVED Syndicate.Sandbox cyberpunk city, a crew of different skilled runners, a plehtora of facilities to infiltrate.  All at your own pace.Want to crash the gate with all four agents, plasma guns a blazing?  Do it.Want to send in one stealthed agent with proxy hacker to kill the cameras and sneak in and out?  Easily done.Want to send your soldier to the front gate with a laser mini-gun, creating a distraction so your hacker can slide behind the firing guards so he can put a syphon on an ATM?  No sweat.How about hijacking a pedestrian and making him assassinate that target so your crew can be on the other side of town scouting out the next heist?  Totally doable.The sheer number of options available for mission competion in this game is amazing.  I've left agents deep in enemy lines so I could watch guard movements and plan the next attack for hours, all while executing a bank job on the other side of town with my other three agents.  You can do whatever you want, dang near however you want.  Every facility has multiple ins and outs, every camera and door can be taken out in multiple ways, and every carefully planned job can go to crap in a moment.  The game just feels so right, give me a crew, give me augments and weps and gear, and set me loose on a cyberpunk city.  So beautiful.54 hours in and I have not beat it yet.  Still so much to do.  You can spend two hours just planning a job if you want.  I've spent who knows how many of those hours just hijacking people for cloning to increase the stats of my agents, finding the perfect person, then figuring out how to hack them in the middle of that base.  Do I go in after them sneakily?  Or hack a cop and make him attack the gate and hope the guy I want comes out?  Such open ended sandboxian (may have just coined a new phrase) shadowrunning has never been seen before.The game offers you a palet of masterful levels, a team of highly customizable agents (towards the end the combo of ways you can complete tasks given the various gear and augments you have makes the game open itself up more and more as you go), a great ambient sound track fitting of the genre, and the freedom to do as you please.  One of the best shadowrun-esque games ever made, and one of the top sandbox tactics games I have ever played.Now back to figuring out how to smuggle a scientist deep into a heavily guarded corporate facility so he can hack their targeting systems and leave the Eternals with a permanent debuff to accuracy against my crew.  This game rocks."
,Not Recommended,268870,17797967,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Mefiras,"I was very excited about this game. It pains me to admit that it's not good. Here are my points:1. Save system is ridiculous. The fact that you can't save in red zone is stupid. Some missions take more than an hour to go in and out. If you fail in the very end - welcome to the load game screen and start your mission from the very beginning.2. All missions are stealth-only (at least in the beginning). It's impossible to go in force because your enemies are unlimited. They will keep coming no matter how many you kill. And stealth systems in this game are extremely limited and annoying. You can't be 100% sure if the enemy is going to see you or not. There is no cone of vision. Even cameras have weird vision, where sometimes they can see you when you stand under them, sometimes they don't.3. Every mission you do is essential a mission with some kind of a time limit. Because all the hacks of doors/cameras are limited in timed. That in combination with poor stealth implementation and inability to save makes the game frustratingly hard (and there is no difficulty setting).4. AI is very poor. They fight like simpletons. Hiding behind the first obstacle they can see. If I just rush and flank them, they will keep shooting from flanked position not trying to flee. Forget about them trying to flank you or pull any kind of semi-intelligent manoeuvre, not in this game. Sometimes enemy patrol will just stuck walking in circles in one area that you need to get through. You have to just sit in your cover and wait 2-3 minutes until they decided to move on.5. Not sure why this game has been made multi-leveled. You get no tactical advantage by being above your enemy. I've once tried to use my infiltrator to shoot enemy patrol with a silenced sniper rifle from the wall above. He just ran to the lift and decided it's much better to do it from the same level where the enemy is.6. The story in this game is non-existent. You get some brief introduction in the very beginning about big evil corporation that you need to take down and that's it. There is no motivation for you to do any missions. No real story behind them. It's just a puzzle. You go into red zone, you reach the marked door hiding (and failing) behind obstacles, you get money/agent/prototype by walking through the door, you stealth back outside. Why did I do that? I don't know... I just have this list of missions and icons on my map. Player has to find ways to entertain himself in this world. And there is really not many options. It's not a big openworld game like Far Cry. All the missions are the same.I can also mention absolutely stupid tutorial that teaches you how to click your mouse and scroll screen, but doesn't give you enough information about what's that cloning ability that your hacker has etc... etc...All in all, this game is very mediocre. It brings absolutely nothing new or interesting to the genre. I will probably continue playing for a while, because I absolutely love cyberpunk setting, butI wouldn't recommend buying it in it's current state."
,Recommended,268870,27045801,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MyNicknameIsLongerThanYours,Bought it looking for a spiritual successor to Syndicate. Got a spiritual successor to Commandos instead.Can't complain at all.
76561197999498341,Not Recommended,268870,34718534,Posted: 3 September,all,No.3 Mole,"I've tried about three times to like Satellite Reign. In theory, it should be right up my alley - the cyberpunk setting is really neat, the idea of building the team members different ways appeals to me, and all of the subterfuge to get new items and upgrades and should be really fun, right? And, yes, I understand the throwback this game is making to Syndicate.I think the reason I can never even bring myself to play past the first area boils down to A) some fairly clunky controls and B) the incredible amount of micromanagement you're supposed to do with them. Mostly the latter.Don't get me wrong, trying to select your agents one at a time on a screen with that zoom-out cap is already pretty annoying on levels as massive as this game's scale (oh, another should-be positive: the districts are huge and offer lots of exploration). I could get past the zoom limit making it nearly impossible to direct all of my agents with ease... if I could give them some passive directions. If only I could put my infiltrator on overwatch from their vantage point against hostiles targeting my agents instead of needing to break up the flow of whatever other plan I was putting into motion to manually select the infiltrator, tell them to shoot a specific target, and then going back to command everyone else - repeat every time she gets a kill. If only I could set the soldier to automatically engage the closest enemy that's shooting him in his dumb face, instead of needing to also manually set the soldier to a new target every time they take one down.It leads to this really awkward feeling about each engagement where you second guess doing -anything-. Do I go into an enemy base one at a time? Maybe not, because if an enemy wandering around on random patrols happens upon that character while you're trying to get the rest in position, they'll probably be dead before you realize they're in trouble, since they'll just take whatever is done to them. Do you bring everyone in? Nnnno, because trying to path for four characters will cause someone to inevitably stand somewhere obvious instead of hiding properly. So what do you do? Probably sit at the entrance and wait for one enemy at a time to randomly wander by so you can get a stealth kill until they're thin enough that you can keep going. Or try to wipe out the entire enemy force from a defensive position, using command all agents to have them focus fire the enemy of your choosing one at a time.Honestly, it feels like I'm just missing something, but every time I leave someone by themselves with their gun out and expect them to maybe protect themselves, they just take it on the chin. A little bit of friendly AI management could have gone a long way toward making this game really good - without it, it's barely playable.Honestly, I want so badly to like this game and recommend it to someone, fans of cyberpunk settings or something... but for a $30 price tag, with controls that make it so unenjoyable to play, it's honestly difficult for me to suggest it to anyone."
,Recommended,268870,17139038,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,hegermeister,"Syndicate 2K15,  you will love it.   im just missing the Bullfrog Intro."
76561197991403655,Recommended,268870,14820820,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,"Nonchelante-,-","Fantastic game with an amazing atmosphere. You really get the sense that you're living in a dystopian cyberpunk future, and that you command 4 agents from satellite. It's not even alpha yet and i am very impressed with the engine and the way everything works. The sound effects are great, from the radio chatter of patrols to busy streets. Graphics are GREAT and really Bladerunner-y Lots of colors from neon lights to visual billboards. Loveit.Like cyberpunk ? get this early and support the devs. In that vein, the developers of this are experienced and will deliver.  It's like Shadowrun but with dynamic gameplay and and a huge open world. Wanna go guns blazing ? you're covered, wanna sneak ? covered.  You also have research options and implants ! THIS GAME HAS IT ALL :D"
,Recommended,268870,17216450,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,RetardedCousin_Owl™,"Good ol' Syndicate with fancy graphics. In other words, a team of 4 members that you can upgrade with new weapons, tech, fancy skills and toys in a big open city with many places to visit and lots of stuff to steal, kill, etc...Game has a few flaws, like the customization that is based on luck (Basically a cloning system that uses NPCs as templates) and has a good ammount of bugs/poor optimization but looks promising so far and the game still EA.Bullfrog would be proud, in fact, part of dev team were behind the classic Syndicate.If you enjoyed games like Syndicate 1/W, Fallout 1/2, Wasteland 2, Shadowrun, etc... and love everything related to cyberpunk, this game is a must buy. Support these fellas, they have big plans post-release for this game if it is a success."
,Recommended,268870,17753273,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,jumpinjackie,"If you liked Syndicate and Syndicate Wars, and like me was supremely disappointed to find out the game was remade in 2012 as YET ANOTHER GENERIC GREY FPS, then this game is for you! This game is the true successor."
76561198014645565,Not Recommended,268870,32357355,Posted: 11 June,all,blackhawk.16,"This hurts, because I really wanted to like this game. I really, really did.Visually, it's nice. The classic rain-slick streets of cyberpunk, the visual distinction between the districts should, in theory, give each a personality, but they all feel rather dull, like a blank canvas. The cyberpunk aesthetic is rarely done right anymore, so that got me in (that and a deep sale discount) and meant I gave the game more of a leash than I probably should have. Unfortunately, that's about the extent of the good.Everything goes to Hell after the tutorial. Because there's no tactical pause, managing your way through the restricted areas where most of the game's action takes place becomes a tedious process. You have to camp out in a spot out of sight for several minutes to put together a plan of action and execute that plan in real time while simultaneously managing more than one or all four agents, which can take quite a while and can lead to a lot of mistakes that could be avoided by the implementation of pretty much the only common combat mechanic among isometric RPGs. This is presumably a design choice to echo Syndicate, which the game claims at its spiritual predecessor. What it is in reality is a swing, a miss, and a batter hitting himself in the back of the head on his own follow-through. Hard.That leads me to the combat, which is a complete disaster and where the game decisively falls apart for me. Enemies are bullet sponges to the 'nth degree while your team is made of tissue paper by comparison. The aforementioned lack of tactical pause makes managing firefights untenable; you will frequently be reloading your last save if you get spotted, which means you might've just wasted 45 minutes getting into a place only to get TPK'd on the way out and having to start over from scratch. I had that happen a time or two and eventually gave up, not just on those missions, but on Satellite Reign as a whole.I'm all for a game being difficult or challenging the player at first to build a sense of progression, but that progression only materializes at the expense of hours of tedium and slogging through poor design choices here. Spend your time and money elsewhere."
76561198126278109,Recommended,268870,32442678,Posted: 15 June,all,Veksha,"I have extremely mixed feelings about Satellite Reign. I guess, I can cautiously - very cautiously - recommend this game, but Satellite Reign has a significant number of flaws. So, what this game can offer?First of all, there is dense atmosphere of cyberpunk. Action takes place in amazingly beautiful futuristic city: from dirty slums to sterile high-tech streets flooded with neon light... endless streams of cars and crowds of citizens rush through the streets, police and corporate guards are doing their daily patrols, drones and cameras vigilantly search for those who do not fit into the system. Surroundings in Satellite Reign are really well done. Spend a little time, walk the streets, admire the scenery - it is worth it.There is a huge amount of weapons, implants, gadgets and other ""cyberpunk stuff"", so player can improve and customize his characters. At the very beginning of the game agents will be equipped only with pistols and light guns, but even first successful missions will bring a decent variety of equipment.There is a solid stealth system. To avoid patrols, cameras and security systems, player must plan his actions and improvise. Each complex is a labyrinth full of cameras, turrets and guards, and in each case there are two or three possible routs to target. For example, you can go through the main gate, or use a rope, or bribe a guard and enter side door, or sneak through a ventilation shaft. When it comes to skirmish, opponents are trying to be smart: they use cover, call for help and attack agents from flanks.Unfortunately, there are more than enough flaws in this game too. So:Storyline is very weak. Game offers tons of text, which is completely useless, as it does not affect anything. You can go through the game completely without reading a single line of briefings.In my opinion game is very monotonous and this is the main problem. All quests fit in short formula - ""go in, hack target, go out"". Whatever briefing tells you, goals are always the same. Did you successfully completed your first mission? Well, all other missions will be exactly the same, only the scenery will be replaced and enemies will be more powerful.As for enemies. During the whole game you will fight with same set of opponents: raw conscript, heavy infantry, commander with shield, drone, robo-dog, stationary turret and jammer. At late stages you will encounter heavy robots, but there are not many of them. That is all. Where are the agents of rival corporations? Looks like there is only four guys in whole city who are smart enough to use sniper rifles, hacking tools and field medicine, and these four guys are... our team. In my opinion enemies are quite boring.Skirmishes sometimes are looking like Benny Hill Show. Well, enemies are trying to be smart, but they are not, and this causing a tons of funny (or stupid) situations, corporate security acts... very strange, speaking mildly. Soldiers, marching right into poison gas, or unable to find your agent, who hides right under their noses - this is very typical for Satellite Reign. As for final battle... well, ""defeat same guy for three times"" - this is... ugh!Economic system is horrible, in fact all you need is time. Just hack a couple of ATM and wait, your money reserve will grow slowly but surely. You do not need to plan your expenses, you always can wait and, well, drink some tea while hacked ATM are providing you with infinite income. There are no choices and no planning, just waiting.""Huge living city"" is not so huge and definitely is not so alive. Cars are aimlessly rolling around in circles and you can not interact with them. Theoretically, there are three factions in game, but it does not affect anything, corporations do not interact with each other, only occasionally you can see how a patrol shoots an unfortunate NPC who accidentally wandered into restricted area. Yes, city looks great. But it is just scenery. City is dead. And do not expect that evening news will tell about bold bank robbery, which your team did yesterday...Last small drop. City looks great and pretty, but inhabitants of city are... not pretty. I hardly can accept what the characters in this game look like. Soldiers of corporate security are looking excellent in their futuristic armor, but common citizens... they all are clowns or what? I can accept it when it comes to Downtown where all sorts of punks and freaks are living, but inhabitants of high class districts? In my opinion, this clothes are just ridiculous.Underdone. Unfinished. Unpolished. This is the words that are best suited for Satellite Reign. I really hoped that developers will release a couple of updates (I even agree for DLC), which will expand and enhance the gameplay. Unfortunately, this did not happen, and Satellite Reign is still a raw gem, nothing more.Well... Satellite Reign is not a bad game, but I can not call it good. It is... average. If you love cyberpunk style - grab this game for cheap at huge sale. Despite incompleteness, Satellite Reign can offer some decent fun, just do not expect much."
76561198007903434,Not Recommended,268870,17992315,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Kowachi,"The game can be very fun, when it works. It has a nice cyberpunk atmosphere, a lot of replayability and a good ending I didn't see coming.However, this game was released way too early. It is rife with bugs and glitches that make the game much, much more frustrating than it should be. I wouldn't have minded the micromanaging and no-pause gameplay if I didn't have to worry about horrible pathfinding (my agents would often get stuck on corners), idiotic A.I. (guards continuouslty running in place/into closed gates), clipping through the environment (Agents and escort NPCs would OFTEN get stuck in the environment, or just warp through walls, fall through floors, etc.), Agents simply refusing to obey commands (not a feature, just stuck A.I.) and a long list of other problems. Nearly all of which forced me to find another way to complete a given task, which renders the whole ""find your own approach"" thing moot. I even needed to use debug commands on occasion because there was nothing else to be done in order to progress.If these issues hadn't started becoming annoying well after the first two hours, I would have requested a refund. But instead I powered through to the end, simply because, as I said, when the game works as intended it is a ton of fun. It's just a shame that that fun often comes to a screeching halt due to the bugs and glitches.By the end, I felt like I was still playing an Early Access build, not the final released product. I hope the devs keep supporting it and taking care of these bugs and maybe I'll give it another, more positive review in the future. but as it stands, I can't recommend it."
76561197962079393,Recommended,268870,14843987,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,40oz to Freedom,"Your first question when looking at this game is most likely to be ""Is this Syndicate/Syndicate Wars reimagined?"" The simple answer is yes. If there had been a true sequel to the series instead of a shooter it would be this game. Even the audio is recognizable.If you enjoyed the Syndicate series from the 90s then you should pick up this title and support it in early access. The more people who do, the better it will get, and I really wish more designers would take this sort of risk, go independent and bring back the sort of games that many of us grew up with and loved.The design is really nice, the graphics are beautiful to look at, and there are cover mechanics which make so much sense in a game like this. There are variations in how you approach some of the quests and objectives in the game, you don't have to blast your way through every checkpoint, you can hack terminals and stealth your way through, of course when the time comes to go loud, the firefights can be intense. The AI will attempt to flank you, call for reinforcements, flush you out and you do have to manage your team to cover eachother and move, slipping away into the night and blending in with the crowd.In the future I'd like to see some multiplayer modes of course, and some originality in the approach to it, drop-ins would be great, as well as multiplayer specific objectives. Moddability would also be great, I'd love to see some player created cities or total conversions, I could see people making some awesome RPGs with the concepts here.I've only recently picked up the game and I'll have more to add to this review as time goes on, in the meantime pick it up while it's on sale and support the developers, at the very least it's Syndicate with a complete graphical and gameplay overhaul, and that's definitely worth the price."
76561198006538098,Not Recommended,268870,28171365,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Inf,"Being a huge Syndicate fan I really wanted to like this game, but didn't.  Mainly because of the stealth mechanics, or lack thereof.  Satellite Reign wants you to play it stealthily, to sneak around from cover to cover, and I'm fine with that, love a good stealth game. But SR also  lacks the depth or finesse of dedicated stealth titles , like Invisible Inc, Mark of the Ninja etc. Similarly, combat feels lacklustre, with agents just standing in place firing shots until someone drops.  Weapons feel weak, enemies are all bullet sponges.  None of it gelled for me. Shame, because I wanted to love this game so hard. :("
76561197995408431,Not Recommended,268870,17784035,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,PenguChuck,"I like to love this game, but I'd like to love it more.Content wise, we have a full game here, a huge game map that has you sneaking and spriting around to key points to avoid patrols.Plenty of ways to customise your squad.and a huge map, seriously its pretty big.Satellite Reign offers pretty interesting Team Based Tactical RTS gameplay that pulls players into the world...To a certain point, then stops, abruptly.The tutorial is suitable to get you aquainted with the controls and eases you into the game nicely. Unfortunatly after you leave the little tutorial area things start to get wonky.Once I crossed that first bridge and made my way to the streets I found tons of cars, some piled onto each other, some floating, still more ramming the jammed cars. This wasn't limited to just one area either. Most streets were piled up like this, making movement across them difficult.A quick restart seemed to have fixed this issue. But couldn't fix the rather unresponsive and painful Agent movement AI...It is horrible.I often have to click and reclick areas for my agents to move into because one, or all will fail to actually get behind cover, they seem to like standing at the very edge of cover, like a dog hiding behind a barren branch of a house plant. Going up and down elevators often has my agents piling up on the side of the elevator in an endless running animation that I can't seem to cancel, and overall responsiveness to commands is rather slow.Combat and stealth are both negilible there really are no pros or cons to each. Eventually you don't even use combat or stealth. Because in compounds where you have to infiltrate and raid stuff it is usually as easy as running in and running back out no stealth or fighting required, though you will trip some alarms don't worry! Enemy AI is rather dumb, the enemy movents are also pretty slow. Often times I just find myself sprinting past them with my loot, once you leave the compound you are as good as gone because the enemy rarely follows you that far. Hell they rarely follow you around a cornor, assuming you can make it around yourself without getting caught on something.I also seem to experience some pretty random crashes.I like the game, I really do it has its moments. But there are some key things the devs need to address before I can recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,268870,17784322,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,|TG| Eudiphon,"So, as someone completely new to the genre, I'm thinking of the best way to describe this game.Atmosphere wise, the game has a very blade runner type feel to it -- something the devs aren't shy about, as they have random small name references in the game like ""Deckard Corp"" to pay tribute to the visual style.Gameplay wise, it feels like a game that is combo of company of heroes squad movement (cover usage) + Deus Ex skill and augment type upgrades + diablo style angled view / hotkey usage -- mashed into a game; all of which comes across very well.Unlike some games where stealth is an after thought, this game thoroughly rewards you for making stealth based choices in your character builds. There have been plenty of times where an enemy base looks insane on the map, only to find, with the right skills, you can get right in through a back entrance with almost no resistance if you look hard enough.Only complaint is that it 'can' feel a little grindy at times. Although, in an hour or two you can make a lot of progress quickly that feels rewarding. So it's not too bad.Overall, I'm really liking the game for the price.  $30 seems like a fair price so far just based on what I've played."
76561198023507159,Recommended,268870,15972958,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,the.grognard,"This is an OK game that would be a LOT better with a tactical pause.  It has a love of ""Syndicate Wars"" and fans of that game do not want any of that old school game-play changed.I can recommend the game for what it is...a homage to SW and good finger exercise...but squad tactics and the cyberpunk theme is woefully hidden behind a wall of somewhat silly mechanics. This game is ALL about the mechanics.It can be fun.  It is what it is.  Your millage may differ depending on your expectations.UPDATE ======================================The released version of the game lets you start with a stim pack that, in effect, slows down time.  This serves as the tactical pause that I longed for in early access.  The game is very control heavy, but it's not the keyboard management nightmare it once was."
,Not Recommended,268870,32486558,Posted: 16 June,all,Granite,"I really wanted to like this game. I grew up on the original Syndicate and Syndicate Wars, and happily completed them both, so I was really looking forward to something in the same vein. Satellite Reign delivers on the feel and the style... but sadly botches the approach by screwing up the difficulty level.In Syndicate, even a basic level agent was more than a match for a security guard, but in SR in the first few levels you are embarassingly outgunned and generally weaker than enemies you are facing. Combine that with the random nature of the cover simulator, and your team can be emptying shotguns in to guards at zero range to no effect... if they're even doing that with the non-existent AI.As such, the first section of the game simply has to be played as a stealth game. Not in the high profile/low profile of the old games either, where you sneak in and the open up suddenly once inside the perimiter, but as pure stealth, sneaking up behind enemies unaware for headshots, as any other approach simply doesn't do enough damage to kill even a single enemy before alarms are sounded and every nearby enemy descends on you.While annoyingly limiting, this approach does work for the first few small areas... and then you hit your first compound. These are huge sections of the map where there is no low profile option. Being seen there immediately sounds alarms, and you are promply rushed by a dozen guards from all directions, who will either kill your team or escort them off site. When that happens... the compound resets. All the guards that you have patiently spent an hour removing are back, and you have to do it all over again. After the sixth time trying to progress through the first compound after a trivial pathing error scrubbed an hours progress, (because the stealth mechanics suck, enemies home straight in on silenced weapons unless you do a stealth kill, which even with a sniper rifle requires that you be virtually sitting in their lap, and being spotted at all is effectively an instant fail) I gave up in disgust.The worst part is that you can see that there are so many cool toys potentially available to get round these problems. There are gear and cyberware tabs that are completely empty after hours of play, because all of that stuff is locked behind stupidly hard missions you have to complete with nothing more than the starting gear. This could be a great game... but that greatness is locked behind opening areas that discourage experimentation and force mind numbing levels of repetition until you get everything exactly right in a real time situation.As I said, I'd really have liked to enjoy this... there's potential in there. But the designers seem to have made a colossal mistake in locking what might be a really good Syndicate successor with free-form gameplay behind a poorly designed out and horribly punishing stealth game."
76561198080810063,Recommended,268870,17379800,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ODDity,"I supported this from the moment I saw it. Let's be honest, I loved the original Syndicate, this feels like the spiritual successor to it and even some members of the development team worked on the original which shows through in spades.The tutorial introduces the basics and you'll gather together the team of 4 which will be with you throughout the game.The city is divided up in to several districts which require special credentials to access, this means initially bribing, shooting, generally making a mischief of yourself in the different areas to aquire the passes, whilst also subverting the local corporations' operation in the zone to make make things easier on your team if the need arises.How you go about it is very open ended - as you roam the city and hack data terminals, logs and missions come to light which are up to you which order to complete or take note of, if indeed you will bother at all. It seems to me that visiting the zones and installing all the ATM syphons possible in order to plough money in to research is as valid as anything else.On the subject of strategy, of course you could go in loud with guns blazing - often enough this seem like the last resort. Making use of the robust cover and stealth system allows for your agents equipped with the necessary skills to sneak around, climb through vents, hack in to power terminals and even hack guards on your way to the goal without firing a shot on the way to subvert the evil corporations. There are things in the mission which are discoverable, and not immediately obvious which give the game an immersive feel and lets the mind wander, consider possibilities, look around the map and find the weak spot that suits your team and methods rather than being a linear play through. The tools and augments at hand need to be considered, the layout of the facility and an individual's approach to a given set of objectives taken in to account.Things inevitably go wrong on missions such as these.. you get spotted due to bad planning, being over confident, whatever it is, that is where combat starts to happen. Stimulants from the support team member can slow down time and recover health, whilst allowing precious moments to reposition and set your sniper up to obtain the advantage. Or maybe you book it to the nearest vent and try to hide until the heat dies down and regroup. It's not an easy game and things can go from absolutely peachy to a maelstrom in seconds sometimes.Far from being out of the game after losing a battle, perhaps during the process you were able to ""persuade"" (or hack in this case) a guard or two on the way which will allow you to replace the clones you have, or maybe it's possible to drop them in using the F.R.E.D system. I dont want to give too much away. The game introduces early on the idea of obtaining ""clones"" from the people on the street to restock your team in the event that things go pear shaped and the city offers a wide variety of people with different abilities and benefits. Guards and police can make special prizes if you can get them onside.The scenery of the city is great, reminiscent again of the great Syndicate of old reminding me with its overpasses, huge video screens on buildings beaming advertisements or propaganda in to the street and the people wandering about, going to bars and hanging out at the market. The ever oppressive corporate police force and their drones stalk the city looking for citizens who step out of line. The cars whizz around on the tight roads in each district which has it's own vibe and layout.This game really got my heart going as I hoped not to be discovered by the drones and 5 strong security force which passed right by my hiding place in a secure area as I planned to steal some stuff. It feels like a real world where in some spots, you're really responsible for this little crew, in a world dominated by forces bigger than your own."
,Recommended,268870,17816152,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,GRRRR,"In the original Syndicate i wandered around shooting everything until my poofy pantsed green manthings died. I might have clicked around in some menues. After 10 minutes i quit. This revamp held (and currently holds) my attention abit longer.The ""story"" is simple and told thru a single cutscene over the whole game (i assume theres one at the end) : Theres evil corporations who dominate the world and are rich so you use four super (eventually) agents to subvert and sabotage their stuff because youre just as evil but without the dominating and rich parts.After a short tutorial youre pretty much free to go wherever and do whatever you want to the various installations littered all over the world with no barriers except your dudes being to weaksauce to tackle some harder targets (theres border checkpoints requiring some extra work for passage but you could theoretically shoot your way thru aswell).To remedy that you earn xp by doing stuff and leveling up your guys rpg style (no refunds) and equipment and money by doing missions - which almost always entail getting into a place and then getting out with the items alive. But theres also other stuff like simply breaking into the sectors guard station to weaken overall security and the like.The four classes are :- Soldier : Huge beefy shooty man (or woman depending on the clone) being good at being huge, beefy and shooty. Has his own version of hacking for simple mechanical devices- Support : Scan ability (Batvision) and various increasingly powerful passive squad bonuses- Assassin : Snipz0r, more importantly can go invisible and use shortcuts other agents would need gear or augments for- Hacker : Gets the torrents and pr0n, can use drones (meh) and mindjack people for a WIDE range of shenanigansLike mentioned you level up your dudes and put points into stuff to get abilities or stronger versions of them. Then theres also outfitting with weapons, gear (from medkits to armor to zip line hooks) and augments (i asked for this) which all can be gained by buying from the black market at horrid prices or nabbing prototypes from various places and then use them right away or research for mass production X-Com style.Since the whole thing is basically a fancy breaking-and-entering sim it could have fallen flat on its butt very easily if the maps or tools provided were badly or boringly designed. This isnt the case, each place is unique and presents a unique layout and challenge.Theres more stuff like the cloning and bonus attributes and whatnot but i guess this is quite enough. Recommended"
,Recommended,268870,17701084,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Mooj,"I recommend and review games rarely; most are fodder that I just churn through, especially early access titles. Satellite Reign is the rare exception to this. It takes everything that was right with the classic Syndicate and its sequel, Syndicate Wars, adds an nice dash of inspiration from Dawns of War I & II.The presentation is beautiful, putting lie to undeserved reputation the Unity engine gets from low-rent mobile developers and indie devs with big ideas and small skillsets.Graphically the game shines, even on mid-spec systems, with high-end systems taking the cyberpunk-noirish feel to the next level. The city is bathed in perpetual night and omnipresent rain with neon signs (and tonemapping) abounding, giving it a mise-en-scene evoking Blade Runner.The music is equally nice, quoting liberally from Syndicate -- no surprise since 5 Lives' first Kickstarter stretch goal was to hire Russell Shaw, the composer and sound designer behind Syndicate and Syndicate Wars, as well as plenty of other Bullfrog and Lionhead titles.The level design is also great, having an open world that's broken up into districts, giving Satellite Reign a much bigger, more sprawling feel than its spiritual predecessor, as is fitting for the cyberpunk genre. The districts each feel noticeably distinct, even perpetually dark and wet as they are, from the gritty, working-class industrial district to the gleaming, gentrified Grid, a religious enclave devoted to a transhumanist AI cult.5 Lives has also been quite good with their fundraising and delivery. Their Kickstarter was one of the most well-thought-out Kickstarters I'd ever seen, showing a sense of budgeting and proportion that deviates from the standard Kickstarter fare that deviates wildly between promising each investor a personal, life-sized replica of Europe for five dollars or million dollar stretch goals to give you the ability to save your game.With this kind of budgeting and good money sense, you get the feeling 5 Lives intends to stand behind their promise of continuing to use funds generated from the pre- and post-launch purchases to flesh out the game more. While the last leg of develop has seen fully fleshing out the four districts originally planned for that funding level (Downtown, Industrial, Grid, and CBD districts), it's clear that the game is a labor of love for 5 Lives, and it's not hard to imagine they fully intend to complete the game as they originally wanted it, with the two additional districts (Slums and Sci-Tech) and factions (Disconnected and ... well, Sci-Tech, respectively) added in as budget allows.This also raises the promise of post-launch cooperative, which the game is simply begging for. It's no doubt that this would be a massive undertaking in terms of netcode, implementation, and balance, but the design of the game itself, from the unique skillsets of the agents the player controls to the absolute scope, screams for interplayer cooperation and communication, similar to the Dawn of War games Satellite Reign takes its inspiration from.With that in mind, it's pretty well recommended that you purchase this -- the single player is complete as it stands, guaranteeing your money's worth. The very realistic promise of future expansion, as well as the smart delivery of previous promises made by the developer, only stretches your gaming buck more.There are complaints, of course: Gone is the Nintendo-hard aspects of the original Syndicate series, as anybody who's played the final Atlantic Accelerator mission from Syndicate will attest to. Or, for that matter, the first level of Syndicate's expansion, American Revolt.Part of this lack of difficulty is from the commensurate lack of squishiness on the part of both your own agents and the enemies. As anybody who's played the original Syndicate series will remember, the glorious carnage was borne in large part by how fragile and human everybody in the game was, including your own cyborgs, whose deaths never failed to remind you that they were heavily-armed bits of cybernetic hardware, albeit grafted on to hairless apes, with all the mortality that implies.You won't find yourself molested by police who quickly die in a hail of gunfire, and some of the more frenetic firefights can go from tense to protracted as you watch your agents slowly chew through enemy armor. You also won't find as many civilians caught in the crossfire, though it does happen. And with that lack of squishiness on the part of your agents, you can often go feeling particularly unthreatened.That's simply honesty, however, and shouldn't deter you from buying, playing, and enjoying the game."
,Recommended,268870,15872977,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Bagame,Update ver.1.06.05จากสถานะลูกผีลูกคนที่อุดมไปด้วยบั๊กส์ใหญ่น้อยละลานกระจายเต็มทุกพื้นที่หน่วยความจำ สู่ชิ้นงานเกมวางแผนโลกเปิดสายไซเบอร์พังก์ที่น่าจับตามอง ทีม 5 Lives Studios ใส่ใจในการปรับปรุงข้อเสียปลีกย่อย และขับเน้นข้อเด่นของการเล่นแบบวางแผนกึ่งโลกเปิด ในการผจญภัยของสี่จารชนเพื่อโค่นล้มบรรษัทยักษ์ใหญ่ ที่ผู้เล่นมีอิสระในการที่จะเลือกทำภารกิจ ตกแต่งความสามารถ และเข้าถึงเป้าหมายได้ในหนทางที่ต้องการ ไม่ใช่เพียงคอนเซปต์ในหน้ากระดาษ หากแต่เป็นสิ่งที่สามารถปฏิบัติได้อย่างเห็นจริง ไม่มีสถานการณ์ใดที่เกิดขึ้นซ้ำ ไม่มีความยากที่เป็นไปไม่ได้ การผสมผสานทีมที่ลงตัวของสี่จารชนจะเปิดหนทางการเข้าถึงและเสร็จสิ้นภารกิจหนึ่งๆ ได้อย่างหลากหลาย มากมายราวกับไร้ที่สิ้นสุดวัดจากจำนวนทีมงานที่มีเพียงแค่ห้าชีวิต กับคุณภาพที่เห็นประจักษ์ชัด ไม่เกินเลยถ้าจะกล่าวว่าพวกเขาได้สร้าง 'ศักราช' แห่งไซเบอร์พังก์บทใหม่ของตนเองแล้วอย่างเป็นทางการ ควรค่าแก่ตำแหน่งผู้สืบทอดแห่งซีรีส์ Syndicate และ Syndicate Wars จากอดีตทีมระดับตำนาน Bullfrog โดยแท้หมายเหตุ: 5 Lives Studios คือกลุ่มนักพัฒนาเกมอดีตลูกทีมค่าย Bullfrog นำโดย Mike Diskett ที่เคยฝากผลงานใน Syndicate Wars ภาคต้นตำรับปี 1996 มาแล้ว
76561198052232357,Not Recommended,268870,17894330,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ditsy,"First let me say that personally I really enjoyed this game yet I can't really recommend it because it has some huge flaws most people won't be willing to deal with.Also just to point out: This review was written from my experience with the game right after release - some of these issues might be improved in the future.What I enjoyed:- Great cyberpunk setting and visuals- atmospheric OST- the ending follows the pattern of an infamous trope but they somehow managed to make it work - thanks mostly to a good and fitting ending song- allows for different approaches- combat is rather fun if kinda repetitive - not to say that the stealth isn't fun at all but it just gets too easy and trivial pretty quicklyWhat's bad:- very poor optimization- reaaally terrible pathfinding. Some of the most unbelievable examples are that very fast characters (mostly the Infiltrator) won't even be able to turn a corner right in front of him without the pathfinding spazzing out. Instead he will run into the corner, stumble back and then thanks to the forceful repositioning he will finally be able to pass the corner without bumping into anything.- excessive unnecessary micromanagement in a real-time only game - it just doesn't give any options to manage your characters eg. aggressive/passive stances and/or any kind of sentry mode a la Fallout Tactics, let alone any kind of scriptable macros  like ""use shield recharge when shields below 25%"" a la Dragon Age. Combat stims - an ability of one of your agents - is supposed to be a bit of an replacement for a tactical pause but its execution is pretty broken, upgrading it is actually very counterproductive but once you realize this you're already stuck with it and no rollback is possible. I ended up pretty much never using it.- which leads us to the second big bugbear: The latter is intentional because 'mah artistic vision' thus the devs seem intent to ignore the common criticism the game received that it lacks many basic functions expected in a tactical RTS.- this is made worse by the fact that the micro management mostly is just busywork, your bigger picture strategy is really whats gonna be critical in deciding encounters in your favour- the story is pretty much non-existent. Not really an issue for me in a game like this but it's worth mentioning.- the stealth approach is a bit too heavily emphasized or vice versa the combat oriented approach too heavily penalized- kind of in the same vein: the pacing is very odd, you get the best stealth gear/implants midway through the game but the best combat gear barely before the game ends. I even had to aimlessly idle around attacking random stuff I already had raided before while the research on said combat equip finished up before the final mission.- the save system is too restrictive - while you can save any time everything in the word will be reset and you will be relocated to a relay/""safe area"" upon load. It's impossible to resume an infiltration/attack and considering that it can take around 2h for large compounds later in the game if you wanna hit all facilities this can be a real problem. You don't have an option to shut down the game with the word state intact and resume next time either. You can use OS functions like hibernate as a workaround but the game itself really should offer solutions for this.In conclusion this game is a 'more than flawed' gem, a bit of a wasted opportunity really. Kind of flawed to the degree where it burst into pieces but instead of trying to piece them together the devs are stubborn about leaving it at that and calling it modern art.The sentry/stance issue and the hideous pathfinding that never should have made it past early access are the biggest reasons why I can't recommend this game in good conscience - especially because the 'mah artistic vision' attitude of the devs indicates nothing of this will be improved in future patches.Personally I still enjoyed this game a lot but that's mostly because I played enough old games with similar issues (too much unnecessary micromanagement, bad pathfinding) to have grown a bit numb to these issues - but I still call them out for what they are: flaws, not ""artistic quirks"" worth striving for. If anything even if you have a fetish for this stuff just give the player more options.Some food for thought: One month after the release global stats show that only ~3.5% of players actually finished the game. Completion rates tend to be surprisingly low for all games in general, but 3.5% is just awful.Edit: Small update: It's getting close to one year since release and on a whim I checked the game out again. The good news: the Infiltrator seems to be able to round corners without the pathfinding bugging out now.However the completion rate for this game is still only around ~5-6% which is a good amount below usual rates and a good indicator that a lot of players didn't seem to find the game interesting enough or too flawed to stick with until the end."
76561197973392158,Recommended,268870,31794555,Posted: 16 May,all,Vylon,"It is the Best and also the Only decent Multiplayer capable remake of Syndicate or any kind of cyberpunk-like games. The low budget feels in places, but the really important stuff is there. Some odd design decisions here and there but all works. The only actual negative about this game is the lack of More. More everything would really make a difference, and probably add more replay value. But I am actually amazed that the Devs could pull it off in the game industry of nowadays.All in all, one of my favourite games with all it's flaws. And I am dreaming about expansions, and a sequel but... yeah, dreams.Anyways, if you are a guy with a bit of patience, a bit of brains and you like the concept at all, go for it. If you have ppl to co-op with, it is actually a blast."
76561198005288135,Recommended,268870,13323895,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,p30pl3h4t3m3,"@beta status: well allright, it's playable and it seems all content is inside. some bugs are still there but this guys are fast in development (for a team of this small size). i like the open world city gameplay and ""do your own way"" style to get control over the city and finish missions, so it is a more advanced successor of syndicate. i love it and need to spend more time in this game... so it is worth to buy ?if you like ""cyberpunk themed real time squad based strategy/tactics/managment with rpg elements in an open world city and a free choice mission system"" ...YES !!! you want this game...@ EAwell it's a pre alpha. there is one buggy level, most functions not implemented, things would not working (that maybe should work) and even routefinding is horrible. so lots of work to do for the devs.however, finally damn f**king yes !!! basics are fine and we get a real ""syndicate (wars)"" successor. even in this version the cyberpunk atmosphere is great. show some love and support if you want original syndicate gameplay.everyone else should wait for release or more playable version."
,Recommended,268870,21751106,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,glassoctopus,"This is one of the best spiritual successors to date!!!If you are not a fan of the original Bullfrog Syndicate games… go to GOG, try them out, and understand how amazing this game is.As far as the market standard, this game is 100%As an indie developer, please don’t make the same mistake as AAA publishers. Keep developing this title.Please.>There is an opportunity for procedural missions that could span different Zones. (From existing mission points)>There is an opportunity to be able to upgrade current equipment, to hold more ammo, have more slots for enhancements and generally put the OP in prototype.>There is an opportunity to combine the above.Since the engine is working, there is an opportunity, to have another kickstarter to create more zones, and have “prequel campaign” expanding the experience.Could we have a home base, one that even gets attacked.Could the city breath a little more?-When a camera is shot down, a maintenance crew is called and the repair the camera… if your agents take these guys out, another check is made after a certain amount of time and another crew is sent. Same with all destructible objects. Adding depth and another gameplay consequence.-Could VIP’s carrying new weapons and augmentations be escorted by tanks and guards from quest point to quest points?-Cars… this seems to be in need of cleaning up.-Can mechs and tanks patrol?Missions that require specific # of agents and a cap on equipment. –these could take place in specific areas “inside of buildings” with only specific controls to and a predetermined set path to complete.Mission editor… needs it’s own crowd source campaign.Based on your performance as a development studio, I would fund another aspect of this project. (why work on another game when you can keep building this one into a monumental experience, that you as a team can obviously pull off?)You aim to deliver and are building trust in your brand by creating what you promise.#5live♥♥♥♥esAwesome"
,Not Recommended,268870,19903130,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,pepemustard,"Before people jump the gun, and think this is a total negative review, it's not. I've been a long time fan of Syndicate. When I heard this announced, I was very excited. Shadowrun had recently come back to life, now a spiritual successor to Syndicate was on the way. Life was becoming awesome again.I'm going to start off by saying I like the art style of the game.  It's very well done. Visually, I really like the game. Tracking down and bribing scientists to join your cause, people to help sabotage cameras, etc. is all good in my books. Even the fact that I primarily get funding by robbing people and banks makes it even better.My biggest gripe, and what gives me so much frustration, and subsequently, this title a negative review, is the combat.My squad is dumber than a sack of potatoes. They have, zero AI.Getting shot? Cool, just take it bro. No need to react on your own accord.Click to attack an enemy on the other side of a wall? Just keep shooting the wall! Don't try to go around then fire, that's just crazy.Taking a lot of fire? Why take cover? Just stand there while the opponent's AI makes smart decisions. Like opening fire, then running to cover, then waiting a few seconds before firing again.While I don't totally regret buying this game, mostly because I got it on sale, either the player team's AI needs a serious overhaul, or the game needs a pause function so I can issue orders to my team of marauding lobotomized clones, so they don't die in 10 seconds during a firefight.edit: I should also add, that I play this game on Ironman. So when a clone with high physical stats dies, it can take a while to find a replacement body with similar stats. Otherwise, you're stuck resurrecting them into the lowest-tier body available, which makes life difficult if you're doing a difficult mission."
76561198039596192,Recommended,268870,17821000,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,randomroll,"Can't spend too much time writing a review, must play more Satellite Reign.This game hits all my buttons.Multiple approaches to free-form problems allow for dynamic puzzle solving feel to infiltrating corporations. Combat is there for when I get restless.RPG advancement, at a reasonable pace, helps me to feel invested in the progress of my crew.Death is punishing enough to feel painful, but with some time investment you can get right back to where you were.Interesting art/style/music to the game keeps me wanting to come back as soon as I'm able.Brilliant game; perfect for my play style.Biggest negative to this game is that I know it's going to be over at some point and I'll be left wanting more."
76561198001670087,Recommended,268870,17920941,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Morilac,"This game was an absolute delight from start to finish. It 100% delivers on the kind of experience it promises.What I liked:It's never punishing. It's not easy, but I could play casually for an hour or two at a time, and I had no problem experimenting with very different styles of play. Every awesome combo you think might work? It works awesomely. Nothing feels nerfed or unsatisfying, and I felt rewarded for experimenting.It's a truly open world. My favorite part of each mission was panning over the target base, considering the tremendous breadthe of options. Sneaking from cover to cover with cloak, hijacking guards to open doors, turning off the generators to lock out reinforcements, blasting everyone to pieces... virtually any strategy can work if done right.The city and theme are perfect. The city is vast and full of little details (the names of the businesses cram in every sci-fi reference imaginable).  There were dozens of bases for the ~100 missions, and they never felt repetitive.  I am hard-pressed to think of a game setting more richly realized.What I didn't like:The interface will be your biggest enemy. Firefights happen very fast, uninjured opponents blend into the scenery, and killing the enemy radioing for back-up can be the difference between victory and a Bolivian army ending.  This only gets worse as your units will gain more abilities requiring activation. The Team Stim ability functions a bit like an active pause, but it has too many quirks (it slows down scrolling too, it requires a recharge, etc).It's buggy. Nothing game breaking, but the bugs are plentiful. One example: NPCs in my party frequently couldn't use vents and got stuck in the geometry. Another example: At the moment I finished the game, I had an ability on which slowed time to 10%... which then stayed on for the entire final cut scene.The rules aren't clear or consistent.It was often very difficult to determine the consequences of a given action, and there were many instances where the AI behaved in an odd or inconsistent way.  One example: Hijacked (mind-controlled) enemies can walk by most opponents just fine, but turrets invariably blasted them to pieces, for no clear reason.  Another example: Cloaked melee attacks resulted in no response about half the time, and all the opponents immediately going on alert the other half.The plot and characters could be more interesting.  The overall plot and the individual missions aren't much more than ""those guys are bad"" and ""theres money and weapons here"".  There were several game elements (resurrection, cloning, hijacking peoples brains) which had huge potential to deal with complex body horror/human nature themes, but were never really explored.Ultimately, I loved this game.  It left me hoping 5 Lives makes a bigger budget sequel with more plot and polish."
,Recommended,268870,14817658,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,VenomEXsoldier,"If you love Sci Fi, or if you Fan of Metal Gear solid, The original syndicate games, or even Dues Ex series. You well love this game. The game gives you freedom of what ever you want to do from going in stealth or going in guns blazing. Its a very slow paced game at the beginning but if you ever played ""Commandos"" than you well love this game. Each class play differently and you have to make them work together to complete your missions.Overall its to hard to judge the game now but from what am seeing it has a lot of potential of becoming one of my favourite games out there."
76561198003316075,Recommended,268870,17755239,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,VXV,"Pretty amazing little game. Looks beautifull and plays fun. To be honest I never played Bullfrog's Syndicate, but I have some idea, so I think it's pretty close. But with all that flashy cyberpunk I feel like the game is a little hollow inside. And by that I mean it lacks some character, or charisma. It actually doesn't do a lot of exposition and the story is there just to be there. I really want to compare it with Shadowrun Returns since they are kindof two sides of the same coin. Shadowrun is really engaging, so interesting to follow, but not actually ""a lot of fun"" to play. SR on the other hand is damn fun, but man I wish there was more reason for all of it. Also I recall Syndicate had some indoor interiors which this game has not. But other than  that it's surprisingly good and that issues can be fixed if not this time around, but maybe for Satelite Regin II if that ever happenes, or any project they want to do next actually.PS AI is a bit wonky as of now."
76561198033000978,Recommended,268870,14451570,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Restello,"Updated review:I must add with the latest updates and patches this game is getting amazing!Nearly all bugs gone a gaint map, lots of tactical game play. GREAT!Its an open game play word now with different districs and great things to discover!!!The game drastically increased in complexity with makes it great on the long run!Definitely worth the money.Great game, reminds well of syndicates and a little of syndicates wars.Now most of the bugs are gone and the game is great to play!I enjoyed it quite a lot.- It already has an amazing Map, which I think is a piece of amazing Artwork!The playtime for this game with these gaint maps is more than 72 hours the maps with the new districs are huge.(b.t.w. I played it on a macbook air on medium settings.)Many new features have now been implemented, which is great.- Among other cool things such as getting airdroped into an restricted zone.- Many weapons, gears, tools, drones.- Cloning people to improve stats- Vents and ziplines, high vents and ...What I would love to see:- Hell there isn't a big enough weapon :D (You know what I mean)- The ability to play as a small company which can invest into other companies (stock markets)- Even more cyberware, weapons/ weapon types and gear what about (grapling hooks?)- More skills (and no limit)- Tanks / Bombers ?- Enemy agentsMinor bugs found:- When your Agents sit at a corner and you let them move fast to another side,then they tend to run forward and backward for a while before they eventually go to the position."
76561198035755220,Recommended,268870,13327118,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Azrael,"I am a fan of the original Syndicate games, thus, I have been eagerly awaiting this game for some time.At the time of the writing, I am playing the pre-alpha build and as expected, it's far from the finished product. However, it does give a glimpse of how this game will play and I am happy to say it does capture the atmosphere of the original Syndicate. However, it still needs a lot of polish before it's ready for release. A lot of the features / graphics have yet to be implemented, and it's still buggy. I am keeping my fingers crossed that the final product will be a polished gem.If you are fan and can't wait to play the game, I'd recommend that you jump on the bandwagon and get this early release. If not, would suggest that you wait for a later build so that you'd not be disenchanted with the present game."
76561197970539287,Recommended,268870,17843181,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sarkon,"TL;DR: Minor flaws, but great fun to be had in this open world squad based tactics RPG.Gameplay revolves around infiltrating compounds through a combination of stealth and wanton bloodshed, stealing cash and prototype gear, and abducting innocent civilians and fellow corporate scum alike to use as hosts for your murdersquad, should they fall in combat.What the game lacks in plot, dialog, character design, meaningful choices, etc. it makes up for in fun, challenging, varied level design. I'll spend 10-15 min running around the edges of a compound scanning the infrastructure to see what nearby generators power, where doors and cameras can be hacked from, what vents are accessible- planning my entry and exit from the facility down to the last detail. Scans only go so far in though and once the outer defenses have been breached there's a point where you just have to wing it; this transition from strategy to improvisational tactics is thrilling and a high point every time around. The combination of the game's format and mechanics allow for this to shine like no other game I've played. Xcom does the squad tactics thing better with its cool, clearheaded tactical assault approach, but Satellite Reign has no turns, no pause, no stopping to think (and no saves behind enemy lines ;) ). When♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan its chaos, and its glorious."
,Recommended,268870,17778044,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,RSn|FaTE,"First time playing this game and loving it, recommeded for fans of cyberpunk games but stay away if you are looking for a story heavy game.. buy shadowrun instead"
76561197970957522,Recommended,268870,26457933,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Demeggy,"Cyberpunk: CheckSynth heavy OST: CheckBody swapping: CheckRetro gameplay dressed up in pretty 3d-isometric visuals: CheckBug free: CheckI'd split my playthrough of SR across 2015 and 2016, having acquired it last winter. I'd completed the first 2 districts, and gotten deeply into the lore, narrative and world.I then discovered (halfway through the game) just how much fun body swapping truly could be.Coupled with a brilliant story, divisive ending and awesome soundtrack, Satellite Reign has made it into my top 10 of all time.Ding ding!"
,Recommended,268870,15881162,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Angry Buddha,"I have purposely not gotten into this game yet, I have checked in a few times to see how development is going and it is a really enjoyable game even at this early stage.  It gives me that feeling I had playing syndicate so many years ago, which in the modern day is a massive achievement.I want to wait for release though so I can do a full first play though with everything the developers intended.*Edit*  Yup, worth it."
76561197989547455,Recommended,268870,17735742,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,dangermouse13,"10 hours in and so far loving the game, little hard at first to take in all the details and the tutorial is quite basic. But great game especially if you loved Syndicate & Syndicate Wars, good strategy game. Will review once completed full game."
76561197978147130,Recommended,268870,17654602,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Ants In My Eyes Johnson,"I've been following Satallite Reign for quite some time now. I almost bought in to the Early Access a while back but after having a bit of bad luck with other Early Access games I figured I would wait a while. I got the announcement that it was 2 weeks from launch and couldn't believe it, I had to give it a go especially from all the good reviews it was getting.This game is amazing. Plain and simple. It takes me back to my Syndicate Wars days but with that little bit extra that keeps you even more hooked and not feeling like a carbon copy. You can feel a little overwhelmed at the start with all the options and freedom but just pick your missons and continue, you will get the hang of it. Just don't go in to a compound guns blazing for the moment.It's got stealth, abductions, great music that suits and guns. what more do you want from a cyber punk future?? If you don't have this yet I strongly suggest you do."
,Not Recommended,268870,31268975,Posted: 20 April,all,Skooma Daddy,"I really wish I could submit a ""Meh"" review because this is pretty much how I feel about this game.The art is absolutely fantastic  and the first heist is pretty fun. Beyond that the game seems to just become a chore. So let me just list some quick pros and cons and keep it movingPros- The general aesthetic of the game is pretty perfect- 4 Player co-op is great- The ""prototype"" system is pretty cool- Tons and tons of missions and player progression.Cons- The menus, especially for the ""clones""/""operatives"" are extremely ♥♥♥♥ing confusing. Seriously, after 13 hours I still have no idea what I'm doing on the clone screen, for the most part.- Repetition. As a fan of Shadowrun and Cyberpunk savage worlds, A majority of the kind of missions I'm used to running are ""heist"" types. This game does that. Great. The only problem is that it does it badly. There are no interiors to the buildings you are stealing from. You spend your time stealthing all through the vicinity of a building, and once you reach the entrance, you watch your character enter and exit. That's it. Then you leave.... What? That's not satisfying. Not at all. Try doing this over and over again with no plot to grab you, and characters you don't care about.. which brings me to my next points.- Clones. I get the clone thing, it's ok. I get it. But this causes you to be playing characters that you don't give a single damn about. They're exactly that, nothing more than clones. Talk about boring. I'd like to be pulling off heists(or ""runs"", as I call them), and worry about the death of my characters. I suppose this is a matter of taste, but it's my stance.- Sound design. The soundSUCKS. There's nothing else to say about it. It sucks. Even the ambience, it feels as if the city is completely lifeless.- The environment. Even though I said the aesthetics of the game are great, the city still feels completely lifeless. There's no other way I can think of explaining it. It's lifeless, everything is the same.- Micromanaging during combat is hell. Plenty of abilities to use, 4 characters to move, and no pause.ConclusionLook, honestly, I'm going to continue playing this game. if it wasn't for my absolute love of this genre, I wouldn't play this game. It's the only thing holding me in. Honestly, I should just go play Shadowrun Dragonfall or Hong Kong for the tenth time.If you're not an obsessive fan of the whole Cyberpunk scene then I can't recommend this, and you're probably better leaving this one in the dirt. It's generic and repetitive as hell."
76561198040338015,Not Recommended,268870,18967905,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,MrFailSauce,"I really want to like this game.  I really loved the syndicate games.  But after getting to the end of the game and losing the mission because two of my guys inexplicably fell through the floor,  I had to write this review.  The game is extremely buggy in the current state.  It is a beta at best.  Don't get it.My guys fall through the floor and die.  Sometimes my characters or mission NPCs get stuck inside buildings that don't have openable doors.  I've not gotten mission rewards or completions for completed missions.  I get the pacifist achievements even when I just fight through all the checkpoints.  Sometimes after the mission NPCs die for inexplicable reasons they don't respawn.  The mission is stuck incomplete.I'm sorry but that is a huge number of serious bugs for one person to run through on a single playthrough.  It doesn't crash, though.  So I guess there is that...."
,Recommended,268870,16750004,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,BL/R_SN | Wintermute,I don't like to play unfinished games. And I don't actually.I bought Early Excess just to support developers here. I looked the video - looked like a new life for good old Syndicate. I had it. I tried it for 30 minutes or so. Indeed it is a modern day Syndicate with nice atmospheric cyber-punk city.I will definetely have some fun with the game after it will be released. + 1
,Recommended,268870,14955055,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,BlackHorse23,"The game is now launched. Over 200 some odd hours later, I am going to go and shamelessly declare Satellite Reign as a Game of the Year contender. You wont be dissapointed.---------------------------Having missed out on the original Syndicate games by Bullfrog, I was very excited to hear the original team was developing a spiritual sequel of sorts to the series. After occasionally monitoring their post Kickstarter development and hearing about the game on the controversial ""Early Access"" que on steam, I decided to take the plunge and purchase a full early copy of the game... I am glad I was not dissapointed.Let me first state that the game is VERY much still an unfinished Pre-Alpha, and warn that anyone expecting a fully polished product should wait. However if you are a tinkerer and don't mind spoiling the game a little for yourself, go ahead and spend that $30 dollars and get an early glimpse at a very promising game that is gearing up to be as immersive, deep and multi layered as any surprise hit or ""Game of The Year"" in its class as you can imagine.This is my first review and first move in experiencing a game on a community level as it finishes and I will say I am very happy to have chosen this Neon Lathered Cyberpunk Beauty as the first ""leap"". I look forward to putting in as many hours as I can in the game and who knows, help the Design Team deliver nothing short of an A+."
76561198010310778,Recommended,268870,15032191,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Synapticsin,"Spent a long time sitting here about what to say about this game.  Ive never really been into doing reviews but this game I feel needs it.The game over all does alot of things right in my opinion.  They mission system is diverse enough that you actually can spend the time to plan out how you wish to complete it.  I spent a good deal of my time locating zip lines, watching patrols, and looking for doors and cameras to hack before I ever even attempted to do the mission.  I was able to complete some of them without even firing a shot.Combat is quick and easy, but if you dont use your agents correctly you will very quickly find yourself respawning outside the mission area while your enemies reinforce.  Had to do that several times as I was to eager and tried to run and gun.Advancing your agents is decent, could have more skills per agent, but as it is early access what is there is still a good mix.  In the future I hope there will be more advancement options.The game really does require you to think instead of just saying here, watch some pretty flashing lights, read some dialouge and gratz you win.  Dont see this one being easily beaten.  And replayability is there already.Awesome job devs, really looking forward to what else you put into this gem of a game.TLDR: Bringing back Syndicate style game with good modernization, just buy it you wont regret it."
76561198026747395,Recommended,268870,14032297,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,jjjbrown939,"Syndicate Wars will always be my favourite game, and Satellite Reign has all of its attributes and many more. Imagine taking the 4 group real time strategy of SW and throwing in Deus Ex Human Revolution. Strange, I know, but it actually works. And works well. You can hack and cloak and probably do all sorts of other things that I've not discovered yet. And it looks beautiful.It is a great game with a wonderful cyberpunk atmosphere. If you like Bladerunner you'll love the fact that in game it is always raining with the neon adverts adding to the environments.At this _Early Access_ stage it is understandably rough round the edges, but other than one of the agents (I guess that's who they are, not just disgruntled members of the film actors guild) gaining the ability to teleport on top of a building without order I've not come across any serious bugs so far.As far as I can tell there doesn't appear to be a shop to buy guns, and the ability to customise the four characters would be a nice idea as well. After the demise of a faceless bad guy via ozi(?!) there was the option to research an SMG via price chart which is a great throughback to SW. Though there was no alert to this, or the levelling up of the agents that I was aware of, I'm sure there will be in the finished product. Also while I dig the Tron inspired trenchcoats that they wear a variation in colour at least down the line would be good as well. When you start picking about the colour of a coat, you start to realise the game is pretty flipping good.Though all of the above may all be possible and I might just be being dense. At this _Early Access_ stage nothing is described particularly well, and why would it be? There are far more important things to deal with than messing around with detailed tutorials and colouring coats.Satellite Reign is great and it could be fantastic. As long as we can rain laser-bombs from satellites in the end product and build a Terminator with fire-proof skin, what could possibly go wrong?"
76561197998262068,Recommended,268870,17841564,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,stevenbrianp,"This is an excellent game.  Most games these days don't come out with this much polish.  Yeah there are a few bugs, but far fewer than other games I have played lately.  The first thing to comment on is obvious: the visuals.  It is a gorgeous game and I love playing it with the lights off.  The colors and the details on max settings are so nice to look at.I have read people complaining about the combat and I have to agree to a point.  The agent AI could be better in regards to pathing and just sitting there when they are being shot at.  The enemy AI needs some improvement because they just run right towards you and stand on top of you and sometimes taking cover.  Once an enemy calls for back up, that's it.  There should only be so much back up in the area.  The game forces you to slow down and think about your surroundings.  You can still go in and kill as long as you are aware of where the other guards are because sound matters.I personally like the stealth mechanics.  Get a decked out infiltrator and you are good to go.  I enjoy the fact that I got him in almost to the goal and up to a zipline which nearly eletrocuted him.  I wasn't expecting that.  I had to sneak in my soldier so that he could find the power source and my infiltrator continued on to the goal.  Then I had to sneak them both out.  It was very rewarding when I did it wihout the loss of a single life.  You can't just run across a lot 30 ft from an enemy and get away with it.  They will see you.  Excellent.  I don't want to see their cone of sight.It is right to compare this game to Syndicate and I remember it enough to be able to compare the two very well.  Syndicate was very easy.  It was a game that appealed to the lowest common denominator and there wasn't much strategy to it.  Satellite Reign requires more thought and planning which I love.  I am glad it isn't just a run and gun kind of game which some people seem to have expected.  It isn't an FPS game and it should never be.Not since Deux Ex: Human Revolutions has a game had me excited to come home from work and skip the gym to jump back in.  Yeah, it has been that long.  I love this game and I can't stop thinking about it when I'm not playing it.  Especially when trying to fall asleep.  It is obvious the amount of work that went into it.  Good job!  I WILL buy DLC and I WILL look forward to watching it grow."
76561198008550611,Recommended,268870,13838765,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mossy,It's pre alpha.It may never make release.It's someone's nostalgia trip into my childhood.... I'll buy that dream.
76561198059579863,Recommended,268870,17917489,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Caine,"I love this game, its FUN, and would highly recommend, worth 120+ hours, and nice replayablity, why ?Pro'sGreat GameplayNice GraphicsExilent Leveling and Skill treeAwesome ability to hack and Clone npc dna, finding better dna is quickly gonna be addictive, while hacking terminals will get u past security, it will also allow u to hack npcs, like Mechs.Exilent OpenworldGreat Units, both playable 4 well ballanced classes, and npcs, Spidertanks, walking bombs, Mechs, drones .Well Balanced, progressively harder gameplay.Nice Destructablity of doors and objects.Nice resource management/research, Blackmarket items allow u to get ahead of the curve if u lack gear.Great itemization, weapons, gear, augmentation works well.CyberpunkAwesome Seat of your pants Action!ConsLacks destructablity from the old Syndicate wars, truely miss blowing up buildings.Almost no Voice ActingNo more then Basic Character CustomizationOverall 89/100"
,Recommended,268870,17180027,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,unrealization,"Remember how a couple of years ago we all got excited about a new Syndicate coming out and then were pretty disappointed that Syndicate wasn't a Syndicate, but just some shooter?Well, here's our new Syndicate!"
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,268870,31214002,Posted: 18 April,all,stuguy909,"I played Syndicate Wars on the PC growing up.  I loved that game and the wonky things you could do with your agents and the people around you in order to complete missions.  The ambience, setting, sounds, etc, really immersed me in the game for what it was at the time.  Flash forward to Satellite Reign.  Does the game live up to Syndicate Wars?  I can't say.  It certainly looks like Syndicate wars, and the way you interact with your squad and acquire new gear is very similar to the old game.  There are some new mechanics, a fresh take on the series story wise, and the ambience and setting really captures the old syndicate wars feel.  Even the music DLC had some jamming tunes.  But that's about it.  That's about all the good I can say about the game.It falls flat and becomes repetitious and very uninteresting.  The open-endedness of this game compared to the mission based style of Syndicate Wars is the game's downfall.  I will clarify: there isn't much interaction with the world, save hijacking people's brains, bribing, hacking, or killing.  You can't get in cars or drive, and you don't go inside of buildings and have social interactions with people.  The game is just one fluid, top down view and inventory menu, hack the same terminals, bribe the same yellow, kill the same yellow, and send agent into green door X to clear mission Y.The research, item acquisition, cloning, and skill tree menu is about the only other thing you will see save mission briefings.  Even the level design is built like some maze where the hacker opens gates and turns off cameras, and various other dude's can turn off power or zipline, but the design fails at allowing for multiple strategies for any given security compound or mission.  Some of the locations feel cookie cutter, or uninteresting.  The reward for breaking into security compounds just feels empty because they are all so similar.  And the large military compounds are just annoying rat traps.  I am genuinely uninterested in finishing this game.  The combat, maze running, and lack of a ""hook me in"" with the story just makes me feel sad that a seemingly cool remake of an old gem fell short of the mark."
,Recommended,268870,23025853,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,[HTT] im wooser,"Final verdict: A fun game brought down heavily through mechanical issues. With enough patches and fixes, it'd be a gem. For now, it's hard to go mad about but still quite decent.Please note that this review is written while the game is still undergoing some development and you may be reading this after said patches and fixes are put in, making a lot of the complaints outdated. A multiplayer co-op mode is soon to released also.The general gist of the game is you're a team of cyberpunks looking to take down an evil megacorp, as usual. It's realtime strategy with 4 characters all of whom must be controlled manually. There is a pause function in the form of a character skill that slows time to 90%, which you gain by levelling up - an option when starting a new game is to have this skill fully levelled from the start which I chose. This allows you to take your time and play the game with more strategy involved than running away a lot of getting blown up.Overall your goals are to sneak or shoot your way into a fortress, get to the well protected door at the end then get outta there. This is pretty much all you'll be doing the whole game, but well made level design and a multitude of ways to reach and escape from your destination is what keeps things from ever being repetitive.Now that the concept of the game is explained, I'll keep the rest of the review as simple bullet points:THE GOOD:A pretty good 15-20 hours for the price. Quite simply, it was fun and there was quite a bit of it. This was with all side missions completed though some may take much longer to beat the game.Every area has multiple approaches, no obstacles cannot be overcome so long as you use the right tools. Or you can pay your way through, at times.Looks very good, excellent implementation of cyberpunk aesthetics and mechanics into the world, decent worldbuilding through logs/breifings, though some item descriptions break immersion a little.Never got bored, always had fun infiltrating despite it seeming like it'd get reptitive to do constant heists.Good change of pace from purely turn-based similar games released within the past few years such as shadowrun, if you're on a cyberpunk run. The game however has a lot more similarities to ones made many, many years ago that people have been clamouring for more of.Respawning on death instead of reloading a save led to longer play sessions of hours at a time. Enemies respawn over time but total progress isnt lost such as blown up doors, though they also refresh on quit and reload. Keep in mind you may spawn a lot of patrols that thenEnemy factions leading to infighting if you lead them to eachother is a nice touch, as are all the times you can hijack a turret or an enemy's head.Loot was always impactful when acquired, as were skills gained. It was nice to feel like I was becoming much more powerful, even if it did mean early on was way, way harder.THE BAD:Poor pathfinding, often inputs are unresponsive and characters (though this effects enemies too, just as often) shoot at walls/floors or get stuck pathing. Characters would often either not follow commands given, or do dumb things like shooting at cover rather than from it, which is deadly with heavy weapons equipped.Poor AI in general, both player and enemies, leads to a lot of necessary micromanagement and ways to exploit. Namely with grenades and verticality. PC's will not automatically fire back or run away when fired upon, all 4 characters must be controlled manually.Sub-60 FPS on-load, degrades over time with session, eventually becoming unplayable stuttering. Running on a GTX 970, i5 SSD system with latest drivers. Apparently this is a recent issue caused by a patch but sadly I had to deal with it the whole time.Difficulty curve in general out-of-balance due to avilability of gear, skills and upgrades being too low early on and massive late in the game. Enemies do become harder, but not smarter, and simply being able to heal/respawn-on-site or throw a grenade makes things massively easier. Stealth is necessary early on but later on you can go in guns blazing easily. Soldier abilities especially break the game, as do grenades as enemies don't respond to them very much.For a long period in the middle of the game you'll have a lot of money with nothing to spend it on. Then right near the end of the game you get a ton of interesting new items that you can only use for about an hour, makes me wish for a new game+.NITPICKS:Stealth/pacifist achievements are currently given incorrectly on loading saves so no reason to attempt them legitimately unless you simply enjoy the playstyle.Pause mode is strange as it slows the camera and is an ability reliant on energy and a single character being avilable. It is however very strong and makes the game much easier once you have healing items unlocked.Some parts repetitive, quests like laying down relay beacons or hacking ATMs. Rest of the game isn't however.XP/money gained over time rather than being a limited resource is weird, there are a lot of time-based costs unfitting to SP game. To clarify, you can farm XP just by sitting still while trespassing or killing patrols over and over, while money accumulates over time from hacked ATMs or in lump sums from missions or infiltrations. You can essentially idle in a good sneaking spot and come back to the game with a ton of levels and money. Don't do that though.Some missions did not give all listed rewards with no indication of how those rewards were lost. You can however expect to have missed information due to not paying for it in the briefing screen.No character model customisation, gotta hope the guys you hijack and clone for better stats dont look ugly.Ending was... something...I like the game and won't turn anyone away from it if they're interested, but understand that it's far from flawless. Mostly in the technical sense. I look forward to seeing what the devs do from now on, whether this will get DLC, a sequel, or whether they'll put out another series. I'd also like to mention that for a 5 person team, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,268870,27135307,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ins,"Back in the golden days of computers, I used to play Syndicate all the time on my trusty AMiGA 500 (and 1200 later on). I remember seeing this game on some blog years ago, but kinda forgot all about it.This year, I noticed that I had a game called Satellite Reign in my inventory and decided to check it out and found out to my surprise that is was basically Syndicate 2016!Sure, the camera angle might be a bit more zoomed in, and the cars drive around in circles, but it is pretty awesome, even without the Pause Button (that you can mod in from my understanding).I think it wasn't until hour 10 or so that I noticed that you could actually blow up a lot of stuff, and that lasers (pew pew!) will put trees on fire if hit enough.Rating: Good times, need sleep."
76561198028101814,Recommended,268870,14247641,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,XUoTo,"Although I reccomend this game, my reccomendation comes with the concept and the futur final product of the game rather then what it is in its current form. The concept is neat, a more free roam top down point and click with four unique heroes, a soldier, support,  hacker, and stealth operative. Each hero has unique abilities specific to their class, the support has passive aoe heal over time, the hacker can hack atms and hijack civilians to scope out areas, the soldier has a stoneskin ability which allows him to take massive damage, and the operative can stealth and sneak attack a single target. The missions are spread throughout the city which entail sneaking or shooting your way through heavily guarded facilities throughout the districts for various passive bonuses in the district and in some cases some upgradable gear to outfit your heroes. The majority of the missions also have an option to buy information which can give insight as well as bonuses in your favor.Being that the game is in the early access phase, i wouldn't recomend paying for the game as joining in any testing phase for any game is not only a privelage to the player, I view it as a service to the gaming companies as well. Being that we arent employees for five live studios one cannot expect to be paid to do their work for them which lets face it, that is what we do in beta phases for games, but at least allow a smaller community to be able to test the game without having to buy into it.Sattelite reign in its current state is filled with more bugs and incomplete objectives then most games typically have at this stage. I would think of it as more of a conceptual playtest demo thrown together to keep people satisfied with what they funded via kickstarter. Characters get stuck in the most random places, some of the missions are undefined in their explanations or downright impossible to complete, the auto pathing is horrendous, and the law system gets bugged at times to where your infamy never goes away in certain areas causing the cops to keep shooting you without being provoked or given reason.  Most of the features for the game are completely nonexistent, more specifically some of the mission rewards, data terminals which provide more insight into the wide array of city locations, and civilian descriptions which would make missions much less confusing. Most of the missions are more easily completed by shooting through them rather than sneaking, for which you do not gain any experience based rewards ruling out individual skills among the four heroes, useless.All of this in mind, as previously stated, the game is Conceptually one of the better top down games ive seen, conceptually. I am severely interested in seing a more finalized rendition of the game and had a frustrating amount of fun in the game as is, despite the fact that it definately needs some drastic improvement. I wouldnt suggest buying it until the game is more complete."
,Recommended,268870,32877833,Posted: 27 June,all,Monkey Kombat,"This is the closest you're going to get to a Syndicate/Syndicate Wars sequel. It certainly does borrow extensively from the Syndicate series such as the aesthetic, the four agents, some gameplay mechanics and you'll even hear nods to the franchise which EA buried in the music as they had the same composer. It also surprisingly borrows stealth mechanics from the Commandos games.You control 4 agents with different classes (Soldier, Support, Hacker & Infiltrator), each of whom possess unique skills. However, based your play style, you might find yourself not utilizing one or two throughout your playthrough. I personally found myself exclusively using the Hacker & Infiltrator during my purely stealth run. A stealth playthrough will unfortunately highlight some of the cracks in the game. Unclear enemy line of sight, AI can be ridiculously stupid & buggy at times such as occassional poor pathfinding, guards escorting my agents into a secure part of a compound instead of out of it or the agents continously stopping for no apparent reason, and guards forgetting that they just spotted me within a matter of seconds. Performance seems to be a bit of an issue as well, the game will occasionally stutter and I've faced some FPS drops on a beast of a machine which can handle way more demanding games. What little story is there is fleshed out through hacking data panels to access logs about the various factions and occasional voiced briefings. The game never really goes out of its way to familiarize you with the world much.Now that I got the negatives out of the way, let me highlight what the game gets right which fortunately enough is most of it. Let's start with the world, it is gorgeous to look at. The blinding neon lights against perpetual rain along with the synth-heavy soundtrack nail the atmosphere and setting (make sure to buy the OST). As for gameplay, the real time tactical approach definitely keeps you on your toes, as you'll be scurrying from one agent to another, evaluating their situation and issuing commands accordingly. The in-game city is split into 5 sectors each requiring unique credentials to access or you can sneak or blast your way through. There are multiple missions per sector which will help you earn credits, acquire equipment or augmuntation blueprints to research, and to undermine a specific faction's control and security over an area. These missions can be approached in multiple ways from hacking your way through a facility and turning the enemies defenses against them, to tactically dispatching guards in your way or by being a complete ghost. Nothing beats doing some recon on heavily fortified, setting a plan to infilitrate it and then executing said plan without a hitch in one single go. In case one of your agents does die (and they will), the game eliminates the need for quick save/load by implementing a cloning mechanic which allows you to clone your existing agents and deploy them at any point or even have them replaced by new ""recruits"" whom may possess superior stats.So if you're looking for an experience similar to Syndicate and Commandos in a cyberpunk setting, then look no further than Satellite Reign. It isn't perfect, but the flaws don't hinder the experience much and can be looked past."
76561198009313237,Recommended,268870,17939479,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,General Savérius,"Satellite Reign is a tactical squad based game that focus on the efforts of a shadow corporation in a cyberpunk world that wants to take down the world's current business leader: Dracogenics enterprises. It is played much like the syndicate game and has a pleasant 'X-Com' feel to it, but many design choices hinder this game in many ways.PROS:+Huge and beautiful cyberpunk multilayered city filled with lore that you can explore. Easily the most beautiful environment I've seen in any video-game.+Combat is fun enough, as should it be since it is the bread and butter of this game, even if it does lack quite a bit of content.+Many ways to approach the execution of many missions: do you want to kick the front door or try to sneak in, get what you need and bail?+Each agent feels different and specialized, with a progression system that, although not inovative in any way, doesn't take away from the game either in my opinion.+The agents skills all work together to bring a lot of pain to your enemies, making your 4-men squad really formidable force if you can tap into all of their potential. More of that on the Cons section.+The research is easily the best aspect of the game for me, since the game gives loot to you in the form of prototypes. That means that you will have to counter-engineer that sexy flamethrower before using it. Some players will find it annoying though.The combat is, at first glance, great. You can feel the corporate espionage theme when you go after your mission's objective inside your enemies facilities, and the combat initially feels awesome, if a little clunky. But as soon as you leave the very early game, you start to see many things that could use some improvement or, in some cases, a complete rework, that were hidden due to the lack of challenge from the initial areas.CONS:-All 4 agents are controlled individually, requiring great speed with mouse and hotkeys controls from the player, not unlike games like star craft. However, hotkeys are also shared between many abilities, meaning that some skills and/or items can't be used reliably through the hotkeys.-Cover system is absolutely horrendous for the lack of reliable control you have over your units, making you lose ammo by shooting something that is hidden behind a huge wall and won't be getting out of its cover any time soon. Even if realistic, it increases exponentially the micromanagement needed to unnecessary levels.-Speaking about ammo, all the primary weapons can run out of it during combat. Again, due to lack of reliable control over your agents' aiming, you might run out of ammo on all your agents before taking down your opponents, effectively downgrading your force to pistols for the remainder of the mission, unless you have the Ammo Pack item.-Enemies can call for reinforcements. While good (and needed for the game's challenge) in itself, you may find yourself overrun from all sides, as enemies that are on the other side of a wall will keep calling for back up. That wouldn't be so bad if the next factor wouldn't come into play with it.-You can aggro enemies that are far away from your line of sight. Those enemies in turn will aggro more enemies that are out of your line of sight and then call for reinforcements, creating a huge domino effect that is more dependent on your luck than skill. If there aren't too many enemies in certain radius beyond your line of sight, than you will win. If there are, you will lose.-Weapons use the ""Jo-Ken-Po"" system, where one type of weapon beats one type of defense, but is horrible at passing through other types of defenses. Plasma weaponry, for example, has immense bonuses against armor, but can't even touch energy shields. The opposite is true for laser weapons, bonuses against shields, penalties against armor.-Talking about defenses, both shields and armor are literraly the same thing: more HP, the only difference being that shields are hit first, than armor, and than finally your health.-This next topic has been the subject of much discussion in the forums, but many of the problems that I had with this game would dissapear if this feature existed: tactical pause. While the Support agent has the stim packs ability, which slows down time considerably, that ability is dependant on too many factors to make it work as a real tactical pause: the support has to be alive, the support has to have stamina, and the skill has a lengthy cooldown for its purpose.In short, this game does not try too much to please the players that hate micromanagement like me, while people that really loves RTS games but want something more low scale and/or cyberpunk might like this game. Additionaly, the weapons and defenses are really unimaginative and just feel like a copy paste of each other, just with different numbers instead of being something that allows the player to customise his experience.This game is fun overall and has a really different feel to it since there is almost nothing cyberpunk-related in gaming these days, but it could be so much more with just some tweaking. 4-6/10 for those who want this type of game but with tactical pause dependiong on how crucial you feel the feature is for this types of games, and 7.5/10 for those with the skills to micromanage their agents. This game has a lot of potential though, and the devs seem to be listening, so if we have some luck, we might have a real gem here in the next months, hence the recommendation."
,Recommended,268870,17817535,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,6E 75 6C 6C 5E 32,"I don't understand why I like this game so much.Satellite Reign 1.02 is buggy and just slightly unfinished - especially in the final district and ultimate mission. Optimal play in combat requires reflexes I don't have, but fortunately most combat doesn't need to be optimal. Some design decisions are baffling - such as the way stims work and how 'fire at will' involves a-click and having your agents move out of cover. You also can't really lose until the last mission, which just bugs out if you 'lose'.That said, the game is probably the most fun I've played all year. It's not replayable like Invisible Inc, but the shenanigans you can get up to are amazing, as are the explosions when you decide to go loud or get spotted. Hijacking makes a triumphant return from the original Syndicate series, and is more useful than ever. There's nothing quite like mind controlling a gangster to kill his own boss, then run through a military compound shooting out all the cameras so your team can infiltrate silently from the OTHER SIDE of the commotion. Throw in remote explosives, plasma cannons and the best grenades in ages and you have a winner.I enjoyed the original Syndicate but never really played it to completion. I never touched Syndicate Wars. I hated the Commandos series. Yet I love Satellite Reign.I'm really looking forward to a sequel that addresses the remaining issues and gives us more to play with."
76561198127982683,Recommended,268870,13410697,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Strahd,"Just a pre alpha , but man this game will rock that's for sure"
,Recommended,268870,25299103,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,dreadgnat,"This is a fun game with lots of optional stealth choices.  It took me 32 hrs to complete every available mission, and while many missions are somewhat repetative (And the ending of the story is very weak), the fun is in the subtlety.  While two mission's objectives might be exactly the same, you need to look around the map and figure out the ideal way to slip in and out, (unless you want to just brute force it.)  I enjoyed the game, and will likely buy a sequal if they ever decide to make one."
76561197988551256,Recommended,268870,30121362,Posted: 23 February,all,ixiewan,"Tho this is a indie game, it doesnt feel like it. The controls, interface and overall look feel very well polished and bug-free. I really hope a continuation of some sort could come along since i basically rushed through the entire game in 30 hours. In a way the gameplay sort of resembles the old commandos games, and that's definetly a good thing.Highly recommended."
76561197961400966,Recommended,268870,16846749,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Dinger,"Captures the original Bull Frog syndicate wars game really well, the atmosphere is set extremely well reflecting a Blade Runner style future. The game is still under development so there will be a few bugs and glitches to encounter but so far so good a very enjoyable early access game to play.I wonder if they will introduce a multiplay aspect?"
76561198059789200,Recommended,268870,17689631,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,adoniscornwell,"This game has a deep rich look and feel.  I am looking forward to really getting into the story line.  Not a fast paced first shooter, but a thoughtful mentally intense game."
76561198005952960,Recommended,268870,18054389,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Zeeke,"Right, well this is one of the games I enjoyed following around and stuff, since I'm always on the lookout for a good Cyberpunk game and I'll be perfectly honest I have never played the Syndicate series and I am not a kickstarter backer of this game. Well that being said here are my pros, cons and misc.Pros:-Good graphics-Light game-Play it your way(Go loud if you want to go loud, be quiet if you want to be quiet etc...)-Interesting methode of devellopment and resource collecting-Lots and lots of gear-Decent soundtrack-Good artworkCons:-Still has some considerable bugs-Tutorial is bad(My advice, look for a guide that explains you everything you need to know)-No customisation options(I would have LOVED a possibility to customise your squad like in XCom)-No view cones for infiltration(Well you can manage to learn the enemy sight range but... Makes it kind of tricky)Misc:-NEON LIGHTS EVERYWHERE!!!!-FREAKY HAIRDOS!!!!-Lots and lots of rain-TrenchcoatsWell, in my opinion this is a good game, I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys an unconventional RTS, however, if you buy this game, check online for a decent beginners guide because the tutorial is that aweful."
,Recommended,268870,18525956,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,NanoByteGhost,"I played Syndicate on the Amiga when it was new and loved it, mostly because of the explosions. The game never really pulled off that cyberpunk feel but remained a good squad based RPG for the time.Satellite Reign is the same sort of game as Syndicate and it nails the Cyberpunk feel. The maps, the characters the text and corporations all just work and work well. They really make it feel like a Cyberpunk world in ways games like Shadow run totally failed to achieve.It plays like an open world game, only it is actually a large level based game that you unlock new areas as you progress, all part of the same world map but definitely not open.Still it is about roaming around and choosing your next target your self. Which is the core of most open ended games.The game play is fairly straight forward, break in to a company compound, steal money, prototypes etc, research them and upgrade your squad and do it all again. You can raid the same company twice if you like, the company seems to restock some of its loot over time but so far I have not gotten the rich rewards that I got after the first raid when revisiting the same company.As you progress you unlock new areas of the city to explore and raid for loot and other valuables, doing missions, levelling up, adding skills to your squad of 4 men.Aside from the slightly clunky interface which you do get use too, this game is a very good game.I cannot help but feel I am playing the original Syndicate again on the old Amiga, the difference being, Satelite Reign does a better job and because its new, it feels fresh and exciting.Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,268870,28609716,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pedro ACE,"This is more than Syndicate.The environment with rain and neon, the music and the darkness, it all adds to an excellent Cyberpunk themed, Blade Runner inspired setting.The gameplay is not easy, but with time you start getting the hang of it. I'm not a big fun of stealth so I usually just go guns blazing with the help of some mind controlled enemies.The variety of equipment and abilities also helps to diversify the missions you'll have to accomplish to progress in-game.The developers have continuously supported the game, they added multiplayer co-op and even slow motion to help those more accustomed with turned based games."
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,268870,28173419,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dire,"Just not my cup of tea, but perhaps my own fault. The gameplay isn't bad, there are quite a few strategic options to get into and out of a base and how to deal with enemies. You can research new weapons and gadgets, level up your 4 soldiers (1 of each class, i.e. a sort of ""tank"", a hacker, a sniper and a tech guy or whatever, I forgot the details). Each of them has unique strengths and weaknesses and you can control each one individually, i.e. you can just invade an enemy base with a stealth ops guy if you're good enough of you'll try and blast your way through. You earn money at the end of missions usually and by hacking ATMs. Even the graphics are relatively pretty and flashy. The main issue I have with the game, however, is the world and the narrative. The world is bland. Yes there's lots of neon and lots of people walking around, but that's it...they're not doing anything, they're milling around and are just doodads imho. Same goes for the enemies. These lack character. The whole world feels...""empty"", which brings me to narrative: There isn't really much to speak of. Everything is text-based, ok, no biggie, BUT there's not really much going on. You get thrown into the game right away (without being able to enter options, which is annoying as hell, then someone tells you to fight the bad corps and that's really it. You then proceed along a ""main story path"" and can do ""side quests"" to gain xp, money and prototypes for use or research. There's just no motivation to continue on. I finished the first ""zone"" and entered another one (you can go to 2 more afterwards), but it's just more of the same. Nothing really changes: tap ATMs, infiltrate enemy bases, level up, read boring background stuff. That is my biggest gripe with the game. If you're looking for something similar to Shadowrun in Real time, this is not it. Shadowrun Returns and the 2 other recent games had soul, their world was INTERESTING, the characters were each unique and had a purpose and you pretty much chose how the game goes down, but Satellite Reign is a boring husk in my opinion. If you want some semi-challenging and open-worldy RTS squad action and that's all you're looking for, go get it then."
76561197990106355,Recommended,268870,28903803,Posted: 1 January,all,Dreepa,"Syndicate returns. Game has some bugs, and control issues at times, but nothing you cannot get used to.Outstanding game for such a small dev team (5 people afaik). The city is gorgeous, and while individual assets repeat, the overall layout never looks identical. The story is mostly conveyed trough data logs, however they are written really well. It is fun reading them.The game's style and aesthetics are really spot on. The whole world presents itself as a blend of Shadowrun and Syndicate.Gameplay wise, you have to struggle a bit to get the hang. It can be frustrating at times, especially at the start. Once you figured out how stuff works and how to avoid getting into certain-death situations, the gameplay starts to shine. There is some tactical Commandos gameplay there, where you approach with stealth and hit & run. Though if you are strong enough, and♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan, all out guns blazing secnarios are just as likely to lead to success. Given that you know what you are doing. It can get quite hectic at times, and a fast and precise mouse-hand should be part of your skillset if you favor brute force.In terms of character development you have a limited but quite nicely paced progression. Limited in a way that you do not have extensive skill trees or extremely exotic abilities. The classes stay mainly inside their intented function. However, breaking into compounds to gain new equipment is a big part of the game, giving you another layer of development through gear, ranging from sniper rifles to flamethrowers or grenades. A third layer of development is the bionic augmentation.To me, this game is a gem. A bit unpolished around the edges, but with a vibrant soul and a great atmosphere."
76561198006066386,Recommended,268870,17750167,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,rkuhnen,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. If you even remotely like cyberpunk just buy it. You won't regret it. This game is a prime example of what the indie scene is capable of developing. This is a game that I wish I had made myself but I'm glad I didn't so I get to play it with fresh eyes. Thank you 5 Lives studio for making this gem. :)
76561198008890534,Recommended,268870,31407930,Posted: 27 April,all,HumanError,This game was downright amazing.  If you love cyberpunk just punk up an buy it.  I rarely play games for 60 hours.  That I finished it is somewhat of a testament to how amazing it is.
,Recommended,268870,17818471,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,hug🍕ealer 🐫,"as a fan of the original syndicate wars whatever that means, i'm really enjoying this.i played syndicate wars back in the day and loved it.being played so long ago i can't compare a great deal with it but the overall idea is here for sure.this is probably an evolved version of that original idea and it's a good one.definitely has some bugs but if you look in the forums dev's are replying fast.nothing game breaking, just minor stuff so far at 9 hours played.unsure?  set a timer for 90 minutes and decide at that point.refund system has worked well for me.happy to see a game inspired by something so old, be interesting.highly suggested."
76561198113629729,Recommended,268870,31532333,Posted: 3 May,all,R2D2,I was searching for syndicate or its remake and found something absolutely amazing:- greate atmosphere- many approaches to taking each challenge- amazing graphicsJust a perfect version of syndicate
76561197988061338,Recommended,268870,17452763,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,RileyWRussell,"If you grew up loving Blade Runner, or better yet played Syndicate in the 90's, you'll enjoy this game. Only a few hours in at this point, but really enjoy upgrading my characters and unlocking new tech."
76561197967061182,Not Recommended,268870,29269152,Posted: 15 January,all,Turbo Nerd,"Almost has it, but too many problems to be great.Pros:- Great style, huge fan of cyberpunk stuff.- Sneaking through areas feels great.Cons:- Enemies scale (like in ES4: Oblivion, etc). This is such a terrible design choice, it never works well.- Destroying equipment (like security cameras), does not persist when you reload your save.- Pathing is pretty badOther- You can cheese drones by going to hack, aborting it, then the drone paths to you in an 'alerted' state, you can do this to clear entire areas of drones."
76561198007519355,Recommended,268870,30085128,Posted: 21 February,all,Munky,"Given to me as an Xmas gift.  I was told it'd remind me of good ole Bullfrog's Syndicate.  Loved that game and not at all surprisingly I enjoyed playing this one through too.Thankfully your characters intuitive pathfinding is somewhat improved compared to syndicate however I won't lie, it could do with a bit more work.  There are lots of skills to spend your experience on and plenty of utilities to make your team more versatile.  The expanding city map was great and the difficulty curve wasn't too challenging.  It seems to be a game that favours tactics and stealth rather than brute force but if you have your tactics and gear just right then you can just about get away with brute force if you keep an ammo crate handy nearby for infinite grenades.For me the augmentations and weapons were a bit of a let down.  I was hoping for more of everything but alas it was not to be.  By end game you're wanting a squad that will be immune to poison and heavy armoured, or fast legs that can jump into those high vents but you're generally stuck with one class of augmentation.The biggest let down though, the size of the game... It could have done with having multiple cities on a world map rather than just the one and perhaps a bit more financial management rather than the ATM hack that once in place just steamrolls cash and makes purchasing every upgrade something I considered too easy.  Maybe they'll make a Satellite Reign 2 at some point and remedy these things?  Who knows eh?"
76561198139934487,Recommended,268870,25427854,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Yehppael,"I love it.I played the original game Syndicate years ago, and then Syndicate Wars a little later. I loved it. When I read the title ... my heart was pumping, could it be real? And yes, it was, a continuation of that game.The missions have the same feeling, the same intensity. They require you to have a playing style and keep with it, no split personality leadership. It's a hard game, but in the right way.The only thing I regret is not buying it earlier."
,Recommended,268870,22231110,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Oregono,"BEAT! 35 hoursSatellite Reign, for those who have never play the syndicate series, could best be described as Dawn of War 2 meets Deus Ex in an open world with a retro-future look.You play with 4 soldiers - each with their own skills and abilities.  As they level up, you get points to unlock or upgrade class-specific abilities.  You take on missions which (for the most part)  involve infiltrating complex ""fotresses"" (essentially) with the main objective to be to reach a door.  This is made complicated by the need to be stealthy - especially in early game.  Get spotted, and reinforcements will come to flush you out.  Missions can also involve escort missions, finding crates in protected areas, and a few others.There is also a research system. On missions, you will be stealing prototypes of weapons, augments (think Deus Ex), and Gear.  You need to spend money researching the prototype to be able to build multiple of them for your squad. So the loop is get prototype->research it->buy at least 2 of them.  Once bought, you can swap in any purchased items for any character.Pros:- Fun open world. It feels like a real place.- Beautiful- Good progression systems.- Challanging gameplay. The objective may be clear, but getting there is a fun experiment.- Each character has their own unique purpose.- Lots of gear, weapons, items.- Everyone dying on a missions doesnt mean game over. You keep your xp. You just respawn and try again (unless playing ironman).Cons:- It might be a bit slow paced for those looking for an action game.- Can feel a little repetitive.  This is partially countered by new gear that makes doing similar things easier/more exciting/differently.- Not much if the idea fits your tastes.- (MAY BE A NEG) - Your soldiers wont lift a hand without you telling them to.Neutral:- Enemy AI tends to give up kinda easy. This ends up being a positive, because otherwise the game would be stupidly hard. They pursue you enough to make it a challange.-It would be rather easy to almost ignore the upgrade and research system.  For better or worse.  If you do research and such, there is a TON to research so having some direction (when you do) is necessary.Pretty fun. Not without its flaws, but they didnt prevent me from playing the game or want me to stop playing."
76561198199108429,Recommended,268870,16970798,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,onlinejunk,"Great game, specially if you have played Sydndicate / Syndicate wars you will fall in love with it.  Be warned however that  this is quite unstable in Alpha. I have spent fair amount of hours on both PC and Mac versions, in more recent updates both have become highly unstable :-(   Unless you have the patience and are happy restarting the app almost every 5 minutes I would suggest to wait for Beta releae or even the final release. Game crashes seem to be quite random :-(I'm  gong to stop playing for a while and wait for a more stable release. Great work though and congratulations so far, can't wait to see the final product.Update:  2/8/15There have been constant updates of this game being rolled out which is great news, but sadly the stability issues has not been resolved. As soon as you try to move your team around the map, the game will freez. In some ways the game playability has dropped to a few seconds in comparison to a few mintues :-(I did try this on both windows and mac  with latest update and results were same. Would love to see the final product but at this point cant even give this game a fair try out.Few of my friends have also recently purchaced this but have also reported same issues. They all use different spec windows PC.To ensure I had every thing right, I have reinstalled my system recently [yes I backed every thing up]  and tried Sattelite Reign on clean system, I am afraide no luck.So much potential, I am confident that developers will pull this off, thought release date is getting closer.So we wait and see."
76561197970362599,Recommended,268870,17676548,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TheMortom,"Although I would recommend this game you need to me the right type of player to appreciate it.To start with it looks great and has the feel of the original Syndicate. Its really a good achievement. I find the controls good, but you need to learn some of keyboard shortcuts so you can do some things quickly well things go wrong.Supposedly the game is only a few weeks from release but it still has a number of bugs.The sound and music and good and the overall presentation is top quality. However there are issues with the game play.The balance of the game is unforgiving in the early parts of the game. I'm still in the first district and have only researched a few extra items yet I'm facing guards with far too much armour. The only way to play the game in the beginning is to use stealth which should be fun.However the guard routes are erratic, the guards move across large areas meaning it takes too long to work out guard patterns. I thought it was a nice touch when another AI unit ran in to an area and the guards shot at them, however this messed up all the guard movement pattern and makes the game just too difficult.There is no indication of guard visions range. They carry torches which should be a nice indication of range and would be a good way to telegraph such information however they can see way further than the touch light would indicate.Due the lack of armour and weapons my team have, the easiest way to play this game is try and sneak in, and if you get discovered just run out. Your team can take a lot of damage and so can just run past the guards, flee the area and hide. If you try and stand and fight, the team will get wiped out. There should be a lot less guards with shorter vision ranges and smaller patrol routes so they can be plotted correctly. That is the standard design pattern for this type of game and its been well done by other games so I'm not sure why the game designers would try and do something different.I'm sure at later stages of the game, with a heavily armed and augmented team then combat will be much easier but at the start the guards in the first district are just too touch. Stealth and running away is only strategy that really works. However stealth is still too unforgiving due to the vision ranges of the guards. I would understand if my team was running around but if they are ducked down in a dark area then even a guard behind them should need to get very close to detect them, especially in the early parts of the game when you are learning how the game works. As there is no way to save the game during a mission they do need to be made easier.I think there needs to be  a difficulty level setting for those players who want the play-die-repeat challenge and those players who want to play for the story line. Currently the game is just too frustrating for the later type of players.If you like to complete games and go through the entire story-line prepared to get frustrated with the game and be prepared to put in a lot of hours. If you are old enough to remember the original Syndicate you probably have your own kids by now and will find you just don't have the spare time this game requires.The balancing issue may get fixed but then again may not. As the developers are an indie studio I do wonder how much time they have put into balancing and the designers have been playing this game for well over a year now and will get very good at it and may have balanced the game so they find it a chalange. Hopefully they will be able to put in the time required to balance the game for us mere mortals."
76561197996840174,Recommended,268870,17849165,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,samuelmarston,"Syndicate is one of my earliest PC Gaming memories.This game isn't exactly the same as those original Syndicate titles, but it captures the feeling of my memories for those games.I'm having a blast with this game, and I can't wait to play through it again with different strategies.If you enjoyed any of the Syndicate games, I can't recommend this enough."
76561198080515939,Recommended,268870,17777688,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kanel,"Really well made game for being a backer project.No crashes and no bugs found yet, though I wishthere was some sort of LoS indicator and a moreclear indication to which areas are restricted..And less clutter on the map, so many colors and rippledwater that makes the whole experience almost overwhelming.Overall. a great game, an upgrade to the original Syndicatein many ways, though I would love having my own baseof operation, where you did all the research and upgrades.Superb sound and music score.7.5/10"
76561197992888618,Not Recommended,268870,17822570,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SirBunnyEater,"I tried for 3 hours to like this game. I really really tried. I don't usually write reviews but I have to say that I do not recommend this game. There are a lot of really cool Ideas that the devs (for the most part) implemented well.The sad thing is that combat & stealth are just not fun and are often frustrating.-Stealth- You cannot tell when you are going to be inside a guards vision.-Combat- No pause command function. Now this would be ok if the game wasn't such an exercise in micro management. Your agents WILL NOT return fire when fired upon and there is no ""aggressive"" stance for them to pick thier own targets. Basically this means the game becomes a speed click fest. I did not have fun. I wanted to."
,Recommended,268870,17763309,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Comburo,"I've only played for 76 minutes so far, so these are just my first impressions.I like it.The controls could be tweaked a bit, for instance a hotkey to allow dragging the view would be nice instead of having to keep pressing the middle mouse button and full 360 degress rotation would also be nice, since sometimes it's hard to see what's going on behind a building.Also some things were not really clear to me, which gave me a little trouble in the beginning, but after I found out what the problem was it was very easy to avoid in the future. A little thing such as being unable to attack the guard in the tutorial bit because I got my agent deselected and I didn't understood why he would response to my commands anymore. Also the ""suspicious"" sub-system could do with a little more explaining.As for playing, it feels open-worldy to me. There is a big city, divided in districts which you need to unlock. Then there are missions, some of which are optional and others that are story missions. It appears that doing optional missions will give you and advantage.The city has a good atmosphere, there are a lot of people walking around and cars driving.Right now I've just completed the beacons mission, which will give you more optional missions as a result and will give you a nice walk around the first district.And there seems to be lots to do."
,Recommended,268870,23955359,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,yuenke,"Overall I can recommend this game, it is very fun to play for the most part. Yet there are some issues with it, which to some extent are ruining gameplay.The major flaw of the game for me is economy. You get small amounts of credits from hacked ATMs in real time, which means you have to wait to buy toys you want. For most part of the game it is not a problem, because you are waiting by doing missions and you also get bigger amounts of one time money from them. The issue appears in the end game, when you run out of almost all the missions and you are left with only the hardest. Most likely it is not a problem for a stealth player, but if like me you like to go guns blazing, then it is tremendously important to have the best gear and team setup available. Sadly such team setup is incredibly expensive. I would love to have all the things I want exactly in this moment of my playthrough, where I will be doing last missions, but I don't have the money for it, so I have to wait till I get it, or replay older missions for very small amounts of money (which is basically pure boring grinding). There are still many toys I could get for my agents, but I am far from having money to get them. On the other hand I could just wait for the money by doing nothing at all instead of grinding, but the issue here is that the game pauses itself automatically after some time of player inactivity, which is most likely a protection against exploiting hacked ATMs mechanic.Therefore I ended up in a situation where I almost completely lost my motivation to finish the game, which for me is a sign of either bad game design or unfinished game. In case of Satellite Reign it is the latter. It can clearly be seen in both, item variety and item balancing. In short there are plenty useless items in the game, like for example implants version 1 - why have v.1 when you can get better version 2 later? It is clear waste of money. Another example is there are three splash damage end game weapons: plasma, laser and explosive. They work in the same way (like a rocket launcher) and the difference lies in their shield/armor/health damages, where plasma has slightly bigger damage against armor, laser has slightly bigger damage against both shields/health and explosive has balanced damage on all defenses. It is like this with every weapon type in the game, but in case of weapons with splash damage the explosive seems to be the best (at least in my opinion), where I cannot say the same thing about miniguns, because energy miniguns are much better, with probably laser being the best. Balancing is only one thing as I said earlier, another is variety and there is zero variety in end game plasma, laser, explosive splash damage weapons, because they work in exact same way. It is literally copy-paste, same issue with miniguns.To summarize this is still a very fun game to play even with its flaws, but it really could use more work and it would also be great to see more content being added to it."
,Recommended,268870,15255874,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Corion82,"It is what you would expect from true early access. It gets a little better each patch, but not too much content at this time. If you are impatient, give it a try. Good succesor to the Syndicate games."
,Recommended,268870,19425324,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,sniffit,"I came from the age where it there was Syndicate and Syndicate Wars. Loved it to bits until my games just couldn't load anymore due to bad media/old age.then there was the Syndicate reboot (kinda turned me off due to the FPS ishness) which is meh in my book.And then there was Satellite Reign, and I fell in love again all over again.Call it nostalgia or what you will, the fact that this game still resonates years on after the 1993 release speaks volumes of how original it was at that period in gaming history and how it has evolved into what it is in its current state.Yes, the Unity engine isn't exactly well optimized for multi-threading, yes the game has it's flaws (consencutive loads in rapid succession may cause a CTD, weird AI behavior, erratic pathing) but by god I like how they moved from back then till now.Pros+ Spiritual successor to Syndicate Wars+ options to pursue your objectives+ multiple paths to reach an end point+ tone/style fits the era / atmosphere on the world the game is based on+ a thinking game - where going loud isn't a very good idea to start somethingCons- Unity engine optimization needs work- rapid reloading of saved games may cause CTD- some actions of the agents tend to be erratic at times- that damned robo dog.Verdict : 7.5/10 will hijack robo dog and send him into the poisonous gas again."
,Recommended,268870,20147376,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Osiris,If your a fan of the shadowrun this might be for you.  I havnt played a lot yet but from what I have played it is quite fun.  I enjoy the real time gameplay as it makes things feel that much more frantic and serious when you get trapped in a bad position and are trying to fight your way out.The game is far from perfect I found it a bit hard to figure out at first as the tutorial does an ok job but doesnt guide you very well on what the next step.  However this might be intentional as the whole game is very open and you are just given a set of missions you can complete in any order you prefer.as im not super far into the game yet I cant say its a must buy at $30 but if you see it in a steam sale I think its definatly worth giving a try if you enjoy the cyberpunk style and want to experience more of it.
76561197970478222,Recommended,268870,26671133,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ShazBo,Anyone remember Syndicate and Syndicate Wars?Reasons to play Satellite Reign:- Great cyberpunk aesthetic- Deep and challenging gameplay- Vast arsenal of upgrades and weapons- Great visuals and atmosphere- Spiritual successor of SyndicateNegatives:- Framerate issues- Lacks drivable vehicles and destructible buildings which were featured in Syndicate Wars
76561197998007993,Recommended,268870,26961395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Valos,A pretty cyberpunk city to play freeform missions that you can go guns blazing or super sneaky. A cool story with a good soundtrack. It feels like Syndicate.
76561198004033787,Recommended,268870,17760285,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Manwolf,"did you like Syndicate (Wars) back then?were you, or are you a fan of Blade Runner?Then dont think twice and buy this game!I just raided the Ronin base in Downtown by starting a Gang fight between Ronin and Draconis, using a persuaded civilian.it was the perfect distraction to hack myself into the base from the other side, giving way for my 4 agents to get the prototypes and info my syndicate needed. get the researchers working, our agents just brought back new augmentation blueprints."
,Recommended,268870,21095299,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,dinyctis,"The game recreates Neuromancer-esque cyberpunk vibes with its generous servings of neon lights, grey skies, and perpetually rain-slicked streets. The gameplay is fun and unquestionably worth the price of admission (especially on sale). Nevertheless, there are some negative aspects worth noting:- Pathfinding system breaks regularly. Breaking your commands into multiple stages via shift-clicking does not help; your agents (and even the AI) will regularly get stuck on walls and twirl around in circles.- Agents sometimes require inconvenient amounts of micromanagement. For example, there is no proper ""fire at will"" command, and agents will stand still until you explicitly instruct them to attack. There is a time dilation-type skill (Team Stims) which helps mitigate this somewhat by turning the game into turn-based lite.- You will quickly realize that the city, while atmospheric and well-crafted, is simply a facade and filler between the restricted compounds that make up the rest of the game. It feels like some opportunity was wasted to give the city more life. E.g., the majority of objectives are given to you as soon as you enter a city quadrant for the first time, instead of say, distributing questgivers throughout the city and giving the player more reason to explore.- There's a narrow period of equilibrium in the game's difficulty where your agents' equipment and skills (and your own skills) match up with the challenges the game presents you, and each agent brings something unique to the table. But, eventually (like, after all your agents are able to cloak and hack), you'll pretty much be able to steamroll through the zones even with a single agent.Nevertheless, definitely worth picking up! I highly recommend listening to the Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon soundtrack while playing."
76561197995260060,Recommended,268870,26077110,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Setokaiva,"You are compromised! Enemies spotted your Soldier trying to hardwire an automatic door, and are rushing to cover while firing assault rifles wildly. Your Support and Hacker are caught flat-footed in the open, leaving you to order them into cover to return fire. You activate your Hacker's attack drones to give you an edge, and watch in glee as quad-rotor robots fly up to blast your attackers with energy bolts of sapphire death.Now the alarm status has gone up. The pressured guards radio for backup, alarm klaxons blare throughout the compound, and you hear rushed combat chatter and the sound of cargo doors sliding open. Your Infiltrator spots another group of much tougher guards on the approach and, desperate to buy time, you have her take a sniper shot.Their officer is knocked on his♥♥♥♥♥by a kinetic impactor round, stunning him. While his fellows sprint to cover and start returning fire, your Soldier has now managed to open the door -- but now you realize that your Infiltrator is too far away to rejoin the group in time. You frantically order your Hacker and Support through, to cover your Soldier from the other end while he locks the door behind him to deter pursuit, even though they've taken quite a few scratches themselves from the brief firefight.But by now, you've been made. The alert goes up even further as your corporate mercenary enemies realize they're dealing with individuals who are heavily armed and extremely dangerous. Desperate to protect company secrets, they authorize the use of extreme force, and soon you hear the sound of a bipedal mechanized unit stomping towards you from the other end of the base.Will you get your Infiltrator to safety in time? Perhaps you could have her zipline over open space and use her cloaking device, bringing her close enough to stealthily pick off a few enemies with melee assassination strikes. Did you bring enough firepower to deal with this operation, though? Should you hide and wait for a more opportune time? Do you exhaust your supply of frag grenades to blast a way to your objective? What are you going to do about your Support operative's low health???Choices. Satellite Reign is all about choices, and making them under extreme duress, because this is a tactical squad-based RPG that does not have a mid-battle pause button. The closest you will ever get is time dilation (slowdown), and that's from one of your Support operative's skills, so you'd better keep his Energy level high enough to use it! What I love about this game is that everything can go to hell in the blink of an eye, so now you actually HAVE to be smart and plan your movements carefully. You are up against superior numbers, and sometimes superior firepower. This game rewards you for being quick to think and quicker to act, and punishes you for getting caught with your agents out of cover or for having no backup plan.Satellite Reign now has multiplayer co-op that is in open beta (as of the date of this review), which allows different players to take control of any number of the four agents available for play in a given game session. This gives it some solid extra replayability, I think.Is the game worth it to buy? Well, it will likely take you around 30 hours to beat, less if you already know what you're doing. I think that the rewards from playing smart and successfully passing the tests of quick planning and execution that the game throws at you are well worth it; in fact, some of the best experiences in any tactical game I've played since the new XCOM: Enemy Unknown series. Satellite Reign can get a little repetitive late-game, though, I'll admit, and stealth is a little... too powerful, especially once you can afford to get every agent a cloaking device. But yes, I'd say Satellite Reign is very worth it, with or without a sale discount."
,Recommended,268870,17714014,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,burnoverride,"Only played a couple of hours but am loving it so far.Cyberpunk RTS, nice graphics and some tough (so far) missions.  Music needs some more variety.Long live syndicate !!"
,Recommended,268870,25474327,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,sceadwian,"For anyone who's a fan of the original Syndicate game, this is what you have waited 20 years for. It has a very similar feel with the steam punk theme, and even more to do than the original. It does feel a bit more challenging with an almost FPS flavor to it, how you have to coordinate your team sometimes. Overall I highly recommend it for anyone that enjoyed the original game, and if you haven't take a look, it is a unique game compared to the strategy/action releases of the past decade"
,Recommended,268870,29714289,Posted: 5 February,all,Carnival.Corpse,"Must have game for all the RTT loversSatellite Reign's story, unsurprisingly, like most of the other rtt games, is indeed rather austere looking & doesn't really do a lot to impress us. No cut scene or lack of scope for acting, no dialogues or interaction from & among the protagonists, only text based narration like the old school games may tick off the interest of some people but Satellite Reign protrudes itself from that dilemma & becomes something special.What really hooks you up & get things going for this game is the gameplay elements & the mesmerizingly dark neon themed futuristic city; rumbling & soaring with the lives of the people & armed patrols alike.Four agents, controlled by the player at the same time, which may get convoluted at first but after getting a hang out of their skills, their peregrination from one point to another within the city will rain havoc & destruction. Well, that is if you choose so. You can decide to complete a mission by going completly gun blazingly hot or be a little bit oblique in your tactics & take them out from the dark, in utter silence. Whatever you do, none shall remain alive!The game offers vast character customization. You can upgrade the skills of each of the four agents. Numerous amounts of augmentation parts, gears & weapons are there to compliment the fighting style that you prefer.Also did I mention that it has co-op story mode multiplayer featuring upto 4 players?!It's humongously satisfying!!"
76561198054438418,Recommended,268870,17796001,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,mercenaryai,"This is the open-world, sandbox Syndicate / Syndicate Wars successor that I always wanted.The game provides player with much more tactical choice than in either of Syndicate games.It also feels like a very replayable game, where one can try out new strategies.Plus, it looks good and plays good. There are occasional bugs, but very few.tl;dr: Strongly recommended!"
76561198051561868,Recommended,268870,18456503,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Air Berzerk,"Dear 5 Lives Team,Thank you for this great game!I bought it when it was still in early access and after a few tries I put it aside, because I was already convinced that it would become a good final product.Now that I've played it through, I must say this assumption was correct.For everyone who's into tactical games with a taste of puzzling and everyone that likes cyberpunkish scenarios, this is a must have. I used to play Syndicate and Syndicate Wars (I have the original package proudly hanging on my ""wall of game"") and this is a more than worthy successor.The graphics are beautiful: dark, rainy alleys and colorful strip malls filled with citizens in futuristic fashion. Impressive weapon effects. And I was able to import my cyberpunk logo into the game to use it for my company. Loved that!The controls were well thought out, enabling quick reactions and easy use of special abbilties in combat situations.The sound effects and music match the game very well, they could have been a little more bold and rumbling. I played the Syndicate Wars and Blade Runner soundtracks in the background- great atmosphere!Don't I have anything to criticize? Well, in this very complex city the characters, especially mission-relevant persons added to the team, sometimes had problems finding their way. A few times they got stuck between doors. Not so bad.I will be watching out for your future projects, godspeed!"
76561198035598339,Recommended,268870,13884657,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,joeytechno,"Okay, I never wright reviews for anything so here is my best attempt.I spent around an hour with this game and I can tell you now it defiently offers a fun experince. The atmosphere is near impeccable (I think that how you spell it :/ ) and it really has the bones of a solid tactical squad based sci-fi game. I would even go as far to say it improves some, but not all, of Syndicate's mechanics. I do caution anyone who wants to by this game that it is still in an earlly stage of development and that you will encounter many MANY bugs for the time being.if I had to rate this game as it stands now I would give it an 76/100 and slowly rising :]"
76561197965088682,Recommended,268870,30453778,Posted: 11 March,all,Hicks,"Satellite Reign is a little masterpiece combining game-designs from very old games, reviving those great ideas with  excellent improvements. Titles like ""Syndicate"" and ""Commandos"" came immediatly to my mind after playing Satellite Reign for a few hours. The game obviously has been made with a lot of love into the level design and the riddles how to solve the missions. For those that dont like riddles, brute force is an option too. I havnt tried Multiplayer until yet, but so far i am enjoying this title a lot and can only recommend it to people that like this mixture of RTS and RPG with economy and spiced some good action."
76561198001980312,Recommended,268870,30500865,Posted: 13 March,all,Chummy 8,"Why didn't I start this game ages ago?Satellite Reign is a spiritual successor to Syndicate, a classic strategy game from the 90s. SR creates an impressive open city that is fun to explore walk around in. You can zoom the camera all the way down and get a good look at the advertisements on the buildings and the dystopia of cyber street life.The open city is split into 4 districts each with relays (fast travel, gear stations) and ATMs which can be hacked to increase your steady income. In each district are guarded areas to infiltrate in order to get bonuses to the district. And the regular story missions will take you into these areas to proceed through the game.These guarded areas make the game. It truly is free form in nature with  multiple ways to sneak in or shoot your way in. I once got my infiltrator on a high roof and sniped every guard in the place without being seen. Another complex had my infiltrator stuck behind enemy lines with no easy way out, and my other 3 guys went through HELL to try to get her out only to have my entire team wipe during ex-filtration. On the way back into the complex to get the blueprints I found an air duct that lead to a much easier way in. Since there is little penalty for death, you are free to try something, fail, and then try something new. There is a sense of satisfaction of finding the right plan of attack, getting in and getting out with no problems. Or even getting in quietly, getting the objective, only to get into a massive firefight on the way out, then getting everyone out alive. It's like beating a hard boss in Dark Souls but I felt this way after every mission. Each mission was its own story in a way.SR is a real time strategy game, with an option to turn on ""team stims"" which turns on bullet time so you can get your bearings and issue commands. I was finding new stuff to do in the game right up the every end when I discovered that hijacking was very powerful.I recommend this game. But you need to go in with an open mind. It's not for everyone. I actually bought this a long time ago, but only got into it recently. Once I started playing, I was hooked tho. So your experience might be different."
,Recommended,268870,30112798,Posted: 22 February,all,Astral Projection,"This is the spiritual successor to ""Syndicate"" an old-school 90's game. I never played Syndicate but I really like this.Pros:top-down, squad-based, real-time, tactical stealth and combat, in a near-future Cyber Punk settingclasses have very distinct roles and abilities, most of which are quite usefulcontrols are like Baldur's Gate, but without the tactical pause, and less control of unitsto make up for lack of ""tactical pause"" there is a ""bullet time"" skill that slows down timegraphics are great, the city is HUGE, and there are no loading screensemergent gameplay in a giant sand-box cityawesome music and atmosphereCons:I'd give my left nut for a tactical pause keyI'd give my right nut for a ""fire from position"" keydue to massive city and no load screens, the engine isn't kind to lower end machinesDraw:100% game play, 0% roleplay, no real character development or choices besides skill points or which mission to do nextDespite the fairly minor drawbacks, the game is pretty damn compelling and fun. I didn't try multiplayer. Finished the game in 32 hours with 88% completion rate."
76561198179658471,Recommended,268870,18001514,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,TonyTheHutt,"For anyone that's a fan of the old Syndicate series (not the FPS from a few years ago, which I refused to play), this game is going to feel very nostalgic. I bought the early access earlier this year, and though I enjoyed it, I stopped playing so the game would feel ""fresh"" when it launched. I started playing again early this week, and just finished it today.The environment is very immersive and dynamic. Most of the terrain is destructable, much to my surprise. I found out on accident when using a short barricade as cover under heavy gunfire - so that was fun and welcome.Pros:-The gameplay is only as repetitive as you make it. You're at liberty to sneak, hack, or blast your way through to an objective. All of which are fun.-It's as story heavy as you want. While just crusing through the gameplay won't yield much in story, if you take the time to enjoy the game you learn more about the background of various NPC's and events that are happening or have happenned.- The entire game immerses you in a Cyberpunk setting. In game visuals, music, and sounds don't leave room for gray area. There's no doubt about the setting your playing in. It's not just another sci-fi game. It's Cyberpunk. Even the menu UI's immerse you into this genre.- Funny easter eggs refferencing other media across science fiction, most of which inspired the cyberpunk genre.-Very customizable characters. Many comibinations of equipment provide for almost limitless possibilities - this is only limitted by each of your party members classes, but even then not limitted to the point where a player feels confined to predetermined roles.-The autosave helped a lot. I have a little boy who is very curious about computer buttons who nearly cost me a few hours of progres, bless his heart.Cons:- Balance in character advancement. For the first 70% of the game, character advancement sort of trickles in terms of acquiring gear. During the last leg of the game, characters start advancing by leaps and bounds, but it takes considerable time and resources to achieve this equipment - sometimes forcing the player to ""idle"" for no other reason to acquire  end game equipment. It's only my first playthrough, so maybe I've missed something in the proccess. (I'm also not a big fan of reading guides on my first playthrough in a game, I like flying blind)- Pathing and movement functions flawlessly 99% of the time. The last 1% of the time a mobile might get stuck on a corner of a static object. This proved to get a little annoying when I absolutely needed one of my agents to move in a very precise way at a very precise time. This wasn't unique to PC's, but also NPC's. Though helpful in ensuring an easy kill, it wasn't as fun or rewarding as besting an unimpeded mobile. It would have been nice if there was some sort of course correction implemented. This was most frustrating when a vital NPC would get stuck inside a static mesh, or in a door transition.- The game might be too short. I think I'm only saying this because I really, really, enjoyed the game and I didn't want it to end.Personal Gripes:While I know the kickstarter didn't reach it's multiplayer stretch goal, I'd looooove a multiplayer function. Syndicate multiplayer was one of my favorite multiplayer experiences, and I think it could only be improved on in Satellite Reign. I'd even be willing to back an expansion that only offered a multiplayer function. Please 5Lives, consider this."
76561197983823425,Recommended,268870,24999076,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Taddar,"the game is supposed to be a spiritual successor to the PS1 game Syndicate and Syndicate Wars and i feel this game is that. It's a 3rd person, Isometric, cover based shooter, in where your team of humans, over the course of the game, end up turning into cyborgs and where you go from ballistic ammo to lasers to plasma weapons.The game plays very well in regards to commands and path finding, i've come across a few issues where my team thought that running through a poisoned area into a locked a door was a faster method than going around the building but over all, pretty solid.The team is split up into 4 members: the solider, the support, the hacker, and the infiltrator. The solider can carry heavy weapons, has the most hp and gets skills of doing more damage, taking less damage, and getting aggro. the support can scan the world showing where wires lead (so you can disable doors or cameras), scan civilian and enemy stats, locate targets for missions, etc. He is also the medic and has skills to raise the party's HP, Energy, and regens for both. The Hacker can hack into doors and cameras allowing your team to get into areas, can hack ATMs for you to get money, and can hijack (mind control) civilians and baddies alike (as well as drones). he also gets skills to summon a few drones of his own. The Infiltrator is your melee/sniper, he can access high to reach places and has a personal cloaking device.The game is an open world game where after doing missions, you can buy upgrades for your team but for every successful mission, the baddies also improve their gear. It's because of this, i find the game to suffer a bit though, because the game doesn't stop. If you're in enemy territory, the alarms get raised and an infinite amount of baddies spawn thus making running and gunning a really bad idea. as (for all, most) missions require you to run into these territories and infiltrate a building, the sniper (with this cloaking) turns into the most over powered class of the game...really fast. most missions are normally him running through the area while the rest of the team hide somewhere.Combat is real time and if you turned on the option of pause (default to D key....) time slows down enough for you to issue specif orders to your team. however, they also give you the assassinate ability which allows you to one shot anyone making the starting pistol the best weapon of the game. The weapons you get are all highly fun to use, but as stated earlier, if you're going to run in guns blazing, expect to die.Overall, i'd easily give this game an 8.5 - 9. it has some issues but is still pretty solid"
,Recommended,268870,17634654,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ATR,"When I heard this was in development, and who was involved, I had to donate to it. I played the old Syndicate games, I'm a big Ghost in the Shell fan, and this looked like everything good and right with both of them...Damn am I glad I did. Syndicate was brilliant. Syndicate Wars was epic.Then, EA became a large, corrupt organisation, just like the previous antagonists (and released a crappy shooter under the Syndicate title). Then this little group (5 Lives) came along and kicked their asses WITH THIS.This makes Satellite Reign a new, amazing ""Syndicate"" game *within the original Syndicate*.If the final boss turns out to be Keyser Söze my brain will fall out of my ear."
,Recommended,268870,29028637,Posted: 5 January,all,A Penguin,"A stealth RTS with 4 (and at times more) units that have their own skills that focuses on get-in-hit-target-get-out gameplay. I've never played the Syndicate game that people keep comparing Satellite Reign to, but as someone who's played tabletop RPGs, Satellite Reign to me is essentially Shadowrunning: The Game. No, it's not Shadowrun because there's no magic, the story isn't anything special, and it's not turn-based, but it's hard not to compare SR to SR when you case a joint and bribe a janitor for information before you sneak in to assassinate some wage slave that upset a rival corp to get some creds to buy new ware.Pros:+ Gets the cyberpunk feel down perfectly. From the terminal memos, to the megacorporation subterfuge, to the rain, to the clothing, to the neon.+ Excellent gameplay. Difficult but fair. Mechanically sound. Works no matter how you decide to play it.+ Open world. Not all games can pull off an open world setting, but it fits like a glove for Satellite Reign, and SR wears it well. Choose what missions you do, if you do them, and how you do them. Is this a sneaking mission? Is stealth optional? You decide!+ Death penalties are small. The only downside of dying is clone degradation, but you can easily grab new clone stock.+ Lots of customization for characters.+ Multiplayer support for up to 4 people. Part of the difficulty is controlling four different agents, and being able to micro them at a high enough level is made easier if you play with friends.+ Music and sound are good. Nothing outstanding and nothing poor. Music hits the right tension moments, and sound design works.Cons:- Unpolished in the sense that the game occasionally bugs out. Usually for me, characters just get stuck inside objects along walls. It's frustrating to be seven minutes into a sneaking mission and then someone gets spotted because they clipped through a pipe, and the only way out is death. Multiplayer is occasionally buggy in various ways, like lag during a gunfight. There are some other bugs as well. I can't judge this too harshly because this game was developed by five people, but it's still a negative.- Game mechanics a little bit unintuitive. Dead guard bodies don't alert anyone, disappearing guards don't cause alerts, smashing drones with a katanta makes a loud noise over your speakers but nobody else hears it or notices, drones will immediately start shooting at you, but guards will investigate the drone's gunshot noises instead of what the drone is shooting at, you can't cloak if you've been spotted, and other such nitpicks.- Unoptimised. You might experience poor performance even on decent machines.- Very minimal story. The comparison to Shadowrun is most evident here: you're a group of runners on one long shadowrun, and that's pretty much it. There's a few snippets of story here and there, but they don't matter and I was not compelled to care.Meh:? Strange AI behavior that both does and does not make sense and may or may not be intentional. More funny than anything else, but I felt it was worth a mention. One time I hardwired a door to a corporation compound open, and the city patrol went inside. The compound guards thought the patrol were intruders and a gunfight ensued. This happened at another compound later, and the city guard didn't know they were doing anything wrong. Another time, a guard investigated a dead civilian body after my agents fled the scene and thought a nearby bystander was responsible. Yet another time, I was going through the district scanner, and the door closed behind me while my agents were being scanned. The civilians in the scanner queue started walking around the closed door and went into a secure area where they were immediately gunned down.? The game is repetitive because it focuses on one particular game mode: get-in-hit-target-get-out. This isn't in the Con section because the game doesn't get boring because each compound is unique and has different approaches. There's probably not a lot of replayability because part of the appeal of this type of game is finding the weak spots in security. Once you've figured out a way in, it will work most of the time. You could think of some ways to handicap yourself, such as no murders, but the game won't enforce it.? Long up-front loading time, but no loading time during the game. I'll take this one as ""mostly positive.""Verdict:Recommended. A very solid game with a lot of game to it, but a bit homogeneous and rough around the edges. I look forward to possible mission packs that offer new locations or better story, or a sequel.Edit: having finished the game 100% and played with friends, I have to commend the game (again) on allowing either the sneaky approach, or the ""stealth is optional"" approach. It's not often enough that games allow both to be equally effective. Of note, this does add a fair bit of replayability to the game. I also felt like the last mission in the game was a lot more polished, with better music and a better integration of story into gameplay. A great capstone to the experience, and makes me excited for 5 Lives Studios' future work."
,Recommended,268870,17612356,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,banzaimonkey,"Fantastic cyberpunk atmosphere, art, and an immersive environment. ""Open-world"" and ""emergent gameplay"" in the description -- these are for real.1. Run up to the front gate. Get in a shootout. Have to retreat.2. Sneak inside. Set off alarm. Get killed by drones while trying to escape.3. Steal a car and drive past security. Hide inside the complex.4. Blow up a generator to kill the lights and security cameras. Sneak around assassinating guards and completing objectives. Walk out a side entrance like nothing happened.Gameplay is real-time tactics like Commandos or Fallout Tactics, but there are no loading screens, briefings, or linear campaign. This is also not a rougelike, platformer, or minecraft clone so if you're bored of those (like I am) you will have fun with this.I haven't played the full story yet but the devs have laid a lot of promising foundation and I'm excited to see where they take it."
,Recommended,268870,17850369,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Lamey the Clown,"A game of interesting ideas.  I'm not sure there is quite enough meat on the bone for the price, but then there are economies of scale in videogame development.  (my hour count is inflated by my tendancy to fall asleep at random times and places)It's more about strategy then execution - you have a number of toolboxes with disparate and overlapping parts.Each agent has their own skills, and then there are a weapons, gear, and augments with their own effects.  I found my strategy evolving with each new skill, augment, or gear option.  It also pays to look over your target areas - plan your path of entry and exit.Because it is a game of strategy, I don't really want to tell anyone ""how to play"" - figuring that out is the game.But there are some frequent complaints that I want to address.""No pause""  There is a pause - it's a skill the support gets.  It's not mandatory, and I never made much use of it, but if you find yourself wanting the ability to stop time and survey the situation - invest in the stim skill.""The only way to get money is to wait"" Money is a thing you can prioritize strategically.  I would suggest grabbing all the relays when you get to a new area and then carefully look through your available targets.""Syndicate wasn't about stealth..."" The game doesn't have to be about stealth.  Initially your options are limited, and you have to work with the tools you have, but again - look at your targets and the available awards.  Look at the skills you have available to invest in.  If you don't have the tools you want - acquire them.  You can go stealth, you can mix stealth and combat ability, you can build a murder squad that slaughters all that stands before them and then salts the earth.""My dudes just stand there and get shot to death"" Yeah.  I would appreciate a 'defend position' command or Fire-at-will toggle.  There is an attack-move command, logically defend is just attack-move without the movement.  I would love to be able to plant an agent or 2 in cover to create a distraction while I moved in on some other objective.There isn't much story, and what is there isn't very interesting.***slight non-specific spoiler***The ending is also really dumb, not mass effect 3 kill-your-enthusiasm-for-the-franchise dumb, but somewhat dumb.  Mostly the song.  Apologies to whatever band that is, they're probably friends with the lead programmer or something, I'm sure you're great people.  I just do not want that song to be playing there."
,Recommended,268870,17732843,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Oshae,5 Lives really pulled through and made the game I've been wishing for since the original Syndicate days. So much fun. And getting better with every release. :)
76561198026729962,Recommended,268870,13351966,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,WOLFPACKED,you can tell they have big plans from whats framed out in the UIno reason not to support this project from what I see so far.  excited for the future
,Recommended,268870,17999054,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Pyr3x,"This game is amazing! It reminds me of SEGA Shadowrun with some killer graphics. It brings a whole lot of new stuff to the table as well, things I never would of imagined in a game of this type. It offers a great deal of options when it comes to how you choose to play or accomplish your goals in game. It would appear that the game designers wanted to simulate that threat of breaking into a secure complex and getting caught! You can sneak in and ninja your way through by dodging cameras and hacking systems but if you get caught you better be ready to fight all the way back out the front door again. My only wish for this game is for them to offer another kickstarter or something, I wasn't aware of this game until it hit Steam and honestly I wish I had, I would love to invest in this game and see it be everything I know it can be. The Devs plan to add co-op modes and lots of new zones and features but they didn't hit some goals during the initial run on kickstarter. They have said on forums etc. that they still wish to see this happen so I'd love to suppor them as this game is just that damn good! Also, it would be beyond epic if we could actually go inside complexes! Anywway, buy this game now! You want it, trust me."
,Recommended,268870,19666633,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ParryForte,"Great game - this is what I remember Syndicate being like, without the appalling UI.4/5 - great soundtrack, engaging story, and the novella (in the DLC) is pretty sweet and well written.  Let down from a perfect 5/5 by a brutal initial difficulty curve and some tricky control mechanics.I find now I've finished it, I'm missing it - and that's a solid gold recommendation right there.  If you want a nice tactical cyberpunk game, I doubt you'll find better on the market today."
76561198006489992,Recommended,268870,13725993,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Captain Australia,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW 31 DECEMBER 2014Boys, the game is far from complete, but even in it's current state can be fun to play.Personally, I'm taking a small taste and walking away, will try it again at release (or at least closer to release).I just wanted to share that this looks like the real deal.A lot of EA projects provoke disappointment from their supporters... but this looks like it really re-captures the mood and tone of the Syndicate original title.  (not sure if I'm supposed to go *cough* Syndicate *cough* for licensing reasons ?).OK just in case - this game obviously has nothing to do with Syndicate intellectual properties, but the game art style and tone looks really really good.  Sound is good, civilians and environments are good, and after killing a few police, the combat feels good.Not sure about giving me 4 cyborgs in 4 distinct archetypes (soldier, hacker, support, something).  I'd personally prefer more freedom to completely choose and design my team (and potentially screw up for certain situations)But yes - I think this project is definitely worth following and supporting, it looks really good, even this early along.I'm forcing myself to walk away after a small taste of the environments and combat, I'd much rather first experience this when it's complete."
,Not Recommended,268870,34691702,Posted: 2 September,all,MettaurEX,"What could be a great game let down by atrocious bugs, performance and interface. I enjoyed this game a lot when starting but eventually the bugs got too irritating to continue with it.Pros:- Great concept, real time open world Syndicate style tactics- Great story with lots of background and good writing- Lots of choices in how you go about tasks (bribes, stealth, shoot everyone, smash and grab and run etc)- Many missions affect later activity (e.g. a strike on the police communications system will cause police to be slower to respond to alarms in the future)- Great art/map design of a cyberpunky city- Can be played as real-time or real-time-with-pause tacticsCons:- Horribly flaky and buggy, frequently crashes- Horribly slow, long loading times, terrible performance even with graphics at minimum. Just switching to the menu and back takes eons.- Many terrible interface decisions, e.g. your most recent save is not preselected or highlighted so you have to search for the latest save yourself; generally awkward menus; no system to compare weapon stats easily, etc- Developer has not updated in years and seems to have no intention of fixing any of the above.- World isn't as interactive as it first seems, gets shallow quickly.- Jagged progress curve, often things are too hard until your squad gains another level and then they're too easy"
76561198014651163,Recommended,268870,16641078,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,1free,"Has some fantasitic potential. Its a stable huge environment to play in, not all features enabled yet, and yeah some bugs you can work-around or ignore. I played syndicate back whenever for many many hours, but what I love is just how far the technology has come - not to try and re-create a concept, but to expand it - the playable map is Huuuge and you have so much freedom to move around in and make up your own methods of achieving the many goals. I'm still dipping a toe in the water and mostly just using my hacker to break into compounds and steal stuff - but I can see the potential to involve all your team fully and pull of some awesome heists.I'm cautious where I flick my money around - i'm 11 hours in and still very much working out how everything works, and very much looking forward to a finished release. Can highly recommend - if you have played syndicate before then this is a must-have, even in its current 0.7 state."
76561198029198914,Recommended,268870,17841866,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Grenedier,"This game has been fantastic. The action is deliberate, the city is engaging, and the missions require a satisfying degree of planning. I'm enjoying it tremendously."
,Recommended,268870,17777164,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"Love the graphics. Eventhough cyberpunk is being overused in the RPG genre, the art style of Satellite Reign really stands out. Love the lively city and its civilians.Decent combat system, simple but good enough quest system.Nothing negative worth noting about this game except for the worse-than-average character control, but I think it won't affect gameplay much unless you play on higher difficulties.For a game this size, it has managed to be a decent surprise.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,268870,20649814,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,holdmykidney,"Sadly right now I can't recommend this game. I wanted to love it and I do love huge swathes of it. The city looks amazing, the agent upgrades are genuinely inspiring to get to higher levels and the reimagination of Syndicate - such a huge early part of my gaming life - is excellent.For me, it fails as a strategy game.Firstly, much of the information about how to play the game is unclear. I didn't get anywhere until I checked message boards to find out how this game is supposed to work. For me, having to ask somebody else how to play a game is a clear failure.My agents have all levelled up about 10 times. Right now I could not tell you what they earned that XP for. One of them levelled up while he was standing in the street doing nothing.The line of sight the guards employ is a mystery to me. The tutorial suggests that staying out of light keeps you hidden, but this does not seem to be consistent. I have no idea what the guards' range of sight is. I have to assumed infinite, i.e. if you can see them, they can see you. I can't count the number of times a previously succesfully infriltration was ended by a single random guard able to see me from some unclear position.SInce, the original syndicate was not really a stealth game, I have also tried going in guns blazing but have found this to be a path to certain death. I have made some progress in shooting matches but only by grinding and failing the same missions over and over again to get enough XP and equipment to make my agents competitive. This is not a fun way to play games for me.Even having completed some missions I was quite unsatisfied. Many of these can be completed by rushing the main objective and getting killed in the process. Doesn't matter, the mission completion is still ticked off and you get a well done when your dead agents respawn. This is not a satisfying way to pull off a heist.In summary I can't recommend a strategy game that does not give you sufficient information to play strategically. Guard lines of sight should be clear or displayed. enemy patrols should be in some way predictable. Given that even the slightest sighting gives all guards ESP to your current and future positions, until you have retreated from the entire mission area it forces you to play all heists on a kind of Ironman mode. You have to do it all perfectly first time.I would agree that there is an argument to say that the Satellite Reign approach is ""realistic"", but in reality four agents cannot successfully assault a fortress with surveillance cameras and an endless supply of guards and hover drones. I just prefer games to be a representative experience of player levers and rewards. I'm less interested in this game as a simulator.It's hard to know whether the faults of Satellite Reign are elements of polish that are missing or fundamental gameplay faults that should have been corrected at the design stage, but as this version stands I can't recommend it as more than a paean to a former classic and a wonderful tech demo, leaving me to wonder how much more it could be with gaming added to it."
76561198076965322,Recommended,268870,17854446,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Grunting For Effect,"This game is not done, however I would recomend it anyway. All games will have problems and this one is not an exception. Things can be glitchy or downright broken... BUT I love it anyway, fun gameplay and intersting mechanics give you a game that is a bit patchy in places but great fun to play. When I say patchy, it is small things that show that it's still in developement, without those I would be surprised to find that this game would still be in developement. The main things that are lacking from this game are simple quality of life issues.GameplayThe main thing i like about this game is that you can go stealth or loud. If you fail at the escape part of stealth it doesnt matter too much as long as you get your people moving out quickly. If you are spotted, it is not the end of the world (somthing i enjoy allot), kill all the witnisses and you wont have a problem.Loud is a different story, it is harder than stealth and therefore not recomended but still fun to do. It is not a deathwish and i love that, fireing a bullet wont send an army after you. As long as you stop them calling reinforcements (not too much of a problem if you are paying attention) you can survive the encounter without a sweat. Beware of nearby enemies though, if you shoot near a lot of bad guys you will pay for it. What you can do is create a bubble of silence, allowing you to kill in the area without a worry of other people noticing.A thing that needs to be added is an overwatch ability, sometimes when stealthing into a base I will leave my teamates, what I would like is that they dont just stand there and die. AI is a large problem in the game, one of the things that really breaks the fun. That said I am not having much of a problem with it. If your troops arent positioned right and cant have a LOS on the target you want them to shoot they will sometimes just shoot at a wall, wasting their bullets. Ammo is not a real problem in this game, I have never had a time where my units are all out of bullets and you have a slot for secondaries that has an infinite pool.There is a way to slow time but it slows camera movement as well. Micromanagement is something you will have to learn if you want to play this game. Although the micro management is not particularly hard.Whilst death feels like a failiure the game doesnt punish you much for it, somthing I enjoy allot. There is a minor loss of xp or money (your choice) but it is not the end of the world if your badasses get shot to bits on the fieldThis game is STUNNING, love the graphics, Nuff said.In conclusion, the AI and lack of quality of life improvements are the only thing that I have a problem with in this game. This will not be for everybody though, I had to give it time at the start, little options at the start make it a bad intro to the game, this changes dramatically later with your characters gaining an individual skill type and role. I would recomend this to anyone who likes RTS and cyberpunk. As it is I think that the price is a bit high but constant updates mean that soon this game will be more than worth the £20 you have to pay for it. If you can ignore the games sins you will find a fun and rewarding experence."
76561198037108662,Recommended,268870,13605764,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,13,has the makeings of a very good game but is most definatly still in alpha.
76561198106414786,Recommended,268870,33436111,Posted: 10 July,all,MechGruber,a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun despite performance issuesI really hope they make a sequel with a decent engine
76561198127703986,Recommended,268870,33793054,Posted: 25 July,all,burnt_RAM_,"having too much fun playing this rn. game is a bit buggy and poorly optimized, yes, but it doesnt take away from the awesome gameplay at its core. its immersive, its fun and it really captures the cyberpunk/dystopian feel of police and drones patrolling every inch of the city (and every inch your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥).infiltrating dirty corporations is the games bread and butter. you can choose to infiltrate in so many ways, going balls out guns blazing through the front door (my personal fav) or sneaking your way through metal gear style, its entirely up to you.a true gem!if it werent for the bugs and poor optimization id prob give the game a straight 10, which i dont hand out often. still its a solid and fun game. much recommend7.5/10"
76561197970463621,Recommended,268870,24513388,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,M0053,"An excellent spiritual successor to Syndicate!A BRIEF SUMMARY:- Pretty, Sleek, Cyberpunk, with well made UI and controls.- Real-time game play makes this very engaging- A good variety of enemies, weapons, upgrades and play styles.- Engaging light RPG elements.- Online and local coop make this a must have.- Some minor issues with multiplayer sync and clipping into walls, but overall a very well polished game!"
76561198046144692,Recommended,268870,24501021,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Gus,"For those that loved Syndicate, this seems like a very good upgrade!Modern, non-linear, not just a 1 solution to achieve the objective and nicely balanced IMO.A definate keeper."
,Recommended,268870,18005606,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,viluh,"Satellite Reign doesn't shove the game's story down your throat. Instead you're thrown into an open cyberpunk world complete with feuding mega corporations and Blade Runner inspired sets..You have great freedom in this game and what you do from there is up to you: you can do missions (in whatever order you choose) or just fool around the four huge city districts. You can also choose how to upgrade your team (be it skills, gear, weapons or clones).How you go about your business is also up to you... you can break into huge fortresses by force or use hacking and stealth skills to do it totally unnoticed. As your team grows in skills and equipment so will the enemy. The developers have recently added new game modes that have added difficulty and will make the game even more challenging for experienced players.The Good:- Frequent updates up to and even after launch- Graphics / sound / atmosphere (the cyberpunk world is awesome)- Open world- Soundtrack- high replay valueThe bad- Map is a bit confusing to use- controls aren't really bad but could be better- some bugs here and there but most have been fixed by nowI really wish there are future updates or expansions that allow our team to go inside the city's buildings.So should you buy this game? if you're into cyberpunk settings and real time strategy go for it. If you loved Syndicate then definitely go for it!"
76561198027946566,Recommended,268870,18013278,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,MT,"Really enjoyed the game, both stealthing through and going in all guns blazing - there are some nice touches to the UI and the game system which you realise over time, but it does also need you to be a little patient sometimes as there are other aspects which lack some polish or are glitchy (as mentioned in other reviews).  I also enjoyed piecing together the story through the data terminals, it worked nicely for me as a narrative style.  Overall would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,268870,30402065,Posted: 8 March,all,caribou48,Decent game. If its on sale buy it.Its not quite the spiritual successor to Syndicate. But all in a decent game.Not amazing but not terrible. 7/10 kinda deal.
,Recommended,268870,26569635,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,AchnaridJ,This is basically what I hoped for when I bought the newest Shadowrun spin-offs. Enjoyed it hugely.
,Recommended,268870,29432038,Posted: 22 January,all,maybe.hello.world,"Yes, I like this game.Great atmosphere and good plot, endless number of solutions for any situation. You can plan your operation in any style and change it ten times during mission. In co-op, of course, it's more interesting.Cons: not very smart AI and some stupidity of agents - if you order him to shoot at someone, he will shoot despite of walls, stairs etc.Anyway, it's beautiful and atmospheric cyberpunk game about planning and improvisation. =)8/10"
76561197980796094,Recommended,268870,34690341,Posted: 2 September,all,witness1,"Excuse me, Ma'am? Sir? Do you know Syndicate? From back then? Did you like Bullfrog's Syndicate? Yes? Then let me introduce you to my hacker to hijack your brain and use you as a source for cloning agents! You will get cyber implants, Lasers or Plasmaweapons, even cool upgradable skillz like cloaking. Sounds fun? It is. Satellite Reign is the spiritual successor to Syndicate we all needed. Good soundtrack, fantastic visuals. Missions are either ""break in over here"" or ""find person over there"". But the posibilities from invisible sneaky pacifist, guns blazing attack squad to assassin hacker are great! Recommended on almost all levels, because the AI is a bit thick and some commands are ignored.Follow me as a curator athttp://store.steampowered.com/curator/28337205-Fair-Minded-Witness/?appid=298050"
,Recommended,268870,17636108,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,master,"I love you guys, perfect work. I like getting new updates almost every time I log on.Just one point: I am missing a massive damage weapon like nuke grenades or something else. Would be very happy, if you add such a weapon.After this project: please work on a successor. Will pay any price for good work :)@all: BUY THIS GAME!!! IT IS WORTH EVERY PENNY."
,Recommended,268870,17790708,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DaveBot,"I'm really loving this game. First play-session ended up in 7 hours straight and that rarely ever happens. Despite being realtime, once this game gets started it very much has this ""one more turn"" feel to it. Although in this instance I should perhaps rather put it as ""one more try,"" after your break-in attempt is brutally smashed by overestimating your own ego.It is a little overwhelming at first, but I really recommend just cutting loose and experimenting. While you're still just starting up, you can really only gain through trial and error (unless you're the kind of person who thinks that ""no bonus"" is a penalty).EDIT: Looking back at this game is weird, I never actually completed it. While I did state that the mechanics are great, they're also very simple and they do not really evolve as the game goes on. After you've played the first quarter of the game you've practically tried everything already. If you love it so much that you feel like you can keep doing that four times longer than what you've already played, then I suppose you can get yourself to complete it. But unfortunately this game feels like it is too ""stretched out"" for its own good. Either it needs new mechanics to be procedurally implemented into the existing environment, or the whole experience needs to be shrunk into a much smaller gamespace.I'd still recommend this game to people who REALLY like the cyberpunk setting, or are fans of the original Syndicate games that have clearly inspired these. The ambience and nostalgia might be enough to carry you through, but unfortunately this was not the case in my own unfinished playthrough."
,Recommended,268870,17795706,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Polkaroo,"Awesome so far. Syndicate tactical squads and dark future setting meets Assasin's Creed's candystore map/mission interface. Quite a few clever ideas around item prototype research, snatching civilians with better stats to use for cloning, hacking the system, etc."
,Recommended,268870,17793785,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Dominus Nox,"Love Syndicate?  Satellite Reign is more than just a spiritual successor - this game is Syndicate as your rose-tinted nostalgia remembers it.Massive open world, gorgeous cyberpunk dystopia, and ruthlessly efficient corporate warfare.  Satellite Reign is awesome."
,Recommended,268870,22344827,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,truthwarrior,"I am recommending this game but I say only buy it on sale. I am glad this kind of game exist and I hope to see more like it, but it definitely needs some work done. I was hoping this game would be similar to Shadowrun. It is not. The setting of this game is similar to Shadowrun (i.e. cyber-punk anarchist anti-corrupt government/corporation), minus the magic. However, the missions are less defined and basically the same. The missions are all about getting to a restricted location, going in a building, and getting out. Overall I am not bummed I bought it, but I am basically playing it just to finish it.Pros•	Visually beautiful from the environment to the characters.•	Customizable characters•	Interesting story environment (i.e. futuristic cyber-punk)•	Living environment. People are walking around and react to your actions. For example, if you kill a random person people will flee. If they see you taking control of someone’s mind they run in fear. Cars stop if you walk in front of them.•	Open world exploration and fun.Cons•	Missions are basically the same. “Run to X location, which is a restricted zone, stay hidden or shoot your way through, get into building (which equates to stealing information), then get out so you can save the game.”•	Punished for changing characters, even from beginning. If you change your character class you automatically lose one skill point on all your skills. Therefore, even though you can change your skills there is serious motivation not to do it. So if you want to make all your characters the same, say you want to make them all soldiers to shoot your way through a mission, your characters are weakened for it.•	Team-AI are essentially non-reactive. You really need to micro-manage your team. If you don’t tell them to shoot, they will just take stand in the open taking shots. This game would benefit from either turn-based combat or at least a pause feature.•	Can only save when all of your team are in a save points. Normally this wouldn’t be a problem but when characters bug out and fall through the map you have to load the game from an earlier save point.•	Certain features don’t seem to save. For examples, I was trying to get an achievement for shooting all the cameras in a district. However, every time I load a game the cameras are back. I can’t figure out why it won’t save."
,Recommended,268870,20190386,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Freya69Dom,"Cyberpunk world, weapons & implants, money & research, missions, and also you can ""persuade"" or kill the city residents. Yep, SYNDICATE LIVES!!!! <3"
,Recommended,268870,32043275,Posted: 29 May,all,Frederica,"For a game that actually tries to take after Syndicate, well, this game's great.Sometimes it feels like it did some things wrong, but there are some new things that make it more fun than Syndicate."
76561198008051023,Not Recommended,268870,17801351,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Cuddles,"It looks like it might be an interesting game, but right now my pathfinding agent AI controls are just terrible.  Because this game is not turn based like a typical crpg, the failure of my agents to do as I ask is totally uncool.  If I click them into cover and they choose to stop halway...well so much for not being seen."
76561198161974171,Recommended,268870,32039472,Posted: 29 May,all,Vivax,"Dont understand the hate in some reviews. Very enjoyable game with great visuals, good control and tense stand offs and skirmishes. This is more enjoyed as a guerilla stealth game than a blast em all. The developers have taken great pains to ensure that both type of game plays are possible, if you miss something on the skill tree or an augmentation, there are complimentary skills which cover up. You dont feel restricted and there's lots of choices, adds to the novelty. Havent played the previous syndicate, but enjoying this one."
76561197977343422,Recommended,268870,24120017,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LTM KUSANAGI,"Learning curve is very high at start. yer dropped right into it with no hand holding. no explanations whatsoever.Alas, the game SATELLITE REIGN is in many ways more SYNDICATE than the original syndicate or the SYNDICATE:WARS ever was.Bullfrog has a very present spirit hovering over all of this.. The game is not as the newest Syndicate title that is FPS, by starbreeze , but the multiplayer part from that game (4 agents warfare) is in good spirit of the original setup.What SYNDICATE series always captured well in the sci fi worlds created by them,Is especially the feeling of dirty slums, neon makeup and a very low value of human life.The music and sound effects are good. The music especially is top notch.Am only 20 hours in.....This is 10 out of 10 so far....but consider me a syndicate fan since launch of the original. somewhere at 1991 or so..."
76561198022692782,Recommended,268870,16822278,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Pluschi-x,"Great atmosphere, great gameplay, if you like 3rd person games get it."
76561198089402095,Not Recommended,268870,30752131,Posted: 26 March,all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"In fairness, this game is well made, and you can tell alot of development time has gone into it. That being said, that is not the same as this being a good game. Overall I'd say this game is decent, but your agents won't really react unless you tell them to, wich means they have to be controlled in all and everything they do.Another thing that shows this game has had alot of development put into it is the amount of things you can do straight away in the game. There's alot of different missions or objectives to follow up on, either to get cash, information or something else. Problem is, it's almost too much. The amount itself is managable, but the problem is it's very difficult to determine what's most useful, and what different objective will provide the most gain. In short, it's alot of information, and it becomes tedious to digest it.If you do have alot of time to spare to get into this game, and you don't mind micromanage your agents all around, then I belive you can have alot of enjoyment from this.For the casual gamer though, I'd say only pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,268870,20308462,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Slon,awesome comeback of syndicate ...
,Not Recommended,268870,20983092,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,[OSyn] Azzalack,"I played all the way through the game, and while it has moments of enjoyment, it is more bad than good.First off, the bad.* The game plays fine for the first 15 to 16 hours, but after that mark, bugs begin appearing in mass, most of which effect gameplay in frustrating ways. Pausing respawning all enemies in the world, for example. Soldiers aiming in a completely different direction than their indended target. Soldiers refusing to move or shoot, and getting stuck in place or in terrain.* The game has a poor progression system - that is, linear. There is no reason to use Plasma over Laser based weaponry, for example, when both are unlocked so close to one another. The game pauses during inactivity, which hinders the research function whenever you are waiting before infiltrating an enemy region.* The story is next-to non-existent, as is the environmental interaction.* There are traces of unfinished features all over the game, leaving a feeling of yearning for what could have been. Vehicles are present, but pose no threat and serve no purpose.* The relay system should have been either removed or toned down drastically.* While there are plenty of hotkeys, some of the more trivial tasks that one must always do in momments of fast-paced high-risk action seem to have been overlooked.* Certain graphics settings have either no effect on the visuals or frame-rate, even when disabled.* Lack of narrative progression after tutorial and before the final ""boss.""* Lack of enemy variety.* Enemies do not use many tactics, and are keen to sit and shoot until killed.Now, the good.* Exceptionally long game. Each area takes roughly 10 hours to complete on a speed run.* Customizable difficulty. This makes the stealth-play far more important, and removes the triviality of death.* Good setting, but not fleshed out due to lack of interaction with it and the limited civilian life. There are also no indoor areas.* Has potential for modding.* Better than Syndicate, this game's predecessor.* Excellent character growth; difference between beginning characters' weakness and ending characters' strength is outstanding. Blowing up even the hardest, largest enemies in mere seconds in amazing.Overall, I give the game a 4/10. I wanted to like it, but it just feels like it needed another year of design and programming."
,Recommended,268870,18024333,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,NikeAurelius,Great game! Great support from the devs. If you liked syndicate this is a game for you!
,Recommended,268870,26326212,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Running-Target,"Satellite Reign is an awesome reboot of the original Syndicate game from Bullfrog.  Very cyberpunkish world and gameplay.  It works on Win 10, looks good, plays good, sounds good.  Plenty of choices in approaching your objectives.  Not a turn based combat game like Shadowrun or X-com, more like an Action RPG.  Huge Isometric maps with multiple levels.  Great graphics, moving npcs and enemies.for more info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zU-q2V4UD7Uhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8kVL34NjDohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ipsRMK3wRghttp://www.pcgamesn.com/satellite-reign/satellite-reign-early-access-reviewhttp://www.rockpapershotgun.com/tag/satellite-reign/http://www.ign.com/games/satellite-reign/pc-20001926"
76561197995614523,Not Recommended,268870,19414298,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,piduck,"As a fan of the original Syndicate, I couldn't help but get excited even at the name of this game.  A few months later, I have mixed feelings.  Satellite Reign certainly evokes Syndicate, and moreso Syndicate Wars, but lacks the finesse that made those games such classics.  Point by point, everything's there: the Blade-Runner visuals, the cybernetic implants, the mind control devices, but they all feel stale and lifeless.A lot of this has to do with the change in pace.  While Bullfrog's classics had barely any animation for most actions, your agents take ages to do pretty much anythingin Satellite Reign, with detailed but unnecessary animations for getting into cover, pulling up a gun to sight, etc.  The consequence is that what was originally a fast-paced, tightly controlled game now handles like molasses.  It takes upwards of a second for your agents to actually act on your orders, and the fiddly nature of the contextual controls means that when they finally do, you might be surprised by what they actually start doing.  All the punch and feel of the original is missing, and this shatters any sense of nostalgia for me.  Contrast games like Sublevel Zero, which capture the movement and experience of their inspirations, and it's hard not to feel disappointed.  In fact, if they fixed the controls and combat pacing, that would be enough for me to recommend this game, despite its other flaws.There's a similar problem in the tone and setting; while the visuals are very pretty, they don't quite convey the sense of oppression in the originals, and the world doesn't have the sense of mystery and misinformation that Syndicate Wars did.  The story places you as an almost-valiant underdog, and without the clearly amoral tone of Syndicate, where you are exactly like your opponents from the very beginning, the narrative elements are just bland.  The story and tone, like the gameplay, capture the surface elements of Syndicate Wars perfectly, but miss the details of execution and performance, and consequently the impact.Ironically, this game shines brightest in the ways it's not like Syndicate.  The class based stealth and problem solving has echoes of Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines.  Whilst not as well developed as that game's strategic challenges, it is engaging and balances freedom with puzzle design well.  Whilst not as evocative as Syndicate Wars, the bright neon colours of Satellite Reign are more beautiful than anything I ever saw in that game, and not just because of modern hardware.  There's the beginnings of a game that can stand on its own two feet here - but I don't feel it's there just yet.  Perhaps 5 Lives need to find the courage to take their ideas from out of the shadow of Syndicate Wars, and let someone else do justice to a remake."
76561198016098220,Not Recommended,268870,19961583,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Thomas,"Short, for those with the attention span of a text message:BAD: bad tutorial, bad saving system, information overload, everything looks the same. Too confusing and aggravating to be fun.GOOD: Music, city atmosphere.Long:I know I only played a few hours, and I will adjust my review as my gametime increases, but I feel the need to write a review right away, because there are several things that greatly affect my expectations and enjoyment of the game right from the start.There are several things wrong right away, and potentially ruin the game completely.First, the tutorial is way too short. Only a few things are explained, and there is no way to go back in the tutorial, nor is there a way to save during the tutorial. And there is no manual!So very early on in the game, you run into stuff that is not explained, like for instance the ""hijacking"" skill.Now, there are a lot of ""tutorial"" moments that try to explain stuff. You are constantly bombarded with messages that you have to read, which interrupt the game. Some of those even at crucial moments! While you are waiting for timers on camera's for instance, the game annoyingly wants your attention, Hey, Look at me! Forget the game, let the guards catch you! Really annoying. (Especially the ""Fast Travel"" moment is very bad. The message stays in your screen, overrides everything, and makes your travel to a point you don't want to go, without the option to travel back. Major design flaw here!)Another thing that is very confusing, is the city itself. It is beautifully made, but every inch looks exactly the same. There are no visual indicators to easily see in which area you are, or where you are relative to certain objects. It is so easy to completely forget where you are, and there is no full overview map, only a minimap. Where the hell am I? is something you will ask yourself, trust me.There is no mission order. The game starts with 2 missions. Seems easy enough. However, as soon as you start doing those, and explore the city more, you start getting more and more missions. You are swamped with missions, objectives and stories. So much so, that it is becoming confusing and annoying. You have no clue what to do next. Every time you turn a new corner, some annoying message alerts you to a new mission, and more lore, while you are just trying to focus on your current mission. Sure, it is nice that there are a lot of missions to do, but the game overloads you with info and missions so much, that you lose track and get annoyed, and want to skip reading all the lore all together, which can't be good.The saving system is terrible, and believe me, this game needs saving a lot. If you don't save right from the start, you will quickly stop liking this game.The game gives you the idea you can save anywhere, outside of restricted areas and combat, and return where you left off. Sadly, when you reload, you start at the last/closest beacon from where you were, which is really annoying. And since you cannot save in a restricted area, you basically cannot save during any mission. It means that every time you come back to the game, and want to continue, you have to remember what you were doing, and walk back to the point you were, and start your infiltration all over again.  Why??? If you can save at a certain point on the map, why not on any point? This mechanic is stupid, aggravating and unnecessarily penalizing. It ruins your fun.If there is one thing that is unforgivable in a game, and very bad design, and poor judgement, is penalizing a player when he is not doing well in the game. Sure, a game can be hard and challenging, but punishing a player for not performing well is a flawed and very bad idea. One of the core purposes of a game is to entertain, to give you joy, even when it is challenging. It should make you want to come back and try again. Making people suffer with bad saving and walking back half the city, not knowing where the hell they were when they screwed up, is not much fun.The few good things of the game are the music and the atmosphere of the city, but for me it is clear that the designers have very little experience playing with other games, and are terrible at the construction of a game, don't know what entertainment really means, and lack empathy for the average new player. The fact that you can code, does not mean you are a good Game Maker, and this game is an example of that, for me at least.Edit: I know I only played a few hours, but the fact the game already annoys me, and makes me want to stop playing, is not a good sign! I don't feel the sense of excitement, or need for discovery, that other games give me. That, in itself, counts heavily."
,Not Recommended,268870,29257883,Posted: 14 January,all,Cocaine Dustbath,"Awful controls, awful pathing, AI, and interface. Aside from playability, this game seems very engaging, but the ability to actually play the damn game is the most important part of any game, and it's an accomplishment how hard they dropped the ball with that."
76561198068383768,Recommended,268870,17733453,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Spxreckoning,Have i ever decided to take the time to review a game on steam before no and if i had the proof to prove it i would show that i havent or if i did i dont remember this game is one of the best games ive played all ever. Its almost everything i could have wished for in a game and i feel like even right now it will grow and expand to something greater 10/10
76561198002589014,Recommended,268870,18042965,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,-=XX=-Nephilim,Brilliant game in almost every respect!I hate engine that is running on but apart from that - this is great blast... :)
76561198025582767,Not Recommended,268870,32801399,Posted: 25 June,all,FistfulOfZen,"While this game is visually beautiful, that's unfortunately about where the reason to play the game actually ends.Bad AI? Check.And by bad, I'm talking functionally broken at a fundamental short bus level. From pathing to not shooting at enemies that are shooting at them, the underlying mechanical decisions made by the developers of this game are inexplicable. The characters won't even attack from behind cover. Click twice? The characters will run (for a couple seconds, then they run out of energy). Click three times, because you're in a hurry? They will start running, then stop, then walk. Seriously.Enemy AI is even worse, the security forces will take cover... in front of barriers, so you can just shoot them in the back. The enemy security forces will actually deaggro in direct line of sight of a raging gun battle. Enemy security NPCs outside a certain range will remain in idle animations while being gunned down. Honestly, the AI is so bad, it reminds me of TotalBiscuit's review of Day One: Garry's Incident. Yes, it's THAT bad.Dated game mechanics? Check.When the devs say they were inspired by Syndicate, they weren't kidding, and the game play is as wooden as you'd expect from a 20 year old game. Don't get me wrong, there's some good mechanics (like how the game is XP and skill based), but even then, the game depends on a ""hacked money flow"" system (from hacking ATMs), which means that, as I'm typing this, my characters are slowly accruing money with which to buy things. Not that there's much you can do with money to begin with. There's actually pitifully little. And the combat system?Boring. An 8 year old could have designed better, with little provocation. As stated above, characters don't use cover effectively at all, the clunky way the user interface, the bad AI, and the really limited commands you can give the characters leads to a repetitive series of bland shoot outs, with the characters making seriously toddler stupid level targetting decisions. Worse, it's possible to provoke the police, kite them to a spawn location, and the enhanced healing from the spawn locations will allow your team to tank endless incoming fire, not that the dumb as a box of rocks AI will be able to consistently path security personnel to your position.Absent Character Customization? Check.Here I'm talking about the character's appearance. There's precious little in the way of customization. Seriously, in the 21st Century and in a cyberpunk game, you can't even change how the character looks outside of simple color palette swaps. Not that the default appearance is bad. It's just not what I want them to look like.Underutilization of voice acting? Check.Don't worry, no one can accuse you of not being a reader after playing this game, because you'll be reading stuff until you're sick of it, because they couldn't be bothered to find a microphone for someone, ANYONE, to read voiceovers for mission logs and quest objectives, or they simply couldn't afford to. It's not a small element, especially since they spent so much time and energy on the visuals, the audio they just completely missed (past the tutorial). It's all just blah blah blah text walls.Lack of Optimization? Check.On a rig that can run Saints Row IV on max graphical settings with 60 FPS without any problems, this game crawls. It's a comedy how bad this game is optimized, probably because the devs have no clue how to go about that.Lack of Support? Check.The game developer has abandoned this title. Hopefully they are investing their time in other talents, because game development sadly ain't one. :/What would make it better?1) The characters utilizing cover intelligently. Popping up to take some shots, then dropping back down.2) ANY kind of tactical play. Think X-Com, with moving agents to create cross fire opportunities, while others provide covering fire, while NPCs actually respond by falling back, gathering up, and rushing the characters.3) Being able to move AND SHOOT... at the same time. You know... like people actually can.4) Implementing Sniper Rifles that doesn't treat them as ""just a bigger gun"".5) Any kind of REAL customization. With or without face covering goggles. With or without hoods. Choice of boots, clothes, etc.6) A better economy than ""wait to be rich"". No, sure it's a nice basis, but it's boring. No, seriously. Really boring.7) Find someone that can code AIs above a 2nd grader's intelligence. The combat would be more compelling if they just shouted ""Bang bang bang! Bang bang bang! You're dead!"", because it'd at least be funny... at least for about 10 minutes. Okay, strike that.Final Score: 4/10. Meh.Metacritic gives it a 75. This game deserves half that. It's playable. In the admittedly short period of time I've played it, the game hasn't crashed for inexplicable reasons, blown up, or fell into an sudden death spiral of glitches. So the game, itself, is stable. Sadly, it's just not particularly fun, with the lack of customization, shallow tactical play, coupled with sometimes hilariously bad AI, it's just an uninspired game. It has the slick appearance of a AAA title, with unpolished and clunky mechanics.Anyhow. No, I can't recommend this game to anyone. Seriously, even at $4.19, it's probably better to just go spend your money on other better games. You're so hungry for a cyberpunk game, with hacking, infiltrating, gun play that you can almost taste it? This game will just disappoint you. It's a cheap Chinese knockoff of a 20 year old game. Do yourself a favor and keep looking.PS - Just had another of those moments where I'm yelling at my computer ""What are you DOING!?"" as members of my team run out of cover for no reason whatsoever, so they can get gunned down. One guy gets gunned down, I get him back up, then he liesurely runs in the WRONG direction. Oh, the AI in this game is every kind of stupid. I just had a gunfight with security personnel, and I haven't even bothered to move from where I was standing. Threat level has dropped to nothing.This game is a bad joke. Seriously."
76561198141429660,Recommended,268870,17750448,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Halfgeek,"This isn't a review yet (due to limited time to play), it's just to confirm for other gamers that SR runs very well, it's very optimized.My specs: i5-3570K, 12GB, AMD R290X.Ultra settings, 1080p, 60 FPS inside the main city zones.So far, polish is excellent, something on-par with AAA development but these guys are a small 5 man team. Squad movement is fluid, combat is fluid, stealth works, very vibrant and cyberpunk atmosphere. Graphically it puts most other games of this genre to shame, even ones from big studios.Will update when get some free time to play more."
76561197990495541,Not Recommended,268870,18311480,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SobeR999,"Yes, it has nice graphics but this game is VERY frustrating. Theres NO SAVE option during missions, which means you will have to RESTART them a hundred of times. Why? Because of AI and cover system that doesnt work. Your agents will get spoted where they shouldnt, like behind walls, and enemy will start shooting, reinforcments will arrive and its game over for you. 30 or more mins of game time wasted.Enemy drones will get stuck in places you need to pass through, making it immposible for you to procede with the mission.Your agents will fail to execute orders, etc...If this game doesnt get patched soon, its just not worth it !!!"
,Recommended,268870,18047012,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,master_raider01,Customize your infiltrator to wear a white robe with red linig = Assassins Creed: Satellite Reign
,Recommended,268870,17977542,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Gorthag,"Fun game, lacks polish in some places but overall well done and entertaining.  I particularly enjoy the open world flexibility and ability to apply stealth, hacking, shooting or a combination to get the job done.  The atmosphere and ambience of the world is also good at sucking me in."
,Recommended,268870,13412473,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,sigr197,"Not bad for basically a ""demo"" needs a lot of work such as better unit a.i. and needs tighter controls perhaps a way to adjust the camera to show different angles? I will update my opinion as new info/bulds becomes available. This could be quite a gem in the future."
76561197995251346,Recommended,268870,17241086,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,NX_Phoenix,"Let's just get this out of the way: this game has semi-recently come out of alpha and it shows--it's a bit rough around the edges.  That needed to be said so you can understand the full context of the following: it is totally worth it.  This is a great game that I just sit down and sink hours into.  The open world is there for you to explore and has enough to keep you busy and engaged without eventually feeling mundane.  The skills and tools your agents have offer a variety of possible solutions to your various challenges (although some are easier than others).  Additionally, using informants doesn't feel like a cheat so much as proper heist planning: casing the joint, greasing a few palms, and getting insight into who has the actually run on the vault.Also, wIth the open world with open ended solutions the developers made a great choice: death of your agents is not the end nor an unbearable setback.  It's problematic and costs you time, XP, and/or money but it's not crippeling.  Agent resurrection is always available, new clones can be acquired, and passive syphoning of ATMs for cash allows you to make up for mistakes or ops that did not go as planned. This encourages the experimentation a game like this needs to enable while still keeping a steady difficulty curve.All I can say is this game is very fun and doesn't straight jacket you while still feeling all proper and cyberpunk.  The gameplay experience is worth the rough edges and I eagerly look forward to every update.  Keep on keep'en on 5 Lives."
,Recommended,268870,26015001,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ned,"All the reviews say Syndicate, I'm not gonna tell you otherwise, that's exactly what it is.  Only it actually looks cyberpunk-y, the SNES-era graphics couldn't really muster that back then (Syndicate came on floppies! Do you have a shelf that still has floppies on it? YOU PHILISTINE, throw them out, and buy this.) And it looks good, always a sucker for a pretty isometric style game. The camera is locked into one angle (unless I'm overlooking something) that sort of oscillates like a fan, which helps give you a better view in some areas but for me it can be a mild annoyance.If you dunno what Syndicate is, because it came on floppies, think Shadowrun, and if you dunno wtf that is either then think RTS XCom, and instead of aliens, the enemy is....um...""The Man"" (literally in this game's case, according to the backstory).  Seriously, in the beginning, some chick is like, hey this guy and his macguffin suck, let's kick him in the balls; but honestly that's all it needed, if it even needed that much. But yeah, very click-to-move, hotkey style game.You're in a city broken into districts; you're free to go wherever you want from the outset, although in a style familar to Grand Theft Auto fans, in that if you leave the starting area without doing the proper pre-reqs first, you're gonna have an army on your♥♥♥♥♥ or at least you'll have to fight through one, after you've done that I suppose you're free to shed the ""wanted level"". Within each district is a number of base or fortress style areas you can send your 4-man team (any or all) in to recover this or destroy that or rob a bank or shoot this prick or escort that prick (those missions can go to hell btw).  You have a thing in your menu that gives you some sense of direction if you want it, or can you ignore that completely systematically (or randomly) raid each little ""base"" within a district until you've got everything; granted if you do it that way, I think you can miss out on some upgrades, though I believe if so you are allowed to purchase them later on for a steep price.Its not turn based, a game that looks like this reeks of turn based gameplay, but its far more in line with an RTS, each of your dudes has certain abilities, and within that you can outfit them with varying weapons and gear that can lean towards stealth or kaboombooms or whatever you like, once you've researched the tech (which is fairly straightforward, you find and recruit scientists within the city and allocate them as a resource on whatever blueprints you have available).  Stealth is fairly heavily incentivized because if an alarm gets set off you can find yourself in really nasty situations, there seem to be tiers of security or law enforcement and once you've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off ""The Man"", you could be looking at 20+ dudes charging your location, some carrying plasma miniguns or laser sniper rifles, another guy in that group might be jamming your support abilities, and they might have those annoying♥♥♥♥♥spider drone things that run up and explode in your face and knock everybody down so they're defenseless to the aforementioned plasma minigun toting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, so in short, you'd do well to hide behind cover and used silenced weaponry to eliminate patrols, or use your infiltrator and hacker (in order to enter a ""base"" or restricted area, you generally have to unlock/blast open a security door or find some other route in) to open up alternate routes that bypass the goose-stepping asshats altogether. Eventually you're gonna have to open up the whupass can, but you will want to do everything you can to stack the deck first, just charging into a restricted area leeroy style is a tough row to hoe even with the best gear and upgrades.I'm having a lot of fun with it, for me its like a far less linear Shadowrun, although there's never gonna be any dialog options that're influenced by your skills or anything like that, the shotgun does all the talking in this game.  Definitely worth whatever I paid on whatever sale, I have 15 hours in it and I JUST got done with the first area (I think), considering the non-linearity of the game I could see it easily reaching 40+ hours for me.  I was sold when my hacker got the ability to take control of any person she encounters, and can then send that person to be used as a host for one of my squad if they die (or want an upgrade), how do you not love that!  Want to look like that hot eurotrash chick on the corner? Have your dude creep up behind her, type some commands into his arm, send her to your lair and then....take control. She might even give you a bonus, like better aim or moving faster. Strongerfastermorealive. With lasers."
,Recommended,268870,17872999,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Crowntail,"May be the first single-player game, which i wanted to buy and play.If you like the mood of Blade Runner movie, ""Syndicate"" game by the Bullfrog, if you like cyber aestethics, i think you gonna love this game. No rush/ cool style/ very cool mood, and intresting idea. Congrats and my big thanks to developers, who made this game."
76561198089359820,Recommended,268870,17980223,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,jkacala127,"FInal Verdict-Finished game. PLUS THE ONE MAJOR FLAWProbably a lot of people bought the game because it reminds them on syndicate, and it truly gives off that feeling.It's a great game, let's get that out of the way. Sure the pathfinding at first is a pain, but after a few hours you will understand it. The game does lack a story line, but like most cyber punk stories, big biz runs things so you can fill in the gaps.The game has an awsome idea, you have four clones who each have a role. A soilder, support, hacker, and infiltrator which I'll get into detail about the roles at the end of this. Your hacker can hijack people who have better stats and send them back to be cloned, so you can switch into their bodies...Or you can form a little army and make them follow you and fight with you.Game play is what it's all about. This is where it may lose some people. You are tough but the baddies are as well, it's like not like you can have 2 hold a choke point,  while two other clones go ahead because you will get beat down.  There is very little out flanking moments because generally it feels like you all have to aim at the same baddie at once. Plus since it's point and click as well as a far number of keyboard commands which are a mess because the button (G) stands for your bombs, but more than one clone might have bombs.It's possible to do flaking when you have a small little army with you, but everyone you hijack is labled as number 5 in response to keyboard button control. You can go into a combat zone and say this is group one and group two because if you hit ""1"" or ""2"" it will just select one of your clones.So in other words, your fighting in a cluster.I'm not sure if this is meant to be like this, but I don't think it is due to the roles of your clones. Your support clone even can slow down time to get people to a different location but your energy level goes down really fast. Which is anothe flaw with the game, even running takes away your energy fast, faster than any ability.In the end I really enjoyed it stil, I hope there is a DLC.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Roles of your ClonesSolider: No heavy weapon penality-though they don't come in till mid-to late game. He has a few abilities where he can take or give more damage but the energy depeletes so fast you bearly will use it.  He can hardwire generators and turn gas pipes.Support. Basically your healer but he can scan for targets and read peoples stats. Other than that he is just sort of there as another gun.Hacker: Probably your most usable character. He can hijack soilders and people to either fight with you or send them back to clone. Of course he can shut down systems and take control over doors. He also has drones. Much of the time he will be running around hijacking people.infiltrator: Sort of like your theif/sniper. The clone can clock which doesn't last long, and the sword ability can kill with one thrust, yet again you run into recharge time and energy issues. They can also sneak into places, which you can augment your other players to do so as well.Since there is a gizmo called a hacker proxy, basically this clone becomes important because the clone doesn't have to equip the stealth generator and your hacker generally has almost no energy because he is controlling hijack soilders. They can sneak in and turn off cameras.The sniper riffle is powerful but very slow, you don't have to use it, there are only two sniper rifles in the whole game, but using it does give you some special abilities"
,Recommended,268870,17802188,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Crob4r,"Amazing game, really feels like what Syndicate Wars would be like if it was released now!"
76561198039087577,Recommended,268870,25833404,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TeRRiBLeTeZZa,"A direct homage to syndicate/syndicate wars, lots of fun."
,Recommended,268870,14151616,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Telarius,"Being a long-time fan of cyberpunk games like Shadowrun & Syndicate, Satellite Reign immediately caught my attention.  Though I have not had much time to delve deeply into the game, I have not been disappointed.  Though it would be nice to eventually see features like procedural maps, I am eager to see how this game evolves."
76561197981630136,Recommended,268870,14967902,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Sodium Chloridah,"This game is going to be a modern classic for the more hardcore-minded PC gamer crowd.  I can tell just by the design so far.Right now, the game is not near anywhere done. But you can already tell its going to be a winner.I'm probably not going to put more than 5 hours in until beta, because there is a long road ahead. But just with this design (total throwback to days before the conventions of genre were not universal like they are now) and the cyberpunk esthetic (looks great) and off-the-rails freedom this game allows, and ... well let's just say its going to be a lot of fun.For those who aren't super-old and familiar with the originals:   top down view. Real time tactical gameplay. Four [set] character types on your team you control.  Non-linear gameplay (you have your choice of missions in large city map). Guns. Research. Murder, hacking & corporations. What could go wrong?Put this on your wishlist and buy it next sale, you won't be disappointed if you like the look of the screenshots or videos, you'll like this game."
76561198006994822,Recommended,268870,18043941,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Kylib,"Good game, it still has alot of graphically issuses and to many heavy weapons for one charcter, needs more weapons for the others. Played the game all the way to the end, went to quick so pace yourself's, hopefully in the next few patches this can be resolved :)))"
76561197969693377,Recommended,268870,17797762,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,syrinax,"Awesome game so far, I wouldn't mind a pause button to help give commands but otherwise I'm really enjoying the steam punk-futuristic/syndicate feel. It looks beautiful and some good easter eggs."
,Recommended,268870,17624024,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Hsingh,"This is fun, play it if you like games like fallout, shadowrun, syndicate and  etc.."
,Recommended,268870,17794680,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,nohalmil,Why haven't I heard about this game before release date? I'm loving it.Some minor bugs so far. I hope they get fixed.Gotta love the atmosphere of the game.As it is 8/10. I hope the devs keep releasing updates.
76561197991970312,Recommended,268870,17730032,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,p_n85,"One of the best games I've ever played on PC. I'm a big fan of other RTS-games, especially XCOM-EW. This is a game among few for me that makes time fly, seriously addicting! It's a little bit hard to get a hold of all technical stuff and the terminology, but when you get into it, the game is AWESOME! I reckon the replayability is quite high since you get a hang of it pretty much after about 50% of the game. It becomes somewhat easy when you level up your characters (most recent missions I've been able to use stealth with the soldier and infiltrator and clear one mission every 10 minutes). I've been playing this in version 0.93 so there are some bugs, but not many at all (even though NPC:s getting stuck after about 30 minutes into a mission makes you tear your hair..).I give this game 8,5/10"
76561198004776342,Recommended,268870,17768115,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,tampanensis,"Just bought it yesterday and 7,5 hrs on one day!  I loved syndicate and this game gives the similar flavour.  Finding new weapons , recruiting new agents,a big mega city with all kinds of corps and cops are always on you. I am just in the first city zone and I hope there are more zones than 3.  Its not fair to compare may be but there were more guns and equipment in syndicate.  But I am in the first zone and hope to see much more equipment and destruction in the coming zones.A small flaw, I couldnt use vechiles( may its me) and collision with cars doesnt give damage. Sometimes AI is acting weird especially enemy doesnt see you despite you are in front of them. but it doesnt happen oftern and most of the time you will spend your time escaping from guards.If you like cyberpunk buy it, if you liked syndicate definately buy it. 8/10"
76561198012610173,Recommended,268870,17762666,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Genoscythe,"Satellite reign puts you on charge of 4 agents that have to fulfill missions in order to gain authority and climb the enterprise ladder. You can either choose to shoot your way through or hack and sneak your way to the objective.This game could have been a really good one, but it only will get a 7/10 from me for some things it just does horrible and that could have been done way better easily.Pros:- More or less open world to explore and seek missions- Different classes that can be tailored toward your needs- Good looking world design and graphics- actually challenging- you always have the choice of playstyleCons:- Repetitive after a while. The missions are always the same: get into base X, sometimes get NPC X and escort him, but nothing really interesting.- Horrible menus and map design, all characters, map and loadout are put into one menu you have to click your way through- Abilities are really the boring standard cyberpunk arsenal, nothing that is even remotely interesting or new (hacking, drones, for hacker class, tank ability and berserk mode for soldier, field heal and squad buffs for support, melee and cloak for infiltrator)- Cannot save when you actually need it, no quicksave (in enemy tarrain not even out of combat)- Unclear what actions award what quantities of EXP, many things are not well enough explainedI can recommend this game, however it would have been nice if more interesting stuff would be added and the menus need a clear rework. Apart from that I had fun with the game and it kept me interested, I can say I do not regret buying it and it is worth its money.I will update this review as additions or patches will get released."
76561198005371649,Recommended,268870,17643654,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,GIStella,"True to the original Syndicate with so much more. It really is like playing in a sandbox of Bladerunner.The Good:-Customisation - augments, gear, weapons, cloning and many skills for each different agentResearch - so much to capture and reverse engineer for your own useThe town - so many facilities and different ways to breach each of them from sneaking in to loading up, knocking out the cameras at their front door and blasting away until they stop coming.Enemies - so many different ones, including an ED-209 look alike I blundered into...team wipe and respawnCloning - Hijacking enemy soldiers that have good stats and cloning them for your own useGuns - lots of them and mini-guns too...The Bad:-AI could be better, the enemy doesnt seem that intelligent when trying to flank your position, they just try to run straight past and get mowed downAt some point I will run out of content (25hours so far and have done Downtown + industrial maps). I just hope it doesnt happen too soon (X-COM enemy unknown I'm looking at you!)."
76561197976312757,Recommended,268870,18041650,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Destyre,"I played a lot of Syndicate and Syndicate Wars when I was younger and they were the best games I had ever played. Satellite Reign is a worthy successor to the first game.It takes the idea of the original Syndicate and expands upon it. Instead of 4 identical agents, they have roles: Soldier, for carrying the big guns, mitigating damage and ""hardwiring"", Support for healing, buffing and debuffing, Hacker for, well, hacking, and Infiltrator for getting silent kills or getting into restricted areas without being seen.It's fully open world, unlike Syndicate which had separate maps, this game takes place in one large city with different sectors. All research and equipping is done on the fly. The real joy with this is that you can be walking down the street and come across a restricted area. You can look at the facility from the outside, maybe using your support to scan for more information, then plan your way in. Do you go in guns blazing or sneak in, grab the loot and sneak out? It's entirely up to you and either way can be extremely satisfying. In many places they may look intimidating and dangerous at first, but should you study them enough, you can usually find a very easy way to get in and out. I love that.I won't lie, it took me a bit to get used to it and get into it but now I'm hooked. At the time of writing this I'm about 27 hours into the game and it looks like there is still plenty to do.Problems: The AI pathing is atrocious. The amount of times I've lost agents or♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off enemy corps because the ai decided to take a short cut through barriers of poison gas or to glitch themselves into a restricted area...Another small problem is that, now I've had so much time in the game, I can really exploit the mechanics of the game. I know how it will react when I do something and it's just starting to feel very easy now. Maybe that's down to the power of my fully augmented and equipped agents somewhat too. It's still a lot of fun though.This game is great, despite some really dodgy AI and pathing. I would have liked to have more customising on the agents, but you can't have it all. Not only is this game good, it's also precious. There are far too few books/movies/games with cyberpunk themes nowadays, and this game does a great job of keeping that amazing genre alive."
,Recommended,268870,13333905,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,smartbombradio,"Very similar to the Syndicate games so far (as intended) but with some interesting additions/new mechanics. I bought in, excited to see where they take this one."
76561198023273256,Recommended,268870,13963748,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kali76,Good successor for the original Syndicate. Looking forward to more content!
76561197982444786,Recommended,268870,24327622,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Rage Whale,"Almost everything I wanted in the game. Unique skills trees, more indept agent gear then Xcom and Xcom 2 by far.Cover system is kinda wonky. Needs some lovin."
76561198037957278,Recommended,268870,24320327,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Skyfall,"Loved this GAME! I'm huge fan of Shadowrun, but this was ever better.Game give you lots of options for solving problems:If your breaking into a facility and there are cameras you can solve this in a variety of ways; sneak around them, cut the power, hack in and put them on a loop, or just shoot them with your gun. This is just one of many examples of how the game lets you change the way you approach different missions. You can post a sniper and clear the area or just detonate the door and go in guns blazing. Or maybe hack the brains of the enemy soldier so they start fighting each other as a distraction, or have them join you and start building an army to clear the place out with (I always found that to be the slowest method since reinforcements are endless).There is a lot of mission variety too. Stealing: prototypes, information, money. Rescue. Assainate. Sneak in a spy. Hack in to their network. Even as you approach the mission you can take the bruteforce method or gather intel: pay off a disgruntled employee or do a few favor for them to make the job easier."
76561198072449372,Recommended,268870,17757197,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Warham,Very impressive. Really enjoying it thus far. Well done 5 lives.
76561197970376078,Recommended,268870,17819158,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,T3 I_SaTaN_vel_I666I,Game sucked......me in for almost 20 hours - straight. I love it so far!
76561197971418388,Recommended,268870,17838061,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Xphero,"Great game, hooked me from the first minute.Some things, like hardwiring, can be better explained, but that's nothing that kills the fun or can't be found in a forum or wiki.Very much worth bying!"
76561198324399235,Recommended,268870,28532529,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Havoc,"A nostalgic revisitation of the venerable Syndicate, being a tactical action game in a Cyberpunk setting with a retro style. You can feel the effort put into it by developers through the recreation of a number of qualities, such as a beautiful city, research of augmentations and weaponry, and character classes as well, but game falls short on a list of issues. Mainly, gameplay feels a bit repetitive as quests are basically very similar; the scenario is always the same city, and I haven't a found a single building in which you could enter; there are few characters that aren't well developed through the gameplay, lacking a more atmospheric background, not to mention AI issues.It is a good game, but even a bit more polishing would have greatly improved its overall quality, and as well some more structural development."
76561198006915830,Not Recommended,268870,17806739,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ary,"Would've been better if they made it a turn based stealth shooter.Bad pathfinding, wierd AI,glitchy gameplay and unclear behaviour turns what could've been a great game into a frustrating and bad squadshooter where strategy is wasted.just get the heavyest gear and shoot your way through works in 70% of the time ( wich is a lot more that if you tried to sneak through)It's sad because this game has so much potential"
76561198059928469,Not Recommended,268870,17816280,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,RedWagon,"Very bland gameplay ( no voice acting , no real purpose or urgency  to any mission )The TINIEST text , almost unable to read. Not what I had expected at all.Huge fan of the original , not sure what this is. Seems unfinished somehow.No antognist or protagonist, just bots being clicked . A vague idea of something corporate  going on.My immediate unease with the first hour of this is what made me seek a refund.I was'nt willing to take that chance that ""it might get good"" after 10 hrs.I'll keep an eye on this to see if any further work is put into this title.Expected X-com/Zomboid/Baldursgate etc I think.But its even missing something that was somehow captured onthe Sega I used to play it on.Also, you call that a tutorial?"
,Recommended,268870,17764682,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Hobo Zero,"Syndicate Wars meets Commandos, it's everything I wanted in a spiritual remake."
76561198007987235,Not Recommended,268870,20513600,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,intorpere,"I don't know what ""Syndicate"" is, I just liked the look of the this game, the reviews were good, and it was on sale.. well, after half an hour, I'm just bored.  Pretty game, but seems incredibly dull.  Go here, click on this, go over there, click on that.. What's the point of an open world, that only gives you one thing to do at a time?  I'm obviously missing something, like the nostalgia element for an 90s game I never played, but whatever."
76561197983228156,Recommended,268870,24399838,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Mr.SUX,Short: Buy it if you like real-time rpg tactic.
76561197961927926,Recommended,268870,17822840,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,voxtel,"Sorry guys. I'm yet another Syndicate fan, crazy-biased in favor of this gem.It feels like the original Syndicate through-and-through. The amount of customization, research and complexity is just right. The game has definitely evolved from the original clumsy controls and hard-to-keep-up-with action. So far every compound I had to infiltrate posed a unique challenge, forcing me to use wide variety of tactics, quiet and loud.I was hoping in the future updates to have slightly greater aesthetic impact of various augmentations and weapon mods on the actual model of the character. Knowing Unity, I don't think it's that hard.So at this point do we consider Bullfrog back in action? Or are we calling it Bullyfrog now?"
,Recommended,268870,24005196,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,LlamaFarmer,Awesome setting. Fun game. Excited for the co-op beta.
,Not Recommended,268870,30256979,Posted: 1 March,all,bitmapkid,"The game is great, but these two aspects were deal breakers for me:Enemy level scaling.Break into a complex, steal some prototypes, get out, equip the prototypes and get back into the same complex, and the guards will have magically been upgraded. To me it breaks the open world feeling because whatever you do, you can't get an edge on the enemy.Your agents won't auto-attack.I don't like having to micro-manage my agents for every single kill they do. This makes open firefights so tedious that I ended up relying mostly on stealth even though my agents were not built for it initially."
,Recommended,268870,17763295,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,HAIL SATAN,"This is a total gem of a game. It is very similar to the old Syndicate games, but definitely updated and full of its own charm. If you're into a crazy sprawling dystopian cyberpunk game this is the thing for you."
76561198122439527,Not Recommended,268870,24337535,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Gobby,"Way overpriced. The U.I. is terrible, and because you have to control four characters in real-time, you'll spend the whole game struggling with it. Combat system is needlessly obscured by countless different statistics, even though it's all sit back and watch style. Most of the mechanics are needlessly clunky and useless in actual play. Has a long and drawn out tutorial, for no other apparant reason than to keep you from refunding the game. Don't spend more than 10 bucks on it, please."
,Not Recommended,268870,24362306,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Pandara,"The multiplayer seems to be region-locked, which ruins the purpose of my purchase :(Edit: The game looks great and I will play it and update my review if they manage to make the multiplayer cross-region."
,Not Recommended,268870,17788081,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,N A K Y,"Don't know what to say here; I've played this for a few hours and encountered nothing but annoying bug after irritating glitch. I've lost at least an hour to autosaves that didn't actually save, being forced to reload half way through a successful stealth through a compound because a drone glitched out on a set of stairs that happened to be the only way to continue through the level, AI that can 'wall-hack' and spot you half way across the map behind cover for no apparent reason, etc, etc. For every two steps forward I made, the game forced me to take one step back because of the lack of polish. I could forgive it if it was me making the mistakes but in almost every case it wasn't.Combat is boring and ridiculously simplistic. Don't expect the AI to do anything more than stand in the open and spray bullets at you until people start dying. There's no skill, tactics, or strategy required here and it's pretty disappointing.Some mechanics simply don't make sense at all. You need a skill to use a zipline? Seriously? I've got a belt and two hands that will let me use any zipline I ever wanna use. Who thought this was a clever idea?The tutorial in some parts just flat out forget to mention some game mechanics - to warn others, when the game teaches you how to hijack people, your target's under a camera. Thanks for letting us know that cameras can somehow see a person getting hijacked! Then shoving the console for turning them off half way across the map. Wait, the guy that needs to hack the console is also the guy that needs to hijack the person? Aye yai yai.This game has potential but it needs quite a bit more work. Based off the experience I've had with it so far, I simply can't recommend it to others at this time.Edit: So after several patches, I decided to come back to this game and see if it's any better. I've made it to the final area of the game and completed most of the missions in the game in all the prior districts. So reading this, you must think, it's a lot better now, right? No. I'm not going to bother finishing this game. My characters are more powerful, they have great gear and I'm quite used to the game play and all the glitches that can and will happen throughout a mission but that doesn't mean this has been much of a fun experience. It's the little glitches and jank that add up.For example, I missed out on the entering CBD peacefully achievement after going through the giant mess to get the cards you need to enter because when my guys went into the second scanning room, the entering door closed first instead of the exit door and blocked three of my four guys from going inside the room. So what did the AI do? It decided to go around the door and right into the restricted zone where everything turns hostile the moment you go into it. I had no control over this, it happened within a second. Great. Thanks, a little bug/oversight and all that hard work gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ I suppose I could have reloaded a save but you know what? I'm tired of doing that. I had to do that constantly just to play this game to deal with all its little problems and issues and it was the final straw. I could give example after example after example of all the little problems like that but it doesn't matter.The devil is in the details and it's a measure of the quality of the game. This game is rife with small issues galore and it's massively disappointing. So 20 hours in and a few hours away from finishing the game, I give up and wave the white flag. And to think that instead of fixing up their game they're adding co-op to it to further compound the amount of stuff that could go wrong. Yikes."
76561198029579791,Not Recommended,268870,30914512,Posted: 2 April,all,Siegfoult,"I really wanted to like this game but there were a few design choices that made it frustrating to play.+ Nice cyberpunk art style.+ Variety of weapons and powers to aquire.+ Earn money over time by hacking ATMs, so no grinding for currency.- Focus on stealth, but no option to save scum.- Team is always Soldier/Support/Hacker/Infilitrator, no changing this, limits team compositions.- AI have long, complicated patrol routes, makes sneaking hard.- High enemy health (shields and armor) limit options for sneak attacks.- Alarms can create infinite enemies.- Hacked doors reset after a time, often blocking escape if stealth fails.- Complicated controls, e.g. assign group selection to F-keys needs to be redone each time the game loads or the team dies.- Little penalty for dying, so the game seems to intend for it to happen a lot, but that doesn't make it less annoying.- Missions are mostly flavor text, little-to-no voice acting.- Real-time combat + lots of abilities + four team mates + no tactical pause = micromanagement hell.- Cannot turn camera, makes it hard to view some locations.I played for a few hours, then reached a mission where I spent 15 minutes sneaking in, only to make a mistake and my team gets killed.  OK, no matter, I'll try going in from the other side.  30 minutes later, after 2 emergancy retreats and dozens of masterful assassinations, a freshly spawned guard spots my team running behind some dumpsters, fires of a few shots, and seconds later two dozen armored guards have us pinned down and we got slaughtered again.  That was when I rage quit.Honestly, save scumming would have redeemed this game for me, but I'm rather a stealth perfectionist."
76561198014832940,Recommended,268870,28796024,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mr. Orange™,"This game is the spiritual successor to a game that I used to play on the commodore Amiga. That game was Syndicate, by Bullfrog. Basically, you control 4 agents with distinct specialties and make them work together to do missions in a futuristic city, in the style of Blade Runner. You can split up the agents, or keep them grouped together.  One agent can hotwire the doors to get the other agents into a facility, one can take control of robotic equipment.  One uses a cloaking device and can sneak around. One can slow down time so your team can move faster in battle. It's a run and gun or stealth action game, depending on the missions you do.  Your agents get upgrades in equipment and weaponry, and you unlock different sections of the city as you move through the story.  I am not quite finished with the game yet, but am finding this game very entertaining, and from a game developer's standpoint, a very impressive example of the Unity Game Engine. Not one crash yet, and I am many hours in. I would definitely recommend for people who like 3/4 view action RPGs."
76561198013515636,Recommended,268870,17963872,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Dashing Rogue,"My support soldier, sexy cyberpunk fighter lady, recieved the random name ""Beretta Vendetta"" Its a good fun game. buy it. you know you want to."
76561197961015780,Recommended,268870,17970803,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Sutr,I love this game reminds me of syndicate.
76561197971415380,Recommended,268870,17970843,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,HEXEN,"This is definitely a worthy spiritual successor to Syndicate Wars. The cyberpunk setting and art are beautifully presented and the squad based action gameplay is solid. Running amok in a dystopian future run by greedy megacorporations, dishing out countless violent deaths with an arsenal of weapons at the hands of my cybernetically altered agents, while carving out my own place in this world..what more could you want from a game. I would have preferred a classless game with agents totally customizable (including an option to wear the classic trenchcoats from Syndicate) instead of the specific agent designs. Another thing I noticed was I quickly acquired plasma weapons, before even getting the prototypes for the ballistic weapons and other gear, which made alot of it seem pointless. Seeing references to Bullfrog in the game was also pretty cool and gave me nostalgic memories from the golden age of PC gaming. A fair priced game worth checking out if you have played the older games, or even if you're a fan of squad based strategy games. Look forward to seeing what 5live do next."
76561197969787737,Recommended,268870,24131681,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DanSpanner,"This is the cyberpunk squad based RTS I've been waiting for- a true heir to the Syndicate Wars throne, with all the throbbing neon and dingy glamour of our not too distant dystopian future. Available on Linux as well!"
76561198068768597,Recommended,268870,24639863,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Nightwish,"SImple short and to the point yes?If you are old school and loved Bullfrog titles then this is a no brainer, its not only as good as Sydicate Wars, it's better. My biggest worry was it would be a short game, HA about 13 hours in at the writing of this and im not even out of the first district. the map look as if there is 3 but since you cant really tell with FOW on im guessing there is more. tons of missions, tons of ways todo them, and the atmosphere is something i have been really missing from current titles man the nostaliga is amazing to me.And agent wise you can ""clone"" anyone in the game, yes anyone, guards, cops, enemy crews, anyone. even your own agents, ugrades are very plentifull and they are all here, cybernetics, armors, guns, silencers, lots and lots of research and prototypes to find.kinda a jumping around review but this is all top of the head and i really just wanted to get it on steam it really deserves one.DEVS - please add more content? dlc's? or maybe another title? really impressed with this game and will be looking out for more content from these guys, really great job overall."
,Recommended,268870,24618292,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,MrWyzurd,"Syndicate Wars reborn, and the closest you'll get to open world coop Shadow Run.This game is amazing, it's everything I wanted and more.  When I was in highschool I'd play Syndicate Wars with my friends.  We'd plan out intricate hits on corporations, brain wash groups of civilians, and cause tons of cyberpunk mayhem.Satellite Reign is that plus more.  It's a sandboxed world, and at many turns feels like the original Deus Ex but multiplayer coop (which I've always dreamed of).  The classes are unique and balanced, and as your characters grow you go from feeling like you have no power to completely over powered (which is incredibly awesome when you're wiping out a wave of troopers responding to an alarm and blowing up giant turrets).Another interesting component, I picked this up with my friend that played Syndicate Wars back in the day.  Slowly, our other friends that enjoy cyberpunk and Shadow Run, would watch our stream and start buying the game.  We're about 5 people deep now, and each person's game (you can drop in drop out) has a different progression of technology.  In mine, we have fully augmented bodies, in my friends we have high powered machine pistols and plasma rifles.If you liked anyone of these games this is for you: X-Com, Syndicate, Alien Swarm, Shadow Run, basically any tactical game.The only con I've found so far on the game is in the UI department.  But that's been pretty easy to navigate once you understand the nuances."
,Recommended,268870,18005979,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ElThang,"Oh God, they're dead! They're all DEAD! WHAT HAVE I DONE?!?!10/10"
,Recommended,268870,17807103,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,bl4ckh4t,"Well, I purchased this game back in April, just to support the devs. Now that it's released, I decided to go for a full playthrough.EASILY one of the best games I've ever played. Nevermind entirely topping the genre. All four of the character types have very individual skill focuses, but the whole team is needed to complete most of the missions. The ones that don't require everybody are even more fun than they would have been because you get the feeling of rarity in focusing on one or two characters every once in awhile.The enhancement and gear system is AMAZING, giving you the option to give up stat enhancements in order to add extra abilities that the character normally wouldn't have access to. The ""research/prototype"" system is a GREAT balance of risk vs. patience. The missions in each area gradually increase in difficulty and do force the player to think more as the game progresses.This game is by no means perfect, as the visual customisation is very limited for characters, the doors and NPCs will sometimes bug and mess something up, and the player character movement is definitely not flawless. However, this team of devs has worked ASTONISHINGLY hard to fix as much as possible, as quickly as possible, and hasn't skipped a beat with the official release. Truly one of the best dev teams I've ever personally experienced. They deserve so much credit.TL:DR/Final comments: When all is said and done, if you like a game that allows you total freedom to choose how to accomplish things, requires constant teamwork between all of your controlled NPCs, has a fun reward/loot system with LOTS of possibilities, has gorgeous graphics, and will make you think and pay close attention, this game is a MUST have. Also, if you played/loved the original Syndicate, just go ahead and buy it. There's no way you won't appreciate it."
76561198006485764,Recommended,268870,18354423,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,typhusmortum,"Brings me back to the days of both original Syndicate games.  As ""Hex"" Bendixsen put it, ""Yes, this is OOZING with Syndicate nostalgia"".   I don't think anyone could have put it better."
,Recommended,268870,20880971,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,eFire,This is one of the best Fast Action RPG game that I have ever played!
,Recommended,268870,28947112,Posted: 2 January,all,whesちゃん,"it doesn't get better than an Isometric stealth game. Plenty of ways to get ' stuff ' (i.e. breaking into facilities - banks, warehouses, etc.) done. 9/10."
76561198007190315,Recommended,268870,28898323,Posted: 1 January,all,Galilleos,"Open world gameVery good gameplay (with minor UI flaws)Tons of ways to do each infiltration (from 4 squad team blowing everything to sending one cloacked man trough the venting)Immersive environmentGood cyberpunk ambiance (really like shadowrun. You do not have spell, but you have mind control, drones and hacking)The only negative point I found is the lack of scenario and NPC to talk."
76561198004558873,Recommended,268870,26071069,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Crowseph,A single player RTS that rewards you for mastery of its systems and familiarity with the terrain.  A good mix of planning and making things up on the fly.
,Recommended,268870,29065182,Posted: 6 January,all,WIZARD OF RAP,"If you've ever played the card game Android: Netrunner and want a real-time, singleplayer (or co-op) version of it where you play as the runners, here you go.This is not a stealth game like Commandos or Shadow Tactics, if you try to stealth through everything you're going to get frustrated. This is a game about staying hidden until the right moment and getting your squad into position before taking out the generator with a grenade from your cloaked infiltrator so that your soldier and support can zipline in from a nearby rooftop while the cameras are down and security is tied up at the generator, then hacking into the commander's mind and opening fire on his minions while your soldier lays down a hail of plasma and your support unleashes nanobots to heal and the distraction ties up the garrison long enough for your hacker to steal the important files AND for your infiltrator to hit the bank vault and walk out with a money sack.And it's good at that."
,Recommended,268870,27565455,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grimthor,"An excellent cyberpunk action strategy game that is worthy of being reffered to as the spiritual successor to the Syndicate series. The visuals are stunning and the gameplay engaging and fluid, coupled with a great little storyline and intense atmosphere makes for one of the best games I've played in this genre. My only complaint is that I wish it was longer though maybe modding can help that.Here's hoping for a sequel to what could be the start of a great series."
76561197967559164,Recommended,268870,25644551,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,vacantmind,"This game is good, but multiplayer makes it great."
76561198026019992,Recommended,268870,17864881,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Professor_Esoteric,"This a fantastic game.Balancing strategy, timing and going ham/balls to the wall.It offers mutliple ways to succeed in any mission depending on how you are choosing to play. This flexibility isn't just limited to how to how you skill your team but can be changed between missons by switching equipped Augemntations and Gear. Something that has left me very satisfied when I had to run away from some seriously heavy firefights and came back with my heavy hitting Augments.It is simple and addictive.I would write more but I have to go inflitrate a top security facilityto get me some bigger guns."
,Recommended,268870,19961845,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Muzack,"I spent the first hour stumbling around, confused by the game world, fighting the slightly clunky (Unity 5) interface, and remapping all the keybinds.  ""Pah!"", I thought, ""I guess this game's not for me!""But then I found that couldn't stop thinking about the game for the next couple days; the immersive game world, deep character customization, and heart-racing heists had drawn me in.  After another hour or two of figuring out what I was doing, I really started to love the game.  Highly, HIGHLY recommended.P.S.: If you like cyberpunk and RPGs, don't be put off by the fact that it's in real time!  You get the ability to slow down time considerably, and while you may fail miserably and get your entire team killed early on, the consequences of death are rather minimal.  You'll get better!"
,Recommended,268870,20057319,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Chronic Logic,"It's a good game overall except for a few cringing details.If you are looking for an immersive cyberpunk RPG, look somewhere else. This is pretty much an action(and/or)stealth game. Your main task is simply to gear up. Literally every time you come into a new zone a voice tells you ""ok we got no leads, so gear up in the meantime"". Your characters don't have names but functions: ""Soldier"", ""Hacker"", ""Support"", and ""Infiltrator"". You can clone NPC's and assign them as a characters avatar, making it hard to feel anything towards someone stripped of all individuality. I ended up giving remote hack to my Infiltrator and did most of the zones just using him. There are 4 zones in total and they all have the same opposing faction buildings so the content gets old fast.However the layout is pretty and different and that's where the game shines. Honestly, I didn't like the game at first, but a few hours in (once i got familiar with controls and options) I found myself scheming, silently assasinating patrols and anticipating AI movements (AI is poor at times, but can also be challenging) with a giddy smile. If things get hairy and you brought in the whole team, you can outmaneuver and/or overpower the enemy. Otherwise watch your agent dash desperately towards a vent or a door and hope they get there before the bullets get to you. Good music; travel is usually not a hastle, most of the terrain is destructible.Overall the gameplay is pretty fun once you get into it. The game is worth the discount, but i would advise against the full price."
76561198000844816,Recommended,268870,13382385,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Jodes,Past the first objective. Had a few bugs to start but things seem to be better. Shows a lot of promise. Hope they allow char editing to the full like the previous games. Prob not worth as much as they are asking for it right now thou
76561198008462593,Recommended,268870,15027956,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,.v.,"A very good game with lots of potential, but it has many bugs. Manage to finish the available missions, but after trying many times.The final version is going to be perfect for those of you who played syndicate (1993) from one of the best game companies in the world, Bullfrog."
76561198127887569,Recommended,268870,14490536,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,impactict81,"Only about 4 hours into the game, and it's awesome!  It really captures the atmosphere that the orignal game had.  The mechanics, while not prefected yet, work very well  So far, it plays great for what it is.  I look foward to updates and official release!"
,Recommended,268870,18229110,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Aiiiiieeeeee,"Great real time tactical game. Everyone online seems to be comparing it to Bullfrog's all-time classic ""Syndicate"". Is it Syndicate? No. Does it nail the feel? Completely. Besides have you tried playing the original Syndicate in the last 15 or so years? This game completely plays ""like how I remember Syndicate played"". They nailed the cyberpunk atmosphere and it draws you in quickly.There are the occasional bugs (mainly with collision checks) which at times can be showstoppers and require reloading from a save but thankfully they're relatively few and far between. For the most part, the game is well polished and runs well with detail turned all the way up. The devs also did an amazing job of balancing the game. You -can- go full-out assault... but its rarely the wisest choice. People who like to spend the time to analyze approaches will be rewarded.Definitely don't miss this game."
,Recommended,268870,31196387,Posted: 17 April,all,MacroEido,"​Lets start with my biases; I've played both Syndicate and Syndicate Wars, and have also played similarly themed games like System Shock 1 and 2 as well as similarly styled games like jagged alliance, XCOM and Xenonauts.What it isIt is a cyberpunk themed, top down, open world, squad based, real time, tactical shooter with RPG elements. It is not turn based and for the most it is not pauseable (however there are character skills that can emulate pausing or slowing down the action). This is probably the biggest change for players who are used to the slower pacing of turn based games like XCom and is probably the biggest gripe from people who try to pick it up, so much so that it makes you wonder how the game would have turned out if they had taken the turn based approach (or even real time exploration, turn based combat like fallout 1 and 2). In this way it plays a bit more like a Hero style RTS.Initial ImpressionsYou're pretty weak at the start, and have very few abilities and upgrades, so the result of my first firefight was a total party wipeout which, while a bit frustrating, goes to show that while it is a real-time game you need to approach each encounter and situation with some tactics and planning. This is partly because the enemies you face are, in many ways, equally tough and similarly equpped leading to less player/AI asymmetry than most games resulting in situations where if you get outnumbered you'll die.What I learnedIn essence, you play each mission on a knife edge, delicately managing stealth and minor skirmishes as you progress through a hostile location, trying not to ""awaken the tiger"" and create an escalating alert with an increasing and overwhelming enemy response.The game does have a reasonably steep learning curve, and it keeps throwing new gear, augmentations and skills at you resulting in a steady progression of new tactics to learn and integrate. By the end game you'll have a tough, adaptable team with a wide variety of offensive, defensive, diversionary and stealth skills providing an extensive toolkit to deal with the different location, environmental and enemy type situations.The RPG elements align roughly in this way; Stat progression is mainly a combination of clones (base stats) and augmentations (enhancements), Durability is a combination of shields, armour and health, Gear and Skills overlap a bit by providing a mix of enhancements to Stats and Durability as well as the RPG style Abilities or ""Spells"". Weapons play a less pronounced role in itemisation compared to most games of its type and mainly provide a scissors/paper/rock element against shields/armor/organic opponents. i.e. plasma weapons defeat body armor, laser weapons defeat shields, etc.But is it fun?Certainly, one of the most fun parts is how often your well laid strategic plan on how to tackle an enemy base can very quickly fall apart and descend into frenetic chaos. You're now making choices like which party member to revive, or even abandon on the field as you try to force a retreat *through* an overpowering enemy that has suddenly surrounded you. While it can be very frustrating to experience a total party wipe it goes to highlight the ""knife edge"" nature of the game I mentioned earlier.On the other side, there's nothing like the rush of salvaging a &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan"" situation; suddenly getting detected, having the base on full alert, getting surrounded and overwhelmed, but somehow managing to scrape up your fallen team, manouver them out of the killzone in a retreating skirmish, then find a place to patch yourself up then re-enter the killzone back in control of the situation.The open world and variable nature of the game along with the randomisation of enemy types and placements can lead to situations where you get wiped in your first attempt only to walk through it in your second which means the game focuses more on your ability to adapt to rapidly changing situations rather than to have a well thought out plan going in.Sometimes I wish there was more to do as you wandered around the city, more opportunities to interact with the locals, more side quests, more story and more background. The main plot is pretty straightforward and a lot more could have been done to develop the lore and flesh out the factions and make it more engaging. I know I'm fighting Eternals, but who are they, what do they believe and how does that fit into the Satellite Reign universe.Finally, the story has elements of the grand, but plays more as a straight ""level up and kill the boss"" type game. While some people don't care for the back story, they could have done a lot more to flesh it out.Would I recommend it?Yes, absolutely. It has also recently delivered on its kickstarter promise and released co-op gameplay.If you're really into the tactical turn based games, like XCom, etc. you might find the change of pace to a real time tactical shooter a bit too frenetic. But if you're willing to step outside your comfort zone and embrace the real time mayhem, you'll find an excellent game."
,Recommended,268870,21103081,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Delushin,"What an epic game ... I mean I have had more fun with this for $10 than other titles I paid upward of $60 for, this shows me there is still hope in getting back to the days where you would get an Amiga demo disk or game and actually really enjoy the title.These are the types of titles that need more publicity.Fantastic!Dont stop making more and getting better and better ... excellent work all invloved."
,Recommended,268870,22158189,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Iridium,"I doubt there are too many reviews of SR out there that dont, at some point, reference the classic game The Syndicate, so there, I'm getting it out of the way early. A lot of the play is along those lines, except in a persistent, semi-open world environment. And that's a good thing! It takes that old atmosphere and modernizes it very well, while adding in a somewhat more freeform gameplay style. The ability to affect the environment (cameras, doors, etc) definitely adds a lot of interesting possibilities to a given run.So if pointy-clicky strategy games or strong cyberpunk environments are your jam, I recommend it.That's not to say it's perfect. I'd definitely have to say that it gets repetetive after a while. I also wish the story was much more fleshed out. There's a lot of potential for storytelling here, but even with the included novella it seems somewhat thin. And as a consequence of that, now and then I found myself getting into that mentality of ""wait, why am I doing this mission again? Does this one matter or is it just for resources?""Still, I definitely enjoy it. And although I didn't get it on it back when it was a Kickstarter, I'd hold it up as a success for crowdfunding in general."
,Not Recommended,268870,17006772,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"My previous review was positive.Having played the game past the tutorial, I'd say think twice before buying this. It's finicky, repetitive (even very early on) and you'll be repeating missions until everything lines up correctly (i.e. by chance) There's very few ways to do missions and the loading times are very long.So enjoy that. The controls are also poor, as is pathfinding. My agents have been stuck inside buildings and walls several times which leads to reloading again. And don't forget - you can't save inside a mission, so you're right back at the start. How ♥♥♥♥ing wonderful is that? I bet you want to punch the idiot developer that made that decision right? I sure do.♥♥♥♥♥ on the corpse of the old syndicate, but slightly less so that the other remakes.It's also very buggy. Agents get stuck inside buildings, disobey your orders and if left alone, will just comply with arrest orders (even if you've told them to run away beforehand, you'll have to do so again). This in a game without pausing and being able to give orders.So yeah, do you want to deal with all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t?"
,Recommended,268870,20189658,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Durch,I love this game.
76561198011652553,Recommended,268870,20285005,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,L E G I T,"Great game, I've been looking for something like this for a long while. Think Syndicate vs X-COM, real time, fast paced action. Lot's of little missions and great story overall, not to forget about the great soundtrack. Great vibe and gameplay."
,Recommended,268870,26847948,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ifthisthenthat,Solid throwback to the likes of Syndicate and Syndicate Wars.
76561198011484192,Recommended,268870,17892389,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,[SF] Jaydo,"Pros: almost everything.Have not quite reached the end yet, but so far this has been a deep game with many systems and features, an open world, multiple ways to approach a problem, good writing, good cyberpunk graphics and sound design, and good value for money.Cons: There are two big cons. The first is the AI, specificlally the AI pathfinding. It can get infuriating when your team gets stuck on geometry when you only have a one second window to move them into cover. An enemy team can also get stuck near an entrance you need to access. A shame really.The other big problem is that the game gets repetitive after a while. There are 4 sectors to unlock and by the time I was nearing the end of the 2nd one I was more or less done with the gameplay. You break into the base, you sneak around and you get out. Rinse, repeat.Still a pretty good game though, at least until you get tired of it."
,Recommended,268870,22846885,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TBBle,"This game is horrifically mis-advertised. I had to get all the way to the second sentence, and see ""command a group of 4 agents"", before I realised that this game was going to scratch my Syndicate itch in ways I cannot legally describe without an age verification check. They need to find a way to slip the word Syndicate into the description, without falling foul of EA's lawyers...The only way this year can get any better for remakes is if someone rebooted System Shock. *hint hint*Of course, if you are not familiar with Bullfrog's Syndicate (not the first-person shooter), then the other reviews will probably be more useful.If you are a fan of Bullfrog's Syndicate, I still recommend reading more reviews of the game. It's fascinating watching people try to describe the game without saying ""love-letter to Syndicate"". I think ""Cyberpunk open-world Dawn of War II"" is my favourite, but ""Magic-less Shadowrun [Returns] with less-defined missions"" has a certain charm, like describing Pride and Prejudice as ""Bridget Jones's Diary but as a period-piece""."
,Recommended,268870,13724440,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rumblefish,"Awesome, as long as buyers keep in mind...THIS IS A PRE-ALPHA DEMO! IF YOU BUY IT, YOU ARE SUPPORTING THE FUTURE PRODUCT! *DO NOT* buy if you are expecting to add a new game to your library, becasue we probably won't see the final version for a long time. I'm not sure when release is projected, but based on their progress so far I wouldn't expect to see it for another 6-12 months.Based on what I've seen, I can't wait to see the final version. While 5 Lives Studios has a lot of work to accomplish before release, they are clearly on the right track.While some may bring preconceptions to this game--many want or expect it to be a modern version of Syndiacte Wars--I recommend accepting it for what it is: the modern era's first cyberpunk RTS game.So if you want to see this game improve, buy it now, play the demo, and give the devs the chance to put your money to good use."
76561197970339208,Recommended,268870,13645337,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheNeil,"I'm reviewing the Early Access version of this game, and whilst it certainly still has a long way to go before it is completed, this shows a really solid design, which holds true to the foundations of Syndicate & Syndicate Wars whilst also bringing much greater depth and flexibility to the gameplay.The developers have been rapidly releasing new versions to improve the EA experience, and it is clear that they are a dedkcated group who are truly devoted to making this game as good as they can."
76561197983005618,Recommended,268870,13788865,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,lars.firin,"Satellite Reign joins the Guild of the Syndicate cyberpunk games. It is not just a game, it is an own concept of art and therefore worth every penny. The graphics are well done and the spirit of Syndicate is caught and so still alive. Sure, it is not ready and therefore an early access game. Keep going on programming and redefine cyberpunk games! I´m very confident in your success. Chapeau bas!  Lars F. (Germany)"
,Recommended,268870,13736114,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,JonnyK,"OMFG FINALLY!!!! I have been waiting forever to see a sequel to the series i loved so much as a kid. Spiritual succesor in EVERY way. Even with the bugs its fun as hell wandering around and exploring the amazing ""DYSTOPIA"". Definite buy for fans of the series and genre. DEFINITE buy for people who love something new in this day an age of gaming. Sometimes something ""old"" can be something incredibly ""new""."
,Recommended,268870,30310735,Posted: 4 March,all,Christeneus,"The modern Syndicate was my grace fullfilled with this totally bodacious game, which I loved, and admittantly the quests are easy, and the games enirely predicable after the first 15 hours, but for its size, the techo value is immense. I raise my third hand to the assasination climaxes of this diabolical dystopia, and there's a series of WOW's for architectural value too I won't far throw than around the Sun."
76561197976812284,Recommended,268870,17874849,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Bootyhunter,"I'll start off by saying, I've never written a review on steam. I feel I need to now because this game is worth it. I met the devs of this game at PAX Australia. First thing I thought of when I saw this game was ""Syndicate"" and thats what I said, and one of the devs game me a very pleasant smile and said ""One of the devs from Syndicate worked on this game"". Now as a 90's PC gamer and a cyberpunk fan, I was sold. I went back home later that day and purchased Early Access to this game. I'll admit there was nothing really to do when I first played it (e.g. no questing/tutorial). Then I logged back into this game a couple of weeks ago. I am impressed. In the 10 months since I spoke to the devs at PAX this game has improved in leaps in bounds. If you have a couple of bucks to spare definately support these guys because this game needs a sequel."
76561197965483144,Not Recommended,268870,28919491,Posted: 1 January,all,flawsome,"The game makes a lot of fun in coop, but there some netcode problems that makes it impossible to play.. lag, disconnect, and corrupt save files are one of them......."
,Recommended,268870,28893373,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,LegACy,"While I did recommend the game, please bear in mind that the game is pretty glitchy: character falling through the floor, character getting stuck in a wall, important NPC not spawning, etc. I encountered all of them in my playthrough. That said, I really enjoy the concept of the game though, so I can bear those stuff just fine.Another thing to note is that I used total stealth on my playthrough, so that may give a different experience than people who just shoot stuff.Anyway, as I've said, I really enjoyed the game. The whole game design seems to be well thought out. The game takes place in a GTA-like open world where you can choose which mission to do first. Afterward you carefully inspect the mission location so you know the best way to tackle the mission. Do you go through the front door? Do you put sniper in a high place? Do you enter the vent and shut down the electricity? Do you sent in an agent via zipline to so he can open a backdoor for the rest of your squad? Each mission/location have a different weak point.And on almost every mission, the map layout seems to be carefully thought to support multiple strategies. If you notice a vent or a zipline, you can be sure that it would lead to a strategic location. If you find a nice, hidden pathway, you can be sure that it would take you closer to the mission goal.The RPG aspect is surprisingly handled pretty well too. In the early game only a specific squad member can use a specific pathway, so you must combine all their power to reach your goal. As the game progress, that pathway can then be used by everyone and you will feel stronger because of that. But even as you get stronger, the game throws more type of obstacle at you so the game never felt too easy. Late in the game maybe your whole squad can turn invisible, but that's not really useful when you need to escort a normal person into a building.The stealth seems to be a bit wonky because you're never sure why guard can suddenly detect you. But all you need to do is play super safely to avoid those guards.All in all, the game totally satisfy me, and I wish to play more of the same game!"
76561198006776144,Recommended,268870,18014871,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,SmokeJaguar,"Outstanding, if occasionally uneven game.  The good:  cyberpunk stealth and occasional direct action.  More importantly, it is just plain fun.  I cannot remember the last time I got up in the morning and went ""Oh, I want to try..."".  The game is deeper than it appears with multiple paths to most solutions.   The bad:  The missions and loot appear to be entirely randomly driven.  This is not a show stopper, but I will say that through some poor luck, I had several missions all ending at the same heavily fortified location.  The answer...go somewhere else in the city for a while.   Don't get stuck thinking you need to clear a district to leave a district.  The other major negative is that your operatives have just enough AI to be stupid in a firefight and will not retreat or move when instructed in some cases.All in all, this is a great game and only getting better."
76561198006755163,Recommended,268870,17621369,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Phlynt,"Saw this at the tail end of browsing before bed, read up on it, most sources said that as it was Early Access there were some bugs, but that the game was more than worth investing in, even taking those bugs into account. I paid, installed, and then forgot about sleep altogether until past sunrise. It fits well with the nostalgia of playing Syndicate, while bringing enough of its own charm to the table.I'd recommend this game to anyone who played Syndicate, wanted to play it, or is simply entranced by the neon lights, music, and bleak environment. Buy it now, buy it at release, buy a copy for you and a friend when it's on sale. Just buy it."
76561198054059831,Recommended,268870,23279588,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,luxaN ✔,"It's a good game but it's too long and drags on, there's 4 areas and generally the missions are all the same, so what you end up doing is repeating the same content from another area with a slightly different setting over 4 times. It's cool and all for the first 20 hours maybe but after that it becomes a chore. And even though I like the game and definitely recommend it, I can't really bring myself to finish it."
76561198006848587,Recommended,268870,17803448,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,StormReavan,"I really like this game.  It's graphically gorgeous, the tone is savvy, the missions make you think, firefights make you break a sweat every time.Then there's a few hickups, or heart attacks, depending on the player.First issue I had was the lack of tactical pause in the game.  I can buy into the 'this is a RTS, no pause and giving orders' but I've played a number of games that featured that construction (Pillars of Eternity, Starcraft, Age of Empires 2, a few others).  They have this bullet-time thing to replace it, but it costs energy and it covers the screen in this effect that makes me dizzy. If you're not going to impliment tactical pausing, then there should be number 2.Auto-Attack.  I don't know how many times I lost my... we'll call them minions, because they were detected and rather than go hot, they just sucked up the damage.  It gets worse when you have three squads (one of your minions can 'hijack' NPC's and make them allies) and I'm making a firefight while one of my minions sneaks into the fortress and does her mission.  Well... in the course of that time, Squad 1 kills its target and goes to cover, squad 2 goes to cover, I select another target and another, I'm flipping between three squads trying to keep them alive.  It's not fun, it's stressful.  If that's your thing, all power to you.Another issue is that the game still feels like a beta (probably because it just left it).  I haven't seen an issue with graphics (through there is this haze that makes me want to clean my monitor sometimes) and I've only had two instances in 10 hours where my minions got stuck; but pathfinding is sketchy, the auto-attack is missing, places where your minions should take cover aren't available to be used as cover, the sniper (while powerful) is missing a stealth kill function (they have a one-shot kill system if you've not been detected, but your sniper takes about 2 seconds to fire which is 2 seconds your character will be seen and shot at, if it takes that long to make a kill like that, make the time frame longer and with the sniper's range, or half the range, not point blank).Combat feels like a punishment than a method.  Unless you're a excellent micromanager who can manage up to eight characters at the same time.  The auto-attack would make it feel more viable, instead I usually reload or retreat when combat hits because (at the start) your characters are underpowered compared to the opposition which forces you into the stealth system (fortunately, the devs implemented a mission system to relieve the strain after a little work).On the up side:  The Devs are very active and the community isn't toxic.  I've posted a few times and the community was quick on the uptake.  The Devs are explaining their thought process and are open to suggestion,  and I'm hoping that my issues are resolved in the next patch (I mean, if you add auto-attack, this game would rock and roll with a bass drop).Hopefully this game is like a wine that get's better with age (and I'm excited for them to open a workshop/mod system because this game would rock more when the modding community get's its hands on it).  It has so much potential and (for the most part) it's living to that potential.  But it needs a few layers of polish still.If you decide to purchase this game, you'll get a strtegy game that forces you to plan your movement and the decision to attack is a heavy pro/con system, but you'll get some of the lack-features that really can be irksome (check in a few weeks and hopefully all those issues will be patched!)"
76561197985776801,Recommended,268870,18017832,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Apoc,The fun of Syndicate Wars with modern gameplay and graphics.Buy it!
,Recommended,268870,28776304,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DrPrime8,"Top notch game. I was a big fan of Syndicate and Syndicate Wars. This game was fantastically new and familiar. I would recommend, but my feedback for the developers in the sequel would be please try to make it a little less linear in terms of development. The way to play is supposed to be non-linear, and this works. However, all you really do is steal blueprints for the next dev, and when you have them all the game is over. I would like to have things still to do once I have upgraded all my units. Also, in the original syndicate there were a lot of different types of missions, like assassinations and so on. These are minimal here, really the whole deal is about getting hold of blueprints. I liked the assassinations and persuading scientists missions from the original games. I also liked getting an income from owning regions, which isn't really present in Satellite Reign. So, I would DEFINATELY recommend this beautifully, playable and addictive game for anyone who played Syndicate or anyone who missed out, but I would like a few more options in future releases."
76561198010015404,Recommended,268870,20469729,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Hitch,"I was a fan of the old Syndicate games, and I just recently found out about this game.  I'm very pleased so far.  It has a good mix of stealth, combat, and some parts of it could even be considered puzzle solving.  The only thing I'm worried about is that it might get repetative."
,Recommended,268870,17665157,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Kobra Kommander,Morrrreeeee
,Recommended,268870,26469100,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,zzSleeper,"Reminiscent of old-school syndicate, lead a customizable squad of cyber-agents on missions in semi-open world.  It's worth checking out."
76561198039020745,Recommended,268870,27106750,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,posthum,"It does feel like a spiritual successor to good old Syndicate. The atmosphere is where this game shines.Unfortunately, gameplay is not that great. Enemy movement patterns are so random that stealth is not an option during the longer missions deep into enemy bases. No matter how long your guys stay hidden, eventually multiple patrols will circle in on your guys from multiple sides - with no way to anticipate or evade that.Still worth buying, but do wait for a sale."
,Recommended,268870,19320771,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,HamTyler,"You're old, right?  You had an Amiga?  You played Syndicate?Enough said."
,Recommended,268870,25203755,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Gekkibi,"It's time to write a review now that the multiplayer is out of beta and is working....Kind of. The multiplayer still (28.8.2016) has some rubberbanding issues, but it's in a playable state (mileage may vary). The game has some other performance issues as well, and the FPS can tank when in highly populated areas....But who cares?! It's a spiritual successor to Syndicate! Single player experience is great, and it only gets better when playing with friends. When you're only controlling one agent you can actually start to use the agent's special abilities and items tactically without having the reflexes and finesse of a Korean Starcraft player...There are a few balancing issues when using the optional über damage mode (why shouldn't you use it? Otherwise the combat is like watching The Bold And The Beautiful on TV; boring, dull and you're not going to die because of it): for example shotguns will destroy anything from blast doors to the toughest enemy soldiers - with one hit. It might sound great to some, until they realize that the same ridiculous damage applies to enemy shotgunners as well. If he gets close enough to fire then you're going to lose 1-4 agents in less than 100 ms, no matter how much shielding, armor and health you have."
76561198018760260,Recommended,268870,28923988,Posted: 1 January,all,ChaosKnight,"As of writing this review I have just finished the final mission, credits rolling etc.In a nutshell, if you have the patience and skill for micro-managing 4 individual characters with a variety of skill-sets in real-time, I think you will enjoy this game. Obvious comparison being the Syndicate series, which this is supposed to be the spirtual successor.Story (4/10)It is a little flat in terms of presenting its story, which amounts to major developments when you move from one district to the next with a little audio snippet from your Handler, but other than that you get most of your story from blocks of text relating to the mission objectives, or the assorted terminals scattered across each district. It does round up nicely, if somewhat very abruptly with a nice piece of music playing which adds some nice atmosphere.Gameplay (8/10)While not completely flawless, and somewhat slow (as if viewing a video at 3/4 speed, though this might have something to do with my PC) it is a very well put together game. I only had a couple of moments where it glitched out, mostly where 2 of my Agents would either stand still regardless of input, or get stuck in the world geometry, and I mean only 2, during my last 2 hours or so of gameplay, though some mechanics did require some key spamming to get the desired effect sometimes throughout my playtime.Gameplay can be somewhat repetitive, as for each district you generally have the same set of objectives to complete in order to continue your long standing goal, but the thing that offsets this is that because of the mechanics and set-up for said objectives, it feels different each time. A good example is the Bank. Each district has a large branch of the Cities major corporate bank, which you can go and smash open for a lump sum of cash, and increase the amount of money you get over time from the hacked ATM's which scatter the City. While the same objective exists in each block of the city, they each have different defenses and physical layout, prompting you to approach each objective in a different way.The shootouts your agents get into can often feel frantic and overwhelming at times, and more so as the game progresses and you meet more impressive enemies. Careful positioning and use of your Agents abilities will see you survive these encounters, or alternatively, just run away, as the Enemies do seem to suffer from short-term memory loss now and again.That said, with regards to the Stealth aspect, its is very hit and miss. While the enemies you encounter tend to follow the Sight/Sound rules much like Splinter Cell for example, if you do wind up in a colossal shoot-out for which you are not prepared, breaking line of sight and moving a good 50 metres away from the hot-spot seems to cause the AI to think ""No problem anymore, back to patrol."" which does seem odd, considering that there is now a massive whole in that gate which I blew open with a grenade not 5 seconds ago.All in all, while Stealth is certainly viable with assorted EMP gear/Sound Suppression/Cloaking equipment and silencers for your weapons, take the advice of Gabriel Angelos, ""Walk softly, and carry a big gun."", because if your luck is anything like mine, you may need it.Your AgentsWith regards to the 4 Agents under your control, you have your Soldier, Support, Hacker and Infiltrator. Each has their own skill set up, with both passive and active ablities relating to the role they are designed to fill.The Soldier is the man with all the guns and explosives with a side of technical gadgetry, allowing him to rewire certain bits of hardware such as doors and power generators.The Support helps keep people alive with med-kits (although these can be equipped by anyone, the support gets the most use from them) and increased passive healing for themselves and the team.The Hacker gets you into fun and exciting places by opening doors, disabling surveillance cameras and hacking into ATM's to help with cash-flow, as well as the various enemies you encounter, by ""hi-jacking"" them.The Infiltrator can get into interesting places via vents and ziplines without any aid, can use a sniper rifle to decent effect, and pifler anything shiny thats not nailed down when sent into a building.Each agent can be equipped in various ways with the variety of gear, weaponry and augmentations that you will pick up over the course of the game, new items of which will require researching before you can mass produce them for your Agents, because while you can equip your shiny new weapon or augment immidiately onto an Agent, should they be killed in combat, you will permanently lose it. So I thorougly recommend researching anything new that you may want sooner rather than later.Graphics (7/10)While certainly nothing to get excited about, the visuals of the game to make for an impressive display, even with the almost over-powering presence of neon lighting all over the place, but this can be addressed simply by turning off the bloom.Sound/Music (10/10)The sounds and music of the game are a joy to listen too. Gun fire and explosions feel just right, with a satisfying weight to them. The music is very atmospheric for the most part, each of the 4 districts having its own ambient track, both when wandering the streets and getting into trouble.Overall, I would recommend this game, though I would advise to buying it on sale along with the soundtrack."
76561197993380318,Recommended,268870,17866634,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Kamreth,"First time ever I had a hard time deciding to recommend a game or not.I came in lured by the beatifully crafted dystopian world and the promise of a Syndacate gameplay,and to be honest, for the first 4 hours it delivered.Now, after 10 hours and a bit of reading here and there I'm sorry to say, this game falls short gameplay wise, and it really would hurt me to downvote it, because I tried to love it, I love the graphics and the feeling of it, but there's little in there to be called ""Game"".Plenty of reviews already out there that explain exactly why the combat and the overall experience is lacking, it's a game full of style but no soul.If you're wondering why, after all this charade, I'm still recommending it, it's for the main good point this game makes, and to me, that is we NEED developers and games like this to try and give justice to all the franchises EA and its merry friends nuclearized over the years, this game falls short, but it's a sincere attempt, not a cashgrab.That means while I didn't enjoy it to the end, it is a game worth trying nonetheless."
76561197986929226,Recommended,268870,17878164,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,lUCIFER2286,never review much ut this game is coloful death and fun if ur a fan of the old time syndicate game
,Recommended,268870,17820603,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Slinky and Xeno,This is exactly what I hoped Shadowrun and Xcom would be.  I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,268870,17885852,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Macnor,A bargain! Crazy good for the price.
76561197960398518,Recommended,268870,17905574,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Senior Locos,"It's a pretty good game but I'm reluctant to recommend it at the current price.  It's rather short and there isn't a lot of replayability in it.  Unless you're really into these kinds of games or you're a fan of the original Syndicate, I'd wait for a Sale.As a fan of the original Syndicate, Satellite Reign really does feel like a true spiritual sucessor.  But like other spiritual sucessor games made years later through crowdfunding (I'm looking at you in particular Wasteland 2) too much nostalgia has crept into the more recent game, and not always for the better.Some thoughts:Aside from the first area and the final encounter there was rarely any need to use tactics, especially once you're well armed and have a highjacked unit or two in tow.  I did just as well mid-game with all my units running and gunning together than I did trying to be creative.AI can be a little wonky at times.  Nothing too major, but you have to babysit units since they won't always return fire or find cover and sometimes they'll try to fire through objects in the environment rather than go around for a proper shot.  Some pathfinding issues too, but again, it's fairly minor.Having four units with different capabilities was a nice touch, but more often than not it just meant the other three stood around while one guy used his unique abilities.  I found more utility in using their skills on the interactive bits in the environment; hacking doors, cameras and guards or shutting down generators to avoid combat.The interface is clean and intuitive.  The skill buttons were on the small side but I didn't end up using many of them aside from Scan, Hijack and Grenades.Some players have an issue with the lack of an auto-pause, but I never found it to be a major issue.  There is a ""Bullet Time"" type skill that's a close enough analog.The research and trickle-in income system (through hacking ATM's) is a mixed bag.  This is one of those nostalgic bits that feels like it needed work.  At least 6-8 hours of my 27 hour playtime occured while I was tabbed out, waiting for research projects to finish or money to accumulate to buy new upgrades.The visuals and atmosphere in game was excellent.  They nailed the cyberpunk aesthetic.Although the story was forgettable the flavour text in logs, notes and descriptions had some nice touches.All in all, it's a solid little game thats worth a playthrough."
76561197963664525,Recommended,268870,17871538,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Terkala,"Quite a good strategy game. It's got an unusual pacing, and the story isn't as strong as it could be. But the unique gameplay really makes up for it. Took me ~15 hours to complete."
,Recommended,268870,17885079,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sykco,Definitely the spiritual successor to syndicate.  Brings back good memories and create fun new ones.
76561198027339445,Recommended,268870,17868039,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,CmdrJay1072,"I love this game. I realize others have compared it to the old Syndicate game by Bullfrog (who was crushed into oblivion by EA), and they are totally justified in doing so. After having this game for only two days, I keep wanting to play and I lose total track of time. This is what made Syndicate so fun to play and this game is the same. I love sneaking around and overriding security systems, hacking into banks, rewiring power stations and the like. I enjoy that there are distinct roles for each of the agents, something Syndicate lacked. I enjoy the combat. I have not found anything about this game that I don't like! I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198000387690,Recommended,268870,17890132,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Termination,Kept wanting to play a little bit more. Just a few more minutes...... 3am.8/10.  Would sleep during work hours again
,Recommended,268870,17860946,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,FrappeWarrior,its syndicate all over again. a must have for both old vetereans and newcomers. its not without its flaws some bugs here and there and controls evfcery now and then it will frustrate the hell out of you but its drawbacks are not enough to take away from the experience which more than solid.great title. recommended!
,Recommended,268870,32877894,Posted: 27 June,all,alphaclone,i rate this game 5/7great atmospheregood soundtrackinteresting story (that ending tho)a bit tricky at the beginning but savefiles are in .xml so...
,Not Recommended,268870,20673650,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,paranoiasavedthecat,"I want to preface this review with ""This game could be a solid game, but it has a long road to achieve that.""To start with, and what I think is the most disturbing issue I've faced so far: there's something horribly wrong with how this game writes data to disk. The game locks up when loading/writing save files or game content. The graphic animations stop, the game gets jerky. It can, and will, lock up on you when it tries to overwrite your autosave file. When it does crash an autosave file its going to set you back hours of gameplay and I hope you had a backup save slot. If you didn't, well. That's unfortunate.The other major problem I have with this game is the pathmapping and how the player interacts with the environment. Both are, well, they're bad. Use an ability while you have a unit in cover? They stand, but they don't return to cover. Now they're spotted. Any tile with multiple, overlapping, cover from different directions can sometimes render it impossible for you to select the cover direction you wanted. Unit decided to use the cover facing north instead of east? Now you're spotted (which leads me to question why units can only benefit from a singular direction of cover instead of two+ when utilizing corners. It makes sight-lines very awkward to predict). There are times when you must fight the camera to get cover ticks to appear so that your unit won't stand in the open. If you miss this opportunity they'll simply stand over the cover tile instead of actually getting in cover. Now you're spotted. The pathmapping doesn't properly recognize doors. If you click on a platform that has either a vent or a door between the two, you'll find your unit stopped, facing the wall instead of using the door or vent. If you're needing to escape this can cause you to lose units unnecessarily. Several units can ""stack up"" on one cover tile, which, while amusing and sometimes exploitable can be a serious problem. Having ""run"" be a double-click function of ""walk"" leads to an issue where your unit will stutter in animation and can lead to delays in getting a unit where you want it to go. Having a two-key run function instead of a one-key two-stroke would have been better as then you wouldn't get animation stutter nor would it slow your unit down.Not that this matters too much as the AI is just about as bad as the pathmapping. If you manage to hide in cover, even if the enemy knows exactly where you are and could easily walk around a corner or crate to engage you, they won't. They'll get into cover themselves, and eventually forget your existence. This leads to a rather exploitive gameplay style where instead of having to out think the AI, you just let it get bored and return to its predetermined routine and shoot it in the back of the head.There is no point in upgrading guns or taking clones with any stat beyond run speed and energy. Once you have the silencers unlocked the standard pistol becomes the most dangerous weapon in the game. Any time you are engaged by the AI you can run, hide and allow them to forget your existence. If one does manage to engage simply have your hacker mind-control them and the rest will sit there until they disengage then silent kill all enemies.Honestly the game becomes very repetitive once you get good at manipulating its flaws. Its an endless cycle of equipment grinding, which, thanks to hte black market, its rather pointless. You can simply hijack all the ATMs, have your units sit somewhere safe, then walk away from the game and allow it to grind cash for you. Go make a sandwich. Read a book. Play Poke'mon. Then, when you're done, come back. Buy the blackmarket upgrades. You're not punished or penalized for this style of play. It saves you from having to grind out missions to get the gear that you could simply wait and obtain anyway.If these issues were addressed I'd be happy to change this review. I don't think it will happen. While the development team is active in fixing bugs, they seem to be struggling with issues that crop up... and what I've complained about would require complete overhauls for how the game handles objects, cover, pathmapping and AI. If they're stuck on clothing crashing the game I don't think they're going to have the time, resources or talent to rebuild the game from the ground up. So it will remain flawed and my review will remain negative."
76561198019277923,Recommended,268870,15180899,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,blackparabox,"If you like cyberpunk, then this game is for you. Excellent."
76561197991964911,Recommended,268870,13888153,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Angry Soldier,"Hello mates, SATELLITE REIGN is a game of What is CyberPunk! Have you ever watch Arnold Schwarzenegger's ""Total Recall"" movie? also Total Recall (2012) or ""Fifth Element"" ; this game is looking like a great technologic CyberPunk ambiance like these movies.Great atmosphere , great visualfx  , great musics , great graphics and superb gameplay experience...One of the most exciting Sci-fiction game of last 10 years.SATELLITE REIGN..Game Atmosphere : 10/10Visual Fx : 10/10Musics : 10/9Graphics : 10/10Sound Fx : 10/10"
76561197991657927,Recommended,268870,20040965,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MrMuse,"VERY well exectuted. This isn't just a remake of an ancient classic but a total overhaul bringing ""Syndicate"" bang up to date in terms of both visual aesthetic and gameplay. Some people I've spoken to seem put off by the real-time tag but it's worth noting that it can be played as real-time with pause if you so wish. Regardless of how you choose to play it it's a very nice isometric squad based tactical game with a decent cyberpunk feel. It's no Shadowrun but then what is."
76561198006534441,Not Recommended,268870,32418119,Posted: 14 June,all,bebopdrums2424,"Ok. Here's the thing; There ARE moments of greatness in SR, and feelings of great accomplishment when you finally break into the high sec safe, or pull out alive from an intense firefight! However, there are a few issues that, for me, seriously damper the potential that exists in this games execution.+ you cannot save when you want. ONLY at save stations and it remembers your ""checkpoints"". So if you get all the way in the base and steal the plans, well you have to get all the way back out again before you can save your progress. If you get caught and things get dicey,....FAIL. Start over. Now, i can appreciate this as a tool to build suspense and challenge....this wouldnt be such a bad thing if perhaps my agents responded to my commands better...however...+ Controls, can be ""finicky"" at times (that is an understatement by the way). This comes down to just as much ""human error"" i suppose, In that perhaps in my moment of panic i click just left a micrometer of an agent instead of right on him, or because my attention is diverted to a sec camera thats about to go off i didt see the barely visible difference between a spent skill and one ready to go....Path finding can be wonky. Sometimes my agents simply just wont respond to a command. They do just stand there and absorb fire without returning fire, which i think is silly. You have to cvommand them to fire back. The game is challenging enough. You really have to babysit these agent and make double sure that your orders are going through. Which wouldnt be suuuuuch a greivous offence...+ if i could pause the game. This to me is its biggest issue. There is simply too many things for me to handle at once and dealing with frankly subpar AIs and pathfinding and control woes, it just becomes frustrating. You can sink 20 minutes into a perfectly executed mission only to have the game sabatoge you because one of your agents gets stuck and gets caught and then the whole base is on defcon 5, your guys dead in seconds. It can happen, often. Are these situations salvagable? Yeah, and its damn exciting and satisfying when you do manage to pulll off a miracle. But id rather just be able to freaking pause, and issue orders and assess. With the aformentioned issues...this challenge is too great. The stress too high. The frustration outweighs the moments of true glee.Alone, each of these issues is not a huge problem at all, but all at once, they mount in an extremely aggravating play session. Somewhere in this game, is another game that needs to be made. Better. More polish. The systems really fleshed out. I loved syndicate, and i love love love anything cyber punk, so my heart is in this game, but, it mostly just pisses me off if im not in the most patient of moods and i alt out....fingers crossed, the next foray into this is alot more thought out."
76561198022803000,Recommended,268870,17762881,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,mordos,"Great game, I missed out on the kickstarter by a matter of hours.Forget that rubbish EA game this is the REAL remake of Syndicate and Syndicate Wars.Highly recommended!"
76561197969617673,Recommended,268870,17763792,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Doctor,Classic 90's Syndicate is back now even better AlLaH AKBar!
76561197968533929,Recommended,268870,17758160,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,magnetmannen,"just tried it for the first time and this OOZES of Quality, gonna play this a lot more cos it plays and feels just like a old classic syndicate."
76561198025591457,Recommended,268870,17768975,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,hadesbox,I love this game!
,Recommended,268870,17771628,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Jone991,"If you are Syndicate fan, this game is must have."
76561197980795301,Recommended,268870,16570406,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Xen0tech,If you remember a game called commandos and would like a similar game set in a dystopian future reminiscent of blade runner than buy this. It's the ducks nuts :)
,Not Recommended,268870,24303385,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Purps™,"Fun, but ultimately another choppy Unity engine game that I can't recommend out of performing too poorly even on lowest settings to be played comfortably. Game performance got worse over time, as well; it at least ran at a bareable framerate when I got my 19 hours ingame but now, revisiting it almost a year after release and on stronger hardware, it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Devs need to just stop using this horrid engine. Initial load and any instances of loading will also leave you sitting at your computer for a minute waiting."
76561198046801774,Recommended,268870,17770176,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dragon,"Best game ever! I have played it enough time of my childhood in Syndicate game. I have lost a lot of time in upgrading agents from cryo-chamber... Great! 10/10!P.S. Another +5 to final score, first crowdfunded production and make it pass 1.00 version !!!"
,Not Recommended,268870,32311893,Posted: 10 June,all,Hi-Tech Hermit,"Lots of bugs, units stuck on walls, bad pathing. just to name a few. and runs REALLY bad. some how my rig can hold 60 on high in the witcher 3 but can even hold 25 in this?!only buy if its in DEEP discount and you are really, REALLY jonezing for a Syndicate-like gameplay."
76561197971117075,Not Recommended,268870,31128944,Posted: 13 April,all,â„¢Ì‡Ì†ÌŒÍ­Ì…Ì”Ì”Í¨Ì’Í£ÌŽÌ¿²,I would recommend this if you want some syndicate Nostalgia but really there are some game breaking bugsStuck in walls and die wtf.The un-mutable music which plays on start up and loading.The gas indicator sound has a high pitch to it which is beyond annoying have to take off headphones it's bone scraping annoying.Character will deselect sometimes and you'll get stuck.interacting with things can be bothersome just grenade it.Won't give this a positive until MUSIC and Wall entering game destroying bug is fixed..
76561198251858654,Recommended,268870,31337002,Posted: 24 April,all,ギョー,"I am hooked on this game because it is like Syndicate Wars with 201x graphics and gameplay. I loved Syndicate Wars as a kid on our 486.It is a little hard to play without a mouse without a zoom wheel, as the levels are very detailed requiring close in to click on things and then wanting to get an overal picture of things. And it keeps a lot of the gameplay elements - like not being able to zoom too far, meaning you need to stick your team together or spend forever togling between members, like the syndicate had as challenges."
76561198207537188,Not Recommended,268870,22188675,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,silverthorns,"It is the best game ever... on the trailer. The art style and atmosphere is great when you just look at it. The numerous customization of squads are crazy. However, the lack of pause function and terrible AI cancels all my tactical options whether in stealth or combat. The ambitious level design presents you some really cool spots but the set up of guards are so mindless that it results in some bizarre difficulty curve, jumping from impossible to milk run and then back every other hour. The writing is so bare-bone that it abandons any personality or background of characters and organizations appearing in the game.For more reviews and other article about games, visit myblog"
76561198015337264,Not Recommended,268870,28802635,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rhev,How the hell in CURRENT YEAR does any game justify region locking it's players?  I bought this game specifically to buy with friends of mine who live in different parts of the world.  This game could be the greatest RTS ever and I won't know.  Because a region lock means a quick refund request from me.
76561198076404998,Not Recommended,268870,18405266,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,zn,"Good base and potential but controls are super fiddly, lots of tiny almost illegible text, combat would be a lot more fun if it was turn based, as it is it's more frustrating than anything else."
,Not Recommended,268870,26739611,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,NeverLeo,"I saw all the reccommended reviews so I picked it up on sale.  Game was really frusterating until I figured out how to level up.  I had a few bugs which prevented me from being able to get exp but I got that sorted out.   I think the concept is really good and I really liked it at first but the game just tapered out and I have no desire to spend anymore time with this game.  Didnt even finish it, hell, I bareley got to the industrial area.  Clunkly controls, Ai that is too smart 1 second then dumb as a rock the next, the guns feel like nerf guns, you have to click like 5 times to get the character to move a block and then they stop halfway, sprinting takes too much energy, and the enemies seem to infinitly spawn at times.  Theres more but I would rather just say that I didnt like it at first, gave it a chance, then I really liked it, and now I feel really disappointed in this as it could have been so much better.  I may try the multiplayer but trying to controll all the units at the same time in active combat is just way to much to do when you die so quickly."
76561197997489482,Not Recommended,268870,17770778,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Policarp,"Suprise, suprise they did not fix the framerates issues before release.  I have been a long time supporter of this game from early kickstarter days and I am really disappointed in this studio.  It was brought to the developers attention very early on and constantly throughout the alpha and beta that the framerates and optimization were horrible for this game.  Every time the developers would respond with a one sentence response of ""the game is cpu bound"" with no explaination as to why or a fix for the performance issues.  Why on earth in 2015 would you make a game that is cpu bound.  The minimum and recommended system requirements are a joke, don't expect more than 20-30 fps with a system well above the recommended specs.  Ultimately I have to give the game a negative review because of the above issues.  I think this small studio bit off more than it could chew, the game needs a lot more optimization.  If these issues are fixed in the coming months then I will change my review to positive but at this point I would not pay $20 for the game."
,Not Recommended,268870,27791044,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"A fun sandbox game with squad tactics, hampered by bugs, poor UI and targeting issues.7 hrs into the game I loaded a saved game and all of my 3 heavy infantry that I'd persuaded were gone.Also I had exactly $1000, no equipment, and some tutorial telling me to press left click twice or F.There's something seriously wrong with the save files.I tried to load it again and now it's saying ""Falied to launch game as host"" even though this is a single-player game.Then I couldn't even exit the game from the main menu.""Are you sure you want to exit?""Yes I'm sure but selecting OK does nothing.I had to force close the game from the main menu.. crazy.I reloaded the exact same save and while I have my money and equipment back, the units I persuaded are still gone.The game also suffers from targeting issues which has caused many deaths.My soldiers' accuracy is over 100% but they still refuse to shoot someone that's standing on stairs. They often don't attack units that I select and I have to select them a second time.If I press G to use a grenade then ALL of my units throw their grenades at once and waste them.There's no single-use option.Also the UI around assigning clones to soldiers is poor and not explained well at all.You need to select the soldier class in the bottom right then select a clone in the list of the left.It doesn't help that the soldiers are also listed in the list making it a very confusing process if you don't see the bottom right options as the game will let you select a soldier from the list then a clone in the list and let you click apply, though the result will be unexpected.Still feels like an Early Access game.If the Devs fix these issues then it would be a definite upvote from me but as it is it's a very frustrating experience when 90% of deaths are not the player's fault.If this was still in EA then I'd be confident that the devs would fix these flaws, but considering it has left EA already it is a sign from the devs that they think the game in it's current state is ok so it gets the thumbs down.[Update: Next time I reloaded  a later save due to another death where units refused their commands I'm back in the same situation: $1000, some other tutorial, no equipment and unable to exit other than via task manager. I've given up with the game now as it's too punishing for it's own glitches with more glitches on top, and I've requested a refund]"
76561198082017733,Recommended,268870,18601439,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jako_Tako,"Great game, old Syndicate feel.There are some bugs in 1.04.1 build but doesn't ruin game experience.Maybe stealth approach is not rewarding but old Syndicate was action game with big and loud guns!"
76561198006641517,Recommended,268870,13960084,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,webbah,"Cool to play, even if it is still alfa/beta ish."
,Recommended,268870,14814571,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,mamolian,"For those old enough to remember Syndicate, this game is a spiritual sucessor! Some of the original devs were involved in producing this game. You'll also recognise the research mechanics, finding researchers and even some of the old weaponry.Great game tbh!"
76561198018179398,Recommended,268870,13843031,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Pathfinder,"Love it! Great direction, already having fun..hopeful for the finished product."
,Recommended,268870,27643091,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Traskar,"A wonderfull cyberpunk themed strategy game. Discovering the City an the lore is quite fun and  and the missions offer plenty of options to solve them.  So grab your deck and enter the corrupt depth of Satellite Reign.Disclaimer: i was a fan of syndicate back in the days, but i still think satellite reign is a good game all  by itself."
76561197995965937,Recommended,268870,15812715,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Rotting Flesh,"As close as your gonna get to Syndicate Wars, but lacks the ability to level buildings, amazing so far.Well impressed with the detail, game is coming along nicely.glad i backed it."
,Not Recommended,268870,29025426,Posted: 4 January,all,GammarayBeast,Does not support local coop. only supports LAN
76561197970748244,Recommended,268870,17749756,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,ZZEZ,"Its out and its actually good, abit heavy on performance."
76561198053865080,Recommended,268870,17403472,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Metr0,"This was originally written a couple weeks before its official release during build v0.91 and edited for its official release out of Early Access. Satellite Reign is honestly one of the best strategy games of 2015. Created by some of the folks behind the original Syndicate and its sequel Syndicate Wars, you can definitely tell there was a lot of passion behind this project. Showcasing ideas and visuals they couldn't do in the past to to the limitations of the time. Aside from a few technichal issues the game is a wonderful experience.Pros:+Gorgeous visuals and art direction+Easy to understand mechanics+Huge lovingly crafted open world with multiple routes to accomplish objectives+Fantastic and thematically appropriate soundtrack+Plenty of Weapons and skills to customize your agents.Cons:-Needs optimization-Agent cosmetic customization is a bit lacking.-Arguably slow in the beginning as your agents are hilariously weak.If your a fan of the original Syndicate and its sequel Syndicate Wars your gonna love this, If you like strategy games with RPG elements your gonna love this. Its got the graphics, gameplay and the challenge for anyone willing to give it a shot."
76561197999728844,Not Recommended,268870,29421894,Posted: 22 January,all,Thanatos,"I cannot recommend this game.While the basics are great, the execution lacks a lot.So the game has a very hard save system, becuse you cannot save mid mission, even if the missions are over 30 minutes long. Thats completly fine and acceptable. The mechancs are justfied in the game world and story.What's not fine, are bugs, a ♥♥♥♥ tone of random bugs, that screw your character up, either making it not move, or just gets stuck in the maps 3D mesh. Stuff like that ruins, usualy until then a perfect mission run. There's nothing else for a player to do to just restart or get around that bug, which makes things even harder.Other stuff are really bad are graphic/physics glitches, bad AI pathing, strange AI NPC behavior, bad weapon/combat stats and their meaning, unclear cover/none-cover walls and many many other things I don't feel like mentioning becuse this is enough for a thumbs down.So in other words, it's great someone rebooted syndicate (wars), but we deserve better, especialy for this price."
76561198121771830,Recommended,268870,17873189,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Nedko,"As I played it, i had this Feeling of the ""good"" old gaming days. It is so stylish, difficult an classic .I love it, we need more games like this again."
76561197970553286,Recommended,268870,17876444,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Barbequeman,"HiIt is a very nice game in the old tradition of Syndicate, maybe the City is a bit static but this is not the thing that matters. The feeling and the Cyberpunk setting is done very well, it is worth the money and I always try new ways to resolve the challenges. A very good Game and I highly recommend it, who likes these type of game will not be disappointed !"
76561198005903887,Recommended,268870,17961305,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,The Comedian,"So, Satellite Reign, where to begin... the game is a spiritual succeessor to the 90s Syndicate games. For those, who are unfamiliar with those games (like me), it is an open-world RTS about corporate espionage set in a dystopian cyberpunk setting. Gameplay-wise, the game plays like real time open world XCOM which can be played guns blazing, using stealth or combining those tactics. If you liked those missions in RTS campaigns, where you get no base and a few hero units, this game is for you.The game has absolutely stunning visuals and manages to sustain the atmosphere of dark and depressive future whether you are exploring a rich business district or a dirty, soulless industrial district. The music is beautiful and fits perfectly, working in harmony with a symphony of neverending rain.The story is quite intriguing, but only if you are willing to work for it a bit. It is spread across 40 pretty well-written log files, which are scattered across the world and revealed by interacting with log terminals. If you ignore them, the ending will make no sense, so I suggest you don't.The gameplay itself is really solid. You control a team of four agents (Soldier, Support, Hacker, Infiltrator) in your quest to undermine other corporations by assaulting their compounds, stealing their prototypes and money, killing their top employees. Each of them has unique abilites that make them useful and even though you can solo many facilities with a well-equipped Infiltrator, using your whole team is more satisfying, earns you more cash and sometimes even extra prototypes that can only be acquired by bringing a specific agent to the compound. The missions can be quite long, but some shortcuts can be often found outside the box. Hacking a terminal or shutting down a generator well hidden outside of an enemy facility can greatly increase your chances.Even though the game aways sticks to the formula, I was entertained for my entire 30 hrs playthrough, because it can deliver challenging and butt-clenching moments when you don't expect it.The only downside is that the game is quite buggy and a bit clunky. Nothing too game-breaking, but there are numerous issues like bad pathfinding, disappearing NPCs, stealth kills not working properly, VIPs failing to use vertical vents, etc. It is very annoying, but it is a thing that can be fixed.Regardless, even in its current state, I can recommend this game, not only because it is solid in most regards, but because the setting is unfairly underused in games and Satellite Reign manages to pull it off perfectly."
76561198030452578,Recommended,268870,21014501,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Arry Ghekon,"One of the best games I've played in a loooong time. I cannot emphasize how much I want a map editor or expansion or anything that gives me more of this game. I will pay. Please!Actual review:This game plays like a combination of Fallout Tactics and Wasteland 2. That is to say, the excellent TBS/ RTS combat from FO:T, combined with the skills-that-really-matter from WL2.Infiltrating bases to steal blueprints for awesome weapons, hacking turrets to attack enemies, siphoning money from ATMs... This game is truly the best-realized cyberpunk setting I've ever seen in a video game.Pros:- Lots of ways to go about missions. A lot of games SAY they have this. Not many really do. This one does.- Good variety of weapons and tools.- Good progression that lets you set your goals: want a rocket launcher instead of a hacking upgrade? Break into this complex instead of that one.I'm sure there are cons, but I'm writing this after a few months since I finished playing it, and nothing pops into my head. No glitches, no crashes, no horrible mechanics I hated. As such, I'll leave the 'cons' to others.edit:Now features co-op multiplayer!"
76561197974353232,Not Recommended,268870,32198581,Posted: 5 June,all,Hazeti,"Hmm, So my initial impression isn't great. I mean, the gameplay looks like it might be ok, but as ever the imlementation seems pretty poor. It's just not polished.My first (and probably last hour) was spent following the tutorial. Apparently did something (i think trying to hack a civilian?) which alerted the authorities, tried to run. ended up facing about 20 police guys mowing down all my men, had to res them all, but apparently all my money has gone (no idea how, it showed $0 cost to res) and now i can't complete the tutorial because i can't spend $50 to bribe some civilian.I didn't know why the tutorial lets you get in such a mess, also had no idea what to do once i was being chased by all the authorities and have absolutely no idea where the money went.Not a good start, I don't think i'll be giving it another go."
76561197979353957,Recommended,268870,17750294,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Velrisias,From the makers of syndicate (no not the 2012 game the 1995ish game) and syndicate wars comes this an even better variant of the ones they made in the 90's. Tho i do miss the vast legion of civilians to complete missions with these agents are the best.
76561197971381850,Recommended,268870,17368263,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,zorianarki,"The developers of Sattelite Reign are... ♥♥♥♥ing model developers. They're responsive, they obviously work their♥♥♥♥♥off and yeah, so thats the early access review part.The game itself, it is... AWESOME. It is basically what syndicate brought up to todays development should be.  My playing hours are ultra low due to steam being weird, but I have spent... several long nights playing this game and I've loved every minute of it. Well okay, some bugs were super annoying but the devs are really good about fixing them so.. win! NOW GO bUY THIS SO WE GET MORE GAMES LIKE THIS!"
,Recommended,268870,17823294,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Magos,"Its got everything I ever wanted in a Nostalgic trip to Syndicate. All of the fun none of the heart breaking reality of replaying the original. At this price, its a great pickup."
,Recommended,268870,17623060,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,miragem,For anyone who have been waiting soooo... long for a successor worthy of the Syndicate Franchise... THIS is it!It is the original Syndicate gameplay and more... They've added in new gameplay elements that works well with the original. This game is a must have for all Syndicate fans!
76561198023889400,Recommended,268870,17822554,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,razgriz103,Couldn't hack a door so I exploded said door.9/10 would explode again.
,Recommended,268870,19379347,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Naqel,Enter district checkpoint with legit passes.Some NPC civvies pathing error puts them in a restricted area.Security starts shooting.One of my guys gets hit and returns fire.No pacifist achievement for that checkpoint.10/10 will play again to get that later.
,Recommended,268870,19382900,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,p5eudo,"I'm playing this on a Linux Mint 17.2 Cinnamon desktop install.The game always opens on the wrong monitor. The Cinnamon desktop environment allows me to right click the task bar button for the game and move it to the other monitor, but this is the first game in years that has always opened on the wrong monitor.edit 2:I've kept at it. The game is definitely fun. The bugs are definitely irritating, and infuriating at times. However, I keep playing it, and I'm enjoying it more as I progress. Changing to a ""yes"" recommendation. But it's an iffy one. If you get angry about bugs,"
76561198007370839,Recommended,268870,19720682,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Botty Hammer,"I missed Syndicate. I missed a squad of cyborg killers wreaking havoc in a city that looked like a cross between a scrap yard and an android roller disco - until now! Thank you 5 Lives. I hope my cash hurled at railgun velocity is the thanks you are after.  Here's some more...Nice squad mechanic - I'm a fan of the specialists.  I did get caught with my kevlar cyberkecks down a few times by sending the wrong agents to the wrong parts of a secure area (it's not Syndicate!), and wandering into security cameras (Not Syndicate!) but gradually turning the 4 sociopaths into a well oiled machine, while waiting to see if they get well oiled machine parts to match (like Syndicate!).PROS: Squad based mayhem, tactical thinking (as per Commandos), guns akimbo rampage action, cover based combat for those ""oops, blew my cover"" moments, stealth, sneak kills, tactical thinking, asset securing (increase income for victory), fast travel to avoid excessive running (while avoiding cheating during the 5:50 moments). You can't save once you're committed to doing something suspicious, which adds to the tension - ""Did I make the right choice? What about now? What if I do...eek! Alarms! Well, will have to use my brain then"".CONS: Not heard anybody yell ""Get Down!"" yet. Plus I thought my soldier agent had undergone gender realignment on the fly until I worked out the cloning mechanics.Great job, great game.  Looking forward to hurling cash at the DLC/Sequel, and I really like the news from the team on bug handling - read before I bought, seemed conscientious. Kudos.<Edited for a typo>"
76561197996967839,Recommended,268870,19076323,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,spiritplumber[FUG],"Classic cyberpunk. There are a few clunky things about it, but the world is immersive and you can actually walk around the city admiring all the little touches while you subvert the place. The ""realtime with pause"" option lowers the difficulty considerably, as it's implemented by giving you from start what would regularly be a mid-tier tech upgrade.Unlike Syndicate where you can very easily outgun the police, here it's a lot harder (but not impossible) to do, so at times it makes sense to let your agents make a last stand and wait for the heat to come down.Do note that laser is not a straight upgrade from ballistic, or plasma from laser - each technology has its pros and cons.Not sure if this is in the same universe as Invisible Inc. but it should be. Definitely worth the money."
76561198022611551,Recommended,268870,20217463,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mortigar,It's  a fun game still has some pretty impressive bugs. Would reccomend it to others but I think it should be in early access. If you don't like games with pathing issues or random annoying game breakers. (agent respawns and die's again for no apparent reason).  Then Steer Clear.Going to give it the thumbs up because I like it minus the annoying bugs.7/10 is an accurate rating for the games current condition.
76561197994261864,Recommended,268870,28746363,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Itchy Scratch N' Sniff,"If you ever played syndicate and liked it, then this is for you.  It's more than just a spiritual successor.  It has an overall enhanced feel with a greater flexibilty as to what you can do.  An example being, hijacking enemies and theen using them to scout or cause diversions and even assasinate target's without ever revealing your own agent's.There are minor bug's but nothing that break's the overall experience and progression can be slow in place's, but it get's what matter's most right.A solid and worthwhile purchase for those that have fond memories of syndicate."
,Recommended,268870,28784515,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,monsirto,It takes me back to the days of Syndicate
76561198186812151,Recommended,268870,29797779,Posted: 9 February,all,clarkeveritas,"Wasn't sure what to expect but Satellite Reign has depth, style, and most importantly is quite a lot of fun.  You control a squad of 4 (sometimes with extra help) and each member has their own skills and progression path.  Soldier, Support, Hacker, and Infiltrator.  Pretty self-explanatory.  You gain XP and level up, using skill points to upgrade specific abilities and passives on each character.  In addition, each character has augment slots for mechanical upgrades and gear slots for all sorts of things... from cloaking devices to drones to grenades.  There are also quite a few varied weapons, which also have available upgrades.The graphcs are GREAT.  The city is awash in neon and it looks VERY futuristic/cyberpunk.  While you'll likely be playing zoomed out for a beter tactical vantage point- zooming in rewards you with some AMAZINGLY fine detail.  It's a shame that you need to have a panned-out view of everything because the attention to detail up close is amazing.  The gameplay alternates between combat and well-put-together stealth mechanics.  Early on your only option might be to run in and out as quickly as possible on a given target, killing everything possible and running when outnumbered/outgunned.  This quickly changes.... as you gain access to various gear/augments/skills/etc you'll find that the planning of a raid is half the fun.... tactical and strategic options open up exponentially as your toolset expands.  At about 22 hours into the game I've gotten to the point where there are many viable options on a given strike.... but from the list of technology that I have yet to research/buy I can see that I still have a LONG way to go in terms of available tools and options.  Also- at 22 hours I don't know exactly HOW far I am into the game.... but without spoiling anything I DO know that I'm AT MOST at the 25% mark.  It's nice to get good bang-for-your-buck.This is an open-world game to a degree.  You are in one giant city and while you don't have access to the whole city right off the bat- you CAN, in theory, force your way into parts of the city that you clearly have no business being in yet.  Your map is littered with possible targets and it's up to you to pick which targets to hit and when, balancing the risks versus the rewards of each.  Oh- another neat part of this game: the cloning system.  You pretty much abduct people off the street and clone them to enhance each of your team members.  Your soldier might start out as a black dude.... but you might find a white girl on the street with better stats.  Abduct, clone, and BOOM-  your soldier has had a gender change and has changed ethnicities.  Each time a character dies you can respawn but your stats decrease.  Not your XP-earned skills, but your base stats like health, speed, accuracy, etc.  There is a level where it won't go below, which is essentially a 0% bonus across the board, but it's a neat system and it's fun to troll around for abduction victims.  As you level up your ""Hijack"" ability you can start abducting soldier, and eventually high-ranking soldiers, giving your team access to better and better stat-buffs.I expected Satellite Reign to be OK, but it turned out to be REALLY good.  I'm thrilled that it's a really big game, too, as my current rate of play should have me getting at least 70 hours out of this.  At least.  I tend to go through games slowly, taking my time and enjoying the scenery, but I still couldn't imagine someone tearing through this game TOO quickly.... at least not if they want to research all the cool toys and see everything.  I feel I've already gotten my money's worth and I have a lot of game left to play.  Glad I picked this up."
,Recommended,268870,21816195,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Clinnger Eveneye,"Quite an Awesome game if I should say myself.As seen in the pictures, you command a squad of 4 units, and each unit can get better by hijacking enemy or neutral units and be sent for cloning, making classes such as the soldier as tank and infiltrator have quite a big impact based on the clone.In addition to the game, it has quite good length (varies about if you hesitate due to cameras, guards and so on), replayability. Oh and I shouldn't forget, it has a nice, good soundtrack wether you're idle or in combat.However, there are quite some few bugs here and there, but, in my play-time I haven't really encountered some game-breaking bugs (maybe because I haven't even bought something from the Black Market ingame). Also, the AI can be a bit questionable, especially if you have hijacked NPCs, they will not react to being fired at and will most likely just stand idle and die, however, your squad has some basic AI where they will shoot back, and perhaps take cover (I had them fully controlled throughout the game), so I can't really tell much more about Satellite Reign, other than it's really awesome."
76561197970735300,Recommended,268870,21865880,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,{V|PER},"I played Satellite Reign and completed it a little while ago now, after playing other games such as XCOM 2, I started looking back at how much fun Sattelite Reign was and so was compelled to quickly write something about this game.Satellite Reign is set in a cyberpunk setting, (think Sydicate by Bullfrog Studios) it's a real time, squad based tactical shooter and it does all of those things really quite well. It's far from perfect, it has it's nuances and the occasional bug, but its solid and addictive gameplay trigger that 'I'm having fun' vibe that many games can just miss despite all of the trimmings on offer.If you were a fan of the old Sydicate games then this is about as close as you can get within a modern game to the glorious nostalgic feelings of your younger days that you've been clinging onto. For anyone just trying this game out without any pre concieved ideas then it's going to be a challenging and addictive game from beggining to end.It does get a little grindy towards the end, and the story is a little weak in places, however there is just enough to keep you coming back for more, watching your technology ramp up and develop new and interesting technology to deal with your enemies.If you're into tactical squad based combat, stealth, a little micro management... and of course massive devastating weapons and cool gadgets then this is your game.I think everyone should give this one a go."
,Recommended,268870,22141768,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,sku_er,"Satallite Reign is a great experience. The sound-scape and lighting do a great job of making you feel like you're running around back allies of a grungy city, on an undesireable evening when other 'undersireables' are out.I never played the original Syndicate games, so, I didn't have any expectation of what the game 'should' be like. I can only enjoy it for what it is.The gameplay is random enough to provide a unique experience for 'do-over' missions, and I thouroghly enjoy having to employ a number of styles to get through missions. Stealth isn't always an option, going Rambo doesn't always get the job done, sometimes you have to hunker-down to protect scientists/engineers, sometimes it's a run-for-your-life situation. But, it all comes down to chance.The game also seems very fair.  While I do have the advantages of being a light-weight, covert outfit, who is being fed information from a network of informants, I don't always have the option to 'win'. Getting caught between two factions, just as a patrol is coming out of the barracks.... no cover, no way out, It happens.But, these actions seem to help carry the premis that you are the underdog. Early on, you get chased out of facilities, escorted off premisis, and sometimes sucker punched by the corrupt security gards, as any gang of punks would be treated.Then, you get access to the black-market. With some upgrades, you are no longer just a gang of punks, but a true elite force to be reckoned with.And all this, before you leave the first district. Amazing."
76561198071998739,Recommended,268870,17295666,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,abbieam28,"Been playing for a few hours on my mac, everything looks great, the combat, all the upgrade system, the sandbox, everything as expected. Really looking for the final release, since it's hard to play on the beta, the game freeze a lot.Recommended!"
,Recommended,268870,17404840,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Gatex1,I had a great time playing this game. It wears the crown of spiritual successor to Syndicate well. Its been a while since I had this much fun with a real time squad based game. Highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys good strategy.
76561197971388728,Recommended,268870,17853943,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Rag71,"I cannot recommend this game highly enough.I could bang on about it, but it has already been said 541 times (I haven't read all of the reviews...  but if they say it's bad, they are wrong).Suffice it to say that is slick, quite pretty and most importanly...  very playable.And (IMHO) WAY better than many, many games with a much bigger price tag."
76561198005736879,Recommended,268870,18911673,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,stBeo,"Awesome game, the atmosphere is very immersive. Had several wow moments; either with the nice landscape that make me feel I was in the future or the enemy encountered. The heroes complement each other well. Can choose the playstyle you like: rogue like, warrior, take control of the ennemies...Generally have multiple paths and approach to complete each mission and the levels are well balanced and take some thinking to solve the way you want. Lore and story are well presented.I didn't get many bugs (only character got stuck once or twice on crates or zipline but with the fast load it wasn't an issue) the devs have really iron the game out.Great game, lets hope there is more to come..."
,Recommended,268870,20387882,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Someone,"Remember Deus Ex? The gameplay in this is very similar, only instead of playing a first person cyberpunk, you control a team of FOUR cyberpunks, with different augmentations and abilities you can upgrade. Sneak past patrols, make silent takedowns, steal data from corporations and fight your way out when you get spotted. Like Deus Ex, each area has multiple entrances and paths to the objective. You must plan a route through patrols, hazards and one-way entry points, to infiltrate, and also exfiltrate with the loot and minimum casualties.Instead of missions, you get a cool little sandbox metropolis, spotted with guarded compounds your team can infiltrate, and hiding spots for when they get out with the loot. There's an alert level system similar to cops in GTA, and a public/restricted area system similar to Hitman.This game deserves more sales than it has, because it does a very rare thing: provide emergent gameplay with multiple solutions to every problem. For example, here's a list of ways you can get past a locked gate:1) Hack the control terminal - requires hacking level, takes a few seconds, hacker may get spotted.2) Blow the door up - loud, every patrol will come running, but the door will be gone.3) Slip in when a patrol opens it - use cloaking, or just kill them all once you're inside.4) Do side objectives - many missions will let you gain access by bribing or ""persuading"" someone on the inside.5) Mind-control a guard and make him open it - for bonus points, make him cover you while your team scarpers off into the ducts and catwalksMore importantly, you can't always use the same one, you have to apply different methods depending on the situation and area layout.Similarly, there are multiple ways to deal with enemies, and to move around restricted areas, and at one point or another you have to use each one. Stealth is important: you can't just say '♥♥♥♥ it', kill all the guards and stroll through an empty base, reinforcements will keep coming to your last known location, getting stronger until they overwhelm you. You must stay undetected, use distractions, stealth takedowns or hit-and-run tactics - wipe out a patrol and run away or hide before reinforcements come.Still not convinced?Remember X-Com? This game has a similar upgrade system: you steal prototypes for weapons, body augments and extra gear from missions, and research them to equip your agents. Gear customization is important: bigger guns, better stats, special kit like decoy grenades, lung augments that let you move through hazardous gas, cloaking systems and zipline attachments. You only have so many slots, so fit your agents to your playstyle wisely. On top of that, you level up each agent's unique skills.The music is fantastic, the graphics are pretty and detailed, and the gameplay is great - moderately challenging and addictive.So what's bad?The story is almost nonexistent. Your starting goal is to gain access to the offices of the corp controlling the world, and beef your agents up enough to knock the place over, so your corp can control the world instead. That's really all there is to it, you get some background information about the city, corps, rivalries and internal struggles from mission descriptions and text logs, but none of it concerns you or your goal. Worse, you're not even your corp's boss, you're just some middle manager, doing evil things so someone ELSE can achieve world domination. If you want a richly detailed world, a plot full of twisted conspiracies and hidden agendas, or just wanted to imagine yourself as the evil, rich CEO taking over the world, you won't find it here.Also, the game is in full real time, with (almost) no pause. It has been very deliberately designed this way, and I think it works well, but it might turn off some people. You can see the layout of each base and create a plan before you go in, but once you're in - it's go time. You can get an ability that slows time to a crawl, but it only works for a few seconds, and only really useful during combat.So them's the breaks. This game punishes reckless rushing. It demands careful planning and swift execution, and also quick thinking and improvisation when your plan goes wrong (it always does). It rewards cleverness in using its complex, intervowen systems of movement, special skills and abilities, guard AI and level features. Games that do this are rare, and very hard to make. It's amazing how a team of 5 managed to pull it off so well, and such efforts in this industry must be rewarded."
,Recommended,268870,32949687,Posted: 28 June,all,sp33dy,"I've always liked Syndicate and Syndicate Wars, and this games is great remake!"
76561198006527585,Not Recommended,268870,20366825,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Bas7ard_Bonhart,"Positive:-music from Lazerhawk-great atmosphere from all the little details thrown into the background of the cityNegative:-Post-Cyberpunk setting that's barely explored-no maps inside the buildings you infiltrate-combat is a cluster-f-no basic AI for your four unitsFeels like a great start to a good game, but there are obvious holes where content should have been and not implemented for one reason or another. Don't by this game unless you really liked the original Syndicate games."
,Not Recommended,268870,20443524,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,KaneBlackHand,"Nietzsche was right: ""Against boredom even gods struggle in vain""Missions quickly get repetitive.All fights feel nearly the same, all weapons feel nearly the same, endgame is too easy with maxed hijacking and it's all boring to the extreme after first several hours.Performance problems on i5-3570K and GTX980 Ti, graphics is good for an indie title, but performance is bad regardless of what your PC specs are.The story is virtually non-existent, the ending leaves you thinking ""That's it?!"" Yeah, it is. There was nothing there to begin with.Character development is done well, but once you are maxed out, there is pretty much 1 strategy to rule them all: Hijack heaviest minigunners with shields, Rage with Soldier, Slow time with support if a lot of enemies -- steamroll everything.Endgame is not challenging.Summary: This game is a trainwreck, don't waste your time even if it is on Sale, it's just that boring."
76561198059163097,Not Recommended,268870,20722235,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,KUNG FURY,"Just played through the single payer, was good for about 30 hours.For anyone who doesn't know this is like a reboot of the old Syndicate games.I must admit though after having my eye on this for ages I am somewhat underwhelmed.The game looks stunning, the style of the game is great and in keeping with the whole ""Syndicate"" feel. It sticks relatively close to the originals, so you have a reseach queue, you can upgrade your agents weapons and augmentations (body parts) and you can get gear. They have also added some extra features such as skills and cloning.My gripe with this game is some of the stuff that they changed is worse, and also the lack gameplay features. Lets base the differences from Syndicate Wars, released a mere 20 years ago.There is only one ""team"" to playYou cannot seem to drive cars/or blow them upInfact in Syndicate Wars lots of stuff was destructable, in SR basically nothing isNo flying carsNo huge tanks that shoot missiles at you or those huge spider tank things (infact there are spider tanks in Satellite Reign but they are patetic)Lack of explosive stuff in generalYou cannot pick up/drop weapons (this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)No trainsThe level design is also less creative, basically evert part of the game is the same in SR. The gameplay throughout is just very samey. Basically you go to various sectors of this one big city which all look the same, break into certain locations to gain stuff and thats pretty much all you do. There are very few missions that take place in the public areas, and the few that are will be to pick up a package or kill someone, they are straightfoward. No ambushing you, or surprising you like the old games did.They have added a stealth system in, so when you enter locations you can disable security cameras etc, and sneak around, however it is clunky, to the point where jsut walking in and shooting is better. They have set it up so you can go through the vents or side passages or whatever, but there is little point when its easier jsut to walk in the front door shooting, and when did a Syndicate game become about stealth anyway??? The combat is slow compared to the old games. There are no also enemy agents, only police and security, which do differ in strength, however even the elite bad guys are no real threat and the only real threat is when you become outnumbered.The tech tree is also messed up. The way the game works there doesnt appear to be any major order in which you gain tech, or for my playthrough, I ended up getting the second best weapon about a quater of the way through the game which means I only ever ended up using about 4 weapons in total. As you can easily jump ahead, most of the weapons/gear/augmentations effectively become redundant even before you get them, which is a shame.They also want like £22 for this on Steam which for what you are getting, is a rip off. I got it on a deal but I would say unless you can get it really cheap dont bother.I know I've slagged it off pretty royaly, its actually not that bad, but Bullfrog did it much better."
76561198014917105,Not Recommended,268870,17812723,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,baukereg,"Just asked for a refund before hitting the two hours mark. Major disappointment. The UI is not intuitive and technical performance is horrible at times. No story, just mission from the main menu. No connection with your team: they do not respond to anything nor does it care if they die because they respawn as clones. The gameplay is full of exploits and AI is non existing. Gun fights are terribly boring. Stealth or guns blazing? Not even a relevant choice: just walk past your enemies like they do not exist at all. Did they even test this game?"
76561198120845194,Not Recommended,268870,17802712,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,mumhustlar,"Really wanted to like this game, having immensely enjoyed Syndicate Wars.  As pretty as the graphics are and great the source material, there are too many flaws in the gameplay to make it enjoyable for me.  For fans of Bullfrog, maybe get it, everyone else, no.Good Points:-Great art direction-Nostalgia - you might mistake it for Syndicate Wars for a bitBad Points:-Awful game engine setup (my system runs Far Cry at 60 FPS yet slows down to sub 15 FPS here in certain places)-Sloooow placed, the original games on the PS1 had more fluid feel to the combat, go figure (BTW I mean slow as in boring, not as in thoughtful)-Pitiful enemy AI-Combat is imprecise, your team get confused and stand around shooting at walls-Buggy - again combat / special moves end up not working properly or glitching your squad-Gameplay mechanics - take gaining money - you amass it over time at a certain rate, so to get rich you can just wait around with the game on :(, bad ludic loopI know this is an indie-ish game, but it just doesnt play well, they should have made the graphics less flashy and spent more time on making it feel polished in gameplay terms."
76561198014935958,Not Recommended,268870,19431831,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Krocin,"It is hard to admit but I can not recommend this game. I loved Syndicate and enjoy this game but it tries so hard to steal my enjoyment away.Firstly, the load times are extreme. It actually loads twice before even showing the menu. By the time I get into a save file I could have already nuked a town of Ghouls in Fallout 4.Second, it always crashes. Load a game... Crash. Fast travel... Lag... then Crash. Save game... Crash. I just want to play for more then 20 minutes at a time.In conclusion, I will keep trying to play because there is nothing else like it out there. But if you didn't really love the real Syndicate this one probobly isn't worth the frustration."
76561198023003091,Not Recommended,268870,29405751,Posted: 21 January,all,Pid,"Completely unbalanced, unfair and unconsequential difficulty scaling makes this game unplayable.I really wanted to play and like this game but there was NO WAY I could get past the difficulty you hit on about 20+skill points.As you progress, enemies are bumped up, too. The order in which you play makes nearly no difference. You may get some bonuses like 4% less accuracy on enemies or 50% slower security cameras, but they all make no difference.You must unlock some crucial blue prints from the black market, research some crucial tec and apply some crucial stealth techniques to get anywhere near CBD (which is the 4th of 5 levels).By the time you are in CBD you have everything nailed down, you know the game very well, play it excellently and have the max gear/augs/weapons you can get and then...You can't simply keep up with the amount of enemies that are thrown at you for every SINGLE error you do. So you restart and retry to be even more precise despite real-time is totally unfair. You, as a human, can by no means manage 4 agents in real-time without ever doing an error.So you restart, prepare, infiltrate, take out cameras and plan ahead... but some 30+ minutes into the operation it gets tighter, room comes at a premium and time (and timing) must be on-spot. The time you do a tiny error, there's no way you can force/fight your way through OR EVEN OUT. You're doomed.So what do you do? You reload, because once the clones are degraded, you're weaker than before. So there's no point to move on from a failure, your best bet is to reload.And you do this over and over again until.... RAAAGE!! Sometimes pathing is not perfect, sometimes enemy mobs CLEARLY move towards you without having seen you, giving the AI an unfair advantage.It is STUPID to insist playing beyond a certain point because it's not fun anymore, you're stuck and wasting 30+ minutes at a time is very VERY frustating.But I did not pay to be frustrated, I payed to have fun. So what do you do at that point?CHEAT.I give myself 100,000,000,000 HP and HP regeneration. With those numbers the game can't keep up with the rounding effect and any damage you take is ""rounded away"", so you stay there unmovable. You're immune to any kind of damage. No need for money, augs, weapons, shield, tactics, planning, whatever. You can just waltz into the missions and complete them.Boy, was I happy I CHEATED!!! I've seen what this game really is. I got to about 60% of the content in a legit way and saw the remaining 40% only by cheating.I can tell you, there is more mob spawning than crazy, they can hit you with 30K+ per second and shoot relentlessly. If you give yourself 1,000,000 HP they're gone in about 30 seconds. This is surely not a chill game, it is totally unbalanced and imposes on you impossible and frustrating difficulty.That said, the ending isn't even that good, I had to dial down audio because it was a constant WHACKWHACKA machine gun sound all time long. The end music didn't even consider I had no music and audio at a minimum. The devs must have thought that the song is SOOOO good you must hear it even if you didn't want to. WRONG. Some people have different tastes.Even with immortality and RUNNING STRAIGHT INTO missions some took over 1 HOUR to complete, because once you think you're done you realize you have to endure more (like getting an infiltrator out of the red zone without getting him killed). So you don't get right to completion but the missions are sometimes longer.I'm so happy I cheated because if I didn't I would have thought ""maybe I'm not that good at this game"", instead I know that I hit my maximum potential at 60%. I also know that some ADHD hardcore players will go beyond... Yeah, like up to 70-75%.I don't feel guilty for cheating, quite the contrary. My opinion is that an unfair difficuly is not acceptable. The devs are responsible for this, they think real-time impossible is something good, instead people bail out midway. And they're doing well. There should be a difficulty setting and the choice to completely remove difficuly scaling in favor of a prefixed difficuly setting per-area. But that's even more difficult to implement because the devs should have gone through the game many times to balance everything. Difficulty scaling, on the contrary is pretty easy to implement and calibrate. So they went that route and now defend it as a FEATURE.To the devs. A FEATURE is when I can CHOOSE to play this way or not. Locking players into this scheme is not a FEATURE, it is a lack of manual balancing on your part. Countering this argument only proves that you know what we're talking about and you couldn't/wouldn't want to afford that kind of painstaking work.My advice to those stuck in the game: CHEAT and at least see all mobs, levels, items, texts and the ending fight and song. Getting there by cheating will open your eyes on how IMPOSSIBLE it is to complete this game.I suspect many players having completed the game cheated, too, but don't want to admit it. I can think there's some special person who actually could do this feat but, many most probably aren't that ""special"", but just like me. A very mediocre player."
,Not Recommended,268870,24362103,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Faws,"The multiplayer is region-locked. It may not be a problem for most people, but I usually play with people from across the sea. If you're not going to change that in a near future would be nice to have at least a warning.  Since the co-op was the biggest selling point for me I can't avoid feeling let down.I will change this review if the region-lock is removed."
,Recommended,268870,16856976,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,madگlotteя,This game will rule once the multiplayer co-op gets going.
,Recommended,268870,17812134,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,cr0mag,Brilliant game based on the '93 classic 'syndicate'
76561198038688310,Recommended,268870,17764828,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,memoriamachinari,"It's Syndicate Wars. And if i may be so bold, IT IS BETTER THAN SHADOWRUN. I grew up playing the original Shadowrun for SNES and Sega as well as the Syndicate Wars for PC and PS1. That being said, this is the most faithful modern re-creation of the aforementioned cyber-punk games. Very well done shooting and squad management system that is nostalgic and fun. I love the newer PC Shadowrun games, but that tactical grid based♥♥♥♥♥♥is whack. Play Satellite Reign in honor of the old times and blast NPCs the way they were meant to be blasted."
76561197961901955,Recommended,268870,17810047,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Crusader,Syndicate Wars but alot better.
76561197991303896,Recommended,268870,17813605,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,TDuke,This is a good game. It deffo has the syndicate feel to it. Haxing ATMs and researching plasma mini guns :)
,Recommended,268870,17757201,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Nirvana,"Excellent game, reminds me of my childhood playing Syndicate. Well worth buying."
76561197979109972,Recommended,268870,17807931,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Ayhak,"Having lots of fun with it so far, no major tech issues and a whole lot of running away"
,Recommended,268870,25512582,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Loopy the Werewolf,"PleaseThis game very badly needs a difficulty settingI love this game, and I loved Syndicate (its ancestor), but I’m stuck because the difficulty is just set too high.    Every path is now blocked and I cannot advance.  I have 2 missions left in the first sector (Wyvern and Dracogenics.)  I cannot complete either of them by fighting, because my guys are too weak.  I cannot complete them by stealth because even the tiniest mistake means you get caught and die, and get degraded, and it took hours to get that far.  I cannot go do easier missions in order to level up and get stronger, because there are none.    I cannot research any better tech or gear because I have no money.   I could theoretically turn the game on and go knit for a few hours and wait for money to accumulate, but at that point it crosses the line of being a game you “play.”I am not a hardcore gamer, but I’m not a casual, I play video games several hours each night.Please put in a difficulty setting so that people who are less clever, less sharp and less brilliant can nevertheless still enjoy it"
76561198006917383,Not Recommended,268870,24635328,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,King Doom,"For those who want a short, snappy review:This almost beats Masters of Orion 3 as my most regrettable gaming purchase.I love Syndicate. I long ago lost track of how many weekends I spent on my SNES, happily using the Persuadatron to mind control drones, and later I did pretty much the exact same thing with Syndicate Returns on the Playstation (never did find the Graviton Gun). I was utterly delighted when I found out a game billed  as a spiritual successor had been released and as soon as I could, I snagged a copy.And now I kinda really, really wish I hadn't.The game is supposed to be set up so you can go through in two different ways - guns blazing, old school cyborg killing machines slaughtering everything or stealthy, in and out before anyone ever knows you were there. I decided to try the stealthy approach (the game actually encourages this, you get more experience for your goon squad by sneaking into places. Hell, there's a string of achievements for doing it!) but good god it is AWFUL.One of the main rules about making games is that the player should always be involved - you should always have something important happening for him/her to react to. There really shouldn't be a point where the player has so little to do they think 'why am I playing this?' Well, if you try and go stealth, that's exactly the question you'll be asking yourself as you sit there waiting for the various guards to sloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooowly make their way somewhere else. I have a book here. To read while I wait for the AI pathfinding to decide to move the NPC guards away from the place I need to go. At no point in a video game should the person playing feel the need to pick up a book to keep entertained while waiting.I suppose I should give a few points for actually setting up random pathing for NPC's instead of just having them patrol the same route for all eternity though. It even spawns different NPC's every time you load. The developers were obviously trying to keep things from getting too dull and to give the game some replayability (the various weapons and items you can aquire are randomised as well, or so I've been told). I just wish the NPC's didn't also seem to have randomly determined sight and hearing as well - sometimes the guards can't see you if you are stood right in the open twenty feet down the road directly in front of them and sometimes they can see you from off the screen and through the wall you are trying to hide behind.I don't think I'd be too bothered about all of the above save for one thing - the save system is completely awful and probably the worst I can think of. You need to be near relay beacons to save. Okay, save points. There are plenty of them, and you can warp directly to them. That's not so bad, right?Well, you can only warp to them if you A. have all your team alive, B. not under attack or C. not trespassing. Whenever you go into a mission area, you are most likely going to be trespassing. See where I'm going with this? (Here's a hint: go reread the bit about randomised NPC's, I'll wait here. Done? great!) You want to sneak into somewhere, you can't quicksave, so you can't chop it up into managable little bits, you need to do the entire section in one go. Trial and error time, right? Oh, wait, no, because the NPC's change where they are everytime you reload! It pretty much comes down to pure luck, and that's a slow and miserable way to do things.There's also the obvious problem of not being able to save if you need to leave suddenly or whatever - you can't pick this up for a quick five minute session, set aside an hour or so or just don't bother.What else? well, the graphics aren't utterly terrible. They aren't amazing, and the way the camera pans slowly from side to side doesn't help. At all. It's actually giving me a headache. It does look all retrofuturey cyberpunkish but it just looks utterly washed out. It's raining, of course - pretty sure there's a rulebook somewhere that states any game in a dystopian future is only allowed to have scenes set in the rain at night.All told, for anyone who wants a game like Syndicate, you could always snag an emulator from somewhere and play the actual SNES version instead.Edit: Okay, like ten minutes after I type the review and I'm back, I need to add this in: There literally are psychic guards in the game. I just spotted one who couldn't have seen my team at any point suddenly stop patrolling, turn around and run right over to where everyone was hidden and only then stop and turn on the 'Gosh, these people aren't supposed to be here!' orange flashlight of doom. This wasn't 'oh, I got a bit too close and he spotted me', this was 'he suddenly knew where we were from across the compound while my team was hiding behind a wall that was itself behind a second bigger wall'."
76561198132476688,Recommended,268870,14068482,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Alf,"I stopped playing this game for a while after initially buying it in early access and I am blown away by how much progress this small indie studio has made in such a small amount of time. Gameplay has improved, loads of content has been added, the game has been substantially optimized and loads of bugs have been fixed.So what is it? Short answer: it's a reboot of the original 1994 Syndicate. For those of you that haven't played the original Syndicate: It's a cyberpunk themed game where you command a specialized team of agents. I guess you could call it a RTS with action and stealth elements. As you play your agents gain skills, you research new weapons and technology and can outfit your agents with augments.The developers have created a very believable dystopian future city that you can explore, do missions in, sneak around in, fight in, and in some cases manipulate systems in to give you an edge over rival corporations and security forces.You have to play this game for at least a few hours to appreciate why it is so good. It reminds me of Deus Ex in that the more you upgrade and outfit your agents the more possibilities you have in terms of infiltrating compounds. It's up to you whether you'd like to go in guns blazing or if you'd rather take a carefully planned approach.For example, you can hack an enemy drone and let it fly past all security to check the place out before you go in. Then you can have the drone attack key security cameras that you'll need to get past. The enemy will destroy the rogue drone, but they'll have no idea you were controlling it. Then you send in your infiltrator, using stealth to avoid being seen, climbing through vents, and picking off lone guards with melee attacks and a silenced sniper rifle. The tactics in the game are really deep and really well thought out.The only criticism I have is that I'd like the clone, augmentation and inventory management interfaces to be revamped to feel more tactile and impactful. Augmentations were a big part of the original Syndicate and it feels a bit hollow in this game.Overall though, great game!"
76561198009965591,Recommended,268870,23991377,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Amy Tazenda,Very Syndicate-esque.  If you liked Syndicate then you'll probably like this :)
,Recommended,268870,21368948,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Amr0d,"Considered that I only paid 12€ on one of the Steam Sales this is a must have for every Syndicate fan. Although there a some minor bugs this not only looks great but plays great as well. The only thing I can complain about is the lack of updates and upcoming content. If you want to spend some hours in a great indie game you should go for this one.Pros- nice graphics- nice story- soundtrack- arsenal, research and lots of stuff to equip your agents withCons- sometimes your agents won't find the right way to their target location (happened only on long distances)- very few glitches where cars drove in circles while glitching a few pixels- AI shoots against walls or tries to run shortest way possible which ends up with guards running against walls. (also happened only a few times but it's there)"
,Recommended,268870,17796116,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,PunchclockHorrors,Cyberpunk city thats actually pretty to look at with the pleasant sounds of people getting blown apart with gunfireAlso get the combat stims you weenies
,Recommended,268870,19122229,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Neeki,"In short, spiritual successor to Syndicate and Syndicate Wars.If you liked Syndicate games, you will definitely like Satellite Reign. It's improved visually and technicly. The world seems more live. Plus, it's always so satisfying to use grenades as a gate openers :D"
76561197994168154,Recommended,268870,19099779,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Gera Ioe,"Pretty surprized by the game - real-time tactics, nice setting. The visuals - Shadowrun should be like this."
76561198217613373,Not Recommended,268870,20082107,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DrRobot,"On a quad core, with 4GB or ram, and samsung evo SSD, it takes 3 minutes to load  from desktop in a linux machine, 2 minutes to load from saved. It takes 1 minute to die by the moment one guard or a camera is alerted by you presence, or two minutes to escort you outside where you penetrate.When you are seen, everyone and their aunt will come to shoot at you. If you fire back, so will drones. A gazillion buttons are assigned to do the most obvious things on the most obviously wrong and counter-intuitive manner, such as 'a' attacks if you press 1, 2, 3 or 4 and then click on one out of the 10 who attack you, provided that you had pressed space so that guns are at hand.Of course, if you like to move around the map with ""awsd"" keys (and not the cursors), sorry, but  ""a"" will still be attached to ""attack"" and next you click, will draw a gun, shoot around and then there come ten to get you lynched. You see, if you shoot here, it is perfectly normal for EVERYTHING in town to come and shoot at you 3-4 blocks away, despite the fact that they don't see you if you are against a wall and pass nearby.I played the original on an amigaa and liked it. Now, this hits me in the nerves! Got an idea: other than press 1, then a, then click on the target, why not add a petition form faxed to the developers to complete the beaurocracy you call game mechanics?Is this city somewhere in Greece? it reminds me of our public sector: too many things for you to do, for too little to happen over a veeeeery looooong period of time.Seriously, xcom being turn based has simpler an interface than this being real time!"
,Recommended,268870,35155913,Posted: 23 September,all,Framelynx,"WHEN BALDURS GATE MEETS SYNDICATE WARS!Solider = Warrior, Infiltrator = Thief, Support = Healer, Hacker = WizardI loved Syndicate Wars. I love cyberpunk. This is the perfect spiritual successor to SW! Hate the ending though. I loved everything about the game except sometimes the positioning of the agents glitch and they end up getting stuck in the walls, stairs, debris.I really enjoyed coordinating an awesome attack and strategy. There's so much depth. I don't get why some people don't get it. It's really cool at later stages where you can go into bullet time, and make the agents pull off some Matrix style mayhem with a combo of silent attacks, sword chop, mind control, drone hacks and good old assault rifle. The art style is awesome - reminds me of blade runner the game. The music is bad♥♥♥♥♥ Missions get tougher and tougher but do-able. There's so many ways to approach the problem. Lots of replay ability. After finishing he game you get bullet time for free instead of upgrading it (reflexes).This game is so true to cyber punk lore it's astounding - if you like everything from Neuromancer to Deus Ex HR.For all its flaws and glitches it's one of my favourite games. It's amazing that a team so small pulled of something so awesome."
76561197996174884,Not Recommended,268870,34762476,Posted: 5 September,all,Dartinin,"I hate this game. It has brought out a rage in me that few other games can. The pathfinding is some of the worst I've ever seen, they run into enemy territories or straight into closed doors and just stand there doing nothing. The Enemy AI is so idiotic that you can lose them by walking through a door and just standing on the otherside. The game has a few possibly game breaking glitches that trap you into lead pipes or other objects that you can walk into but not ever escape and if you happen to find your whole party trapped and no enemies patrol around where they are .. well you get to start everything you did up to that point again (you cant same in enemy territories and this tends to happen in those.) The AI is constantly moving out of cover to stand right in the middle of enemy gun fire and refuse to fire on the enemy that is pistol wipping him just taking it like a champ. And to add onto the fustration caused by the idiotic AI the lazy devs put seemingly no time into, you cant pause action .. so im constantly struggling to get my guys to stay in $##$#$ cover ! while having to tell them what of the 10 enemies that are firing at us i want them to shoot at ... couldnt you at least put some sort of defend yourself action in the god dame game ! or at least make it so they dont run into the bullets ! I hate this game while wanting to love it ... i kept trying to get into it .. again and again i would try and find that each time i have to quit before i punch a hole in my wall. You ... should have shown more respect to the world you made ... but how this game is and knowing it will never change ... all i can say is you ruined this game by slacking off on the AI and refusing to add basic things like a pause time feature (and the ablity doesnt count when i need to use that same dude as my healer and it drains his energy rapidly)"
,Recommended,268870,35322180,Posted: 29 September,all,coprolite,"A solid decendent of Syndicate, complete with vaguely-communicated mechanics that you figure out inconsistently through random accidents, with awesome Blade Runner graphics and lots of ways to spec out your team.  Mostly bug-free (sometimes, rarely, your character will get stuck in geometry; it is possible to get weird or missing mission log text).  No hand-holding.  People get confused by this game, but if anyone thinks the game is too hard, read my guide at the end here.  The combat and infiltration mechanics are pretty awesome when you figure them out, and the game is pretty imbalanced if you wanna min-max your team.  Being able to see the electrical grid and use it to disable things was cool. Figuring out how to overcome or bypass infinitely-spawning mechs and hoards of elite mobs with shields and heavy weapons was satisfying even if it's OP.  Despite what some reviewers say, stealth is absolutely viable and even OP.. once you develop your team to use it.  The weapons you choose don't really matter but I give strong preference for ones that are silenced, which is most of them if you acquire the right gun mods.Here is a simple OP guide for building your team to handle any situation by giving you multiple ways to escape or defeat any combat roadblock.  This is legitimately imbalanced so also definitely SPOILERS.  Note that each of these requires you to level up your characters to support it, or to spend the time to research and deploy the appropriate supporting mods, items, and weapons.1) ALWAYS research and carry Grenades and deployable Ammo Packs.  Do this as soon as possible.  Ammo Packs replenish Grenades.  Two people with Ammo Packs replenish eachother's Ammo Packs.  Infinite Grenades makes you into an artillery squad.  Enemies are infinitely respawning, so there are diminishing returns to engaging in war, so make sure you at least can win.  Infinite grenades blow up infinitely respawning enemies forever until you get bored of it.  They also are absurdly effective against every door and turret and sentry gun and mech and generator in the game.  Brokely OP.Secondary Good Ideas:2) ALWAYS research and install character mods to support moving through vents.  No enemy in the game can use vents.  It is OP and guarantees disengagement from the current combat.3) ALWAYS research and carry cloaking items.  You can walk right through any enemy in the game and it usually guarantees escape.4) ALWAYS buff your character's energy regeneration.  Most of the special abilities in the game rely on it.5) ALWAYS research and carry silenced weapons.  Taking out cameras will still trigger a suspicious investigation, but it makes it substantially easier to dissect your way through any fortification.6) ALWAYS research and carry at least one Smoke Grenade.  Enemies shooting you at point blank range cannot target you in a cloud and guarantees disengagement from combat, at least for a few seconds.  Pop a Smoke and press Cloak and walk away from giant mechs and dozens of assorted assailants.7) ALWAYS buff the class ability that slows down time.  Only one of your characters gets it, but it is the most useful character ability in the game.  Buffing energy regeneration is critical to supporting this ability.8) If you want to level up your characters faster, unlock grenades and ammo packs as soon as possible.  Go stand near any enemy spawn point and mortar the crap out of them for an hour or so.  Character XP is specific to who gets a kill, so give whichever characters you want to level up a Grenade so they can rack them up.'"
76561198003976697,Recommended,268870,19813213,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,evilaliencarrot,If u played old game syndicate this is a must have. cyberpunk fun.
,Not Recommended,268870,17779444,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ridrith,"Combat isn't where it needs to be and since that's something you'll be doing a lot of, I think it's a pretty big deal when the combat is as dull and boring as it is right now.  It's a matter of sinking down behind cover and witteling away at each other.  The lack of a 'pause' action is a TERRIBLE design choice as well.  It's needed when the enemies just sit there and spam attacks endlessly, not really using any tactics beyond that.  Controlling four players with unique abilities and each having their own 'niche' to fill during a combat encounter makes for a more frustrating experience than a fun one sadly."
76561198019695145,Recommended,268870,17887421,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,WolkenKatz,"It's the original Syndicate, but it's not. It's better."
76561197993261172,Recommended,268870,17870096,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Entropy,"So I bought this as soon as it came out of early access and so far it has been great. Very cool cyberpunk atmosphere, an open world, good selection of abilities and equipment, and lots of other things that all add up to one excellent game.I particularly like how every mission can be approached in multiple ways. For example say you have a mission to go steal a prototype piece of equipment, well you can just run in guns blazing and hope you can fight your way through waves of guards and steal it. If that isn't your style you could pay an informant that might lead you to an employee who will, with the right incentive, unlock a back way for you to fight through more easily. Heck, maybe you like stealth and would prefer not to fight anyone, well you can do that too.I do however have a couple things that I am not the hugest fan of but in reality are relatively minor. My biggest gripe is that the game does not make it very clear as to how far or what the guards can see, and sometimes that can make stealth a bit of a pain. Also I find that often when entering and exiting stealth your selected unit will get confused if you try to give it a command immediately afterwards, which when you are short on time can lead to being spotted out by a guard.All in all though, Satellite Reign is a unique experience and worth checking out. If you are on the fence and looking through reviews to see if you should buy this game, all I can say is that I have been having a blast so far and that it was money well spent.I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,268870,17888084,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gorbon Nowley,"Solid game, got 35 hours first play through. Probably won't play it a second time because there doesn't seem like much replayability to be had.Few annoying bugs here and there where one of your toons might get stuck somewhere. Some mission text still has errors.No way to lock your toons into place and combat requires a whole lotta clicks so your will find yourself swearing at your screen from time to time as your dudes run outta cover and generally do all sorts of silly shiat in a firefight.It's an RTS / RPG sorta game, so no combat pause, no quicksave/quickload. I liked that, it made your decisions in game carry much more weight.Otherwise had a bit of fun."
76561197996192930,Recommended,268870,17900677,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Durienne,"This game is a solid evolution of the old Syndicate games.  If you like cyberpunk style games in the vein of Shadowrun series of games, then you should enjoy this game.The game consists of running missions to infiltrate various corporate style bases in a future noir setting using a variety of techniques including hacking, stealthing, acrobatics or just plain old blasting your way in  and out.Each mission typically has a number of different ways to complete the mission in addition to more difficult playing parameters which offers some replayability.The most impressive thing about the developers is they are typically responsive to the needs and desires of the player base.  One particular example involves how the default game runs in a real time only mode without an ability to pause during combat which was a source of frustration for some of the player base.  In response the Devs promptly patched in an optional solution allowing a skill of one of the classes to max out at the beginning of the campaign in order to provide a time slowing feature to make it easier to assign squad mate commands.There were really only 2 cons of this game for me.  The first was the initial lack of the missing option as mentioned above, since the ""real time all the time"" combat made it impractical to use many of the squad member skills since you had very little time to react. Later on this gets easier if you devote a fair number of skill points to the support class stim skill to slow down real time combat.  The most recent patch effectively removes this con IMO.  The second involves the lack of simple AI responses for your party.  This can become problematic in the real time combat as they often do not respond to being shot at in favor of just standing still in one place.  You have a short period of time to direct your characters before they start to die off so this made the combat function a bit too abrupt and limited.  The addition of the built in slow down combat mitigates this well so you can micro manage your squad much more effectively.Overall this is a very fun game and you could do a lot worse for $30 and it's even better if you catch it on sale."
76561198018902841,Recommended,268870,17893453,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Excellion,"TL;DR:Visually one of the best designed game worlds i have seen in a while, and one with solid gameplay to boot. If you can forgive a few glitches and some occasional NPC stupidity it is well worth the price. See the “The Verdict” section for a short list of pro’s and cons.Intro - What is the game about?Satellite Reign takes place in a cyberpunk world ruled by corporations rather than governments. Your objective is to to overthrow the Dracogenics company and overtake their resurrection network of satellites. This is mostly a background for the game though - during the game the story itself is thin so do not expect an opus magnum quality novel. A few spoken notes at the start of each district and some background text from hacked terminals is pretty much al the story that is availible.You play the game as a squad of four characters, each with its own specialization and talents. You are free to upgrade your characters as you wish – a single play trough will most definitely not unlock all their skills – even half may be out of reach. Aside from that you customize their weapons, tools, armor and the like. These tools partially mimic other class abilities so you can create a pretty neat customized squad, perfect for your playing style.The gameplay itself resolves around breaching ever-more-difficult compounds on the map, looting them for money and gear prototypes you can then use to support your own soldiers. Money can either be spend on new weapons or researching the gear you found so you can duplicate it. Aside from that it is only used for bribes to make objectives simpler or to bypass sections of the game.Infiltration – Silent as a shadow or loud and clear?Infiltrating compounds can be done through both stealth and brute force, both of which have their advantages and disadvantages. Going silent allows you to bypass difficult fights entirely, but being caught can be quite lethal. Going loud could get you swarmed with enemies, but it will create a clear path with little surprises behind you.Both paths are surprisingly well developed and complemented by the available gear and skills. Players focusing on stealth will develop skills that allow them to access high vents  and ziplines, which can bypass areas of the map. Loud players will not want to waste points on these skills and will instead take a different path using skills that increate damage. Regardless of your gametype there are always multiple paths to a single objective, which always creates a tactical consideration: Will I just blow up those turrets and then fortify myself for a fight, or so I take one of those two routes around them and risk being spotted and ganged up by half the base?The verdict – Pro’s and Con’sProsOpen world gameplay:  The entire world is accessible from the start of the game and there is no loading screen whatsoever during gameplay, not even when switching zones in the city.Outstanding visual quality: The world is exceptionally well designed. Visual quality is very high, and of such variety that you will have difficulty finding area’s that look alike.Customization: The character customization can personalize a squad to your wishes, with sufficient options to make them feel “Unique”Replay value: My stealth and loud games feel sufficiently different to warrant another playtrough. Even a third which mixes skills from both might be an option.Well optimized: My current system is medium specced at best. The game runs flawlessly with a high framerate trough, and looks very appealing.Playing around: Hijacking 5 citizens and setting them on a guard is never boring, nor is causing a fight between two corporations. Neither will luring a set of guards to a spot with gunfire before throwing a grenade get old. Plenty of tactics around that are fun just because they are possible.NeutralGame time: My first stealth game took about 40 hours to complete, though I did play around with the game world a lot rather than progressing. My second loud playtrough is going faster. All in all I suspect most players will find around 20-30 hours’ worth of time in a single play trough. Less if you are rushing, more if you are playing around.ConsThe AI:  The AI in the game can be rather dumb at times. If you find a dead body you shouldn’t charge in on your own. If you are in a gunfight, you don’t pell-mell trough the gunfire to take cover near the enemy. If you chase an enemy at the heart of your base you don’t search a minute on your own and return to patrol afterwards without even raising the alarm.Pathfinding: You will see NPC’s running into closed doors or standing in from of them without taking the 10 second detour around. You will see your men cut corners to shortly only for them to stagger into the terrain. You will see your own soldiers and enemies run into standing cars. It is not always a problem, but often enough to take note off.Glitches: Hijacked civilians can run through closed doors if they sprint to them. Citizens entering vents can end up exiting in mid-air instead of the other end. Positioning between walls and objects can glitch you inside the building or wall. Again somewhat rare and you can always correct it yourself, but definitely an immersion breaker.The open world: The world is well designed, but feels somewhat devoid of objectives at times. You travel trough it to reach compounds and wander around it for ATM's, terminals and scientists and the occasional quest objective. These are one-off's though. A few procedurally generated and repeatable side missions to assasinate a squad or breach an enemy compound might have been fun to keep wandering around more interesting.All in all I can heartily recommend this game both at a discount and at its full price. Visually the game is excellent. Both the gameplay and level design is done well enough to support a variety of tactics and play styles – there is no “Only” or “Best” way to play the game. If you can forgive its quirks and glitches it will make up with the rest it has to offer."
76561198022307146,Recommended,268870,17833080,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mifu,"Очень симпатичная игра. Напоминает и синдикат, и коммандо.Город, разделённый на районе. В реальном времени ходят патрули, прохожие.  Можно их даже спровоцировать на перестрелку между собой. И наши четверо агентов - солдат, хакер, ""саппорт"" (поддержка) и ""разведчик"". Задачи - убить кого, пробраться на базу и вынести новый пистолет и т.д. Можно пробраться незаметно, можно, хотя и трудно, пострелять всех, можно промыть мозги прохожему и расстрелять им видеокамеру, заведомо зная что его убьют.Есть особые элементы окружающей обстановки - всякие пульты управления, генераторы, провода по которым можно скользить.Есть апргейд агентов - установить киберулучшения, новое оружие. Но после первой ""смерти"" агент теряет бонусы к точности, здоровью и т.д. Можно поймать прохожего (а лучше солдата) и промыть ему мозги, сделав агентом.В общем приятная, неторопливая игра."
76561197970617429,Recommended,268870,17877619,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Quemo,"Hello guys,my first review here on Steam, so go easy on me. It will be a short review.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------First: 8/10This game is all in all pretty great. I was first considering not to buy it at all - I didn't know what I will get from buying this.It's a game like the older game 'Commander' (was it called like that?), were you  command your soldiers behind enemy lines in an isometric view. Every soldier for themselves with special features and tricks. Not like Company of Heroes!But this game happens in the future, with loads and lots of loadouts and gear and other crazy stuff. There's almost no voicing story but some short texts - reading is the most thing you'll need to do to get behind the story.The gameplay is pretty great - there is no pausebutton were you can give your soldiers a command. But your supportunit can slow down time to help you with that. But don't get me wrong - you can always press escape and pause into game menu, but you can't give any commands here! It makes this game all in all a bit more challenging - talking about challenge: the game is not easy. But it is fair. Shooting your way through will not be possible, you really need to be strategic and consinder different tactics.It is an open world game - so you can do sidequest after sidequest before going to other districts and do your job there.Conclusion:Buy it, if you liked XCOM. Buy it, if you like strategy games with being tactical. Buy it, if you need something to fill the gab until XCOM 2. Buy it if you love a future setting.8/10!"
76561198032595191,Recommended,268870,17889546,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Obliv,
76561198013832471,Recommended,268870,17880786,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Beaver Joy,"If you never played Syndicate I could compare this to X-com but as a RTS in an open world. At 30 hrs of play time I seem to be about half way through. I play slow though and take my time reading and exploring. I would recommend this game to anyone that likes ARPGs, RTS's, Strategy, or Action games. The game could use a bit more tutorial than it has but I was able to figure it out so you probably can."
,Recommended,268870,17905448,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Grimmblut,"I've finished the game and it's quite nice. In some aspects, especially combat and planning it's better than Shadowrun Returns. Nice graphics, almost no bugs and no crashes. Low replay value, though. The story is meh and immersion is low. If you can get it at a nice discount and like Shadowrun Returns or the old Syndicate games, than this is a game for you."
76561198046665186,Not Recommended,268870,28611450,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Fatal Pastry,"I was excited for this game and hoped it would be good, and when I finally got it in the steam sale I couldn't wait to play it. Unfortunately, it was far below my expectations. It's rare a game makes a bad enough impression in a short enough time for me to refund it, but this game pulled it off.TL:DR at the start: Game sux, I refunded it.Longer Review:At first the game seemed fun, like a sandboxy commandos-esque awesomefest. I love cyberpunk in general and cyberpunk games with RPG bits especially, so it had already found a way into my heart. The tutorial made the game seem good, everything worked and I didn't see any of the bugs or control issues people reported in the early access. And then the game proper started and it♥♥♥♥♥♥itself.This was my experience: I attempted to sneak into a location, some corporate warehouse whatever. On my first attempt, I slipped past the cameras, and herded my agents/cats into a corner to wait for a patrol to pass. As it did, it left one man behind, and I thought ""Perfect! Stealth kill time, I'll pick them off one by one"". Then I hit the stealth kill command, and my agent spun around three times and unloaded a clip into the box beside her, alerting every guard in the world to my location. I was swarmed and reloaded a save.Then came strike two: Loading a save puts you back at a checkpoint anyway! To me at least, this game seems like one rife with experimentation; all stealth games are. Yet if my experimenting leads to failure and I die or reload, I just get sent back to the start of the level anyway? That sounds insufferably annoying.After I made my way back, came strike three: I shot out a camera. I did not realize that this was, in fact, the greatest crime that would be committed within a century of my purchasing of this game. I had been warned that shooting out cameras would attract attention, I'll admit. I had not been warned ""attention"" meant nuclear countermeasures. Every guard in the level swarmed me. Dropships sent in elite troops. The Future Navy Seals sent in every man they had, plus some kind of terminator/rambo hybrid armed with a minigun shooting rockets. Even employees of the rival company of the facility I was infiltrating showed up to stop me. Finally, they all just decided ""♥♥♥♥ it"" and glassed the entire city to stop my heinous rampage of destroying 1 camera. I felt this was slightly excessive. Exaggeration aside, the level of response to this, and I assume every violation of stealth, was insane. I enjoy playing stealth games through my mistakes, but it feels incredibly intimidating knowing one ♥♥♥♥up with call down the entire wrath of the world's militaries.Finally, after receiving another sound thrashing, and beginning to question whether this $6 was worth it, the game decided to answer me with a fourth strike. Along the way to try again, I stood next to the door to a restricted area. I did not enter it: I was standing in the street. I don't know if a camera spotted me through the wall, or if the guards are just that paranoid, and I don't care anymore. All I know is, despite doing nothing and standing in the middle of the street, and alert was sounded, and for the third time in an hour every guard in the entire level began swarming my position.I closed the game, saw I had played 111 minutes thus far, and took it as I sign that the universe wanted me to refund it. So I did."
76561198361685995,Not Recommended,268870,33248598,Posted: 4 July,all,messerschmidt,"Can't even begin to say how disappointed I am with this game, as a big fan of Syndicate and Syndicate Wars. I don't have a beast of a machine, but I do have a machine capable of running games with far larger requirements than this. Playing this game even on the lowest settings basically runs it in slow motion (like 70 or 80% it's intended speed) - not to the point where it's impossible, but to the point where it is incredibly tedious.As other's have said this appears to be because of very poor optimisation. I couldn't play much of the game, but otherwise it looks very nice but feels very different to Syndicate to play. I really couldn't recommend this to anyone who doesn't have specs much much greater than those recommended in system requirements (as I have specs significantly higher than those in the recommended column). Frankly because of these optimisation issues, I wouldn't buy other games from this dev as this feels incompetently finished."
,Not Recommended,268870,32627395,Posted: 21 June,all,Wiawyr,"What a piece of trash.Terrible optimization, terrible controls, terrible AI, terrible scripting. It wants to be Syndicate the RPG but it fails too hard at every aspect it attempts; Bullfrog did things TWENTY FIVE YEARS ago that this game utterly fails at. The developers have abandoned it despite it being nearly unplayable.Absolute ♥♥♥♥♥how, terrible job on Valve's part even leaving this garbage on their store."
76561197999597024,Not Recommended,268870,17788324,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,paksas,"For a tactical game, this one deals a really bad hand:- ABOVE ALL: broken AI- no ability to rotate the game camera- saturated color and heavy bloom make it difficult to see what's going on- no 'tactial map' or 'active pause' feature that would help plan and execute the assaults on heavily guarded areas- it just doesn't have that 'thing' that would make you yearn for more...A word on broken AI, because this is what eventually made me put the game away.The game teaches you  about cone of visions of the enemies. Each NPC ( be it a soldier, a drone or a camera ), sports a 'flashlight' sort of thing that shows where it's looking and how to avoid it.A key thing when it comes to sneaking past them, which the game stronly encourages you to do.But they don't work - as a matter of fact the only check the game seems to make when checking if you're seen by an enemy is a distance check.So after a number of failed attempts to sneak past a few guards in one of the protected areas, I gave up.Gonna wait for when those issues are fixed and play then, but right now, I don't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,268870,17827182,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,lolotech,"To be honest I am quite disappointed with the purchase. There is probably a very good reason why, even the people who gave this game a positive review their average play time on record is 20 hours or less…Pros:1. nice scenery2. Very retro soundtrackCons1. No pause for combat considering there’s only 4 team squad (soldier, support, hacker, infiltrator) and most of them are relatively squishy2. There is no AI, he/she will literally stand there and be shot to death, and I thought if I at least drew my weapon he’d shoot back, nope…3. The stamina bar is remarkably short considering the AI tends to run and get stuck walking into walls or corner of stairsWith the inability of the ai to auto fire let alone provide overwatch/support, this game is 100% a stealth game, scratch the strategy and action tags...  if your found out, you have to run, out of the restriction zone and hide, chances are one of your team will die from derping it out with a wall and the 5 seconds revive or die timer will run out along with your short burst run timer.I will try to keep playing this. try..."
76561198028098968,Not Recommended,268870,17785546,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,jerome_paul,"I really want to like this game, but it's just mediocre.I play on a laptop without a mouse and controlling 4 charaters with all their attendant special commands is not much fun.   Might be managable with a full  keyboard and mouse.As for the rest of the game cloning is clunky deadtime and always getting asked to confirm changes when none were made just lacks polish.   Stealth I'll be clear for me it just doesn't work and furthermore changing weapons quickly when the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan is not easy enough.Basically if your looking for an improved modern syndicate keep looking"
76561198018221953,Not Recommended,268870,17818573,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,arnaud_defrance,"After playing through it... I wouldn't recommend it. The game has a lot of potential and seemingly a lot of content, but it's bogged down by countless game-breaking bugs and irritating ones. Pretty much any defeat can be put down to the buggy UI, with stuck characters, not responding ones, pathfinding error and so on."
,Recommended,268870,18130656,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Lou,"It's an enjoyable tactical game, set in a fascinating cyberpunk dystopian city.Tool up your team of cyborg agents, and get into the action."
,Not Recommended,268870,28849685,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[RVRS]Ebonrook,"Make sure you live near the people you want to play with. The multiplayer won't work across continents. If only there was some way of connecting with people around the world... some sort of... international network or ""internet"" if you will, that could connect people all over the world.This review is also less sarcastic than the developers were when we came to them with the problem. Don't buy this game or anything else they make. Not worth it.Don't worry though, they will never see this review. They live in a different country."
76561197972039165,Recommended,268870,17756574,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Penny Lee,"OMG, a brilliant game released on a Friday and not a console port!!!!, did we just go back in time to the good old days?  joy to play with KB/mouse once again.  Yes this is sure syndicate in the finest style made very well indeed.  I hope they port this to my Amiga, just need to source a compressed version that fits onto a floppy disc.The game is looking great, sweet class upgrades and research.  Voice and text perform perfect and the animation excellent work.  The tutorial is well made/designed (just like the good old days) and I am so looking forward to see how far they can take this game with DLc as I sure will purchase it all.  Finaly a dev team that knows what they are doing for once and not just pretending with hot airwear.10/10"
,Not Recommended,268870,17813638,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Black Dow,"It saddens me that I find myself giving this game a bad review.  However, it is so poorly optimised that frame rates drop as low as 10-15 fps at times.  This is seemingly random, as there doesn't appear to be any particular graphical effect, or very busy area that causes it, and dropping my resolution and turning off all effects and setting the graphics to low also doesn't resolve the problem.  I may not have the most high-end machine, but it can run games like Elite: Dangerous and Alien Isolation on ultra, and achieve 60 fps with no problem, and GTA V on medium at 60 FPS.  This game should not be taxing my GPU so much that it will drop below 20 FPS even on low graphics settings.Additionally, there are areas where the cover system just does not work. Combine that with a clunky interface and you will often be frustrated by one of your agents running out into the open during a firefight, after you tried to command them to move to a different cover-location.  I could normally work round something like this, but Satellite Reign is so unforgiving that there is absolutely no room for mistakes.There are suggestions that switching to the nightly build of the game might relieve some of these issues, but not so far.  I would wait a while for the devs to do better QA and optimise the damn thing before buying.  If they sort these issues out, or at least either resolve the varying frame rate, or lock it to 30fps, I will gladly change my review to recommend, as it looks beautiful, even if it runs like a dog dragging it's hole across the carpet, the sound design is excellent and the fluff that I've seen so far is great too."
76561198023699445,Not Recommended,268870,17807555,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,kasnavada,"This game is... my second refund on steam. I expected, from the video and screeshots, something like a mix of X-Com and Invisible Inc. What I found is... not that. Not sure what this game is about really.First from the start, the game ""throws"" you in with an introduction made from brief news extracts, and then you start the game itself. No clue why I'm here or what I'm supposed to be doing. I start through the tutorial, shooting a few guards along the way. The tutorial describes sneaking as ""hey, now that you learned to shoot, let's try sneaking, it works too"" or something similar. So I did. Next encounter, the tutorial let me do as I wish and I shot people.Until the ""end"" of the tutorial, the game seems comprised of group of short connected rooms which each propose somewhat of a challenge (I suppose) and then you can go back wherever your ""teleporter which rez people"" are located. The game is very insisting about that part: my agents respawn.Then I suppose I finished the tutorial and got my first mission, ""going to the police station"" (maybe ?). I stopped there.Problem with this game is that its mechanics seem great at doing whatever they're supposed to do (they are responsive, there seem to be a good layer of interaction between the classes and with cover and map objects), but the game doesn't convey ""WHY"", as a player, I should do any of those things.Stealth is the primary offender here. I litterally sat in the front of 2 guards with my 3 agents for 20+ seconds, they did nothing for some reason (the previous guards I found had to be passed or shot on sight), they I got little flashing red thingies when i got my weapons out and I decided to shoot them. None of my agents were even hurt. Is this really a stealth / infiltration game ?Also, It needs more story. Who are these ""guards"" ? What are they guarding ? Do they are from a single corp ? Multiple corp ? Do every guard know my names & face ? Are we in a building or in a street ?Maybe there is a great game 20 hours in. But if the first 30 minutes are so confusing and erratic, that they make me want to leave, there is no point."
76561198009197310,Recommended,268870,17783154,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,xeroshiva1029,Shadowrun's real time counterpart just missing the primary stats (S.P.E.C.I.A.L.)
76561198052971128,Not Recommended,268870,17891208,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,realxavier,Frustration guaranteed. With agents not atacking when you order to. Without save on missions (hours long). With unique unbalanced/useless agents (depending on your way of play).
76561198107644436,Not Recommended,268870,34907625,Posted: 12 September,all,MrDeath,not optimized at allplenty of bugs
76561198004339966,Not Recommended,268870,24569537,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Baratanga,Game is truly♥♥♥♥♥♥ Soldiers stuckts in boxes and other street objects.
76561197981537445,Not Recommended,268870,32030203,Posted: 28 May,all,urbanriot,"At this point I think the game is awful, it feels unfinished, and the controls are brutal. I read people comparing it to Syndicate; It's nothing like Syndicate.There's a tutorial at the beginning that you can't seem to get through until you figure out how to do other than what the game is telling you to do.Right now I'm stuck in the tutorial either because the tutorial is terrible or because of a bug. It feels like a bug because I can't control my characters and I've done what the tutorial tells me to do.I regret this purchase. Will update if that changes."
76561198027785846,Not Recommended,268870,20103611,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ChaosRepeated,"Sadly I'd love to recommend this but I cant.It is close to Syndicate, but a hair to far.The uncanny valley is killing me.Also there is a weird performance issue where when ever there is action it gets laggy as hell.This seems to be the case even on the lowest settings."
,Not Recommended,268870,20143599,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fatigued,Runs like garbage on a system that should run it perfectly. Must be something wrong with my setup as no one is mentioning wide spread issues. Just be prepared to do a refund if you have the same issue. Otherwise the soundtrack was great and I can'y say much else since I couldn't play.
76561197973844803,Recommended,268870,29992766,Posted: 17 February,all,Kyzar Kon,I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE this game.Buggy though...But♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥there is no Lemon Lime/ Braingun Ref.
76561197972698208,Not Recommended,268870,22640690,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Lord Inquisitor,"When I saw this game, I was overjoyed at the prospect of it.  An open world squad command game set in dystopian future?  Sign me up.  However there are many small errors that prevent this game from achieving greatness, and the biggest of these is the ai is completely idiotic.  Your squad will not return fire when being fired at for idiotic reasons."
76561197992001686,Recommended,268870,28572522,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Piasharn,"I played Syndicate (1993), and the game was so brutal that the memories of it are still fresh in my mind.I loaded Satellite Reign, and upon my first glimpse at the game play world, those feelings of dread washed over me like the filthy, gritty rain of LA a la Bladerunner.I haven't even played the game yet. The $4.50 sale was worth the nostalgia flood alone."
76561198019636988,Recommended,268870,17766276,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,PEACEOFWAR,"This game rocks I mean it, I am in love. It looks like a graphics card company made this game, it is that pretty.I highly recommend this to anyone that likes the neat sandbox feel of playing with and increasing skills of a small tactical team, this is for you. If I could click Yes for recommending this game, more than 1 time I would click it 5 times."
76561198038242856,Recommended,268870,17780283,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,[TBR]SureSight1987,"Reading the reviews i can only agree with some of the comparisons, particularly to Syndicate. The 3rd cyberpunk world looks incredibly like the old syndicate games with a few brilliant extras.First of all you play in a city where civilians roam, and the police patrol. Pull a gun out in the streets and you'll be arrested if not shot in the spot. Highjack people to clone then to improve your agents abilities. Go for a full assualt or stealthly hack and silent kill your way through bases to get your objective.There remains to be a Role Play element as well. Agents can be upgraded with skills, weapons can be researched for a price or gambled by equiping it to an agent to use straight away, but risk losing it if they die. Build your company and be ready for the assualt!What my first playthrough here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpwU8cMPxZk"
76561198053447496,Not Recommended,268870,20190890,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Angelito Chavez,"Game consistently crashes.  Can't get past the ""New User"" screen.  Excellent broken game simulator.  Refund request is underway."
,Not Recommended,268870,19269710,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Gizi o v o,"not Syndicate spiritual successor. before talking about the game telling you that. Took some ideas from it, thats all.look good, complex and interesting but its actually the opposite. feels dead ons you get over the shiny.has every bad side effect an open world can bring.and some ore complains.it not bad, but for that price is♥♥♥♥♥♥ especially if what its trying to be the Syndicate spiritual successor which has a more interactive feeling and is older."
,Recommended,268870,17785273,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,zeetu,I hijacked some civilians minds to run into a bank and distract the guards while my hacker broke into the bank. 10/10 would hijack minds again.
,Recommended,268870,17782358,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,PunkZedB,"kidnap cyber skrillex, clone him, and use him to shoot cyber stormtroopers in the back of the head, all to take down cyber walmart."
76561198015556921,Recommended,268870,17777386,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,komboloi25,If U played Syndicate or Syndicate Wars This is MUST HAVE!!!
,Recommended,268870,23738159,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Bagehi,"This is the remake that Syndicate deserved.  It is the right combination of RPG, squad shooter, and strategy game.  If you enjoyed the originals from the 90s, you'll love this.  If you've never played them... probably should skip them and just play this as they're horribly dated at this point.  I hadn't expected much from the novella, because, let's be honest there's a lot of video game related fiction that is just plain awful.  It ended up being a good, quick read, and provided a ton of back story for a game that already has a solid back story.  The game is also just about the right length of time."
,Recommended,268870,23717252,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Lycanthrope,"A game with very enjoyable gameplay mechanics which are, unfortunately, tied together by a very poorly delivered narrative that results in it feeling more like a glorified tech demo of a ""game to be"" than a full-fledged and well-developed game.Finally managed to finish it thanks to the coop beta that breathed some new life into it.Definitely recommend it to those who could overlook its flaws and sincerely hope that the devs release a sequel, albeit one with more life to it."
,Not Recommended,268870,28862543,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,★ unleech,"the concept is good, but the game is buggy. a soldier went to check up on the noise, he came up on me but i was leaning/crouching, he was right there, he didnt see me. he went through me! lol and then some time later, my character got stuck behind a building. he walks and runs but only at place.wouldn't recommend at full price.also the game is laggy! optimization please :)"
,Recommended,268870,17833229,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Zui,"The game is cool and I give it a 7/10 where at least 2 points are because of nostalgia.Gameplay is a bit weak and maybe too easy (not sure yet since only played a couple of hours) because it's simply easier to run away and wait until the alarms cool down than confronting enemies.The city is huge with a complicated power/data network for cameras and terminals that pretty much conditions all the gameplay.I think they should have implemented a minigame for the hacking/hardwiring instead of a tier of difficulty levels to be able to hack them.The teleport system is also lame, they should let you use the roads to drive/ride cars or public transport instead."
76561198022185881,Recommended,268870,17574974,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,michael_dior08,this game has much potential even though it is BADLY in need of audio dialog for the npc and player caricters it is a solid foundation for a potentially awesome game!
,Recommended,268870,20403112,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Julveyo,"The Syndicate in the setting of the Syndicate Wars with the very good graphics but a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine's optimization.The Russel Shaw's music is a PLUS (Syndicate, Syndicate Wars). The real AAA of 90s which doesn't look like an indie project at all.10/10 => MUST HAVE!"
76561198060381196,Recommended,268870,19802813,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,knightgainax,"Have been playing it for a little while. I bought it for two reasons: firstly because I was a fan of Syndicate back in the day, even though I sucked at it and probably still do; and secondly, because a friend of mine tried to get me into the Netrunner card game, which I would have liked to do if I had the cash to burn and the guarantee of regular matches in my MtG loving country.But I digress. This seems pretty cool so far. The system for hijacking agents and cloning them is a bit confusing --- actually, no, it's very confusing, and the un-intuitive interface doesn't help. I'd recommend checking out some YouTube vids explaining it. Otherwise, everything else is easy enough to figure out with a bit of tinkering.It's great fun. I tend to play it as a top-down stealth game, but I'm still rather early in - and I'll explain why momentarily - but on the whole, it's great fun circling compounds trying to find all the access points and planning which route you're going to take and such. It might get to the point later where I'll have to beef up and take a more combative approach to some missions, though.The reason I'm not too far is because the game is fairly stable (on my Windows 10 PC) until I try to load a game. Then a crash is about 50/50 likely to occur. Maybe this has been fixed in the cloth dynamics patch. I'll have to check.But on the whole, if you liked Syndicate, and could do with that kind of gameplay in an open world, be sure to check it out."
76561198073328194,Recommended,268870,17978877,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,tt_sanchez_ortiz,"muy buen juego!!! feliz con mi compra, espero sigan haciendo mas expanciones!!"
,Recommended,268870,17533489,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Deathmar,Its Simple... if you loved any of the syndicate games of old then you need this game in your life!
,Not Recommended,268870,24149763,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Doctor Dank,"I have a powerful PC (i5-3570k at 4.4Ghz, GTX970 overclocked to 1500mhz.) that runs GTAV at 90+FPS on high settings and Doom 4 at 120+ on ultra.This game is lucky to run at a stable 40FPS. The developers recommend turning civilian density down, but not only does this do nothing at all, the setting doesn't stick, so you have to change it every time you launch the game.I have enjoyed what I've played of it, but this kind of performance is inexcusable. This game doesn't look half as good as it should for how utterly abysmal it runs. I will change my review when it has performance more in line with its graphics (which should easily be over 100fps.)"
76561198038660269,Recommended,268870,32629250,Posted: 21 June,all,mickthathick,Enjoyable game that's tricky and rewarding to play. Beautiful visuals! Some bugs :shrug:
76561197970371516,Recommended,268870,17759226,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Mavor,"After playing a couple hours this morning - all I can say is WOW. This is Syndicate Wars reborn in glorious fashion! So many little things from SW, so much nostaglia, the music! I wasnt sure what I was going to think about the game but I am 100,000% happy with what Ive experienced already and I cant wait to dig deeper. If you were a fan of Syndicate Wars pick this up RIGHT AWAY. If you love cyberpunk, Blade Runner and the such, pick this up RIGHT AWAY. I honestly cannot give it enough praise. My hat is off to the devs -I sincerely thank you =)"
,Not Recommended,268870,32167899,Posted: 3 June,all,castrome,i cant even host a damn game... wtf is wrong with this game?  the game crash and it take steam with it...
76561198012388063,Recommended,268870,20233844,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,emontyj,"It's rare to see a remake actually as good as the original felt; without having to play the crappy original. This is good as I remember Syndicate being in the 90's. Fantastic, 5/5 exactly what I wanted."
76561197999077254,Recommended,268870,23626298,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Atrophy Wife,"I'm a newcomer to the series, not having played Syndicate, back in the day. I still enjoyed this game a whole lot.Good gameplay, great art design and soundtrack. Stable build, which was really nice.Solid game, would recommend."
76561198046918126,Recommended,268870,25127341,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,GhenghisWolf,It has replay value.It also feels like you are playing against an AI.It can also make you lose track of time.
,Recommended,268870,19907520,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dar Vender,"If you loved the old syndicate games, get this."
76561198020057540,Recommended,268870,19685951,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,FetiDCheesE (@DnAgamesstudio),Great Game!!! So glad to see something so close to syndicate. Really feels refreshing.
,Recommended,268870,28580562,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,meduzapat,"One of the best game I played after syndicate and syndicate warsIt also works in Linux my favorite OS, impressive work guys!!!"
76561197968116408,Recommended,268870,17966467,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Fishook,"Comming as older gamer who has played the Syndicate titles when they were first released, I was looking forward to this title,  After playing the tutorial part I found it a bit confusing and overwhemed I guess, as I have gotton used to a bit more structure in my titles.But after a few hours of play I have gotton to grips how the game operates, and the punishment for losing a clone is'nt very servere, I would of liked a better introdution to what was Main MIssions and what were side missions at least for a few more missions. I am pleased the developers whave introduced the slow mo stims for players at the start as although I am not using this I can see why people want a real time tactical pause.I can understand if players are confused and frustrated at the start of the game, but please stick at it as its a wonderful game, but It could just do with a bit more user friendly at the start for younger gamers who have'nt played this type of genre before, but I suppose the game was pitched at old gits like me. Hopefully this will sell decent, but I think it was a bad time to release it out of early access. With Metal Gear Solid and Mad Max a similiar time, PC gamers need this style of games, but hopefully this will attract a younger crowd."
,Recommended,268870,29220846,Posted: 13 January,all,CUBE,"Judging by the mixed reviews of late this is either a love or hate game. I personally loved the game although it was hard to ""get into"" initially and it has some flaws. Here my pros and cons:Pros:- Co-op - I have played this game in solo and co-op mode and altough co-op has its connection issues it was still very enjoyable.- Cyberpunk setting - I absolutely love the style in this game. The city feels rich and looks amazing, think TRON.- Different playstyles possible to accomplish goals.- For the elder among us: Syndicate Wars 2.0Cons:- Performance/connectivity issues. The game can feel sluggish/laggy. By lowering my settings (even tough i have better than recommended stats) it ran fine.- Some achievements are fubar. For example: you have to shut down all camera's in one district in one go, since the game wont save or keep track of the ones you already shut down before. So 100%ers better stay clear of this game unless you feel sadomasochistic.Verdict:Overall i enjoyed the game but it has its flaws. I recommend getting this game on sale (7/10)"
76561197984804646,Recommended,268870,18717394,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,anarchaos007,Just finished this game. Bought it after reminiscing over Syndicate and Syndicate wars. This game was well worth the money. Even better than syndicate wars. I dont want to give any spoilers away.I cant even string a sentence together Im so blown away.
76561198048163882,Recommended,268870,18664130,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lufian,Strategic game for cyber goths
76561198072034282,Recommended,268870,18058813,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Adan,"If you are guy who played Syndicate on Amiga 500 you will understand why i give This title 8,7-10This game need multiplayer badly! Co-op missions or so"
76561198086484625,Recommended,268870,27737435,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,"Lo-Lo, the Wireless Owl","It's fun, it's pretty and it's interesting for a while.Co-op is great."
,Recommended,268870,27765250,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jburke,For anyone who played Syndicate/Wars from the 90's this is a must.
,Recommended,268870,24719615,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,quickthyme,"Most excellent game. Can be a little overwhelming at first, but once you figure out how to play, you won't be able to stop. Obviously, if you liked Syndicate you will probably love this for all the right reasons, although it's certainly not required to enjoy and appreciate this masterpiece. Just make sure you have a decent GPU for this one, as there are a lot of high-res textures and dynamic lighting effects. Makes for a gorgeous experience, but one that will easily blow well past the limits of many lower-end and/or older systems."
,Recommended,268870,23923849,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MattDP,"EDIT: after spending ages on a hard section, game crashed without autosave, and i lost all progress. don't have the luxury of spending an hour or so doing it all over again, so this one hits the shelf for now. Also spotting bugs (or ""features""), where everytime i save or do fast travel, everything i've blown up or disable (like cameras), suddently comes on again, effectively making me have to repettitively do the same small parts of the game multiple times.ORIGINAL: Great game for next to nothing in the sale. good graphics, and yes it's quite similar to syndicate."
,Recommended,268870,22539352,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,s0m,Essentially: CyberPunk 2077 time-wasting sim
76561197993492943,Not Recommended,268870,24647135,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Valikar,"Runs very poorly on my system and i have a i7 and a 980ti. There's no ingame way to fix it with settings either, did an hour of research trying to improve performance. Not worth it."
,Recommended,268870,20170277,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jaffers,"EDIT: I'm not too sure what happened but its not crashing anymore. I update my rating to 4.5 because its a lot of fun. It can get a little repeditive although it is made dynamic with the different layouts of each area and figuring out the best method in which to achieve the goal.Crashes constatly, but has some really interesting game play. I will be putting a lot of hours into this 3.5/5 until crashes are fixed"
76561197991560209,Recommended,268870,18627914,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,kaboooom2000uk,"The first 3 hours of playing I noticed a lot of squad pathfinding issues, that said its really great! I am already hooked. They managed to capture the cyberpunk atmosphere perfectly."
,Recommended,268870,20141469,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,i enjoy like ♥♥♥♥ out of this neon urban setting they decided go with
,Recommended,268870,18630996,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Bandit,"Excellent game. Is everything it says it is, no more, no less."
,Recommended,268870,28647664,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,pewpewasaurus,Setting up multiplayer didnt always work and often times when loading just get a black screen....also why no controller support? Controller support would feel much better when using camera
76561198007409592,Not Recommended,268870,29447320,Posted: 23 January,all,Ulfgar Ardo,Could be cool if not for the bugs. More then once a bug wasted an hour of a mission. Do not buy.
76561198060018885,Recommended,268870,19741018,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,warpseam,"I love this game.  The only bad thing is that it finished.  I like the options the game gives you, the combat is fun and dynamic.  Really looking forward to more from these guys"
,Recommended,268870,20984422,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Master Fubar,Fantastic game. Highly recommend.
76561198032088889,Recommended,268870,21066530,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,The MeatRobot,awsome game but the ending sucked not much replay value
76561197968618383,Recommended,268870,19935904,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Earl,"This was one of the nicest surprises in the last couple years: a very athmospheric, surprisingly deep game that combines just the right depth of RTS, RPG and Stealth. Throughout the game, your playstyle can (and, sometimes, must) adapt and there are alway multiple, truly different, ways to achieve the objectives thrown at you. Add to that the well-toned amount of humor that is woven into mostly item descriptions, and you got yourself a great way to have a good time!I rarely experienced such a varied and well-thought-out game and am hoping for a sequel or DLC."
,Recommended,268870,21270942,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Boatgoat1982,"This is greatIf you were ever a fan of the original syndicate or the follow on syndicate wars, then you'll love this.It looks great, plays great and is , overall ... Great"
76561198085590147,Recommended,268870,32210232,Posted: 5 June,all,biomekanika,A worthy successor to the Syndicate games of the 90's.
76561197977211401,Recommended,268870,20026484,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"This is Syndicate, brought up to the modern day, which if you are at all familiar with syndicate should know how good that is.For those that do not, syndicate was a game where you use cybernetically enhanced clone soldiers toting super high tech weapons and equipment to gradually expand your dominance on the world.This game is fantastic in how it has improved over the original.  Things like graphics and UI are obvious, but in the original syndicate you basically had two choices on how to do things, you either strapped your cyborgs up with the biggest weapons you could and marched on the enemy, or used a mind control device to get swarms of civilians, who you then armed and flooded over the enemy.  Or you could do both.This game brings in options like full/soft stealth, completely buying your way past obstacles, and more in depth approaches to combat then simply wading in with big guns, additionally instead of simply being extra bodies to hold guns like in the older games, ""persuaded"" civis and enemies essentially are like entire characters, with thier own skills and abilities and consumables.As an illustration, if there is a door in your way, what do you do?You can blow it up, shoot enough holes in it that it falls down, hack a nearby terminal, hack the door itself which is generally less convoluted but more dangerous, brainwash civilians or enemy soldiers to do it which is less likely to succeed but puts your guys in less danger, create a scene or something similar outside to cause someone inside to investigate and bumrush the door when they open it, completely bypass the door by looking for alternate ways in like venting or ziplines or areas filled with hazards which you can nullify.  Or you can just buy whatever it is you were going to break in there to get, cause you dont have time to♥♥♥♥♥♥around!And that is just to open a door, and there is probably even more options besides that, and a lot of situations have similar amounts of ways you can get around them.But the game is full of really nice features and peices of attention to detail.   For example one of your abilities is to hack the implants in other peoples brains, this lets you take control of them.  If you do that alot then enemies start not knowing who is and is not friendly, because anyone could turn out to be the thing, so they start killing each other off.  This makes sense, makes the enemies seem like more than HP amounts, and is something that doesnt need to be in the game, is never flat out said to be a thing, but makes the game much better for being there.Seriously though, this game I really damn like.It does have some bad points however, the primary one is that it is glitchy as all hell.  This does not seem to be the norm though, and is likely due to me playing on windows 10 (because I like microsoft stealing all of my personal information).But another one is that you only have 4 clones, and each of those clones is a specific class.  You cannot change your class balance.  This is a shame because it gives you less freedom to approach situations as you like.  It is also wierd as the game is built in such a way that each class can do the job you need them to, but each has thier own way of going about it.  This would make sense if you could change your class loadouts.  But because you always have one of each, you will tend to just use whichever way is the shortest distance wise.And the last major one is the cover based combat.  The game is built around cover based combat for you and the enemies.  The only problem with this is that both your soldiers and the enemies often bounce out of cover for no reason, or decide to leave cover to shoot the thing they could have easily shot, or decide to just start shooting the wall they're hiding behind instead of the enemy.  While it effects the enemies as much as it effects you, it is really rather irritating.  Especially once you get into really dangerous gunfights.  The difference between being in cover and not being is surviving well enough to fight back versus being incapped immediately in situations like these, so when one of your guys randomly pops out of cover for no reason he goes down.  The person you try to pick him up with also goes down because of course he does and so on and so forth.  This is rather irritating.There are other minor niggles like UI issues (The ability buttons are close to the bottom of the screen, going to the bottom of the screen disables any targettable ability you are currently targeting, if you click the ""ability buttons"" for instance a lot of the time they will immediately stop because of this), but they can be lived with."
,Recommended,268870,31603293,Posted: 7 May,all,gunkaaa,This game is AMAZING.
,Recommended,268870,23936416,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TrashPandaGrrr,"I've wanted to play Syndicate again but the game definitely shows its age.  This game is great,  just like Syndicate but better!"
76561197969667225,Recommended,268870,20511718,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,DeVore,"I LOVED Syndicate back in the day. This game, by all rights, is Syndicate II and it kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197994123605,Not Recommended,268870,28789307,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,🌌Draugkir🌌,Wonderfull game screwed up by not having turn based combat.What a pitty..
,Recommended,268870,19381382,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,UsagiSensei,"its a great game..... but GOD ♥♥♥♥ING DAMN THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ spent 3 hours watching enemy movement patterns and suddenly they change and i get ♥♥♥♥ed over. shoot a camera, work on moving my agents closer to the now ""safe"" spot, 2 min later, some random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that wasnt there before decides to look in the dark corner where everyone is and shoots them without any warning.i love this game, ok. BUT TURN THE DIFFICULTY DOWN A BIT. i cant do this♥♥♥♥♥♥drunk. 11 hours in and im faced with possibly starting over because ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ i dont rage at games, but there is a vein in my face about to pop.i could ruin the fun by using cheat engine to freeze my hp... but no, i want to play the game right a have random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ npc's come out of nowhere and jam their fists up my♥♥♥♥♥i dont know what to do. i love playing this game, but only 11 hours in and i finally got a 2nd district after giving up on fighting the ♥♥♥♥ing military and buying the pass, just to go to a place even harder, go back and try the ""easy"" places again, just to end up dying because someone decides the shady corner where there's nothing is suddenly suspicious."
,Recommended,268870,28781809,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Crushfield,"Final Mission Setup:==============Self destruct modules, F.R.E.D(respawn), heavy armor, heavy shields, rocket launchers.run, blast, die, explode and repeat until finish. ^_^or you know...you could just sneak in..."
76561198027720272,Recommended,268870,28782760,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Choirboy,"This game is a hard nut to crack, I almost quit it in the beginning, when my agents got stuck in a wall. (Bug) But if you struggle through the learnig curve, Its a fantastic game! Get some playing tips from youtube..."
,Recommended,268870,29781917,Posted: 8 February,all,face,"So I Just FIred the CEO.What a game. Originally a fan of syndicate this was on my radar a long time. I Thank the developers for such a great game.What did i Like: Awsome customability. The agents can be made just like you want. Agressive or stealth. Lots of guns, augs, skills and gears. Open world.  Great story If you bother reading the missions.What I did not like: High learning curve. Starting running into enemy bases is not a sound tactic at first. Got killed ever time. Almost put the game away until i got into the ""rythm"".Experienced no bugs throughout 42 hours gameplay. Except agents got stuck a couple of times.COOP is amazing later on in the game. THe agents have so much skills that its impossible to control them all at once.The singleplayer and multiplayer has the same savegames.Best recommendations.IMPORTANT NOTE: LEARN THE BASIC SKILLS. DO THE TUTORIAL. I did not know takedowns existed until later in game."
76561197971326056,Recommended,268870,29784958,Posted: 8 February,all,Packet,"An excellent return to a cyberpunk dream we envisaged our cyberpunk nightmare would actually become but unlike reality this group RTS cyberpunk puzzle adventure delivers in so many ways.Obviously inspired by games such as syndicate and hawking back to era of less forgiving mechanics this game blends an RTS control scheme with a highly demanding puzzle mentality to provide a highly challenging and compelling journey through a futurist city on the eve of total domination but corporate security & big money, with you the underdog the only one who can save the day.Some raise the high levels of punishment for losing a character in a perma-death system, or the nature of the way we approach these games [as an issue]; always wanting a perfect run [which won't happen] but if you can embrace the risk and dare the challenge the reward can be so much sweeter.Highly recommend the game and additions such as CO-OP play make for an excellent addition in recent months. Mod support for C# coders wishing to try their hand given extensibility even I hope to utilise soon, only extending the shelf like of this hidden gem of a game!"
,Recommended,268870,32353875,Posted: 11 June,all,Sigmoid Freud,"Fantastic game.  Like Syndicate of old, but better mechanics, and a more coherent plot.  I was put off by the somewhat cartoonish appearance of your four primary troops in the trailer videos, but giant, 10 feet long sniper rifles asside, I think this is the best cyber-punk franchise reboot yet released.  My only complaint is it was too short (I have 35 hours on record), expansion packs would be welcome."
76561198025495758,Recommended,268870,25364201,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Fygment,This is what Syndicate Wars would have looked like if it had been built in Untiy with HD graphics.
76561197995192440,Recommended,268870,22173649,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,wanyar snoy,"Good Spin on the sindicate games of old. However nothing realy new, just better eye candy. It gets old quick if you played the originals. If you didnt try it youll like it. But once is quite enough on a play through."
76561197987084456,Recommended,268870,18360570,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,melias76,"This game is very close to good old Syndicate, but this is modern and better. I must recommend it. Long time ago I play something with realy good feel from game. Some bugs in pathfinding of quest persons is something, what I forgive to creators. Game is realy good. Very good."
76561197970754741,Recommended,268870,19369626,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Boone,Great game - can't wait for multiplayer coop to be implemented!
76561198005347228,Recommended,268870,28340288,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Kibatsu,"Somewhat disappointing ending, but gameplay and combat system still make up for it. Fun game."
76561198010366377,Recommended,268870,28579777,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Maverati,"If you liked the Syndicate game of old, buy this.  At $4.50 you can't go wrong."
,Recommended,268870,28306680,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Nick,"A great experience. It's cyberpunk atmosphere is designed carefully and it works. There are some performance issues, even in the low settings and resolution but it works."
76561198059331653,Recommended,268870,18450758,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,nevyn0ad,"Amazing work, I played during early access and put it on the back burner as I found it very frustrating (Only first area when I was playing).It barely seems the same game I was playing back then, congratulations to the Dev/s, they've really done an amazing job. Always tiny spots to improve but wow.Really captures the spirit of the whole era of games, plenty of choice on how to approach things, and the ability to use gear/augments to kit your non stealth/hacking characters out to keep up/remote hack is an amazing addition.Combat is nicely paced, even without any pause which surprised me as I'm a fan of pausing, but the combat stims more than make up for the lack of pause."
76561198077622398,Recommended,268870,22248098,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sohamkar,It is a beautiful cyber punk game with great strategy and RPG elements. More content will be most welcome.
,Recommended,268870,22751040,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,unknown14725,"Super nice atmosphere and music, with hours upon hours of enjoyable gameplay. Controls and game mechanics are excellent, and the graphics are very detailed. Some minor bugs once in a while with people getting stuck behind doors and walls, but not big deal.  It never gets boring watching soldiers  running around looking for you ""Where did they go? Over here? No, over here. Wait, over here perhaps? Bah, I give up."""
76561198157856469,Recommended,268870,32010416,Posted: 27 May,all,club24,is good
,Recommended,268870,22686200,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Rawrgulmuffins,This game is not for everyone. The controls can be very frustrating and it has a steep learning curve. Some people are going to find the game tedious.But if this is your game it's going to really be your game.
76561198004173499,Not Recommended,268870,24669429,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Taear,"I purchased SR because I was a huge fan of Syndicate Wars. I can see the inspiration from Syndicate all over the place - from the police wandering the streets to the billboards.But the ""open world"" part of the game completely kills it for me. There's nothing I hate more than having to repeat an hour of gameplay because of a tiny mistake - unless I've got to do that same thing because of a bug. And that happened a lot in the five hours I played.In Syndicate Wars you have a mission control where you do all your upgrading and then you head out and do missions in various different maps. Reign doesn't work like that, instead you get given a quest log and various places to do the missions. This can make it hard to decide what's worth doing and what's too difficult for you. Especially if tiny mistakes can make a place seem suddenly harder. I prefer missions being their own maps with a definite goal, I guess."
,Recommended,268870,18253979,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,mr.Badim,Awesome game. Beat it in 20 hours.It is like good old Syndicate Wars - but even better.
,Recommended,268870,23768360,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sirwinsalot,"many years ago i grew up on syndicate wars for the ps1, it was a very strange and complex game and yet i fell in love, somthing about lighting every citizen around me and having them follow me armed to the teeth just to all clown car into a flying vehicle then dog pile out and blast a small armed area with a force enough to rival a small nation gave me great joy, this game is missing a couple parts i loved about syndicate wars like jumping into vehicles but THAT is NITPICKING compared to what it does give me, i recommend this game as it is beautiful, fun, violent, open world AND with up to 4 player co op you truly have some fun replayability and stratagy i mean just taking a SINGLE compound can take up too several hours if you are low on money and outgunned and outmanned which means you need to stratagise and sneak around. do yourself a favor and buy it. if i had to give any rating i would give it easily NOW with co-op 9.5/10tl,dr CYBER PUNK DYSTOPIAN OPEN WORLD RTS/RPG WITH ONLINE CO OP. REVOLT TODAY :D"
,Recommended,268870,34097745,Posted: 8 August,all,noblekale,Did you like Syndicate?Yes?Then this is probably the game for you.
76561198036046095,Recommended,268870,32869357,Posted: 27 June,all,DagonKel,It is a realtime cyberpunk adventure very reminiscent of syndicate.  Fun yet challenging.  I highly recomend it.
76561198005722805,Recommended,268870,32869608,Posted: 27 June,all,D.S.Jensen,Playing this on coop makes you wonder why the isnt more games like this.Really feels like a followe up to Syndicate Wars.
,Not Recommended,268870,35139437,Posted: 22 September,all,Meta,"I love the art style, world and gameplay.....but it has broken 3 times in less than five minutes. Characters simply do not move, however all other commands work, or maybe the game goes to load you in and freezes on the load screen, never to let you play again. Worst of all, the game sometimes just refuses to accept certain hotkeys.I want to like this game a lot, like, I want to love this game... but it is not going to happen, sadly. I'll push through more of this buggy mess until I either can no longer progress or all out lose the will to. Sorrry, 5 Lives Studios, but you goofed."
,Not Recommended,268870,35152575,Posted: 23 September,all,Spaghetti_Penguin,"Cannot get into it despite it looking so great.Simply because the performance is horrible.45 fps at 720p, and 45 fps at 4k too, Ultra or Low, doesn't matter.♥♥♥♥ing hell."
,Recommended,268870,18383576,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Draktok,Love it!
,Recommended,268870,25250984,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,✠ Wehraboo ✠,it's good
76561198013873690,Not Recommended,268870,35233441,Posted: 26 September,all,cugamer,"I love cyberpunk as a genre and I love strategy so naturally I was really excited about this game.  I shouldn't have been.Let's start with the pros:* Moderatly pretty graphics* I got it on the summer sale so fortunatly I only wasted about five dollars.Now the cons, which are legion:* Confusing, poorly implemented stealth system* Confusing, poorly implemented combat system* Ridiculously high difficulty even at low levels, the first real mission you're sent on is into a bank crawling with guards and camera.  Good luck sneaking past anything, 'infiltration' generally devolves to endless shootouts, which thanks to the cloning system end up becoming endless bind rushing exercises.* Mind numbingly stupid character AI.  Characters don't move cohesivly, just stand there while getting shot at and generally don't do anything unless they're explicitly told to act, which, thanks to the awful controls is an exercise in frustration.* Story?  I can't criticize it since there isn't one."
,Recommended,268870,21289709,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,"First off... I want to start by saying, why would anyone take reviews with less than 1-2 hours total played time seriously? I've seen a lot of reviews where someone did the tutorial, they did something wrong and it didn't give them the outcome they wanted, and now they're just like ""♥♥♥♥ this game. Negative review."".... They didn't experience anything...But, anyways... I'm updating this to a more detailed review as my last one was just a couple of sentences.This is an amazingly fun game. Lots of replayability. I've done 2 playthroughs. Once where I buffed the ba-jesus out of my infiltrator and did 80% of the game with him alone.. 2nd where I did the same with the hacker and achieved the same results. At a certain point, you probably won't need most of your team, but they're good to have in rare occassions.The story is very cyberpunk. Take down the big evil corporation. Hack peoples brains, ATMs, robots, turret guns. It CAN get pretty hilarious at what you can hack and do with said hacked item. On the flip side, there's some missions that can be very challenging, not enough to make you quit the game, but enough to make you feel like you really achieved something. There are always multiple ways about doing missions. Guns blazing, hacking everything, stealthing the entire place, etc.The implimentation of Multiplayer now makes for some good fun and hilarious times with friends.If you ask me, the game is worth it's full price... But if you have to wait for sales due to finances (we've all been there), don't pass this one up."
76561197988440476,Recommended,268870,23357560,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,phase,"Good fun!Not as great as the original Syndicate, but what is..."
76561197979969103,Recommended,268870,29174032,Posted: 10 January,all,Kiros,"It really gives me that great Syndicate Wars vibe, looks great and very enjoyable.There are a number of bugs but so far they have all been manageable and everything else is great.[Bugs and Workarounds]B. Agents getting stuck in the terrain when taking coverW. Have another agent attack the stuck one until they are downed and then revive them and they will pop free.B. AI ignoring your agents making the game far too easy or AI getting stuck in alert mode and attacking everything everywhere.W. Save, close and reopen the game, Load.B. Achievements you have done but are not awarded, Achievements that you haven't done but are rewarded for no reasonW. *shrug*"
,Recommended,268870,29156071,Posted: 9 January,all,Max,"Its real good. It reminds me a lot of Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Only more modern, more customizable, much more dynamic, and different time setting. Its also a lot more forgiving if you die."
,Recommended,268870,31907953,Posted: 22 May,all,TokalaFoxy,"I remember playing Syndicate + Syndicate wars  back in my school days! This seems to capture those feels.If your a fan of the origonals give it a try, if you dont know what your buying into go grab COD .Runs without any issues on my 4790k+ R9 390 no slowdowns."
,Not Recommended,268870,26499086,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"This game is advertised as having local co-op. It does not have this feature.Maybe the developers think ""local"" co-op means ""local"" area network. This is the equivalent of mistaking peanut butter for butterflies."
,Not Recommended,268870,28315838,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Sokolov,"Bugs. Enemy infrantry stuck inside buildings shooting me and I can't shoot them. Wiped out some of my squad. Alright we'll  I'll take a break and come back- nope it won't let me save while in enemy territory.Poorly designed and programmed game, can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,268870,28686321,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zond ♥,This game does not hace Local-coop it actually means lan support and when I started the campaign It just placed me in a random part of the campaign for some reason and left me very dissapointed.
76561198036713503,Not Recommended,268870,17805644,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,happyscrub,"Do not buy. It's RTS gameplay but without a core RTS mechanic: The ability to auto attack. It might not sound like much at 1st, but you'll soon find out that it makes this game way more tedious and annoying than it needs to be to the point of frustration."
,Recommended,268870,29843760,Posted: 11 February,all,Leezeebub,Best open world RTS cyberpunk game ive ever played! 10/10 would reign again.
76561198092778590,Not Recommended,268870,33161504,Posted: 2 July,all,Loksmith,"The game itself is pretty good, nice visuals, style etc, but the game runs so poorly, not lag, just poor optimization with the unity engine.  Can't say i would suggest this game because of it."
,Recommended,268870,30983784,Posted: 6 April,all,BrotherLewis,Surprisingly potato friendly if you turn the settings downWorks under Debian Linux
76561198060396398,Recommended,268870,13828387,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,STINKFIST,Looking great so far.  I've been waiting along time for the next Syndacate.
,Not Recommended,268870,28650893,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jacked,"idk, I want to like this, after all the good reviews, but somethings lacking so far. An hour in.This isn't syndicate. Perhaps its more like commandos, and reading that before I like both games so thought I would like this.It doesnt have weight, it would be better if the characters actually moved people out of the way rather than gliding through them. Cars just appear. The neon glow is a bit much. Gun fights seem lack luster. That's not Syndicate. The enemies don't seem to do logical things. Gun fights can be chaotic when the enemy units runs to your squad and stands amongst them and you're trying to shoot him. They soak up bullets. Controlling squad members and weapons could be better. It doesnt have the precision of Commandos.After getting the 4th squad member, research happened, and then instantly ran out of money which meant I couldn't bribe a researcher. So I hacked an atm which seemed to be the only thing to do to gain money. It's not really clear how else to get money or how those things work.The cities nice enough, if there was a little more precision and weight to squads, balancing gun fights. The cameras and security door mechanism is okay. sometimes a little unclear when you enter a danger zone due to the neon and brightness mixing with camera spot lights. So it's a little disappointing.I want to keep coming back to it, becasue perhaps there's some thing here later in the game which is worth it, due tothe reviews. But this is the second time quitting and not having the urge to continue."
,Recommended,268870,17797122,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DaysOfDoom,9/10 amazing game
,Not Recommended,268870,32684520,Posted: 23 June,all,Ham6100,Poor optimization. i5 6500 and GTX 1060. Still Shuttering every 3 sec and having FPS below 30. Refund requested.
76561198052609752,Recommended,268870,31972157,Posted: 26 May,all,Путин,Not bad game i take it with 85% discount worth every penie
,Recommended,268870,29582307,Posted: 30 January,all,Gabriel,"At first, I was trying to inflitrate facilities without ever being detected.  That's possible, but too hard to do.  Once I realized that dying and making mistakes is fine, then I started to have a lot of fun and to progress faster."
,Recommended,268870,28723487,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Konrad,Amazing game.
76561197970532362,Not Recommended,268870,32034146,Posted: 28 May,all,Bif Darington,"Exceptionally clunky control setup got in the way of a sub-par story, and generic overall game.  Not worth the sale price I paid."
,Not Recommended,268870,28965502,Posted: 2 January,all,Arsat,After 10 minutes i found a stuckbug in tutorial.In a 1 1/2 year old game. very incompetenthttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=833282472and the joke is in bugreportforum an outher player report an outher stuck location in tutorial too...
76561198045059929,Not Recommended,268870,21773070,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,tastemytomatoe,Game looks good on paper but gameplay just feels wrong. Couldn´t even get a refund.
,Not Recommended,268870,24195831,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Geophory,"I WANT to like this game.  I really really do.  I grew up playing Syndicate and this could have been a good sequel to it.  Everything about this game is really well done.  Hats off to the developers for attention to detail.So why am I not recommending this game?  It's too darn hard.  I've tried and tried and tried to play it and my party gets wiped on almost every mission.  I've scoured the web to improve but there's not a whole lot out there.  It's not fun when you die constantly.  I don't enjoy that.  Maybe it's just me and I suck.  If so, so be it.I would really like to see a selectable difficulty level on the game.  Easy mode, Normal Mode, Ultra-Hard Mode, etc...  Spawning is an issue in my book.  Whenever you get detected, the waves of enemies keeps spawning and spawning and spawning getting progressively harder with each wave.  Once you're discovered you're pretty much screwed if you think you can stand and fight.  You HAVE to run and hope to find a spot to evade detection which seems very hard to do.  Even if you're hiding, they always seem to magically detect you eventually.  Very frustrating.If you like really hard games and you enjoy the challenge, you'll probably like it.  If you're like me and want to ""casually"" play and actually have fun, then then I wouldn't recommend it.  And for the record, I completed XCOM and XCOM2.  Those were quite challenging but still loads of fun."
,Not Recommended,268870,17805075,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shaner,"Well.. I'd like to say I love this game, but it seems to keep getting in its own way.  Buggy, unoptimized (low frame-rates by comparison to similiar graphical demands) and nonsense options, like giving you key-remapping option that simply doesn't work.  Overall I tend to spend more time being frustrated with the poor implementation than enjoying the good nuggets of content buried under low-performance and bugs that should have been launch-stoppers.Seriously in need of a 1.1 release / bugfix patch.  Disappointing.  Will take a look at it again in 3-6 months to see if I can update my review.  Otherwise its ""holiday sale"" fodder, at best."
,Recommended,268870,25717720,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Macabre,"Warning: this game has optimization issues. for most people it will lag slighty no matter  how powerful your specs arebesides lagging a bit, the game plays well. I completed it with zero crashes or issues running it. Ihe game is a decent length, but can get repetitive fast if its not your type of thing. The storyline if you actually bother to pay attention too is somewhat interesting, and the game has a great ending In my opinion.  full playthough took me about 34 hours."
76561197994298061,Recommended,268870,21778222,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mert,"yeah, get it. it's a syndicate but newer and good for first 2 maps. it drags on too long but whatever still different enough from most games to earn some accolade."
76561198390129394,Not Recommended,268870,32350788,Posted: 11 June,all,EternalChronicles,"Let me start this review by saying; if there was a middle ground button my selectio would be here  [ X ] <--  Mark of Maybe choice of Do you recommend this game?Summary:  This game is based on the concept of RTS/RPG with the ability to control 4 characters at the same time and built among the scenery of that of a Cyberpunk/Futuristic city with missions and paths to choose with the freedom of the lack of a pure linear progression.  Think of G.I.T.S.  if it were in  3rd person perspective and you were chasing after the laughing man with the ability to steal from banks and other tasks playing a ""rogue"" agent...Video: 9/10  Great sound and perfect introductions reminds me of a real ""hidden society"" aspect to the gameUI/Player Adaption: 2/10 ...  This is one of THE WORST features due to the fact even on the ""lowest"" settings the game constantly takes you about 2-3 minutes to move and if you dont click correctly then you miss opening doors and having to waste time rewatching the movement...  Baulder's Gate and Icewindale were better fit for this movement then this game was ...Appeal: 8/10  the game's appeal is great but sadly it does lack in minor areas like ""clipping"" on some of the animations and there is no real tutorial for weapon equip and it feels ""clonky""While I could continue on with this discussion,  I will make my statement clear..  For 29.99 your getting a good game; however there should be a warning label until the developer actually fixes the movement issue so it can feel more fluid for those with various grade systems... Septerra Core (circuit 1995) actually plays BETTER than this and its 1 /6th of the price... I had requested a refund for the reason it was ""NOT"" what i expected and was a real shame since I could see this game costing more down the line if they can fix the minor nuances..."
76561198047954782,Not Recommended,268870,24681607,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Hero-of-Canton,"This game needs to either run a LOT smoother or be turn based to even be worth considering.  Hell, I wouldn't even play a turn based game that was this poorly optomized."
76561198046141240,Recommended,268870,34363304,Posted: 19 August,all,ejsmont.artur,Brilliant!
76561197993405926,Recommended,268870,34341593,Posted: 18 August,all,Jjandrah,Excellent and beautiful.
76561197970436203,Recommended,268870,28800943,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dabba,"This is a true successor to the Bullfrog Syndicate games.  Its really well done, and a ton of fun.  If you loved Syndicate, you'll love Satellite Reign."
76561198005942819,Recommended,268870,17820468,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Deimos,Ben told me to get this. He's cool.
,Recommended,268870,20538396,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,stabbyjones,if this is the spiritual successor to syndicate then why don't the cars hit me for damage or at least knock my guys over?talk about a disappointment
76561198025694140,Recommended,268870,22260723,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Taiji,Much like Syndicate Wars. A bit heavy on the micro but fun nonetheless.
76561197972446573,Recommended,268870,22031269,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Azrell,Love it.
76561198083536662,Recommended,268870,23682181,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,coder168,"In short, this is a good game, worth to buy and worth to play. It recall me the happy time with Sydicate.However, there are some very annoying bugs to drive you mad. I wish the developers fix these as soon as possible.The one bug really trip me is the one related to hacker's skill upgrade. The skill points get missing when failed to upgrade hacker skills. I found my hacker did not get full skill set after he reach the max level of skill points(67), it means, my hacker can not performance his full skill set. I have to replay the game from the beggining to keep watching the growth of my hacker.So, if you are new player, you'd better to keep this in mind - do one save before skill upgrade, and check if the skill level change after skill points have been assigned, reload if it failed(esp to hacker, change a new clone is a work around as I found in this forum)The version I am talking about is 1.07.08. I think this bug should be fixed with high priority."
,Recommended,268870,23739625,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,thundr51,This is the open world shadow run I was waiting for.
76561197974650741,Not Recommended,268870,33968858,Posted: 2 August,all,Aphelion,"Too many obfuscated/unmentioned mechanics and an atoricous combat system paired with the tiniest bit of AI on your soliders that seems to exist only to screw you (your units seem to think cover is a luxury in 10 minute gunfights and will happily run out into a gunline to attempt to punch anyone who comes within 50 feet of them, yet can't seem to work out that they probably want to shoot back at units in the aforementioned gunfights) makes this game an excercise in frustration"
76561198067046851,Not Recommended,268870,34091436,Posted: 7 August,all,muchomambo,"I used to love Syndicate games, so I bought this more than a year ago. I got to the city, tried a couple of missions, but was a bit overwhelmed by the amount of information I got thrown at me. I am not a 15 year-old anymore and I'm not that excited by having to learn to navigate through so many options and icons. Maybe the problem was me, or maybe it could have been designed more elegantly. Anyway, Gameplay was not that fun, so I stopped.Gave it another shot a couple of days ago, meaning to be more persistent this time. Lasted a couple of hours, but yeah, felt pretty much the same. Lots of info complexity to manage, unclear mechanics and messy interface, and the gameplay cycle seems repetitive and not very deep.I like the city layout and how missions are integrated into the open world. But now that we live in real cyberpunk times, the setting seems outdated with its rudimentary surveilance tech, and nothing to set it apart fom the old clichés. The atmosphere is cool but doesn't really go beyond nostalgia and could use a bit more charm. I'm afraid it would take something extra to revive this genre. Oh well, I guess  It's not that bad of a start. It's at least more interesting than the crap Syndicate FPS from some years back. Hope it starts a trend."
,Not Recommended,268870,34094369,Posted: 7 August,all,TimeTravelAstronaut,"Satellite Reign thrusts you into a dystopian world as a competitor to the Dracogenics Corporation, which effectively runs the world. Conversely, you run nothing, quite literally. Your duties are restricted to controlling a squad of 4 agents in a single city, albeit a large one. The city remains firmly in the grip of your opponents no matter what you accomplish, although you'll occasionally receive a congratulatory message when you complete objectives.The entire game existing in a single large level is an interesting concept for the setting; the city is broken up into the ""neutral"" streets where you can do as you please as long as it doesn't break the law, and the ""hostile"" compounds where enemies will actively try to detain or kill you if you're detected. The first stumbling block for me was that the neutral areas are mainly there for aesthetics, very little gameplay actually occurs there for how much of the map they make up.The bulk of your playtime is in the hostile compounds, several of which can become rather sprawling. Again, the size of the areas feels more to emphasize the scope of the city than to facilitate gameplay. This becomes exceedingly frustrating when your forays into the compounds fail, and you're forced to leave, causing all the guards and cameras to reset. Then you find youself re-treading old ground to get back to where you were in the compound. Usually a small side-quest is available to unlock an alternate solution to the compound, but I still found myself foiled more by AI patrolling erratically at a critical moment, rather than being confused at how to approach a solution.The 4 agents under your control are forced into seperate Archetypes, with their own skills that help differentiate them (in some cases, the other archetypes can purchase equipment that accomplishes the same thing, such as a cloaking device). In a world full of clones and cybernetic implants however, I was annoyed with how I was unable to modify or reset the skill choices on these characters, as some skills were very underwhelming initially. The speed at which you acquire new skill points is also punishing if you try to salvage the skill choices on one of your agents.These 4 characters you control for your entire playthrough are severely lacking for aesthetic customization, especially for the genre. There is a single male and female version of each archetype, and no matter what array of armor and cybernetic implants you equip them with, they will look the same as they did when you first launched the game. Their heads can be slightly customized, but this is hidden behind a convoluted system unrelated to appearance.A good way to give your agents an edge is to improve the quality of their clones; this is a rather involved process that consists of kidnapping people that are superior to your agents (which I feel further trivializes your role as the commander of this super-soldiers) and using them as clone stock. On its face this is an interesting system where you can amass a library of clone stock to tailor your agents, but there is a fatal flaw with the system; whenever your agents are killed, the clone degrades, eventually to the point where the stat bonuses are completely gone and you'll need to kidnap a new person. So a player prone to failure when exploring compounds will find themselves have to kidnap new clones again and again and again.By the time alternate weapons and equipment upgrades were given to me that would allow me to better tailor the agents to my playstyle, I lost interest in the game entirely. The scope of the massive city is an illusion; the compounds are isolated and seperate entities that will recover from your assaults every time. Even a massive gunfight in the public streets will eventually become a faded memory and you can continue as if nothing happened.As of writing this review, this game costs 29.99 USD and I cannot reccomend it all for that price."
76561198041105600,Not Recommended,268870,17848673,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Jahsus,"For the hype and cost it is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Looks brilliant for about an hour. The world is stagnant, nothing interesting happens no random mobs, citizens are boring. All style, zero substance. It isn't open world. Money generation is garbage. Weapons and gear are♥♥♥♥♥♥(can't pick up random gear OR sell gear ?!? ). Missions are boring and repetitive. ♥♥♥♥ this off and get a copy of Syndicate Wars ... it is still way better."
,Recommended,268870,26465737,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,2Good,Darn good game
,Recommended,268870,28701460,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gdante14CO,"Played it around 3.3 hours already when I wrote this, and it is good. Graphics, sound, controls. I finally got this after being on my list for a year or so, if you like rts with optional stealth then get this. Dont hesitate on getting it, it is worth it. I should have gotten it sooner, but the reviews made me wait. And the stealth as well, was thinking it was going to be boring. Between assasins creed and pillars of eternity, a mix of both. But its not boring, get this you wont be disapointed.From what I can see there are no cons, get this and support 5 lives studios."
,Recommended,268870,19219666,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Thomas,yes... Just yes
76561197973068499,Not Recommended,268870,35502904,Posted: 5 October,all,Withering,I managed to get bored before tutorial ended. 1/5
76561197970816016,Not Recommended,268870,17905002,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Darkin,"A wonderful game for when you want to bang your head against the wall untill the blood flows, this game drove me potty until I finally realised what was wrong and unistalled it. This thing is a sod to play, thanks to the checkpoint save system and the totally random natures of the stealth encounters. you can get ten minutes into a perfect stealth intrusion and then get it blown by one error, which invariably results in a firefight. At that point you either quit and start from scratch, wasting ten more minutes getting back to the same point, or you fight it out, at which point you might have well just started shooting the second you started the mission and saved yourself some time. I wasted an entire saturday trying this and just got fed up with it.Uninstalled. Wish I hadn't brought it.-----------Slightly changing my opinion on sunday. Re-installed and gave it another shot.Still s**t. the camera angle being fixed is dumb, makes everything harder and wholever chose that on the Dev team needs to get slapped. the checkpoint save system still makes everything artifically harder. It needs way more worldbuilding. some very dodgy gliches, like watching an infiltrator with a SNIPER RIFLE running right up behind a guard and sniping him. from five feet away. Apparently, stealth kills have to be done from close range. Nice to know, you should have made that clear. Why doesn't he change to the pistol? since killing guards is core gameplay, why didn't this bug get fixed?So many stupid little things, that just show how limited the develpoment of this game really was. gliches and bugs. gameplay errors. this game is a damning inditment of modern game development, ambious but deeply flawed and far short of its potential. It can be fun when you win, and i have been playing it for two days now. But this game is seriously unwhelming and frustrating."
76561197992254983,Not Recommended,268870,17894688,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TriSnake,"Hello,Stop playing the game after 6 hours.I am going to be short and to the point.Major frustrating issues:a) Agents didn't shoot back when fired upon.b) No Pause feature. Can be very handy if you want to switch guns or reassign tasks.c) Switching my guns/weapons without unholstering them.d) There is no toggle scanner feature.  A kind of overlay that shows the view cone of your enemies that you can togglewith a shortcut.General:-Micromanagment is way to heavy. ( Also because you have to re-target after each kill ).Small hick ups:I never had the feeling i won a battle. Each time i got into battle agents keep calling for backup what left mewith only one option ""fleeing away"". Doesn't feel very victorious... after a while it wears you out.I am following the news/updates and hope to receive an update of these improvements so i can continue playing the game.Kind regards,Trisnake."
,Not Recommended,268870,31778227,Posted: 15 May,all,Hidden Phoenix,"So close to a good game, too bad little details like escort missions and infinite enemy spawn don't mix."
76561198084531625,Not Recommended,268870,28784082,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Java,bad optimization
76561198045453813,Not Recommended,268870,17781294,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Tazio,"Just a couple of brief comments:Overall feeling is - that the game was originally something like an amateur mod-like type and later somehow was transformed into a full fledged project.Visuals are ambiguous -  nice mocap and models on one hand but weird colors and eclectic art style on the other.Gameplay is plain, straightforward and very monotonous - there is no place for tactics or fun just overflood enemies with cursor fire. Stealth is an option in theory but on practice it is just a dull and repetative movement from cover to cover.UI is bulky and IMO overcomplicated which in conjunction with primitive gameplay gives a somewhat inconsistent and even frustrting experince.To sum it up -  Unfortunately it is not a ""new Syndicate"" as somebody saying. Just a very mediocre game which is going to sell itself trying to mimic classic titles.Definitely would not recommend it."
76561197984892423,Recommended,268870,17764339,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Muscarine,Some games you're waiting for and don't even know yo do.
,Recommended,268870,17753444,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,FeWolf,OMG! this is going to take over my life :) really enjoying it  3 1/2 out of 5 stars
,Recommended,268870,13577729,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mariska Hargitaylor Swift,I have no idea what I'm doing but it looks pretty.
76561198030776098,Not Recommended,268870,17842129,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,JF,"Linux - GTX580 - Very poorly optimised game.  It was so demanding on the GPU it sent the temperature trough the roof and made my computer reboot after 5 minutes, and I was not on the highest settings.  Beware."
,Not Recommended,268870,17788934,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,BrassBass,"Hard to follow what I am supposed to be doing, and a cluncky UI.  Graphics are nice, but the swaying camera makes me feel sick."
,Not Recommended,268870,24120828,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TravisNJ,"OMG i tried and tried and tried to like this game, but, it has some of the stupidest design decisions/♥♥♥♥ ups possible. It is an immensely frustrating game about ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that doesn't even tell you what ito do. This is by far one of the worst selections I've made on a game in a long ♥♥♥♥ing time. I should have gone for the refund. I could stab myself in the face and still have more fun then I did in this terrible cofusing(and I did manage to get through a lot of missions, even without it telling me why or what or who). Hopefully the developer takes a good long look at their product and make sure they aren't this stupid a second time."
76561197975196220,Recommended,268870,31955717,Posted: 25 May,all,konabud,"got this on special for $5.37, goes in my top five for best ever value for money games, make sure to disable vsync  and antilaising to gain some fps, as a player of the previous syndicate game on the amiga i can say this is a great follow up, one of the best real time stratagies iv ever played, the graphics are great and the music and voice acting like the matrix movies, please devs make another syndicate game this games great."
76561197967072470,Not Recommended,268870,31124714,Posted: 13 April,all,asidtest,"not a good sign when i cant even complete the tutorial cos of bugs.first was when i died and counnt respawn or restart.had to turn the game off and relaunch.second was when two of my guys got stuck in the walls.game looks amazing.but if its unplayable ,whats the point?"
76561198047573773,Not Recommended,268870,17805434,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,LT Slate,"Review is short as I don't want to waste any further time on it.No tactical pause sucks... unless you spend points and then it's only partial. So there is no team exection as it would be if you and I we're on a headset and said ""GO"".Line of sight was horrible IMHO; AI was weak, guard spawn was lame.SR lacks character depth, weapon depth and the quest/mission delivery felt like a moshpit.For those of you with family and work there are no saves during a mission. This was a PITA for me as Murphy always seemed to strike mid-mission.Anyways, to each his/her own but not for me."
76561198039663245,Recommended,268870,17474975,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,facciola007,Ive tried this game several times through out the EA.  Its looking great!
76561198068458059,Not Recommended,268870,28960823,Posted: 2 January,all,Stephen,Bought this game in the Winter sale.A tactical game Wannabe I woudld say. Great idea but poor design. The mechanics is straight forward. The Devs try to make the game more challenging and unique but it ends up only making stuff more complicating and boring. The story and the context is rather dull. Shooting scenes are like cupboards shooting each others until one falls. The visual design is horrible. Making everything neon doesn't mean it's in the future. It makes me feel like the game is designed for boys under 16yo (Those boys who make 'your mum is so fat' jokes).Refund requested.
76561198076251232,Not Recommended,268870,20057070,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,kikoryu,This game sux balls. Seems kinda buggy that none of them can level up or gain any skills after 2 hrs of game play.
76561198061815110,Not Recommended,268870,20197479,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Vyn,"The worst piece of gamecode♥♥♥♥♥♥i ve played.performance problemssquad ai problems50% chance, your charakter standsdumb around in enemy base, cause the game decided your not allowed to play this charakter, and takes your lead away.did i already metion the squad ai problems ?squad ai problemssquad ai problemssquad ai problemssquad ai problemssquad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems squad ai problems"
,Not Recommended,268870,31929748,Posted: 23 May,all,clea leshlick,"Gameplay is quite interesting, but badly optimized. Frame drops to 20 either on ultra or high settings"
76561198054378669,Not Recommended,268870,21143505,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,BLK_Dynamite,It was just boring to say the least ... don't consider this game at full price
,Not Recommended,268870,18047182,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,akabos,"It was probably good enough for early access, but it's definitely not ready for general public release. Bugs are everywhere, from path building to unfinishable missions. I could forgive all that if game were fun, but it is not. They say the game reminds them Bullfrog's Syndicate, but I strongly disagree. Syndicate was fun. This game is buggy grey despondency."
76561198006693175,Not Recommended,268870,34051127,Posted: 5 August,all,pms89a,"Does not load saved games. At all. I have tried playing online/offline, changing settings in game, on my computer, even reinstalling altogether. I have sent five support requests in as many months (it takes an average of 3-4 weeks for them to respond) and the most that they have done is confirm that I am unable to load saved games. I have checked around and found that this is not an isolated issue."
76561197999182200,Not Recommended,268870,17820610,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Ghostdoctor,"I got this because I love Syndicate.  Satellite Reign got the look right, but the game feels so meh...."
76561197973781729,Not Recommended,268870,19935633,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Zim,No cars no manual aiming. This is not Syndicate!
76561198011389899,Not Recommended,268870,21252892,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Woodsparrow,"It's a good game from the time I spent with it, but the lack of a pause function ruins it."
76561198042842316,Not Recommended,268870,17856175,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,idacek,"I'm disappointed. The gameplay tension that was present in the original Syndicate isn't here in SR. Add to that the fact that there isn't a whole lot to do in terms of variety, from what I've seen so far, and top it all off with some bugs or missing features on the Linux version like not being able to remap control keys, and it sums up to be underwhelming and somewhat of a disappointment.Maybe subsequent patches will help?"
76561198043267424,Not Recommended,268870,18086879,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Nohk,Cant get the dang game to load. Always freezes on startup
76561198098414839,Not Recommended,268870,20888796,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,d_rape,"I don't like the RTS feel of this game. I feel like it robs me of a great deal of control I would expect as a team leader of a bunch of elite runners. Instead I have a crew of knuckleheads that blaze away at suboptimal targets or take a weird path that ends up aggroing a bunch more security guards to the party (not recommended). Morally...this game sucks! Do I really have to murder my way through just about every mission? Heck, some of the missions I need to advance are literally assassinations. Not cool. Sorry, it may be a game, but I am not interested."
,Not Recommended,268870,31910789,Posted: 22 May,all,@Second_Fry,"Actually best stealth gameplay simulator – just buy silenced pistol and assasinate everything. You don't need anything else. Silenced pistol oneshots enemies if they didn't ""see"" you. Enemies actually blind as ♥♥♥♥ so they never see you even if you 1m close near the wall.Jokes aside:Started game, chose multiplayer – no tutorial, russian language even tho steam language is english.Changed settings, tried to rehost – game errors with ""Failed to launch game as host""(https://i.imgur.com/dmxDYnj.png).Tried singleplayer – still no tutorial.Restarted game completely, moved up – nothing happened.Moved down, UI opens! Even tho subtitles are over text boxes –https://i.imgur.com/aJN7AfP.jpg.Collision boxes –https://i.imgur.com/Fb9v5M2.jpg.50-60 FPS on RX 480, i7 3770k with VSync off!To start the tutorial I've decided to create new profile in singleplayer game and it suddenly played tutorial."
,Not Recommended,268870,31691110,Posted: 11 May,all,Brimshae,"I wanted to like this game, I really did, even with the dev-acknowledged, still-unpatched bugs, such as characters getting stuck.I've had fun with the time I've had playing it, up until the third time my saves were corrupted and I was about to have to start over a fourth time.So no, I can't recommend the game because of that. It's pretty much unbeatable unless I want to do a marathon session."
,Recommended,268870,24826323,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"I had to make a new review for this one due the last update they did, the game no longer stutter from time to time, not as bad as before and I think the solution for that was with this annoying new feature. The darkening of unseen areas makes sense, but if you're commanding the action via a ficticioussatellite,then the idea doesn't look very smart. But the game stills great, and I still think they should call this game differently. Something like Syndicalizer, Syndicator or maybe Bullfrogger. When you subdue a civilian, old times calls you, only the spinning sound effect is missing. Maybe a mod can do it. Just don't mess with the music, it is dark enough to rule other people's mind."
76561198014229134,Not Recommended,268870,20156156,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dorok,"This game is half done gameplay. The only good things relatively well done are the stealth, the graphics and the animations of the whole town, and the writing is ok but nothing great, and that's it.The combats means controlling real time 4 characters with zero pauses and they have ZERO AI!!! Any RTS do much better since 20+ years, lol. There's covering, movements, weapons switching and targeting, if a character get shoot he doesn't fire back nor even go in cover, the controls are still rather bad, and there's a lot of abuse of enemies spawning. That's ridiculous.The economy is also ridiculous with a system where you just wait time to get more money. For sure some missions allow get more money but that free money mechanism break all and pinpoint the inability to build a true gameplay.Other than that everything else is at level of a casual game, hacking is a simple click and a short cooldown, rob a bank is a simple click, and so on."
,Not Recommended,268870,29887654,Posted: 12 February,all,TheWackyWombat,"As much as I wanted to like this game, the economy just completely killed the game for me. In order to keep you agents with decent equipment you need to research them, which costs a ton of cash, and most of the cash you get in game is through a passive ATM hack. The problem is that even when you're actively pursuing objectives you never have enough money to research the required equipment.Since the enemies scale with your team's level, I felt outmatched by the enemies before I completed the first area. You have the ability to buy new equipment, but most of it costs 10k-20k and I was getting at most $3 a minute.The game pauses after any length of inactivity, so there's really no way for you catch up with the curve.I enjoyed the strategy, but the lack of funds to keep my team going, and what appeared to be RNG equipment drops, just killed my enjoyment of the game."
76561197975276269,Not Recommended,268870,24464625,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jukeboxhero,"This game is mediocre at best. If you are desperate to revisit your gilded memories of Syndicate Wars on DOS, this might be your fix. All others should exercise caution. I'll put this in simple STEAM review pro/con parlance:PROs:+ Depth: Quasi-customizable character models with numerous options for tweaking your squad of agents. Includes various weapon types, mods, and augmentations that cater to multiple play styles.+ Art: Well done cyberpunk art direction. The game world is accented with plenty of neon to break up the urban dystopia.CONs:-Annoying, unskippable tutorial that seems intent on shoving blinking boxes in your face.-Clunky, unsatisfying combat. Picture a smooth, flowing river. Now picture a dude trying to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥after sex. It's the latter one.-Lame auto-scaling enemies ensure you are almost always out-gunned if you want to ""go loud"".-Tedious, grindy missions.Short story long?I kept asking myself ""Why aren't I playing something like XCOM?"""
76561198010412079,Not Recommended,268870,26112793,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,[TO]Morlok,"Good and fun game, but...Crappy performance.Issues with Starting/Loading game (failed to launch game as host)Game concept is good, but the issues I have experienced since last update, make me want to spend time on something else."
76561198035864073,Not Recommended,268870,29349682,Posted: 18 January,all,FrostFawks,"Looked down through my long list of Steam games and found Satellite Reign.""Yeah, I could play some turned-based squad strategy""Dust it off and install it, hit play.Get in the game, first level.Go me!""How the f*** do you open the doo...oh, ok.""Acquire second squad member.Ok, time for exploration.Somehow lose first squad member to pathing bug that put them outside of the map. Trapped.""Ok, no worries, bugs happen. I'll just use my second squad member to travel to the next checkpoint so everyone respawns together.""""...Right after I check what's back in the corner...""Proceed to lose second squad member in same pathing bug, trapped outside the map.Uninstall and shelve Satellite Reign""It was a good run."":'("
76561197970906835,Not Recommended,268870,33175697,Posted: 3 July,all,Jupiter Goldfish III,"I really wanted to like this game, looks amazing in the photos. But the controls/responsiveness is so slow and clunky that you can't even play the game. Even with all the settings as low as possible with an ok pc... it just runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,268870,32609328,Posted: 20 June,all,Gay Guillaume,apparently the game is unfinished according to people but i really don't knowit was alrightfinish the game i guess?bring back cars at least
,Recommended,268870,28706667,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Redrusty66,"Satellite Reign is an engaging and stylish homage to the classics. It includes all the improvements you'd expect from the last 20 years of game design theory: A high-contrast neon cityscape to play through; your operatives  have classes rather than being interchangeable; the game is set in a single sprawling, explorable location and, of course, it has multiplayer.  Satellite Reign feels like the game Syndicate would have been if it were conceived with the advantages of 2010s design theory and hardware. Highly recommended to fans of the genrel, or anybody who likes cyberpunk ambience and realtime squad-based action."
,Not Recommended,268870,31930775,Posted: 24 May,all,Daywalker,Sadly the game crashed :(very dissapointed buying this game..i can't play it
76561198132344080,Not Recommended,268870,31932795,Posted: 24 May,all,Nophex,"Braught it at 85% off and still refunded it, no matter what i did i couldnt eliminate the stutter when moving the camera, shame as it looked promising."
,Not Recommended,268870,17852495,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Marquis de Fag,sucks
76561198022897265,Not Recommended,268870,31920601,Posted: 23 May,all,Mesjaf,"Don't get fooled, this game is nothing like Bull Frog's Syndicate, and I played original as a kid constantly.I'm very disappointed with Satellite Reign. It's just sooo boring with poor mechanics and constantly respawning enemies.It even has some luck based achievements and that's a dealbreaker for me.If you're looking for something like Syndicate keep looking. And let me know when you find it."
,Not Recommended,268870,33238366,Posted: 4 July,all,Relzak,The game is not what the trailers make it out to be.
,Recommended,268870,33246700,Posted: 4 July,all,Sheriff,Looks cool
,Not Recommended,268870,28813436,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ravled,The teleport and ressurection technology in this game was a workaround for the horrible path finding and your characters getting stuck all the time on walls and such.
,Not Recommended,268870,33350639,Posted: 7 July,all,Murmudamus,"I bought this for the co-op... which doesnt work, for ANYONE :("
,Not Recommended,268870,33486019,Posted: 12 July,all,AdderTude,"Only play up until you reach the ending. The game was pretty enjoyable and definitely had thatSyndicate/Syndicate Warsfeel to it, what with the isometric camera view (like you're watching remotely from a drone) and a squad of four clone agents to pull off heists within the city. I only recommend the game up until that point. Here's why I say you should forget the game due to the writing.[SPOILERS BELOW! READ AT YOUR OWN RISK!]What sucks about the ending is that you go through all of that trouble to bring Dengler down and upload the virus in order to control the satellite network, only for Mother to have stabbed everyone in the back by taking control of the network for herself. What follows is the entire satellie network crashing into every major city on the planet, wiping out your handler and eventually your team in the process.Essentially, the name goes from being ""Satellite Reign"" to the literal""Satellite Rain"". I felt like this was a total copout of an ending and leaves the player (in this case, me) very unsatisfied with how the climactic fight played out.Like Mass Effect 3, which I still haven't played yet to this day, the game is great on all other counts. It's the ending that sucks. If it was better, I'd give a full recommendation.EDIT: Oh, and my game crashed literally a second after I killed Dengler, when the ending sequence was playing."
76561198010024843,Not Recommended,268870,32099855,Posted: 31 May,all,yesisuckandninaismywaifu,"Was hoping for something like Syndicate Wars.Training mission: guy gets stuck behind a wall, so I have to I make him suicide (which I had to search online to figure out how to do). Then for some reason he can't use a zipline I'm supposed to use to get where the other agents are due to him dying (Roberta Williams, is that you?). The game won't let me continue because it's still instructing me to revive the agent even though he respawned.This ""developer"" should be banned from releasing games on Steam. This is just another scam for cash."
76561198064206553,Recommended,268870,28730309,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SneakyGunz,Quite frankly the best game I've played all year. Well worth the steam winter sale price.
76561197999625076,Not Recommended,268870,30209725,Posted: 26 February,all,jolazabal510,"Not a bad game. The AI has stopped attacking my guys. That sucks. But just to mess around with, the game is bleh"
,Not Recommended,268870,30298754,Posted: 3 March,all,Tasker 2016,"It's just not good.It's a real time tactics game in which the tactics are ""shoot the guys.""  You don't get to make a lot of interesting decisions, and the stealth is kind of laughable.I wish this game were good, because it looks great and it has a great premise, and I credit the developers for delivering what they promised. But it just isn't engaging, interesting, or satisfying to play.It's lacking in tactical depth, and tries to make up for that lack of complexity with the cloning system that lets you grab random passersby and turn them into agents.  Yeah, just what I wanted, to run around looking at the stats of random civilians to determine who has a +1 I can use.How about you add some interesting dimensions to the tactical play instead?"
,Recommended,268870,31592471,Posted: 6 May,all,SHOCKCABLE,top down shoter team mechanicPros:top down shooterteam/squad based gameplay and mission tacticsCons:Graphics could be bettermore maps neededOVERALL:6/10
76561198018455985,Not Recommended,268870,33067510,Posted: 30 June,all,ebfisher,"Confusing lack of direction, woefuly underpowered agents, bad pacing.  Overall no fun."
,Not Recommended,268870,30102884,Posted: 22 February,all,Lord Kalus,"there is no ""HELL NO"" option for recommendation. THIS GAME DOES NOT FUNCTION. as someone who loved syndicate back in the day i was very excited to hear it has a spiritual successor. i bought and downloaded this game with great anticipation, only to get stuck at an unresponsive ""user login"" button that did nothing. $30 for a fancy screen saver. what a rip off."
76561197983841066,Not Recommended,268870,30819052,Posted: 29 March,all,Hoarse,Finished tutotrial and saved the game. Loaded it up the next day and was back in the middle of the tutorial except the zip line could no longer be force interacted with preventing me from completing it again.A bug like that should not exist.There is no excuse for it. When something that stupid is my introduction to a game I walk away and I encourage you not to bother with it.
,Not Recommended,268870,18275747,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,O M N I,"Fell short. Way short. But they tried. NOT worth the money. World doesn't make sense/Character outfits, Audio of the city blows. Audio of Citzens blow. ♥♥♥♥....    these guys and the shadowrun people..More people just trying to make money off half assing good old games. Not sure why people do this. Con men.What it IS at now, should be, AT MOST, its beta stage."
,Recommended,268870,31329634,Posted: 23 April,all,"""Corpse Grinder"" Nagash",Where are the DLCs?????
76561198011042969,Not Recommended,268870,32484341,Posted: 16 June,all,gluttony,prefformance is so poor that i cant play this game.
,Not Recommended,268870,32712403,Posted: 23 June,all,College Struggle Pikachu,WTF is going on this♥♥♥♥♥♥is so bad I couldnt figure out anything refunded
76561198059689738,Recommended,268870,28813006,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ksyh05,best crash simulater ever 10/10
,Not Recommended,268870,31859420,Posted: 20 May,all,redvegemite,"The controls scheme is uncomfortable.  And whenever things go South, it usually feels like the games fault instead of my fault."
,Not Recommended,268870,29812446,Posted: 9 February,all,pink monkey,I liked it for a while.  Then id went down.
76561198145422304,Not Recommended,268870,33132155,Posted: 2 July,all,Diamond1Anb☆ANQY- Miracle- ♤,I was expecting it to be a nice game. However it turns out not as good as the others
,Not Recommended,268870,17767419,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,llars024,"Terribly optimized. I get around 20-30 FPS. Also does not support crossfire. The graphics arent even impressive and the preformance is terrible. Doesnt matter if i run it on Low or Ultra, same exact framerates.ASUS Crosshair-V Formula-ZFX-835016GB DDR3(x2-Crossfire) XFX R9 280A DD - 3GB GDDR5250GB Samsung EVO 850 SSD"
,Not Recommended,268870,18231751,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Warlord,"Convoluted confusing mess. It might be a good game, but unless you're the game developer or have hours to search for basic game questions and information on how to actually play, forget about it. The tutorial is beyond poor and explains very little. Things occur in the game that aren't explained and with the poor save check point system makes playing it a pain because one mistake usually result in reloading from the very beginning of a mission.The game insists on itself that you are an expert and know how to do everything right from the beginning. Good luck trying to figure it out."
,Not Recommended,268870,23866904,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kawaii eSports Shel Silverstein,"This review has a lot of my opinions in it, and doesn't necessarily reflect my objective review of the game as a whole. In addition, I only made it through the tutorial before making my mind up about it. So, to digress: I'm a HUGE fan of the cyberpunk genre, and when I heard of this game's release I pretty much exploded. It was exactly what I was looking for in a game: huge, open-world environment, player-character customization, and of course the cyberpunk aesthetic. Add that the game is on sale currently and I bought it almost immediately. I was extremely excited, sat down, lights turned down, and launched the game.It was extremely boring.It was the letdown of the century: the gameplay was tedious, the environment had no life, it just lacked any sort of fun. Believe me, I tried to look past this for the sake of the fact I was playing a cyberpunk game but the novelty soon wore off. For me, it just wasn't what I was looking for. If you're a detail-oriented, micromanaging player who doesn't mind a bit of monotony here and there, then Satellite Reign might be just up your alley. But if not, and you feel monotonous gameplay might get on your nerves, give this one a pass."
76561198030336925,Not Recommended,268870,30382631,Posted: 7 March,all,Flashand,"Really poorly done, even if was supposed to be a ""remake"" style. The game itself plays so slow you cannot for any instance think that it will be ""acceptable"" forget it dont buy it even if they ""fix"" to speed game play up."
,Recommended,268870,31913583,Posted: 23 May,all,Veeray,I liked it.
76561198006650011,Not Recommended,268870,34133350,Posted: 9 August,all,alebusa,"combat system doesn't exist.if you want to take the direct action mode and shoot you will always fail...only hacking and sneaking. So, why the soldier class????good atmosphere,"
,Not Recommended,268870,31924552,Posted: 23 May,all,Stephanie,Extreme annoying game. not my thing
,Recommended,268870,31802007,Posted: 17 May,all,Aesculapius,This game was awesome for technical strategy 👍🏼🍺
76561198007365266,Recommended,268870,31905444,Posted: 22 May,all,Killed By Death,Good game certainly on sale worth every euro
76561197984788889,Not Recommended,268870,26088124,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,old one,Atrociously bad performance. Even the high-end PCs wont run it at stable 60! An optimisation catastrophe at its finest.
,Not Recommended,268870,25896610,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,geramaniax,tried to like this game.but it is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game and I don´t recommend it.get divinity or pillars instead.
76561198050935072,Not Recommended,268870,29477348,Posted: 24 January,all,AgentOOSoul,Terrible game.That is all.
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,268870,24801646,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,malcolmmackay224,Unbelievably bad game. I played and completed Syndicate ages ago when it was first released. Hard to believe that with modern hardware they can release a game that is much worse than the original.I got a bad feeling when I first launched the game and it took forever to load. This is the slowest launching game I've played in many years. It goes downhill from there. The tutorial is next to useless. There is no manual and I disliked the game so much I wasn't willing to put the time into figuring out the details of how to play the game.
76561198004546897,Not Recommended,268870,28832844,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Neo,Too much rainbows 10/10
76561198077649707,Not Recommended,268870,15687358,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,p.e.olchowik,"While I love the concept of the game (I've played original Syndicate games as a teenager) and I see a great potential in this title, unfortunately it's not there yet. This game is very badly optimized and runs at average ~8 FPS for most of the time on my PC, in lowest possible settings. In highest possible setting - it's almost the same. I had no problems in getting AC: Unity or ME: Shadow of Mordor to run at 30 FPS in full HD on mid settings.Still, if your PC is maxed out, I've heard you can get it to run at 20 or even 30 FPS. It's still not good, but playable.Best, PawelPS. My PC: i7-4700MQ, 8GB ram, Nvidia GTX 760M."
,Not Recommended,268870,13359639,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,76561193780676215,"Don't let this game's graphics fool you. Yes the graphics are great, and so are the animations, but that's it. This game is so empty, there is hardly anything to do in it. Cannot interact with much, and not really any story/plot. In it's current state, it is not worth the near $30. Don't be fooled by all those positive reviews, I am a developer myself and even I wouldn't release such an empty and buggy game like this, even on Early Access. Don't buy this. Also one last note, this game took up almost 3 gigs of RAM on my computer, so the developer doesn't know what they are talking about when they say 2048 MB RAM for the minimum requirements. Keep that in mind before purchasing."
,Not Recommended,268870,14658215,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Frank,"Game is dull and unresponsive, with an awful HUD. No Syndicate, that's for sure."
76561198105512234,Not Recommended,268870,13334119,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,casbyness,"I don't know what's going on. I thought this would be like Syndicate, but upon starting the game I was dropped into the middle of a mission with one agent missing, cops everywhere and no ability to customise my team. There doesn't seem to be a way to rotate the camera or zoom out very far. I couldn't find a way to the police station so gave up.This game isn't really developed enough to be charging £20 a purchase. Hopefully it will improve soon.I was at least expecting an intro and the ability to set up my organisation/team/base before being dropped into a mission. I thought it was possible to customise agents? I couldn't find any way of doing that in this version."
76561197997698036,Not Recommended,268870,16531249,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mamel,
76561198009786810,Not Recommended,268870,31905438,Posted: 22 May,all,Roz Britanicus,BOB of the poo variety
76561197960748786,Recommended,268870,18384448,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Blippmando,This game would have been much more fun if it didn't crash randomly. I have no idea what's causing the crashes and nor do I know how to find out. All I know is that it's quite frustrating to keep restarting and reloading... I can't recommend this game until this is fixed. This is the only app/game that is crashing on my computer.Found another starting option that uses DX9 instead of DX11 and that works much better. Now I can give the game my approval! ;)
76561198021304152,Recommended,268870,21366461,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,flameskitten,"A rather stunningly good game. Though the interface can at times be a little aggravating, and the cloning system is about as clear as an archeological dig at the bottom of the English Channel, the game itself is brilliant. more than worth the money."
76561198078329988,Recommended,268870,21341422,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Double Atari,"I've been a massive fan of Syndicate and Syndicate Wars since their releases. They've consistently been some of my favorite games and I've always remembered them very fondly. Here's what's different this time:Corporations are monolithic institutions with control over every facet of the world. The police are omnipresent, but if you get caught by them, they're just as likely to beat you and rob you as they are to arrest you. Everything you see is connected to a network which can be exploited to breach all sorts of security. Civilians are everywhere, but they don't really do anything other than walk around aimlessly and have no real purpose.Oh...oh THE GAME! The game, right. Satellite Reign is awesome and it's an excellent Syndicate game. If you liked Syndicate you should check it out. If you loved the Syndicate games, you need to buy this one."
,Recommended,268870,29490727,Posted: 25 January,all,Cosmonaut,"It's a fun squad-based RTS, with some neat power customization. My only real complaint is that the multiplayer aspect is a bit janky right now. My friends and I went through hell to get all four of our games synced up, only to run into game crippling bugs upon trying to resume the save the next day."
,Recommended,268870,29523141,Posted: 27 January,all,Jamie,"Pretty good sneak-and-enter (or shoot-stuff-up-and-enter). Lots of variety in approaches to missions, meaningful tradeoffs in weapons vs defences (plasma/lasers vs armor/shields). I went through pacifist until endboss so I'm leaning toward stealthy play, but there's certainly enough weapons to go around for those that want to go loud.Tried multiplayer but the very early game drags on a little until you start getting skillups - I'd recommend starting singleplayer, rescuing character 4, hitting the bank + ATMs, and then running back and forth in a safe restricted area for a bit (bank backdoor area works) and then inviting the rest of the group once everyone has 4 or 5 points to spend."
,Recommended,268870,17825296,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Urvis,"TASTE THE LASER RAINBOW.Just Yes.Could be harder though, time for self imposed rules? [edit]NEVERMIND, new modes, difficulty, thanks devs bois."
,Recommended,268870,17909927,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SC,"I've played Satellite Reign for about 12 hours (6 hours weren't counted due to offline mode).Even though I was a huge fan of Syndicate (Wars), I never kickstarted this because the kickstarter seemed to promote fancy graphics over gameplay. When they came out of Early Access I bought the game because I was curious and left me pleasantly surprised.The game feels very much Syndicaty to me. You roam around a city doing cyborgy stuff, and there's plenty to do. It can be quite challenging, and you more or less get to set your own pace. In a way SR does some things better than the original that inspired this title; the things you do in the world make a lot more sense and serve you well, and the agent specialization and skill system work really well.That said, the game isn't without its flaws. Combat can be frustrating (due to technical issues; responsiveness of agents, pathfinding, enemy spawning, illogical terminal placements, etc), the other side of the coin means that it can be incredibly rewarding when you /do/ manage to complete a mission.(TLDR) Despit its flaws, it's still a really interesting game that plays unlike anything else that was released in recent years, and well worth the price they're asking (which at this time of writing is below 30 euro). But if you're someone who gets frustrated easily, you may want to skip this one."
76561198162983912,Not Recommended,268870,17961470,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,WhaitJeezus,"I was a HUGE fan of Syndicate Wars.With this I was looking forward to reliving the gritty impact of that game...But as it stands... I personally feel this game was not worth the money.First, My computer meets recommended requirements and it is capable of running The Witcher III quite nicely, which I believe is a much more resource hungry game.That said... the following bothered me so much that I don't want to play any further than the 5 hours I've put into it (SR) so far.1. The camera only rotates a few degrees. Many times I've wanted to get a better view and was unable to do so.2. The Ziplines seems forced and unneccesary. I find no pleasure in this feature.3. The fast travel spoils it for me, but that's a matter of personal taste.4. The game takes a long time to load. I've spent what feels like at least five minutes just waiting for progress bars; The satellite connection needs to be established both before and after I load a saved game? I'm not sure what this refers to but I imagine it's the process of loading the scene and all the assets... it takes a while.And finally, when the game is up and running...5. The frame rate is poor and the AI is erratic. I've watched a security guard run up and down the door-door stairway at least ten times for no apparent reason... and sometimes they seem to notice me when I was certain that the coast was clear.I can appreciate the effort that went into making this games and the visual assets are quite nice to look at...But for the frustrations above, I feel like I've spent more money on this than I would have liked. The game simply doesn't feel fun. I also feel like the hype generated around this acclaimed successor is overrated.I would not recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,268870,18069944,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ciggerette Smoking Man,"Enjoyable gane . if you enjoy a strategic game where you can Employ either Stealth or all out action with cover based tactics, then this is your game. set in a Repressive Neon lit Dystopia Ruled by Economic Corps and corrupt politics."
76561197977649322,Recommended,268870,18068871,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Echoic,Surprisingly good for a low budget game.
,Recommended,268870,18079296,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Han Yolo,Straight dope cyberpunk fire.
76561198103405557,Recommended,268870,17906803,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,brbrbr,"despite being relatively short its quite interesting game.in past days i played a lot syndicated and syndwars, but its not direct sequel.so if you like cyberpunk or sci-fi or action/management/rogue kind of games - give it a try."
,Recommended,268870,17835801,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Genocidocles,"So entertaining that I forgot to breathe for a couple minutes while playing, any asphyxiation related deaths on my part should be laid squarely at the feet of the developers and the people who funded the game."
76561198016172363,Recommended,268870,17825391,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Vape,"So far, am really liking this game.  The setting is well done and as a fan of Syndicate of old, this is a good ""remake"" if you will.Will buy DLC if any is released."
76561197961701030,Not Recommended,268870,17826298,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SmartPaRts,This is less a strategy and more a stealth puzzler with strategy and RPG elements. AI is subpar.
76561198146687992,Recommended,268870,18202025,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,kespeppercorn,really difficult to get into. There is little to no help. I would recommend checking out gamerNate on You tube as he gives a quick over view of the start. Once you get into it it is a really good game. Very Challenging with lots of puzzles. There are always more than one solution to every puzzle. If you have the patience go for it.
,Recommended,268870,18179351,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Evil Morty,"As a big fan of the Syndicate Wars games, this game nails it! It not only capitalizes on the nostalgia factor. It has done an excellent job of innovating with the various team members, abilities, and game play methods. The progression system feels good, and the only thing I feel is missing is the ""Minigun"" notification. Although I haven't actually found one, I'm really hoping it is there."
,Recommended,268870,18197771,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Taelorn,"A great successor to Syndicate, with substantial improvements due to the open world gameplay."
,Recommended,268870,18253358,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,eslave242,"Best game I've played in a very long time.  Totally captures the essense of ""Syndicate"".  The game world is very detailed (awesome textures), with lots of subtle references to cyberpunk pop-culture.  The music and sound effects are a pleasant part of this highly replayable game.  And once you beat it, I suggest replaying it in ironman mode with double damage enabled."
76561198079497185,Recommended,268870,18689905,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ottavio,Fun game overall. It has good tatical concepts and character advancements. The open world city captures the genre very well. I like the flexibility of gear and weapons.The game is not without its faults. AI can be pretty buggy at times. The story is lacking a bit. It also feels like the game doesn't scale it's difficulty enough towards the end of the game.
76561198025000804,Recommended,268870,18651296,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Someone3,A great game for those who loved syndicate. Not much replayability but it's extreemly enjoyable the first time through. Definitely worth the cost.
76561197978392852,Recommended,268870,17863286,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,MadBater,"Pros-Enjoyable game.  The game allows you to tackle objectives the way you want.  You can smash your way in or sneak.  I play a combination of the two.   Map design is good that it makes choices on making those objectives enjoyable.  The Art and music are fitting the game.  Nothing seems out of place.  Controls work well.  Leveling and character outfitting is well done and makes sense.Cons-The game play has some quirks.  Path finding issues, small problem but noticeable if not careful.  The factions act as enemies and allies at the same time.  If you hijack a person of another faction and bring them in to another factions base they will attack them, but if you alerted a faction and run into another faction will attack you as if they were on the same side. Also rare but noticeable is when your character gets stuck on terrain.Conclusion-Buy this game.  The issues with the game are not major and will probably get fixed with a patch.  Fun experience for me so far."
76561197993048791,Recommended,268870,17858977,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,A Pimp Named Slickback,"This game is awesome. I lost interest in RTS's many years ago as I found them all much the same...This is a standout title I would recommend to any RTS fan. Reminds me of the old Commando's series so if you are a fan of those, this is a must have game."
,Recommended,268870,18124417,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Fluorescent Che Guevara,"The perfect homage to the original Syndicate game. The persistent world is gritty and dark, cyberpunk in style. Loads of different ways to complete your missions, ranging from walking in the front door guns blazing to sneaking through a side entrance and slipping through gaps in the patrols. It's basically the game 12 year-old me wished Syndicate was when I first played it."
76561198004279587,Recommended,268870,18160538,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,The Nasty,Its a good game.Just go get it!
76561198127366964,Recommended,268870,18806229,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Vam,This game is awesome I love the feel and the way its brutal. I only have one thing that bugs me is there is no pause and your agents requrie a ton of micro if you anything happens that you didnt plan for. That said the slow down time ability is helpful but really removes using your agents to there full potential.All this to say I could just really suck at the game.Either way buy it you wont regret it!
,Recommended,268870,18812977,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,KermitTheFragger,Great game!
,Recommended,268870,22125431,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Storm,"If you were a fan of Syndicate Wars.......""...... Target in LOS....Request order update?""""Destroy""Then you will really like this game. If it had the ""Cataclysm"" weapon it would have been better. It was obviously an important part of what made Syndicate Wars so much fun, raining the fire of hell down from the sky on anything unfortunate enough to get in your way. Or else why else would you name the game after it??Add it into the game as a $0.99 DLC and I will buy it! :DGood work on a really good game! I definitely reccomend it and I've been playing PC games since Wolfenstein 3D was the most controversial game on the market, so you can take my word for it."
76561198028059421,Recommended,268870,22242215,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Buddytiger,"This game was clearly made by a bunch of passionate people who played the old syndicate and loved it. I haven't played syndicate for many long years, but I couldn't help remembering it while going through this one. The old one was repetitive as hell, and this one did improve somewhat on the recipe by adding some layer of story on top of each mission, but it's still more or less of the same gameplay mechanics throughout, peppered with upgrades and various powerups to spice it up.For those who did not play the old Syndicate, this is a real time and squad based action game, where you control 4 agents in a futuristic cyberpunk city, reminescent of the movie ""Blade runner"" where it's always night time and raining. Each agent has core skills common to every agent, and a few special skills specific to their profile (soldier / hacker / support / infiltrator). You tackle various missions spread all over a big map starting low in equipment and firepower and slowly building it up.I liked the art, the environment and the music very much, and although the AI was dumb it did not stop me from liking the game. I felt like I was playing the old game again, but having grown older I viewed this game with my 2016 eyes and experience and I think that this game is a worthy successor.[edit after some checks] actually some of the devs worked on the old syndicate so that explains why the game feels so true to its ancestor."
76561198022591238,Recommended,268870,22242437,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ntsekov,"Amazing game, art direction and athmosphere. It's better than Deus Ex in some ways, as it's a cyberpunk party RPG, more my style."
76561197979084157,Recommended,268870,22084514,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,R!$e ²,i miss running around whit half the population enslaved so i can use them has shields
,Recommended,268870,22455443,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,israphil,"are you a Commandos fan?well buy this game! cause its your futuristic cyberpunk Commandos-like game.are you a XCOM fan?well buy this game too, cause its your real-time strategy XCOM!now lets rant about the awesomeness of this title:AGENTS: Satellite reign is a real time tactical squad strategy game, god that was mouthful...anyway you control four agents each with certain set of skills (Class Based as mentioned in its description) so you have a soldier as your frontliner and damage soaker/dealer, you have a support/medic that can heal and operate as a team leader and buff your other agents, a hacker that can hack atms and security doors/cameras and also HIJACK people how awesome is that!, and of course lastly my favorate class the assassin that can snipe people from a far or slice them up and close in stealth, your agents level up and you spend their points the way you want your agents to perform you can also customize your agents with augmentations from techs you steal and research, buy awesome laser and plasma prototype weapons and also a variety of gears each with a certain purpose to it.MAP: now lets talk about the map, the game has a HUGE map different districts to get access to and a lot of corporations that you need to infiltrate and encounter in order to progress and aquire techs, you can travel through the map by walking and that take time cause its really huge, or you can respawn your agents using becons scattered around in every district.Objectives: the game offers a variety of objectives and different WELL THOUGHT AND IMPLEMENTED ways to achive those objectives, through bribes, recruiting informants, hijacking indeviduals and sometimes getting your hands dirty and bloody to get informations.Satellite reign is a 10/10 game for me, the game offers everything a tactical squad game player can hope for, the only downside for me is there is no voiceover for the characters and since I am a creature driver by sounds I find that side lacking, everything else is perfect.thanks for reading"
76561198080120012,Recommended,268870,27971316,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,killer32160,"just got it after watching iton youtube and am really enjoying it. my only real issue is the really annoying and fidely controls. they take a long time to learn and even after 5 hours straight the controls are still my most regular cause of death. but upon getting over that its fun, diverse, open and is one of those rare games that make u think. if u like an inteligent gaming then this is an excelent game for u."
,Recommended,268870,20102199,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Heart-Throb Hyena,"Basically my fetishBe a cyber terrorist in a cyberpunk world. Spend 30 minutes just harassing local law enforcement and murdering them. Start attacking bases and clearing objectives with extreme prejudice and not really play to the main plot.In all seriousness this game has so many great parts about it, you can replay it multiple times, theres many paths to choose but only one that really is tough. Not being a total asshat.You can highjack people to conscript them to your cause and use them as cannon fodder, overload power couplings and generally just cause some chaos to clear areas.The graphics are gorgeous (even on my potato comp)The AI is responsive but sometimes stupidThe difficulty is well, mid-levelThe tactics are necessary, You need cover.Some character customization available.The enviroment just makes me sigh, its so beautiful. You can spend time zoomed in just looking at your characters and the people around you to see what neat little outfits they are wearing.I will have to legitimately give this 8.5/10.Highly reccomended for RPG/RTS/Sci-fi Fans."
76561197993246205,Recommended,268870,20155355,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,shanatar the last memebender,"I can't believe I haven't heard about this game until now! I haven't stopped playing it since installation, and 7 hours later I'm still stoked with it. It's got an X-COM meets Deus Ex vibe, and I love it. I really hope the devs bring out more stuff, huge potential."
76561198044420676,Recommended,268870,20076774,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Silly Season,"It's a ton of fun. We were trying to categorize it and came up with Real Time, Squad Based, Tactical RPG.I love the cyberpunk aesthetic and the gameplay had me hooked. I bought it with a bunch of others in the holiday sale and intended to try them all out on a day off, but never ended up turning this one off!"
76561198019202529,Recommended,268870,20318274,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,jade.wayfarer,"I would definitely recommend this game to all fans of the old Syndicate game series. And even if you don't know what Syndicate is, this game is worth looking into. Cyberpunk setting, decent looks, really interesting tactics which become even more interesting deeper in the game.There are still some non-critical bugs in the game, and story ending may be somewhat underwhelming, but all in all it is a very good game, which I've really enjoyed playing."
76561198002606504,Recommended,268870,20160916,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,hmurrieta,"Awesome, great flashback for those of use who played ""Syndicate"" :D"
76561198006581833,Recommended,268870,20159256,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,menelwa,"Syndicate feeling got me from first minutes and cyberpunk was always my cup of tea.Good things:- atmosphere- graphics- gameplay- controls (2/3)- pathfinding- some skills (<3 scan)- security systems- more ways how to get to same placeBad things:- ingame menu- save game not contains active pings, so load mean you need go to that menu and activate- weapon icons cannot be smaller :-/- AI of agents is on pure zeroFor me there are not much games what can be compared to this game. I bough it and i was greatly surprised :)"
76561198038121242,Recommended,268870,20159698,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,phyk_xun,Good game!! Add more!!! Add more!!!
76561198013464404,Recommended,268870,20238754,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,natsirt86,"I've only been playing the game for a couple of hours, but I can only hope to get a good amount of play time out of it. This is by far one of the best games I've played lately. I watched a few trailers before and after the game's release, but was mostly just curious about it. I finally picked it up and just after the quick tutorial I was fully invested, if you aren't sure about the game I suggest watching a video of the quick tutorial to make your decision.The game has a great art style and graphics are more than I could hope for. The gameplay is fairly simple but leaves a lot up to your own preferred play style. You can break into places guns blazing or carefully sneak in using various abilities and techniques. There is a lot of customization for your character skills and equipment, I can't wait to see what it's like further into the game. I saw a hint of co-op multiplayer on the game's website and look forward to playing it with friends.The only downside I have with the game so far is the menu's blur effect, it throws off my vision and I try to view it as quickly as possible. There is a lot of story and interesting details to check out here, so hopefully its something you can change at some point."
,Recommended,268870,20185565,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TooBigToFail,"This is very reminicent of Syndicate which I loved back in the Amiga days, and I'm sure can be played in the same way.... run in, shoot everything, run out. Bam!However there is a surprising amount of satifaction from creeping around and trying to achive everything with stealth.Very enjoyable either way and definitely worth picking up on sale."
76561198036759692,Recommended,268870,20408807,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Billy Bob Joe,8 out of 10 add a pause button and more stuff to do besides missions and i would give 11/10
,Recommended,268870,20416429,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Yannalic,I recommed this game for all those who didn't got a chance to play Syndicat
76561197983958180,Recommended,268870,20423394,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,daverules,"If you played Syndicate(1993) and Syndicate Wars(1996), this will bring back memories."
,Recommended,268870,19981557,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Omni-Whale,Put stats into my hackers hijacking. Made super soldiers and a hijacked army. Wooped a strongholds♥♥♥♥♥through distractions caused by the hijacked army and my infiltratiors ability to instakill troublemakers. Walked out of the stronghold in a blaze of glory and no deaths.I would recomend the game. Its great for a strategy game or if your into massive weapon overkill a great brute force game. You really can play it different ways unlike a few similar games where its just a shoot and run type game. You can send in scouts to get a scope of your hit or you can simply blast the front doors open and walk straight in and take care of business.10/10 would hijack a army of heavy gunners again.
76561197984771824,Recommended,268870,20002772,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nuts,"Very much the cousin if the old DOS game, ""Syndicate Wars,"" with several acknowledgements of its predisessor (images on billboards). Short tutorial with a slight learning curve.  Start as a squad of equals and develope each into a unique skill set. Lots of repititious go and steal this, hack that, blow @#$% up.  Kind of  a maze game with guns, with several ways of solving each challenge (stealth, sabatoge, kill-them-all-and-let-God-scrape-up-his own).  Specific classes for your characters adds to the strategy, along with weapon load outs, optional equipment, and cybornetic upgrades, with pros and cons to every upgrade to your teammates.  If you like steam puck futuristic squad based shooters, this is a good title for you.Good graphics, but not top notch.Interesting storyline and plot.Slight repition to mission types.Lots of guns and explosives to play with.Buy on sale.7.5/10"
,Recommended,268870,19973736,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,KarateKite,"I'm giving this a positive rating because it's quite enjoyable, but I want new buyers to be aware of something.I found this game really fiddly to play, in the way that a game from the 90s would be fiddly to us now. Some of the UI/UX concessions we are used to are not here. The biggest issue is that there is no AI on your squad members, so they don't indulge in sanities like returning fire when being fired upon. The game doesn't even notify you when your people are getting shot, it just happens silently. It would have been preferable to have a simple rule: When your weapons are drawn, get to the nearest cover and return fire.I'm also sort of clumsy and prone to mis-clicking and sending my people around to the wrong side of cover. Games like this usually have tactical pause, and normally I just pause and reissue the command. But Satellite Reign doesn't have a pause mode, it only has a 'Team Stim' skill that slows time for about 5 seconds and then takes a few seconds to recharge. It's not bad, it's just different, but 'different' can be hard to get used to."
76561198009328349,Recommended,268870,20021075,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sara Dr In Te House,"This game oozes Sydicate.  So Fun. So Beautiful. So Frustrating.Pros+ Enemy units do not stick to a planned route.+ Great selection of weapontry+ Each team member has different skills+ Maps designed for sneaking and frontal assults+ Pretty funny easter eggsCons- Squad don't change targets after killing an enemy.- Squad don't target an enemy when getting shot at- Bugs.- Saved game corruption.- Progress stopping bugs.I absolutely love this game however there are some issues that still neeed to be fixed.  The developer is still working an resolving issues which I am very happy about.  The frustration after spending an hour or more making my way through an enemy stronghold, getting the prize and then the person carring the package getting stuck in a ventalation duct or going through a door and not coming out the other side has caused a rage quit on more than 1 occasion.  Units not rendering but still there.  An enemy soldier may not be rendered but it is still there and often killing your squad without you being able to see it to target it.Even with the complaints, I still give the game a 9/10 rating.  I would consider a 10/10 if it wasn't for the bugs."
,Recommended,268870,19905056,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Artophwar,"If you liked Syndicate and Syndicate Wars you will like this game. If you never played those previous games but are a fan of realtime tactics you will like this game. If you are a fan of XCOM you will probably like this game. Its awesome infiltrating bases with multiple paths to the goal. Leveling and upgrading your squad is fun. Lots of gear to choose from.Graphics are awesome, the music is great.I would recommend to anyone who enjoys fun. :P"
,Recommended,268870,19985751,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Reiken,"This is basically Syndicate, and I loved Syndicate. Was a nice challenge for a change as well.Incursions into hostile territory can go from a nice, quiet sneaking mission to♥♥♥♥♥♥up and your agents are being swarmed by corporate security.Alternatively you can blow open the front door and go guns blazing and see how well that goes.Would love to get more games in the same vein.10/10 Would mindjack again."
76561197961264306,Recommended,268870,20096750,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Rifled,"If you liked the original Syndicate, you will like Satellite Reign. This game brings back a lot of memories.  SR is open world with some nice UI overhauls and other added game play features, but plays very much like the original.   Augment your agents, go in sneaky or guns blazing.  Think of it as what the new Syndicate should have been.  A few minor bugs, but nothing game breaking.  One was really funny as my plasma beam got stuck on with infinite ammo so it just mowed down everything as I walked through the base.It will take a beefy computer to run it on ultra.  With 780ti and 4470K and 16 Gb ram at 1920x1200 res everything was on max and it was averaging 56fps with drops into the mid 40's, but still very playable.  16-20 hour play through if you complete all tasks.   Very much recommended."
76561197971986943,Not Recommended,268870,20256036,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,p01550n,Syndicate reborn could be fun if if was less buggy :-stupid pathfinding-agents taking fire passively without counter attacking-agents disappear after using an elevator-agent getting out of cover during gunfight for no valid reason-...
,Recommended,268870,24664246,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Kr3m,"Simply put this game is awesome.  If you're a fan of cyberpunk and strategy, this is a great game.  I haven't had as much time to play this game as I'd like, but I can say this is one that I won't be uninstalling until I finish it.  If you don't mind a challenge, ignore the naysayers.  If you prefer a game to hold you hand, you might want to try titles rated for children..."
76561198037844773,Recommended,268870,30830659,Posted: 30 March,all,looserette,"Great surprise when playing that game.A sort of blend between Syndicate and Commandos.Can become repetitive by the end, but still fun to play"
76561197967288772,Recommended,268870,24382638,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,D64NZ,"Really enjoying this game. I like the orginal Syndicate and this reminds of an improved version of that. I'm not too far in but I'm impressed with the wide variety of tactics you can use to get the task done. You pick and choose your favourite clones and oddly kinda get attached to them. If the enemy has better guy well you can just go steal them, if you're careful.Haven't noticed any bugs so far, and the only thing I'd like is fast travel from the map screen rather than in game. I don't want to say too much cause it's a lot of fun stumbling on new tactics. Someone new to games might struggle a bit with the interface, but any seasoned gamer will pick it up very quickly."
,Recommended,268870,24690736,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SkyNet,"A fun nostalgic romp through the ever bright, but somehow still perpetually dark, future.A solid successor to the Syndicate series and just a generally entertaining game for people unfamiliar with that series."
76561198083183528,Recommended,268870,24348868,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,AceMasters,"8/10Syndicate is an old favourite and this reminds me of it. The gameplay itself  is challenging and enagaging. There are many ways you can beat missions, shoot it out, sneak, hack, hijack enemies to do your bidding..."
,Recommended,268870,30826613,Posted: 29 March,all,iceberglives,"Live action tactical RPG. I loved it. The customization options for agents are somewhat limited, but the game is cool in the sense that it gives you an objective at a location, and how you complete that objective is completely up to you. You can stealth your way through so that no one ever knows you were there or go in guns blazing (though some times a limited degree of stealth is required). Very similar to Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun if you have played that."
76561198202087932,Recommended,268870,24758259,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Zaithul,"Successor of syndicate and syndicate wars.Game is ok if you play alone, but just ok, because it gets boring after a while.Really good game if you play co-op with friend(s).Pros:- Great Cyberpunk feel.- Sneaking is the best part of this game.- Money gain and leveling are done well.- CO-OP!Cons:- Dying in this game means almost nothing.- Level scaling enemies.- Repetiteve mission objectives."
,Recommended,268870,24094713,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,thraeq,The game is awesome.  I love it.  Lots of replayability.  I enjoy trying to sneak into compounds and trying out all sorts of different things.  Feels awesome to get cool loot and use it to break into the next place.
76561197964205964,Recommended,268870,24001014,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SneakyMishkin,"I used to keep a PC in the closet that ran Windows 98 just so I could load up Syndicate and Syndicate Wars every so often and newer versions of Windows just didn't work right.   I recycled that computer.  This is a great successor to the originals with some cool new features.  I was skeptical about the classes at first but they do work and make it fun.Graphics, mood and atmosphere are all great.   Although I wish they had brought back the voice when you select your weapon.  Friends of mine still drop a ""Mini gun"" and ""Gausss...Gun"" in reference to the old voices.Gameplay.  It's fun.  I played without cloning drops as I found it made the game too easy but the combat is so satisfying I found myself wanting to go into the major bases repeatedly just to have fun mowing down enemies.Get it."
76561198007101249,Recommended,268870,25539823,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,lo_cash,"If you played the Syndicate games like me I think you'll like this game.  the city you play through is huge, the abilities are pretty cool for each agent.  They also add a stealth element to the game as well which I was pretty pleased with (it's not outstanding though).  Fans of the older Syndicate games will notice there are elements of researching and kidnapping people in the level to turn into agents.  What's different from Syndicate is that it left me with the impression that you do this all within the game...which brings me to the interface.Unfortunately the games interface IS pretty bad, making clone agents, inventory management and even managing your weapons in the level can be a pain.despite recommending it (perhaps my nostalgia is hitting me too hard), I did notice my game crashes if I reload (either because I suck as sneaking or some of the guard AI is pretty difficult in some areas).  So be aware of that and consider all this before you buy."
,Recommended,268870,25613286,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Clankwork,This game for me was a real joy. Wether as a coop experience or just something to do all by your lonesome it is something I'd highly recommend!
,Recommended,268870,25617289,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,j0shua_w,"I have always loved isometric stlye strategy games, and this one has taken up a lot of time. Repetitive as the structure is, I have enjoyed exploring and probing ways to stealthily get into places, and just as much enjoyed it when it all goes balls up in a compound and reinforcements come bundling in.Research and fund management break the monotony slightly, and the heavy reliance on the hacker/infiltrator types kinda pushes a more 'correct' way of accomplishing things.System is struggling with full graphics settings, but I find it reasonable at medium settings."
76561197997969723,Recommended,268870,26063311,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ColonelSidequest,"Nice remake of the old Syndicate; fun times for sure.Squad based real-time game, where the squad members each have special ability.  Fun time."
76561198031407402,Recommended,268870,25923028,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,lastblacknight,"I really enjoyed this game,  it allows you to customise your team to your own playstyle."
,Recommended,268870,25948794,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Titan552,8/10This game is pretty fun but managing all the characters in your group at once to coordinate an attack is kind of wonky.if you could pause and issue orders it would be a 10/10.
76561198079324657,Recommended,268870,26240853,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,oconnomo,Fun game. I wish the engine from this and the writers from the Harebrained crew joined forces to make the ultimate shadowrun game.
76561198334180394,Recommended,268870,26473352,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,_unicorn_,"This has just become one of my favourite real time strategy games!I'm still really early in the game, but the atmosphere and ambient world really made me enthusiastic.I'll update this review later when I have come futher in the game."
76561197987840757,Recommended,268870,28192781,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Kokuyouseki,"I liked the original Syndicate. This game is not Syndicate. Pretty far from it. And in a good way. While syndicate was a run and gun type of game, and you were the one shooting and aiming, this handles like a tactical rpg.While the graphics are pretty good though obviously not the best there is and the game has some rough edges here and there in the form of bugs or control issues, the guys making this beauty really loved their job. Or knew what they had to do.The game has a surprising depth and everything in it is to make gameplay better. No unnecessary trash, no handholding, it's quite brutal, yet at the same time it allows you to try again as many times as you want.Kind of like Santa with a knife. He stabs you, but smiles while doing it and then even bandages you, waits till you heal up... then stabs you again.Those that like coop or even just single player, are in luck - the game works nicely though as mentioned some bugs my surface - since you can drop in drop out, coop client control loss issues are easily circumvented and they rarely pop up thankfully (while at the same time this is the only actual bug I can name, don't remember any others).It's like why indie games are usually better than AAA titles, personified. Basically you trade polish for depth and true entertainment. Okay, the ending could use some work in my opinion but overall it was worth the cost I paid for it. Not many games can say that about themselves, on sale or not.Job well done and it shows."
76561197972496888,Recommended,268870,28264594,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Hellion,Fun to play. A great cyber punk feel.
,Recommended,268870,28691511,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,bane,This game is great so far! But this is really just a message to the devs because you can get through locked gates just by being in cover on them and then clicking cover on the other side. You just warp through the gate.
,Recommended,268870,23640330,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Novastorm,"This was the most amazing game that represent syndicate from the old days.. The in game ambient music also got me in the mood... Being an 80's kid, I loved Syndicate and I truly loved this game.. A must have for the fans..I enjoyed every moment of it."
,Recommended,268870,23672331,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,819Gaming,"If you enjoy cyberpunk you'll enjoy this game.I picked it up a while ago, only have maybe 30 minutes  and I sucked at the game (I still do now to some extent) but after feeling really in the mood for a cyberpunk game I decided to play it again. Got through the first mission, did a couple of bits and bobs in the world and oh my god I can't believe I skipped on it before.The strategy is fun, the story is interesting and the whole city design itself captures the cyberpunk feel perfectly.Every time I enter a restricted area and a tense skulking about followed by a firefight (avoidable if your good unlike me) keeps me engaged. However I recommend playing in bursts as it can seem monotonous in the way you move around the city.The different classes, (Soldier, Support, Hacker and Infiltrator) are a nice balance between Uniqueness and Similarity. To put it simply a Soldiercouldhack a terminal but a Hacker does it better. A Hackercouldfight off the local Security forces but a Soldier does it better. The beauty of this is, is that it means you're never limited in options which is crucial when things come down to the wire.Overall the game is fun if you're craving something cyberpunk in a pinch but can also become kinda boring when played in large intervals. So I shall give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,268870,22545341,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Keeper Garrett,"Satellite Reign is a very good proof of concept that truly captures the mood and feel of the classic Syndicate games. What isn't asked though, is if that is a very good idea. I remember the Syndicate games feeling old only a few years after their release. The combat controls just weren't precise enough and the environments and missions felt samey.Reign's story, limited though it is, makes more sense than Syndicates, one long night of bringing down a corporation. It too suffers from average controls, lacking in finese to get your agents to do what you want. In stealth and hacking, the game succeeds. That is why I recommend this game. It's satisfying and very well made, but the game they were emulating perhaps wasn't the best idea. It is very good that a carbon copy was not made."
76561198007622141,Recommended,268870,22511466,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,fat4eyes,"Syndicate in 2015. Very well done mechanics, great setting and atmosphere, but has performance problems."
76561198023562299,Recommended,268870,22561769,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,JohnSten,"great game, recommended if you like syndicate"
,Recommended,268870,22555678,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Deathwalker,Awesome gameSure it has some flaws but this is nevertheless the best Syndicate-like gameplay since EVER
,Recommended,268870,22738577,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ninoricolus,"It does have a view bugs and I found it really hard in begging, even in script kiddie mode. But I haven't enjoyed a game like this in quite a while. I takes a while to find your best style but once you have it the missions go quite smoothly. And the end is nice. I really felt a sense of achievement when I finished."
,Recommended,268870,22779646,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,charlietakethetrench,"really interesting game, I wish it was possible to play it exclusively with a controller, but there's a lot of stuff going on. keeps you engaged and it's definitely something unique."
76561198033316456,Recommended,268870,20022622,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CommGunner,"EDIT: Due to the game developers doing a good job in fixing bugs after release, I have now changed my original negative review into a positive one. For reference, here is my original negative review:Great game, however it was released out of Early Access a bit too early. There are still a few bugs that must be fixed. Therefore, I cannot recommend the game at this time.I am unable to complete a mission due to a character, whom I was supposed to escort, getting wounded during a mission and not respawning. Therefore, I am currently waiting for this bug to be fixed before I continue my game.I am not the only one having this issue. Several other people have reported similar problems on the Steam forums.Also, it happens quite often that characters get stuck.Once these bugs (and a few other issues) have been fixed, I will gladly change my negative rating for this game into a positive one."
,Recommended,268870,22866624,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,alehman,"Interesting take on the Syndicate franchise.  Picked this up during the winter sale, and it provides a fair amount of content, but there isn't much replay value.My biggest complaint is that some of the missions character feel like you're dragging along a fifth wheel.  They generally have no abilities, and you're very handicapped by how weak they are.Overall, it was a pretty good 30 hours of entertainment."
76561198024391681,Recommended,268870,22756856,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,dragonpumpkin,"Lovd it. The atmosphere, the hunt for technology, the hiding and sneaking, the ziplining, the sprint away when I'm discovered. Yes, my dudes are thick as planks. Yes, there's the odd bug or two. Yes, they'll stand there staring at a guard blasting them in the face with a vacant expression on their face. But I don't care - I loved it anyway. Play for an hour, get to grips with the controls and the fact that you need to tell every what to do all the time and you will absolutely love it."
76561197990035156,Recommended,268870,22698163,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Freight Train,"To me, this game was very entertaining.  Well worth the $20 I spent.  I loved the feels, the action and the character upgrade system.Pros:- Graphics- Gameplay- Progression System- Various Weapons/Skills- Cloning SystemCons- Several times I got 'stuck in the world' and couldn't get out without a restart- Enemy variety was lacking- I could use slightly more content; but I am greedy like that"
,Recommended,268870,22857832,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Maverick977,"Satellite Reign really draws you in and keeps you interested throughout the game.  It plays as an RTS, but has an option to play with a 'Pause-Mode' that maxes out a time-slowing ability off the bat.  Guns blazing or stealth-based, this game let's you play the way you want to play."
76561198151803878,Recommended,268870,22869986,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,MongVas,The only downside about this game is it's too cyberpunk. The four classes are very distinct with some overlap so as not to force the player to use all the characters all together. Being able to hijack and teleport is very useful. Just a word of advise: if you're on Linux you may need to press 'shift' with ctrl in order to get some things to work (like stealth kills).
,Recommended,268870,24166253,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TameR,If u loved syndicate and syndicate wars this is a must 4 u its a syndicate 3
76561198013644125,Recommended,268870,24366878,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,sharpedgs,"Wow. That opening and picking your company logo/colour gave me instant flashbacks to Bullfrog's ""Syndicate"". An old game that I highly recommend.As I also recommend this game. Only 2 hours in, but so far I like the layout and the controls. Combat feels modern and tactical without being overwhelming. Almost not looking forward to team stims, since I like to keep it going but it's an option available when starting a new game.I would like to be able to play around with my squad composition a bit more. Maybe try an all infiltrator squad, or run around with only 2 guys.Overall a decent enough single player game that I don't really care if they actually finish the multiplayer. Another thing reminiscent of older games."
,Recommended,268870,24362196,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Apollyon,"I have the Sydnicate orignal box (and floppies) I had in the early 90s sitting on my bookshelf. Nice ""spiritual successor"" if you liked Syndicate back in the day"
76561198043772543,Recommended,268870,24360925,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,aerinyes,"I play fairly slowly, I suppose, but I have 27 hours in on Satellite Reign as of my first beating of it.  It's not bad.  there's no real customizability, no real choices to make, no consequences that i noted to making any particualr choice.  No significant replay value.  Gameplay works well, cover works, and getting surrounded is a death sentence.A number of the achievements are bugged - specifically the pacifist achievements - as i got all of them and i was by no means pacifistic.FPS was low on occasion, not as low as others noted - this may be explained by the brute of a PC i playted it on, but i never dropped below ~35 FPS, which is more than playable if you're not picky.  Anything over 20 is gravy on games like these, as far as i'm concerned.Pick it up on sale if you like fairly linear top down tactical shooters."
76561197999280406,Recommended,268870,24362716,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,baelshrakraenoc,"when I picked up this game, I thought it was going to be a squad-based strategy game, kinda like the commandoes. what I didn't know was that it was going to be such an amazing open world heist game. casing each stronghold and then dropping into bullet time so your infiltrator gets to sneak in at just the right time was amazing.I think my only regret with this game is that the last mission had me running going to assasinate the CEO, so I set up a beautiful execution. he was standing right next to the end of a zip line from a less guarded point of his stronghold, so I had my guys zip down the line, getting off and just opening up with heavy weaponry as my infiltrator sniped him from accross the catwalk; guy dropped like a sack of potatoes...only for my game to glitch and have him come back infinitely without spawning the next chain of the final fight.Still, even with the final mission being combat dependent, the game I got up to that point was such an amazing heist game that I can't recommend it enough, have fun and don't forget to pick up the stealth kits early(seriously; that stuff is AMAZING)"
76561198116238964,Recommended,268870,20911957,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,pimanych,"Syndicate's ideas and sprit are implemented quite good, but the game itself requires bugfixing and optimization."
76561197999941755,Recommended,268870,20105688,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,rook_1369,This game has amazing potential. I have enjoyed what I have played so far.It reminds me of the old DOS game Syndicate series of games by Bullfrog.(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syndicate_(series)I am not sure how this could lend to Co-Op but that could be fun to play with my friends.I just purchased copies for each of them over the 2015 holiday sale. At $13 each for the Deluxe Edition it was a bargain.
,Recommended,268870,20095832,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheZach007,"THIS is the game that I looking for! In here, you can do anything with a single click, like strategy games does. You'll never get bored with the gameplay because there are more than 1 character to play and it has upgrades to acquire. All I can say about this game is, AWESOME!"
,Recommended,268870,20581605,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,=C-D= Ceranoe,"NOTE: THIS GAME IS GREATLY CPU INTENSIVE, MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A BEEFY CPU!The review: After finally getting a cpu that can play this smoothly, this is a great game that was made by the developers of the original syndicate series, including syndicate and syndicate: wars. Do not let the syndicate from 2012 give you a tainted view on what was once a top notch game series, as these devs had nothing to do with it. Satellite reign is the spiritual successor to syndicate and syndicate wars, bringing new features and combining it with the old. If you have played the older syndicates then you most likely know what youre getting into, however if you havent then keep reading. you play the role of a CEO opperating a hostile takeover of this city after corperate corruption has overdone politics, you remotely control an elite team of 4 cloned operatives to do your bidding, research new tech and expand your secret corperate empire by taking control of the assets of your enemies. using your modified clones you will kill, steal, wreak havoc and coherse your way through an insanely detailed open world from a birds eye point of view. the controls are rather simple and the AI could have been improved a bit more but overall this game does the classics more justice than the shooter reboot in 2012. i do recommend getting it if youre a fan of the classic syndicate or if youre looking for a uniqe strategy/tactical experience."
76561198010016172,Recommended,268870,20662551,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Nono,"Great cyberpunk and Syndicate spiritual sucessor. Music, grahics are enticing !Must have for all who like strategy game with futuristic setting  and RPG elements."
76561198026739755,Recommended,268870,20480732,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Funnytom,"There is a lot to love about satellite reign - its a loving homage to the syndicate games of old, and it gets a lot of things right.  I'd initally said that I did not recommend this game due to some issues I was having with lots of stuff, though playing more I have worked out how to get around issues like the cover system and get the hang of stealth as well.  The game still has issues with the cover system, and the AI will also be pretty silly at times, and I have had three occasions where my agents have fallen through the level, requiring me to reload.So yeah, its got some good points but it can be really frustrating at times, but if you loved the syndicate games of old you are likely to get some fun out of this."
76561198023643929,Recommended,268870,20556081,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,kalstarn,Played through the game once. The story was best at the beginning and the end. The tactical gameplay was great throughout the game although there were several paths that were obviously better than others.I would love to see aversion of this game with a more imersive storyline.
,Recommended,268870,20631889,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Woolsow,Best Singleplayer game of 2015. By a long shot.
,Recommended,268870,20600507,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TheSanta27,syndicate wars wars.
,Not Recommended,268870,20682760,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dimension Five,"Starts out strong, then gets BS difficult as the game progresses.  Weird spikes in difficulty all over the place.  One mission is  a breeze - the next a near impossible escort mission.  Fun for the first few hours, then it loses its charm and all the cracks in its design start to show though.  Needed some more time in the over I think."
76561198025489108,Recommended,268870,20691583,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,flowersb,"Fun game, reminds me of Syndicate, as intended. Still needs serious work.  Agents won't attack avaliable targets without you actively clicking on a target for them to attack. Augments are underwhelming.  Hotkeys are hard to read during play.  Log files should open on screen and pause action so that more backstory is consumed in game, rather than having to leave the action to read it all.The final 'boss' battle is blah, he will come to you and isn't hard to kill, but the ending is awesome."
,Recommended,268870,25215021,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wood,"8.5/10If you need a crew of terminators to unambiguously murder it's way into destroying a rival corporation on a blade runner-esque backdrop, this is your game. It's a blast. I think I got this on sale for 15 bucks and it was worth every penny, if not more. I have some thoughts on the ending and the future of this game at the end of this review.Graphics: Gorgeeous, gritty cyber-punk, it's always night time and it's almost always raining. I wished for more camera control. The Unity engine it was built on did an impressive job.Gameplay: This is a real-time strategy squad control game. If you're familiar with Syndicate and Syndicate Wars, then you know these games can be frustrating. Controlling 4 agents in a fast-paced gunfight is not easy. You won't regret taking the Team Stims skill early on. This allows you to slow down time so you can make good tactical decisions when♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan. Speaking of which, the game is very ""sandbox"", -you can take a stealthy approach or go in guns-a-blazin', and there's no penalty for mindlessly slaughtering every thing in your path, including innocent civilians. Make no mistake, this game does not punish you (unlike Deus Ex) for killing innocents. So go ahead and enjoy some collateral damage. I felt free to take on any mission I wanted at any time, in any order. I could start a gun fight anywhere for no reason at all, rob a bank, or do missions to collect blueprints, prototypes and research upgrades for my agents.Sound: I have nothing to say here, except it's good.Music: The music in this game is awesome. The 'battle song' never got old, kicking into a solid beat when bullets start flying.Story: The 'back story' if you can call it that, comes through when you hack data terminals. It's easy to miss, but you get copies of emails that you can read. Through these various emails, a rather intricate plot starts to unravel between the 3 rival corporations (The Eternals, UzyKorp, and Dracogenics). I feel like the devs, who built this game un roughly half a million USD (an impressive feat TBH), had to cut a plot-driven ending and gave us something else entirely. I liked it, but it might not impress everyone.tldr;If you like cyberpunk, GTA-style freedom, Syndicate, Syndicate Wars, buy this game.Personal note for 5 Lives Studios: I LOVE this game. But I also see soooo much potential here for more. The story revealed through hacked emails didn't translate in the gameplay and I'm wondering if there's opportunity here for a sequel. There' a ton of mod potential here too, and I missed that. Custom cities, models, missions, weapons and augs would add a lot of replay value. I would totally throw down for another kickstarter."
76561197964957155,Recommended,268870,25272417,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,GaGrin,"Superb theme and style, solid ""Commandos""-esque stealth and puzzle gameplay let down somewhat by poor combat mechanics.If you enjoy a fairly free-form tactical challenge there is plenty here for you, but the game's chaos levels may frustrate once your plan goes awry."
,Recommended,268870,25255315,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jack,"+ I simply love it. It looks good, it is fun and it reminds me on the old Syndicate.- Some pathing issues, some Bugs when you load a game while still in oneYou will forget the time while playing.""Oh just one mission before bed"" - 20:00hnext time when I took my eyes off the monitor and looked for the time it was 02:00h and it felt like I just played for 15 minutes - You can have loads of action and fights - which are not the easiest in the beginning or you can try to finish you mission secretly and without a fight.Use you agents smart and use their unique abilities"
76561198041163905,Not Recommended,268870,25189409,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,trampingaround,"I really really wanted to like this game, but imo it is too broken to be enjoyable.  I love cyberpunk, and though I found the couple Shadowrun reboots to be somewhat pleasant, they are too linear for my taste.  I was hoping for something more open world, like Satellite Reign.  Unfortunately this game is plagued by poor performance, long load screens, and it's just buggy where my characters keep getting stuck in walls.  Nothing sucks worse than being halfway through a mission only to have one of my characters get stuck in walls, and then I need to reload the mission again and pray that no one gets trapped in a wall again.  Add to it that there is a lot of the game that just isn't very intuitive and gets a half-there tutorial.tl;dr, I could live with the other little issues, but my characters have gotten stuck enough times where i'm ready to rage quit each time it happens (ie. no longer fun)."
76561198263430200,Recommended,268870,24993340,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,jejkh,Just one word: awesome !
,Recommended,268870,24997201,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Tyrannosaurus Judas,a Truck full ofSyndicateand a truck full ofCommandoscollide of the smoking wreck staggers outStellite Reign.
76561197972518312,Recommended,268870,25294237,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sergius,"Really enjoyed this title, spiritual successor to syndicate.  Performance wasn't all that, on an i7 6770k with a GTX 1070 it only ran at 40fps at 1440p.Well worth playing."
,Recommended,268870,32779981,Posted: 25 June,all,Beesoldier,"man if you like a good stealth game you've got to try this!outfitting your agents with weapons, augments, gear and skills in any direction you want...hijacking people and drones, hacking terminals, hardwiring power routers, going stealth, shooting silent, finding hiding spots, climbing vents, using ziplines...just dont try to fight those armies of armoured and shielded enemiesand minigun turretsand mechs..."
76561198010401726,Recommended,268870,32404534,Posted: 13 June,all,aimfkignoob,"Fills that syndicate sweet-tooth, for sure. Embraced the whole open world thing, research plays very well - tactical loadouts, etc - well worked (game is nice and long), awesome dev. This syndicate revival way surpasses the first 'shiny wrapper' back then. Multiplay sounds fun but dont have time for it. I'm hoping it's competitive (agents get in the way, similar missions, have to kill each other)"
76561197982231182,Recommended,268870,33395867,Posted: 8 July,all,TimSteve,"A fun diversion but not really a game you can throw yourself into: there's no RPG elements to speak of so you've only really got the gameplay itself, which is well done and good fun but does get a bit repetetive. Achievements are really buggy.I'd recommend this game to fans of RTS games but not at full price: definately one for the sales."
,Recommended,268870,33620641,Posted: 17 July,all,Pwnatonium,"this is a great game, takes some getting used to for new players to the game and the genre, well worth learning just based off the aesthetics. 2077/2100"
76561198015784036,Recommended,268870,18372938,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Dacryphilia,"It's fun, and amazing. Yes, it has problems.People complain about pathfinding?But... this isn't one of those games where you should make people run half the AO anyways."
76561197973834346,Recommended,268870,18318445,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bootsy_5kAllinZ«OG»,YES!
,Recommended,268870,18315201,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Astyrrean,"It's not quite syndicate, but it gets real close and introduces some interesting playing dynamics. Thumbs up."
76561197960448732,Recommended,268870,18391579,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Shrike30,"If you've immediately started your second playthrough after finishing your first, you know you're having a good time."
76561198006480805,Recommended,268870,17805451,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Alex,"takes bit and pieces from cyberpunk icons such as Syndicate, Syndicate Wars, Blade Runner and Neuromancer and creates a vibrant city scape with various caper mission types; (steal X, blow up Y, sabotage whatever, you get the drift), and creates an exciting realtime team strategy game.Its not without its flaws.   The game can be punnishingly difficult when you're first start off, and woe be you should you try to enter a corperate compound guns blazing; but, once you get the hang of the cover system and understand its not to be played as a run and gun game, it's a great game you will lose hours to."
76561198025315598,Not Recommended,268870,17818713,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,liquidsnake9870,got a refund and used that money to buy a gud game.It's lacking a lot of stuff that were advertised to have but at least I got my moni back :)
76561197962393715,Recommended,268870,25025288,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Mr.Bando,"Didn't know what to expect when I got this game, but was totally smitten by its premise. Set in a dystopian future where the city is run by greedy, unscrupulous, amoral megacorporations. You emerge as a rival corporation set to bringing down the big bad megecorp that has the monopoly on Immortality.You start off small and you need to build up your resources by infiltrating and stealing from other rival corporations. Weapons, Cybernetic implants, Money, Gear are all up for grabs as you build up to prepare for the final showdown.It is an open-world environment where you extend your will through your four agents. Each are a different class with their own special functions to help you go about waging corporate espionage. Most jobs have more than a few ways of going about, from guns blazing thru the front door to softly softly approach via zipline. You can customise the weapons, gear and implants to further whichever playstyle mix you choose. I say mix because you're going to need to be able to switch between going Loud and Quiet when things don't go your way.It takes a bit of getting used to for figuring our stealth and combat. There aren't any visual representation for line of sight so you'll have to be patient to get the feel for what the enemies can see and which cover will hide you from them. Otherwise knowing directional cover, using flanks, silent takedowns, agent abilities are keys to waging effective corporate warfare.Game is not without its imperfections however. AI can sometimes do stupid things at times. An Infiltrator with silenced sniper rifles screwing with patrols till they are all picked off without sounding alarm for backup is an example of the limitations of the AI. Your agents and enemies sometimes get stuck in the environment on rare occasions, forcing a suicide for affected agent. When alerted, enemies seem to develope eyes on the back of their heads to catch your agents going the other way while ignoring the big obvious distraction you've set up.But overall this game should keep you entertained for at least 40 hours depending on pace. But if you want a teamplay element added to the mix or you find it too hard to manage 4 agents all at once in realtime, there is a co op feature where you can have up to 3 other friends control an agent each, tho i find it easier just playing with one other player and just controlling 2 agents."
,Recommended,268870,24859014,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hope&Change,"I purchased expecting a mostly modern take on the old Syndicate game. I was not disappointed. Great graphics and depth to the upgrading of your agents. Plot line is pretty basic. Gameplay is a bit overwhelming at first but the complication is very rewarding later when you find that you need to try different strategy. Easily one of the more entertaining games in my library.This game does require a fair amount of thinking how to approach a scenario. And, to up the risk/reward, there is no pause, so your strategy has to be workable in realtime AND account for changes. The guards might look like they're walking a static route but they can and do change the route randomly! It makes for a much different type of strategy game than you might be used to from turn based games. You should really have at least a plan B for when it all goes wrong. If you don't, you're going to get crushed.8.5/10"
,Recommended,268870,24727344,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Shadow Ranger,"It's a good game but it isn't without it's flaws. The pathfinding is shockingly bad at times. The reaction time of the agents is often slow and unplayable. It also needs a lot of work on the sound. It just doesn't feel lively enough for a supposed living, breathing city. No use of vehicles and no full on skyscraper/bank destruction either. Get it on discount."
76561198059604523,Recommended,268870,26447625,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,EbonSamurai,"Even if you never played Syndicate way back when, this game will entertain anybody who likes a good squad based rts (think XCOM in realtime) Pick your favorite methods, be they stealth, brute force, or a combination. The game really shines when you are knee deep inside enemy territory and trigger an unexpected alarm. All this makes for a great single player experience, and if you happen to have friends to play with, it becomes something unique. The UI is a bit clunky at times but nothing that killed the experience for me."
,Recommended,268870,26420233,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,darknight,"dam fine game, had it some time now, its like an upgraded sydicate from ages ago, theres quite a lot of customization of weapons and your units, and has a great cyberpunk feel to it.really like it."
76561198008834011,Recommended,268870,26423714,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TinheadNed,"This is the perfect cyberpunk game.  There's neon lights, rain tinting the puddles.  The world is dark, the story is dark.  And in co-op the game is soo much fun!  Slightly buggy still, sometimes agents will get trapped in scenery.  But wandering through a base, being as stealthy as a SEAL team, and then breaking out rocket launchers when♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down is amazing.  Or the katana.  Or stealth kills with pistol.  Or grenades."
76561198091091039,Recommended,268870,15669184,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,incoscientemente,If you enjoyed Syndicate you MUST have this game.
,Recommended,268870,14433543,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,|-o-|,"This game is so reminiscent of Synicate, its unreal.  Great game so far; excellent graphics, the mood is awesome. Im so impressed, I totally recommend it!"
76561197997998784,Recommended,268870,15342322,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Bella,Syndicate Wars Revived! great job guys. hope the final will be superb. with more storylines..
,Recommended,268870,29463176,Posted: 24 January,all,Lord シド,Game is great! It feel that my good old game Syndicate Wars is back. I really recommend this game if you have a love for the old Syndicate series or RTS and cyberpunk with loads of neon and a great atmosphere.
76561198031469764,Recommended,268870,29505691,Posted: 26 January,all,azalin,Worthy successor to Syndicate!
,Recommended,268870,29368498,Posted: 19 January,all,LawTalkingGuy,"A game with a cool setting, awesome toys but a bit rough around the edges.  If you can look past the bugs and the difficulty spike in the middle, it definitely a gem in the rough.Pros:- Cool Cyberpunk world with lots of beautiful scenery- Lots of toys (augments, gear and weapons) to outfit your troops with.- Pulling off a mission with either stealth or brute force feels awesome!Cons:- Bugs.  I'm particularly sick of having my guys get randomly stuck in walls. :(- UX problems: there are times when you issue orders and they just don't take.  Very annoying as things can go downhill quickly on a mission.- Braindead AI, particularly for your guys.  They will stand around getting shot even though they have their guns out.  Won't take cover even when it's right in front of them.  Will shoot at a wall instead of the enemy.  You get used to when you have babysit them, but it's annoying that you have to do it at all.- Big diffculty spike in the middle of the game: right about after you clear the first area, the missions get much harder (see tips below for dealing with that).- ""Going loud"" in the early to mid game will probably get your team killed.  Later in the game once you have outfitted yourself with all the cool toys, you can easily mow down lots of enemies.  Thus the game actually gets easier later on as you can survive the mission when you screw up sneaking around.Tips:- Always do the bank mission ASAP and then hack all of the ATMs.  Half (or more) of the strength of your team is the gear you have, so more money = stronger team.- After you clear the first area and have access to the next two, go to both and do the bank missions plus ATMs.  Then use your new found money to gear up as the mission will be much harder now.- Abuse the stealth instant skill, especially with the infiltrator.  It's easy to get behind a patrol using the cloak and then murder them all before they can respond.- Grenades are powerful.  Make sure to equip them and use them on groups of enemies.  Grenades do lots damage, blow up cover and knock down enemies.- Plasma and laser weapons are the way to go.  They're stats might not look much better than bullet weapons, but shields and armor are harder to remove than regular health, so you need weapons that have bonuses against those.- Heavy weapons are mostly meh.  The exception being the rocket launcher and the plasma canon.  These are basically ""guns"" that shoot ""grenades"" :)"
76561198036069317,Recommended,268870,29366155,Posted: 19 January,all,Cottonmouth,Hidden gem. Picks up where Syndicate left off. Haven't been addicted to a games like this in years
,Recommended,268870,28917409,Posted: 1 January,all,Macho Bears,ITS SYNDICATE BUT LAGGY
,Recommended,268870,29148254,Posted: 9 January,all,scottfiab,Love this game. Picked it back up again after a year of playing other games.  Also been reading the book Altered Carbon by Richard Morgan. and this game reminds me of it.  Some of the enemy armors look like Advent in Xcom2.  I haven't even finished it yet and just enjoy the art/design and gameplay. Love that they added coop mp. Can't wait to try that!
,Recommended,268870,29096412,Posted: 7 January,all,Oscitancy,"Though it has a bit of a learning curve and the first few hours can be exceptionally frustrating if you stick with it it is a rather fun game. The puzzles and strategy aspect is not too difficult once you get the hang of it, the humour of hacking rival corps and sending them to their doom as a distraction never seems to get old. Just don't get too attached to your agents. Allowing them to die and respawning them is all part of the game. The story is lacking and you can completely forget there even is a story if you don't hack the datapoints, though it does kinda have one with an odd twist ending. If you wait for it to be on sale then it is fine for a few days of few days of glorified neon strategic killing."
76561198036250838,Not Recommended,268870,19339628,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ruud316,"Bought this for a second time as I thought I didn't give it a fair chance first time around.Enjoying it more this time, still not the blastathon that I enjoyed with Syndicate back in the 90's. I don't do stealth I'm usally armed to the teeth with mini guns and lasers. But I think it's trying to be a different sort of game.In the end I gave up, there is too much sneaking around hacking things and not enough mini gunning the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything for me.Graphics and atmos of the city are very well done, but in the end I found it just a little dull.I would of prefered a game more like Syndicate.Marks out of 10. 4/10."
76561197967784902,Recommended,268870,29572138,Posted: 29 January,all,Meitnerium,"Really good at letting you approach missions your own way and creating emergent gameplay.  Stealth, hacking, and direct combat are all viable options, and sometimes you'll want to use more than one in a single mission. Enemies are appropriately difficult if the alarms go off, but don't result in an automatic loss. There are always multiple viable ways to approach any problem. As others have mentioned, there are some glitches and problems with pathing, but none of them were frequent enough to substantially detract from my enjoyment. I had an awesome time playing this, and I hope they release a sequel"
76561197997419141,Recommended,268870,29613763,Posted: 31 January,all,Trumpeteer [SLO],Excellent successor to Syndicate wars. Though I am missing the flying cars and tanks.
76561198006730677,Recommended,268870,28978705,Posted: 3 January,all,AntiS,"Just like the good old Syndicate, and more."
,Recommended,268870,28980547,Posted: 3 January,all,Dunny Boy Williamson,"Hit all the marks for atmosphere, gameplay, and graphics for me, though the story is rather easy to miss if you don't keep up with it through the logs, and will be most likely be blankly staring at the screen wondering what the hell happened in that ending. Game feels more geared towards doing literally everything stealthy despite all the tools best suited for tearing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, but that only leads to you getting ♥♥♥♥♥tomped by overwhelming numbers with sometimes superior firepower without top quality real-time micromanagement, and is best done in co-op with each character controlled by a different player that knows what they're doing."
76561198040166546,Recommended,268870,28954528,Posted: 2 January,all,KungFucious,"Awesome game, tons of fun, don't let the haters convince you otherwise.  I loved Syndicate, to which this game is a spiritual successor.  This game is very atmospheric, has lots of nice touches, and is an overall well-thought out game with plenty of depth.  Sometimes you can operate purely in stealth, other times with guns blazing, or combinations thereof.Part of the fun was discovering what you could do with your abilities and how to use the combinations effectively, in addition to brute force.Highly recommended.  I hope there's a second one in the works!  Great work, guys."
,Recommended,268870,28849186,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SvenFu,"Good fun, especially co-op"
76561198034011260,Recommended,268870,28922794,Posted: 1 January,all,Flesh Forge,"Incredible game on so many levels, it's not quite as crunchy as Jagged Alliance 1/2 but it's very close.  Beautiful visuals and sound!"
76561197978771253,Recommended,268870,28842193,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[ Black.Beard ],"If you like n miss syndicate wars, buy this game."
,Recommended,268870,28868524,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fight Aaaaaah,"Nice graphics (even though no fully rotating camera, but you can manually rotate almost 90°, which is sufficient in everything I encountered so far... and I'm still in the first area, Downtown)Nice ambiance and atmosphere.  Very cyberpunky.Difficulty (default) is a mixed bag.  But not too hard (some will find it too easy, because I'm really not the best gamer in the world :P).  It does take some tactical thinking in places and especially in the beginning (I think, see ""Downtown"" parenthetical remark above).Cons are the camera and the lack of auto-fire.  Your characters only fire when you tell them, but they keep firing at a designated target.Frankly, with an 85% sale, you can't go wrong anyway, but I think I'd have spent more than that... if, say, I could have tried a demo.  *hint, hint, nudge, nudge* knowwhatImean"
,Recommended,268870,28844301,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TURBULENT,"Overall- I recommend this game. Definitely enjoyable, esepecaily if you're fan of Syndicate Wars.Pros:- Detailed expressions of the city of destopian future, with excellent cyberpunk atmosphere.- Co-op play available.- Good follow of the Syndicate Wars with the same feeling. If you still remember Syndicate Wars, this game would be great- Sneaky and stealthy play- Good system regarding upgrade clones, gears, and weapons.- Good ecomomic balance (researching and blueprint are expensive but IMO this idea is good).Cons:- Need more optimizaiton between performance and graphic.- Too laggy Co-op play, (sometimes) almost impossible to enjoy.- A bit easier battle and tricks when compared to Syndicate Wars. Need more challenges.- Unable to rotate 360 degree, limited rotation.- Not-that-good path finding AI and ""stuck"" in the object bug.- Non-realisitc AI behavior, specially regarding arrest and tracking the player units.- NO GTA = NO car / vehicle / tanks to ride ..... :(- (Personally) Lack of diversity of weapons, specially heavy weapons. I want RAMBO play, not the stealth.- Need more customization of characters."
,Recommended,268870,31047088,Posted: 9 April,all,Guttie,Awsome game! i finally finished it. didn't expect the ending to be like that but loved it.Its just waiting for an expansion. PLEASE PLEASE just make an expansion.another story line and like 4 more cities.
76561197972559262,Recommended,268870,31187482,Posted: 16 April,all,Seraphic,"-= COMPLETED AND HAPPY =-Overall, I enjoyed this game. If you played through the original Syndicate (Satellite Reign being the spiritual successor obviously) Then you will find joy in this game.I did make it 3/4 of the way through before the game went on hiatus for me (life got in the way) Then I came back and completed it, and was lef feeling accomplished.The storyline is near non-existant / bland apart from the introduction to the game, but all that didn't matter when it was over. (no spoilers) The ending for me personally was almost a little emotional. I had a level of satisfaction upon its completion, which I think will vary for everyone who makes it to the ending.I had one or two bugs pop-up along the way which were infuriating at the time, but nothing spectacular enough to leave a lasting impression.This game is not easy, and there are many ways to complete each mission, the game is not for everyone, but Isure as hell will play it again.Cheers"
,Recommended,268870,28243239,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,OMG_IT_BURNS,Much bigger than any of the previous Syndicate games. This game makes you work for it.
,Recommended,268870,31152028,Posted: 15 April,all,Dudeshoot Mankill,"Lots of mixed opinions about this game, but for me its one of the greats. Great strategy with lots of possibilities. Bring a friend for some awesome Coop."
76561197985803976,Recommended,268870,32033916,Posted: 28 May,all,[OU] Redux,This is a wonderful game and very reminiscent of the Syndicate Wars era of gaming! This game brought me back! Very fluid gameplay and seamless transitions in between the different sections of the very large RTS map. This game is very enjoyable and very different from modern RTS games. The only complaint i have for this game is that I wish that there were more content or different mods for the game. Unless I missed something somewhere. I would love to be able to mod the game or have some player created content for this game.
,Recommended,268870,32035355,Posted: 28 May,all,sohcf,Sniper stealth kill by sneaking into the enemy and then fire at say 5 feet away... *Slow clapOther then that its still fun...
,Recommended,268870,31982968,Posted: 26 May,all,P. One,game feels good. looks good. good tutorial. voice acted. steam cloud.
76561198070796207,Recommended,268870,31974267,Posted: 26 May,all,JCDD,1st min: oh this game looks complicated.10th min: Map is huge. Get lost in the city.100th min: Totally hooked.Good job!!!
,Recommended,268870,31945699,Posted: 24 May,all,"Prof. Dr. Sir Lord Master, Esq.","If you like the original Syndicate by Bullfrog studios you'll probably really enjoy this game.Going for more of a team based co-op game with RPG elements (skilling, looting and equiping) this game is good fun for people wanting a co-op experience for up to 4 people."
,Recommended,268870,31944466,Posted: 24 May,all,melorbode,"I love the idea look. Xcom TRIED to do this format. It's difficult to do real time games. I haven't gotten very far, just in the first mission. I bought the delux but I can't read the book that comes with it yet. I have played ONE hour though. A long time ago, ten years ago I played the previous version of this shadow world like game. There is no magic in this game though, so don't go looking for that. I bought the game the day after I watch 'Ghost in the Machine.' It's the same genre as Robo cop type world, but I am looking for surprises. Why not have drones do the hacking for you? How close do you really need to go to combat the enemy. Can I do a cyber attack? Why not remote drive cars and do missions with tanks?Loads of options and I have only started."
76561198004203574,Not Recommended,268870,31988532,Posted: 26 May,all,Nikolia,Tedius and buggy and generally not engaging.
76561198029274297,Recommended,268870,32007172,Posted: 27 May,all,technoxan01,"Honestly, this is a fun gem in the rough. The sneaking is somtimes goofy, but the overall feel of the missions and map design is enjoyable and immersive. Not to mention hacking people is WAY fun!"
,Not Recommended,268870,32024330,Posted: 28 May,all,TroldeJens,"The performance of this game is horrendous.The game lags, even with the visual effects turned to a minimum. And this on a computer which runs Total War: Warhammer and the lastest UFO without problems on a fine setting."
,Recommended,268870,33880724,Posted: 29 July,all,Shampz,It's a fun game to play and even better to play with friends. Some of the stealth parts of the game will be quite challenging to go through.
76561198028103591,Recommended,268870,33906818,Posted: 30 July,all,KrazyTReese,Squad members with a purpose.Each serves the team.Missions in an open world esk style.Felt fresh.
,Recommended,268870,28408378,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,xWulf,"Initially I gave this game thumbs down. But after having played it in coop I have to revise my review. If you have some friends to play it with and take the time to figure out the basic game mechanics Satellite Reign can be recommended. Especially if you liked the original Syndicate. Yes, controls can sometimes be a little bit clunky, but nothing you can´t deal with."
,Recommended,268870,34066480,Posted: 6 August,all,tetra,"It's a look of fun, refreshing gameplay mechanics and hectic real time tactics. Some really good moments when you're sneaking in, since you can't savescum once you're infiltrating a compound.I haven't found any game breaking bugs, but more than I'd like a squadmate will get stuck in some scenery. I wish they made a sequel but I don't think they're working on one.I got it on sale for £3.50, would recommend up to £10."
76561198040733072,Recommended,268870,34002771,Posted: 3 August,all,cyr1ak,"basically a nice synicate clone- at first it was like ""im invincible ratatatatata....""then few hours of gameplay later...my agents were dying every minute or so...so ive started using agent specific treats instead of brute force...- and only then game started to shine....highly recommended"
76561198027994280,Recommended,268870,21218758,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ismaru,"This is basically the Commandos series in a cyberpunk style. I liked it, but it was definitely not as difficult as the Commandos series, and it didn't offer depth in the right places. Still, it was a cool game that I enjoyed playing. Here's some pro's and cons that I experienced!Pro'sCommandos style gameplay, offering a tactical strategy game with 4 (sometimes more) distinct and original characters.Nice cyberpunk design.Clear directions of what to do and where to go to(this tends to be pretty vague at these kind of games).Rewarding stealth gameplay.Multiple paths to one solution(though sometimes this is cheap - like a door that has a terminal next to it that you can hack to open it, but there's also a machine right on the other side to ""hardwire"" it, giving almost the same result: the door opens).ConsI would have liked more diverse situations. I had a character with a sniper rifle that I rarely used, as there were never any truly good spots to use the range to your advantage.The ending was really poor. The same boss came back over and over again. Not to mention the awful music at the end that totally didn't fit the entire ambiance of the game.The story, it's simply not good. Only the highlights in the storyline missions have real voiced dialogue, which isn't all that special to begin with. That's about five times. The story is not captivating, and even though I thought the ending was pretty cool, it didn't make any sense(in the last minute a new female person was introduced with a significant role, that altered ending of the story, but either I missed something or I had no idea who they were talking about).Overly complex systems such as the research system and the cloning system. It didn't really add to the gameplay, it just made it unnecessarily complex(I did like the income system tho - that was kind of different than usual!).Was this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198023248879,Recommended,268870,23906002,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,NighTek,"When I play this game, I feel like in Neuromancer. Due to the beutiful neon shaded city it is one of the best athmosphere which I ever experienced in a game. It contains everything that you read in Wiliam Gibson's novel, watched in Ghost in the Shell or Blade Runner. The missions are challenging, the augmentations and various equipment give you a choiche how to approch it, however it seems to me that the game prefers the stealhty and sneaky way to complete the mission, at least at the beginning of the game.Unfortunatley I found some bugs in the map feature and in the skill three and these 2 are quite frustrating, but I hope that it'll be fixed soon.Overall, this game deserves a place in my top 5 game.If you love cyberpunk, it's MANDATORY for you!"
76561198011140830,Recommended,268870,34675850,Posted: 1 September,all,Yalishandaw,This is the open world coop Deus Ex game I've been dreaming of
76561198007753050,Recommended,268870,34986794,Posted: 15 September,all,andreas,Its a fun romp.  Was a little put off by specialised agents to start but was quite enjoying it by the end.  Could do with a bit of friendly AI in combat but I found the key to be containing the firefights rather than trying to micro manage the tactics.
76561198022371045,Recommended,268870,35166019,Posted: 23 September,all,fezzle,Fun game.  Difficult all the way to the end.
,Recommended,268870,35513697,Posted: 6 October,all,KhorneBread,"At first i was kinda iffy about it. I dont have that much time to sit and play, but once i got through the first part and got the hang of the mechanics, I had to time my missions so i could save before getting ready for work. Great game, really like the way its not like other games in mechanics and its a major challenge. Glad I got it when i did."
76561197972272908,Not Recommended,268870,35351079,Posted: 30 September,all,patientzero,"While this game was lots of fun while it worked, the developer has ceased support 1/1.5 years after release. I purchased this game to play on my Mac Pro; I use an nVidia GTX 980ti which has to use nVidia webdrivers to work, but also for proper hardware acceleration. As soon as OSX Sierra was released this game loads up and gives me a garbled screen and has been uplayable since. This is not an unknown or uncommon issue and would likely take very little time to update the game to use the newer and more powerful driver. Having no response from the developer via email OR the website forum. I must recommend NOT BUYING THIS GAME and being VERY CAUTIOUS with this developer."
,Not Recommended,268870,35399390,Posted: 1 October,all,Vexa - The Man You Love To Hate,"For £22? Absolutely not.At first, it's a ballache, but exciting. Eventually, it just gets boring. There are some stunningly poor design decisions, such as completing a quest, then needing to go straight back into the same area. The stealth is too buggy to be reliable, and of course, the game is entirely centered around stealth.Eventually, the whole process just because repetetive. It's not a bad game, but it really isn't worth more than £10, and even then, you would have to want it"
