user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,269050,12738015,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,PsychoNerd,"Year Walk is one of those rare bits of media that lingers in your mind long after you've finished it. It makes you feel like a part of you is missing after you've finished it and, like a junkie, you become desperate for more. Don't let the ""ending"" fool you. There's more. Find the Journal. Open the box. It's not too late.You know what to do."
,Recommended,269050,9365477,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Robotic Anxiety,"It's been months since I first played Year Walk on iOS and I still think about it regularly. The Steam version of this game is as beautifully made as the original, and the changed puzzles feel at home on the PC. The atmosphere is greatly enhanced in this version of the game, providing a creepier mood than the iOS version - so much so that surprises I knew were coming still got jolts out of me. The story behind this game is so intriguing and mysterious that I wish there was more information about it online; Year Walk is an amazing introduction into Scandinavian folklore that everyone should play."
76561198021922182,Recommended,269050,9369457,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,prison mike,"First off, there are two things I must mention: one, I have had absolutely zero experience with the iOS version of Year Walk; this review is based 100% on the PC version currently available on Steam. Two, I almost exclusively dislike ""puzzle games."" I find them annoying and tedious. That being said, I found Year Walk to be a mesmerizing and enjoyable little game.In terms of its gameplay, Year Walk doesn't break the mold - there's nothing revolutionary to be found here. The puzzles are relatively simple and only required me to doodle a few things down on a scratch pad to help me solve the majority of them. They're not overly difficult. And if you do find yourself stuck, there's a Hint system in-game that's actually useful.The controls for the PC work well overall, and I had no problems or confusion in how to do anything. So, as a port from a touch based device, this aspect is done fine.So, then what makes this an excellent game? As I said, the puzzles presented in the game are not challenging. In fact, as I finished this game I came to the realization I had been tricked. This game wasn't about the puzzles at all. It was about the experience; the visuals, the music, the story, and the atmosphere it all creates. The puzzles are just a way to move you along.Year Walk is ultimately all about the experience. And it's definitely quite the experience. It's visually striking - the art style is unique and hauntingly beautiful, and the music fits perfectly in with it. Together they enhance a weird, dark, and rather sad story.In the end, Year Walk feels fleshed out and solid. It creates a unique atmosphere that's hard to compare and even harder to forget. Despite not liking puzzles games, I really found myself engrossed in the world that Year Walk so successfully creates.Addendum (3/19/2014) - After playing through the game completely, twice, and also messing around with extras and some achievements, I feel that I have to make note that this is a short game, and more importantly one that lacks replayability. I'd still recommend the game, it's just something to bear in mind when making a purchase."
,Recommended,269050,9776076,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Grief.exe,"What a surreal experience.Year Walk can essentially be described as a classic adventure game played in first peson. You move around the forest as you go on your 'Year Walk' and slowly piece together the puzzles and obscure story. It won the iOS GOTY award last year from many publications and I can easily see why it deserves the accolades.Year Walk is heavily based onFinnishSwedish folklore and has an amazing art style. You will run into all kinds of creepy demons throughout your adventure. The game does have a few jump scares, but, overall, is more unsettling than scary.I would mention that I found the atmosphere quite breathtaking. The mood is set by the oppressive musical backdrop that never distracts as you crunch your way through the snow of the forest.The puzzles are where I really dove into the game. I assembled a full piece of paper covered with drawings, notes, and clues over the course of my travels. There is an in-game map, encyclopedia, and hint system to help you through the game and learn about the Swedish background.The game is quite short, your first play through should take you about forty five minutes to an hour and a half depending on how quickly things click for you. Multiple play through are encouraged and, in fact, half of the story and the true ending are hidden away in subsequent play. The method of unlocking that ending and reading through the story is quite the ride.It is unfortunate as the game has been looked over on Steam entirely. Possibly due to the stream of trash that has been coming down as part of Valve's policies lately. I hope that it gets some more attention going forward as it is a great title.http://cloud-3.steampowered.com/ugc/595907053911022538/97EE52E11467DB99B64375A0F67863F9FF2CD941/http://cloud-3.steampowered.com/ugc/595907053911021776/E37C57A854D089254D0BBE943EE2493554DA4930/"
,Recommended,269050,9369347,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,wonderwolf,"this game, oh man.heads up, i played this on ipad almost a year ago and it still holds up really well even on pcits super creepy and has a vibe not many puzzle games have. the best way i can describe it is that it feels like a popup book rendition of a super creepy swedish folklore version of myst. everything feels dream-like but you soon start seeing that not everything is as it appears.+great art+great soundtrack+captures the feeling of being lost in the woods+lore is polished really well+puzzles are outstanding and mostly nonlinear, and without spoiling you have to dig pretty deep to solve some of the more arcane puzzles-relatively short for a pc game...its almost midnight."
,Recommended,269050,32732083,Posted: 24 June,all,majesdane,"It's a not too difficult a game to play, but there are some challenges; I found that the hardest thing to do was orient myself and figure out the clues for where to go. It's definitely easier to play the second time around. Some geniunely creepy moments, beautiful art, and in interesting story/Swedish mythology make this game worth the purchase."
,Recommended,269050,9815050,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,AestheticGamer,"Year Walk is best described as a sort of stylistic adventure horror game. It's not really a hidden object game, but more focused on atmosphere and puzzles. The story of Year Walk is that you play as a man named Daniel, who lives deep in the woods. You are about to perform something known as a Year Walk, which is an old Scandinavian legend to starve before the midnight of New Years and wander into the forest and night to seek a glimpse of the future. However, there are trials, and strange beings that are said will try to apprehend you, as the very act of Year Walking breaks the two truths of our world, time and space. As you play you have to overcome these trials, explore the deep and progressively strange and unsettling woods, and over it all maybe piece together why Daniel is so concerned about the future to risk his life.The atmosphere of the game is great. It's more unsettling, surreal, and strange than scary, but I had a constant uneasy feeling and yet fascination to events as they transpired around me. Everything dips into legends and myths from Swedish and Finnish tales, with a helpful encyclopedia if you're interested in knowing more of the origin of things around you. The whole atmosphere is backed by a fantastic soundtrack that, like the game, is appropriately off-kilter.Year Walk strikes me as one of those games that sticks with you long after you beat it. The story isn't entirely surprising in how it plays out, but it's executed very well, and the details are a lot stranger and help make the whole situation far stranger than what actually happens. It's sort of like a classic folk-story in that what happens is somewhat predictable if you have any experience with stories of a similar kin, but that's not what makes the story interesting, it's how it's told and how everything comes to that natural conclusion. And Year Walk has a lot of depth, things to look into, and intriguing mysteries that stay in the mind long after you find out what ultimately happens.Gameplay is pretty simplistic. You move left and right along a first-person 2D plane, and occasionally can walk forward or backward to another 2D plane. You interact with objects, and solve puzzles. The game isn't stylized like many other adventure games, with hidden item to find, as what you can and cannot do and interact with is very visible and clear, but some of the puzzles are a bit tricky. My tip is to sometimes think outside of the box. Most of the answers are often more obvious than they may seem at first, none are too challenging, but some aren't pushovers either. I also heavily suggest you keep a notebook and pen handy, it helped me a lot.It's a game with great atmosphere, an interesting experience that'll last you about two hours, and for many I'd imagine an interesting introduction to Scandinavian myths and folklore. If you have an interest in atmospheric horror experiences, folk stories, or games with a surrealistic edge, I'd definitely give it a recommendation."
,Recommended,269050,10965134,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Wagglesworth,"Haunting. Were I to sum up my feelings on my time with Year Walk, I could think of no other term or phrase that better exemplifies my experience. In the brief time that it takes to complete this surreal journey, I could barely pull myself away from my computer.Year Walk is a story of a Love that cannot be, and a man who seeks to know if his love may ever be returned in kind. What follows is a bizarre foray into Scandinavian folklore, of moving through time itself to see one’s future, and facing the terrifying creatures that block your path.You’re limited to a two dimensional plane, from which you can move left and right, and to and from connected planes . The entirety of the map is relatively small, with around a dozen or so total planes from which you can move about freely. Given the game’s previous touch screen interface, it’s important to remember as such while trying to figure out puzzles. The game expects you to move your cursor like you would your finger, often quickly and in succession. Mind you, this never becomes a problem, as there are no reflexive puzzles to speak. I just feel it’s worth keeping in mind, as first starting out, it felt a bit odd solving puzzles in that manner using a standard mouse.Given this title’s origins on mobile platforms, it is important to know that any limitations this may bring to its mechanics do not extend to its presentation. The world you explore is gorgeous, and the orchestral score and sound design is superbly unsettling, to the point where I could visibly see goose bumps forming on my arms. The visual design itself is equally divine, and combined, make even the occasional jump scare give me a notable fright. While I would recommend this for the score alone, several of the puzzles require you to recognize subtleties in sounds, and so headphones are a must.The experience is short; it took me two hours to finish everything, and that was with plenty of incompetency on my part in regards to what I should be doing. Luckily, new to the PC port, there is a map system that always pinpoints your exact location. And there’s a hint system should you ever become lost on what you should be doing next. There’s also a series of journal entries that better explains the horrors you experience. While I would personally recommend waiting on these reads untilafterfinishing the game, at the very least, you should refrain from looking at individual entries until you’ve successfully passed their respective portions of the game.In fact, the journal provides something I often find lacking in other similarly surrealistic titles: explanation. The journal provides a background on the Scandinavian mythos that you will encounter in the game, and the entire experience is better for it.Even given the very short length of the journey, I wholeheartedly recommend it as one that any interested in the bizarre and the macabre should pick up. It is spectacular, and I was glued to my computer screen for the entire duration. My time spent in these woods will remain with me for some time."
,Recommended,269050,33044335,Posted: 30 June,all,Red,"I struggle to articulate what it is about this game that left such an impact on me, but I couldn't let Year Walk go without giving it my recommendation.I've always enjoyed subtle horror elements in video games, but never been a fan of pure horror games for mostly one reason. The jumpscare as of recent in horror has become what autotune is in the modern music industry. A tool for an artist to improve their art, not a means to cover up a lack of talent by littering one's creation with it, and Year Walk does a great job of using this tool alongside it's many others to craft a uniquely unsettling experience.Horror as a genre in gaming is something that can be hard to keep consistently impartial. When a player only ever sees other characters as something to be scared of, the fear becomes one-dimensional very quickly as almost everything that moves is an obvious threat to the player. I've dropped horror games before because i'm sick of being pulled along while the game rapid fire tries to scare me with loud noises and flashing imagery. However the eerie creepiness of Year Walk just comes naturally as it's often unclear when and if the player should be scared. Between the light safety and the dark horror lies a gray area that Year Walk hides itself amoung: fear of the unknown.The in game encyclopedia, should the player chose to read it, gives information about the act of Year Walking as well as the five supernatural creatures asociated with it who are all said to pose a threat psyically, mentally, and spiritually. This, alongside all beasts being associated with death or murder in some way immediately sets the expectation for them to be the enemies, or the ""scary"" part, of this horror game. However there is no terror in the bang, only in the anticipation of it, and the entire buildup for said bang is done inside the player's head. This also creates a sharp contrast with the rest of the game, as the player is put on edge, yet the snowy landscape and ambiance is eerily peaceful.Year Walk is a puzzle game that is a compelling narrative first, and also just so happens to be scary because of the expectation that the game influenced me to create for myself by making me come face to face with the unknown and entrusting it to continue. This game is horror done so so right, and it's a shame it almost went under my radar, don't let the same happen to you. It's an experience I wish more could experience so that we could stop giving attention to the♥♥♥♥♥♥that Youtubers play for reactions.10/10 Redefined my standards for horror games."
,Recommended,269050,9379409,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Hollapeno,"What would you give to see your future? And what would you do if you knew what it held?EnterYear Walk. YW is a short game, but a very haunting experience. It's unique, it thinks outside the box, it's something you ponder over well after the game ends. Let's dive into what people are looking for in a review, shall we?Story: Pay attention. That's all I can say without spoiling too much. The post-game content contributes a lot in this aspect!Gameplay: Original. This game does require you to do thinking, so don't expect to walk in (hah) and romp through all the puzzles- you won't. Puzzles can involve anything: memorization, sound recognition, unexpected controls, you name it. Solutions are never convoluted- you might be surprised!Graphics: Beautiful. Simply gorgeous, even when you're looking at a bloodied doll. Love it!Sound Effects: Headphones on, volume up; the sound is superbly done. Everything sounds perfect- the snow crunching under your shoes, the creaking wood of a windmill, the water running in the creek. Is that a woman singing in the distance? Is that a baby wailing... wait. Is that the plippity plop of blood I hear as well?Soundtrack: The soundtrack is beautiful and immersive. It can range anywhere from ""Wow, I could meditate to this!"" to ""Holy fudge I'm going to die!"" Like I said: headphones on, volume up! Lose yourself inYear Walk.Replayability/Post-Game Content: Only finished one walk so far, but definitely looking forward to jumping back in! After you beat the game, you get access to a nice fat journal in which clues are scattered for you to find. The clues unlock the true ending- it's unsettling.So is it scary?: To be honest, YW is not necessarily scary, but it's downright creepy. The atmosphere is done very well! There are a few jumpscares, so players with heart conditions beware!The Bad: Just a tad too short (~2-3 hours). A wee more content would be nice!Year Walkis a solid puzzle/pseudo-horror game. If you could see the future, then you'd know it's in your best interests to buy it![8/10]"
,Recommended,269050,11965098,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Chevette,"This game is hard to describe. At once serene, surreal, and disturbing. Unexpected and unnerving. And yet somehow delightful. I won't soon forget this one.It's not a very long game, but after you've finished it... it's not over. You'll see."
,Recommended,269050,17667466,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Snort Cannon,"Year Walk is a very interesting Adventure horror game. But will you want to play it ?Year Walk story is really hard to explain. You play as a man trying to do a year walk on New year's eve. It's based on Swedish mythology. It's one of those games where you piece the story together when you play it.Gameplay is really simple. You use the keyboard to move around and the mouse to click on stuff and the goals vary on the cycle you're on. It can range from trying to find ghost to trying to find a way to a church.The art style is amazing to say the least. The hand drawn environments and characters are really amazing to look at. The style is really well drawn.Audio is amazing. The soundtrack and sound effects are both really well made. It makes you feel tense and relaxed. It really makes you immersed in the world.The game isn't difficult. Some of the puzzles are difficult but nothing too head scratching. The game gives you clues  and even then you have hints which are helpful.The map layout is the only bad thing about this game. It get's confusing really fast and it doesn't help when all environments look the same. I wish they could have given more indication where you need to go.Game is really short. It took me 1 hour to finish it. There is an alternative ending which can be unlocked, but overall don't expect much replay value.The game didn't have bugs what so ever. Any rig could handle this game. Don't expect to run into bugs while playing this game.Year walk is a really tough game to review and to explain why you need to play it is even tougher, but you must play it no matter what. Year Walk was an amazing experience and the whole lore behind it is really interesting. Adventure game fans must own this little title as soon as possible. It's worth it at full price without a doubt. I give Year Walk a 8.5/10For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,269050,23671207,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,KirkeBrenner,"Year Walk is a game that I first purchased about a month after it's release here on Steam, over two years ago. I mainly just wanted a quick horror fix, and what I got was a lot more. This game focuses on the very obscure ancient Swedish tradition of Årsgång, or Year Walking. After playing this game, I was awestruck by not only the way the story was presented, but also by the amazing visuals, and how even though there was certainly horror elements in the game, I felt completely comfortable.Upon completing this game, I felt like I needed to know more about this tradition that was Årsgång. This feeling sent me on a two year journey through Swedish sources and 20 year old dead internet forums that helped me conclude a whole blog and thesis on this subject. Never has a game compelled me so strongly to find out more, and to know all I can possibly know, and in April of this year, I had done it. I had found out all there was to know about this once obscure tradition that now found itself as common knowledge.This is why I am asking everybody who could be reading this to BUY THIS GAME. You will be intrigued, terrified, curious, excited, mystified, and much more over this 2 or so hour journey, maybe three if you read the excellent encyclopedia. I've played this game 5 times now at different speeds and settings, just to make sure I found every little thing in this game. Now that I have, I must say it was completely worth it, and I'm sure I'll be going back to it again soon. Some people may find this game boring, and I understand that, it's not necessarily for everybody out there, but please just try it. This game is $6.00 (£4.10), when it should easily go for twice that price. if I had to give this game some sort of overall rating, it must be a 10/10. I feel ridiculous giving a rating out to a game that has changed the way I see things so much but I feel it's justified. Just play it."
,Recommended,269050,11201502,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Kassan6ra,"Year walk starts as a puzzle game, only to reveal a backstory that is inspired heavily upon scandinavian folklore and depending on your immersion to the game and your general way of thinking, has the potential to haunt you for days. You start off as a mysterious person who has decided to try what is called ""year walking"" in order to predict your future. This entails staying alone in the dark without food/water during new year's eve, and when the clock strikes midnight, you take a walk in the forest surrounding your cabin. As you explore, you meet strange creatures, that taunt you with puzzles which you have to solve in order to be allowed for a glimpse of what the future holds. Little do you know that this knowledge comes with consequences.Year walk's art looks beautiful and in combination with the soundtrack, it creates a haunting and creepy atmosphere. You essentialy walk around in a 2d first person view environment, trying to make sense of the strange things you encounter. Many of them have a meaning towards solving the creature's riddles, so make sure to note down important stuff. Depending on your puzzle skills, you can find them easy or difficult, but there are hint and guide options for the latter, and I believe your overall experience will not be ruined either way. Also, the game's duration is rather small, probably under 3 hours, however I strongly recommend it, especially to avid puzzle gamers and anyone who enjoys a particularly well set backstory.+ Great art style+ Creepy atmosphere+ Great story+ Simple, but cryptic puzzles- A few jumpscares (might be a + depending on your taste)- Short duration- Puzzles can be frustrating without hint use for some people"
,Recommended,269050,9669992,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"I only read about Year Walk days before its release on PC and I initially thought this was a point-and-click adventure game. And in a way it is, but not in the traditional sense. Yes, there's clicking involved and yes, there are puzzles to be solved (some of them are really hard, by the way) but it's more of a thriller/horror game with point-and-click adventure mechanics.I do have to say that I expected more horror here. The game is dark, and there are a couple of moments that are creepy but nothing truly scary. This disappointed me personally, because I like to be scared from time to time.Then again, I guess I shouldn't play this game for just that. There are tons of other games that *will* scare you.But Year Walk does have a good story and it looks pretty good for an iPhone port.It should be played if you like adventure games, or dark and creepy stories. I thought it was 'just ok', and nothing spectacular. But that's me. You might just have a different opinion. Give it a shot.[Rating: 72/100]"
,Recommended,269050,12734215,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Daniela,"If you're into creepy mythologic stories, (this one touches swedish/scandinavian folklore) you should give it a go. The game is rather short, but it does its job. I had a jump-scare at some point, but the rest is just chills down the spine, ""oh my god did stuff like this really happen"", kind of game. I loved it, the only SHORTcoming being its length.The artwork is wonderful and so is the music. 10/10 no regrets!"
,Recommended,269050,13366523,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,mr.ozio,"Don't let the ""ending"" fool you."
76561197972244348,Recommended,269050,32743474,Posted: 24 June,all,Templarion,"Eerie story and puzzle game enlivened with Scandinavian folklore. As the game has litte tutorials, the player needs to explore not only ingame but also the interface. Only one puzzle felt awry(cf. U & N)as the actions required to take felt disconnected from the rest of the game without a reasonable purpose.Personally, as a Finnish player I enjoyed the experience a lot due to the folklore references and the atmosphere that felt familiar and distantly heart-warming."
,Recommended,269050,29970883,Posted: 16 February,all,sableite,"At first, Year Walk seems like a simple point & click adventure, but as the game progresses, hints and puzzles are revealed. As clues piece together and the story unravels, everything takes a dark turn with elements of horror and Swedish folklore leading to many questions left unanswered. It's haunting, atmospheric, interactive, and definitely creepy. I honestly can't think of anything to criticize other than the game being a bit short. but when playing for the first time, it takes a while to backtrack and write down clues for puzzles.Helpful things to know before playing:write down everything! copy down patterns, symbols, and anything else you think would be helpful. some things will only appear on the screen once and are necessary for solving puzzlesread the encyclopedia! the game comes with a mini encyclopedia explaining things that will appear in the game. I would do this before (or while) playing because it helps understand what's going on if you don't know much about swedish folklorethe game isn't over when you think it isWould definitely reccomend! Especially if you like adventure games, puzzles, & dark stories!"
76561197991717166,Recommended,269050,12884053,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,haytkir,A short horror-puzzle game based on Swedish folklore. Keep paper and something to write with nearby... but be careful who sees your notes or they may think you are descending into madness.
76561198025933976,Not Recommended,269050,29530708,Posted: 27 January,all,River Norne,"I did like the art style, the concept and the story. I'm convinced that this game would have been a very enjoyable experience on a tablet. But played on PC, without a touchscreen, it wasn't. It just felt horrible to control, every puzzle that needed more than simple clicking was extremely tedious, to the point where I had to look for a walkthrough for a puzzle that had a very simple solution, because what would have been intuitive on a touchscreen was tricky and counter-intuitive with a mouse. Almost no puzzle felt rewarding due to bad controls and tedious backtracking/notetaking.If you can play it on a tablet, I'd say go for it, but definitely not on PC, unless controls and puzzles are changed considerably. Which is a shame, because apart from that it is really beautiful and creative.Spoiler/Hint considering the ending:You don't have to do a complete second play through to get the real ending. Just wait for the credits to end, note the clues, start a second run. Then you read the journal, which I found quite entertaining, go to the box and open it. That's it, unless I overlooked something. I did get ""The End"" this way."
76561198318949329,Recommended,269050,34050785,Posted: 5 August,all,Cas <3,"After reading the reviews for this game, I was truly contemplating whether it was worth it or not. It was. It was relaxingly beautiful, and that was the most dangerous part of it. It is creepy, suspenseful, and absolutely breathtaking. The story is lovely and the lore is wonderfully input. I feel like I have woken from a dream, and I honestly don't want to wake up. The hints are very helpful without completely giving away the game and objectives, and are pleasing to read. I've been looking for an experience like this for a long, long time. I feel terrifyingly peaceful."
,Recommended,269050,12386733,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Subject Infinite,"A minimalist, atmospheric, pretty, challenging horror puzzle game.Year Walk captures the eerie essence of a supernatural Scandinavian forest by night, and really succeeds in the horror aspect. There is a tension that accompanies the cold sounds and bleak environs. I was very impressed by the artistic style of Year Walk. It was minimalist, bleak but also beautiful. The colours aren't vibrant but they needn't be - hell they *shouldn't be*. This is the snowy wilderness of Scandinavia. I expect white, greys, blacks. Purples and reds are also used sparingly and effectively. The puzzles can be difficult, which I find helps the game a lot. It's a bit of a throwback to when games just sort of left you to it, with few or no hints. You're pretty much on your own in Year Walk, and I had to consult a walkthrough a couple of times. Some puzzles require some thought, and I found myself utilising the whole map to complete the puzzles, so no wasted space there at all.The story is a difficult aspect to critique because I feel the gameplay tells the story itself. So to critique the way I play the game is to critique the story. That being said, there is some backstory, which is told through some basic dialogue at the beginning of the game, and there is an encyclopaedia which accompanies you in the game, which is pretty critical to completing the game - but the information in the (very small) encyclopaedia helps give background also. I find this method of story telling to be quite innovative and also found it really help immerse me in the game. The controls are basic - arrow keys for navigation, mouse for point/click. Can't really go wrong there.In conclusion, Year Walk is a quirky, beautiful little game. Not particularly long, but it achieves a lot in that short time, particularly in regards to puzzle solving, immersion, horror and artistry."
,Recommended,269050,9381283,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Protectin369,"Absolutely love this game. At first it seems simple, but as you progress it becomes a twisting enigma of questions left unanswered. The artwork is amazing, the style and creepy atmoshpere this game delivers kept me on the edge of my seat through my entire first playthrough because I just didn't know what to expect. Sometimes the puzzles were a little redundant, but no game's perfect. There's really not much to complain about, other than it's short. I love these kind of games, but they're just so hard to find these days. I've played a lot of indie games (LIMBO, The Cat Lady, others), so i've been through a lot of the independent gems out there, and this one's definitely one I won't soon forget. Definitely recommend this game to anyone, especially if the artwork/atmosphere catches your eye."
76561198030149988,Recommended,269050,9422953,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Noirsam,Year Walk does to swedish folklore what Kentucky Route Zero did to American folklore.
,Recommended,269050,23547769,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Submarine Fish & Knuckles,This is a real horror game. It's not like all those crap jump scare filled mainstream horror games. It has suspense that actually makes you scared to continue playing. It's paper like art style really adds to its creepy atmosphere. I also really enjoyed the story and Scandinavian folklore. All in all this is a very original and interesting game and it deserves its high praise.
76561198099216008,Recommended,269050,9684663,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Laura Blues,"As I read in another review and fully agree, this game is not about how intricate the puzzles are or how hard it is to beat. It is about the experience. It is enjoying your walk, hearing your footsteps in the snow, the scenes, the art and the little story. How good you are at this game is not how fast you can finish it or how easy you found the puzzles (and yes, it is short and yes, the puzzles are rather easy).To new players, I would recommend to take your time and explore everything, read everything and avoid the temptation of hitting the ""clue"" button. Walk with the poor guy and feel the creepy and sad atmospherewhile you hunt after souls of murdered babies or chase after a mysterious voice in the dark.The artwork is absolutely wonderful and the music is perfect.About playing it again... I certainly will. Some of the Steam achievements could be a good excuse to go back inside (like finishing a walk without using the map or skipping clues, which you can easily manage after playing it once). I think that this game could be played more than once, because it is not about solving puzzles or being startled. So, you can do yet another Year Walk, now that you know what you have to do and how to do it, and focus on other things this time!And I am not talking about the second ending, after you finish the year walk and receive the clue to open the journal; I mean even after that."
,Recommended,269050,11014793,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,gkimnhi,"Though it took me a while to finish it because I was too much of a wuss to play without having company, I really, REALLY enjoyed this game. It's so gorgeous and stylistic while having simple controls but with such an impressive plot. It knew how to give me chills at the right time and I think I spent half of the game with my jaw open. I thoroughly enjoyed the way small things in the game ended up being core elements to the story and tied into a majorly interesting ending. Not to mention the game gave some interesting thoughts to debate on. (TLDR: super impressive!)"
,Recommended,269050,10776045,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,pasquinade,"Year Walk is a gorgeous, atmospheric game based around folklore from Sweden. Originally published for iOS, I feel the game translates well to the PC platform. The game itself has controls that, while different than the standard WASD, are simple enough to get used to after a minute or so of walking around the forest. Overall, the game is short, creepy, educational, and worth playing multiple times because each playthrough reveals yet another layer of story to an already well-written and immersive game.Highly recommend this; it's on sale during this year's (2014) Summer Sale! You should pick it up ASAP."
76561198025001986,Recommended,269050,12474654,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,FannyBabbs,It blew my mind and softened my stool.
,Recommended,269050,28647501,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ratón muerto,year walk is one of those games that you download at 1 am on a saturday and for some reason feel really empty and sad when you finish. P.S don't skip the credits theres a good 15-30 more minutes of story and puzzles after it.
,Recommended,269050,17978095,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Audish,"Year Walk is based on Swedish lore about vision quests. You embark on a long walk in the woods, looking for signs and meanings, and you come across some very strange stuff. There's a very dreamlike quality to the game where the odd glyph or ghost you run into feels almost expected, but it also serves to take you out of the real world and immerse you with very simple, beautiful graphics. This makes the horrifying bits all the more effective, because they come in rough contrast to the feel of the rest of the game. I won't lie, there have been a few jump scares, but the feel earned instead of cheap. It's like a nightmare intruding on the edges of a pastoral dream.Gameplay is simple, moving left or right through pretty landscapes, moving forward or backward to different areas, and clicking on things to interact. You have a useful map and an encyclopedia that helps flesh out the legends and signs you encounter. The game also has a very clever way of getting you to use the encyclopedia later on, which I found very effective. The puzzles are pretty simple as well, so don't go in expecting a lot of gameplay. It's mostly exploring the woods and delving into the myths you encounter, which for the price, I think is well worth it. An entertaining, chilling experience."
76561198083744913,Recommended,269050,10744994,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DevilRed79,"I'm not normally one for puzzle games, I don't have the patience, but I thoroughly enjoyed getting to the bottom of this title. The game in itself is very short so how much you'll get out of Year Walk really is down to your skills in problem solving, I'm rubbish so it took me ages! Once you do know your way around, the game can then be finished very quickly but getting to the end credits is just one part of the puzzling goodness.There are yet more mysteries to unravel on completion of the game and even the achievements themselves are conundrums that need to be solved. The art style is excellent and the music is wonderfully unsettling.Highly recommended."
76561198292642995,Recommended,269050,22308539,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Ruesselschnurps,"This game is just perfect for me: It has a fascinating theme, is very atmospheric and the art style is beautiful. It's peaceful and silent, but not boring! The game is short enough to be beaten within an hour (I don't like games that take too much time), but after all there is enough potential left to play it a second, third or fourth time: Different endings and additional, more challenging, puzzles, that don't have to be solved when playing it the first time.And apart from that is 5,99€ an excellent price for a game I have so much fun with!Congrats, Simogo. Go on like this!!"
76561198284014598,Recommended,269050,23495319,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,gabcofield,Got this game for a quick horror fix but i got a suprise sucker punch to the feels instead. loved every moment
,Recommended,269050,20348959,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,STIG,"A hazy and dreamy exploration in Swedish folklore laced with some thematic horror. No, year walking is not a a real thing, but as we learned to write down our tales all to late it’s all quite blurry anyway.A few of the puzzles are infuriatingly hard and the overall game map is small enough to get away with the disorienting way of movement along it.I never missed the lack of narrative while playing, but the excellent writing in the ending showed a glimpse of what the game could have been with a bigger budget. It’s a couple of hours long, short on story but great on ambience.Probably only recommended for hardcore adventure fans and those interested in the peculiarly dark tales of Swedish folklore."
,Recommended,269050,9439707,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Levia Draconia,"If you like folklores, you will love this game! It took me only around 1,4 hours to finish it (without using the map), but the design and the puzzles make it really interesting and captivating.I also liked the jump scares (it's not really a horror game though) and the beautiful soundtrack composed by Daniel Olsén.Overall one of the best games I've played so far!"
,Recommended,269050,9993439,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,MonacledPotato,"i mean if you didnt plan on sleeping tonight and have a few hours to kill, then this is your game"
,Recommended,269050,32839490,Posted: 26 June,all,nimblemusicbox,Short but worth your time (and money) to get babies and goat keys.Also the story is A+ and not to mention the obvious fact it's BEAUTIFUL.So I say give it a spin.
,Recommended,269050,14047855,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,benedict,"As a Swede who works as an archaeologist and have read ethnology in university I was looking forward to this ""game"" since I know most of the folklore the game is based on.The game was a nice experience, lovely aesthetics, but more of a presentation than a game for me. Not what I was expected, a bit let down.Not sure if I have seen the ""true"" ending, but I have played enough of this game.Hope to see more of Swedish/nordic folklore in games.Still worth a playthrough."
76561198027507170,Recommended,269050,9820917,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Genoprism,"Year Walk was a delightfully disturbing adventure. I'd definitely recommend it to any casual gamer that enjoys point-and-click mystery games with just a hint of psychological horror. If you buy this game, however, I would absolutely urge you to figure out the puzzles on your own for the full effect. I was up all night the first time I played, writing down all the notes on my hand because I had no paper, and it was great. Sadly, it's really only replayable once or twice to get the whole plot figured out (because there is a twist at the end), and it's not hard to get all the achievements in those one or two playthroughs either. If you can look passed that, then I'm sure you will enjoy yourself as I have.Have fun!"
,Recommended,269050,10691076,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Voltemond,"Year Walk features a delightful set of puzzles weaved seamlessly within a well-conceived and aesthetically pleasing dark world story.If you take your time and really read into the details of the surrounding the 19th Century Swedish Folklore, you are in for a treat.It’s deceptively short, pay close attention to the end credits for the “true experience”.This game deserves your time. Even at full price."
,Recommended,269050,26151835,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,bellbuni,"I cannot recommend this game enough! The story is positively wonderful, the puzzles are very unique and not hard enough that you have to look up a guide, the graphics have a very stylized quality that perfectly fits the atmosphere and game, the sound/music design is so well crafted and gives the game perfect atmosphere.I love how this game is relatively short, but you have to play through a couple times to get all the achieves and the ending. The achievements themselves are clever and enjoyable, again, not hard enough to have to look up how to get them.The entire game is just so well written and executed, it had me so excited to solve all the puzzles and figure out what was happenning in the story. Please do yourself a favor and buy this game! It's so good!"
,Recommended,269050,11026927,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Cactuscat,Traded dead babies to an underwater horse in exchange for a key.11/10
,Recommended,269050,24304298,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,randomreynolds333,"This game will haunt my dreams, a truly magical experience.10/10"
76561198043424604,Recommended,269050,9367485,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bensch,"Absolutely amazing game. Nearly got a heart-attack at least 3 times during the playthrough.Maybe it's a bit short, but this game has an absolutely stunnig atmosphere, artwork and way of storytelling.If you don't mind screaming in panic together with cold shivers running down your spine from time to time.. GO PLAY THIS GAME!Playthrough Videos (german comment):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7hKQUwfmFU&list=PLn_lVNW9gh79HZzQiTOKDWq6XdnF4A-uE&index=2"
,Recommended,269050,10587018,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,that's what she said,I pulled a horse out of the brook by the ears. It asked me to bring four dead infants.I squeezed a bird until another bird everted from it's beak. It left me a key.I touched a goat's heart. It told me that she doesn't love me. And that she'll die.Best day ever. Would year walk again.
76561197960467832,Recommended,269050,19756975,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,a scintillating comment,An excellent puzzler I hope to return to again.+Intriguing use of real world myth+Gorgeous visuals+Stellar sound+Creepy isolation
,Recommended,269050,9588493,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Avantgardian [Aaron Oldgrump],"This is not a game, this is an experience! I had gossebumps from the beginning and till the very end. Beautiful art-style and an amazing atmosphere!"
76561198034596937,Recommended,269050,10324402,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Nick the Gamer,"Greetings fellow gamers:)I have finished Year Walk and I would like to tell you my thoughts about the game.Year Walk is not a hardcore horror game.It doesn't have screamers, in a way that somebody suddenly appears and SCREAMS at your face, they are more of ""jumpscares"", you could say, and are effective only because of the amazing spooky yet beautiful atmosphere the game builts up.If you don't really get into it, then they probably won't have any effect on you.Other than that, Year Walk is in my opinion is an amazing game with an even more amazing story, for which you will probably need to play it at least 2 times to...nahh, I don't want to spoil anything for you though so I won't tell anything else about the story.Also, Year Walk has some very nice and not very hard puzzles, if you are keeping notes of what you find that is.Lastly my advise, in order for you to enjoy the game to its maximum potential, is to read up on the information the game gives you so you can understand the story better.Year Walk is ALL ABOUT THE STORY! It's what makes the game so Amazing! If you decide to play the game then i wish you a great time!"
,Recommended,269050,9381636,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Moosefalva101,"Extremely atmospheric, often unnerving and mysterious, sometimes genuinly terrifying but always interesting.  Year Walk is a fantastic sleeper adventure/puzzle game.  The expressive, rough edged art style and oppressive soundtrack fills your journey with a forboding that you'll find consuming.  I'm no slouch when it comes to the horror genre but I found myself stepping away from the game for a short break at one point simply to rest my jangling nerves.It begins rather abruptly with little sense of direction but, after the title card, once you've familiarized yourself with the navigation and have begun relating the entries in the in-game encyclopedia to the events around you the game gathers a full head of steam.  Presentation is unique and the control is sometimes unorthodox but becomes intuitive once you determine what the game is asking of you.  This version of the game also includes a map to assist in navigating the compact world and a tiered hint sytem to give you a nudge if you find yourself hopelessly lost without having to resort to FAQs, walkthroughs or spoilers that might lessen the sense of reward when you push yourself through to the next leg of your walk.At first, with the main story arc itself taking only about 45 minutes to an hour to complete, the small asking price might still give one pause.  But I assure you that there's more than meets the eye and I've spent a solid two hours with the game at this point and just now feel like I've cracked it.  However, I did notice that I'd not earned a single Steam achievement, and several look to be entertaining enough to extend the game further.For horror/suspense fans looking for a mood created with more than simply liberal brushstrokes of gore, Year Walk has it in spades.  Minimal jump scares and beautifully creepy art and audio are the weapons of choice here.  This is a game that screams for you to play it alone in a dark room.For amateur slueths who enjoy a good mystery, the game will reward those both receptive and patient.  These are the folks that will squeeze the most bang for their buck out of Year Walk.Traditional adventure gamers might be put off by the lack of structured storytelling, extensive inventory puzzles and feature length run time.  However, the quality and originality of what is offered in Year Walk more than makes up for any perceived shortcomings.My recommendation:  Buy it to reward invention and originality.  Play it to drown in the atmosphere."
76561198168268351,Recommended,269050,23287584,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,majickian,"Year Walk has a way of leaving one wishing for more of the story, and wondering where the lines between game and academia lay. It is one of few games where following the clues after your first playthrough leads to larger revelations of the story, rather than bells and whistles. But in a true twist, leaving the world of the game to do your own research leads to a surprising discovery. Though similar to Never Alone in its ability to extend cultural lore to a wider audience, Year Walk is not built with the purpose of accurate celebration of ancient Scandanavian folklore. However, it is a lovely game full of lonely visuals that harken to a time when people believed in the things that go bump in the night. If you enjoy folklore and visual artistry, this game is worth the few hours of your time it will take to complete."
,Recommended,269050,13987617,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Slick Fingarz,"Short, Sweet, Beautiful."
,Recommended,269050,14188165,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Dr.Badass,"Really good game. I love the unique gameplay and style with awesome puzzles. The story is excellent and total tearjerker for people who want to take in the emotion of the game. The art behind this game takes you back to a really old dark cartoon, I admire that. Audio is remarkable, very artistic and great choice in music. There are a few weird sinister moments that can make you jump if you have your speakers on a loud blast mode lol. But overall hands down a very great story, alternate ending made me sad, I enjoyed it."
76561198326455643,Recommended,269050,28266127,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,enamoratrix,"This is a great game, although I recommend getting it on sale because it's so short. As you can see in the achievements section, one of the achievables is a ""Year Run,"" or getting through a full year walk in 20 minutes. Granted, there's almost no way to do that the first time round unless you're using a walkthrough, but it's useful to illustrate how quick the story can be. Without giving too much of the plot away, a full experience of the game requires a minimum of two year walks.In terms of genre, I'd sooner call this game ""dark fantasy"" than ""horror,"" as there are only three total jumpscares, even using the most expansive definition: moments that succeed in startling chihuahua-like individuals such as myself. As far as actual scary moments, there's really only one. Still, the game is stylistically horror-tinged throughout. It's not so much a bloodbath as it is blood slowly soaking through cloth. Both have their benefits.The puzzles are fairly simplistic, but without the use of a walkthrough, the game is still surprisingly difficult, if only because it drops you in the middle of snowy nowhere without holding your hand and pushing you in the right direction. Luckily, there's a happy medium between muddling through it alone and full-on cheating: in-game hints. They're actually really helpful if you get stuck.It's sort of like falling asleep partway through a documentary on Swedish folktales and having a sick nightmare about it. Didn't your mother ever tell you not to do lucy while watching PBS?"
76561198244215676,Recommended,269050,30490034,Posted: 13 March,all,lana.estari,"Haunting, intriguing, beautiful work both on how it looks and how it sounds. Definitely worth playing. I wish it was longer, but maybe the fact that it's short adds to the experience. Wonderful atmosphere!"
,Recommended,269050,34225782,Posted: 13 August,all,-hg- stuv101,"Year Walk is a side scrolling puzzle adventure game set in Swedish folklore.The game is relatively short: This is a positive, as you don't need to invest a lot of time into this game.You can beat this game in about an hour (20 minutes if you know what to do).The art design is brillient, and complements the Swedish folklore that drives the narative of the game.The puzzles are relatively challenging to solve but no where near ""Ze?t Riddle"" hard.There are plenty of cryptic hints to help in your playthrough, and a few secrets too.This game has become a yearly ritual for me since I first played it; Playing through and beating this game every year on  New Year's Eve.A favorite and highly recommended game."
,Recommended,269050,11461974,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,ｂｅｎｉｓ,"10/10 story, beautiful art style, and very effective atmosphere. A must-have for any story-driven gamers out there."
,Recommended,269050,17361660,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ßird,"I was pleasantly surprised with this game. It keeps an even plate with horror, back story, and interactive options. I love the mix between the puzzles and dark Swedish lore - it keeps things interesting yet creepy. An ominous atmosphere that will keep you on your toes, and a mysterious plotline that will keep you hooked."
76561198147544996,Recommended,269050,12667620,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Grimmy,"Very atmospheric game with a couple brilliant jump scares. You start the game off not really knowing where you are or what you're supposed to do. Bit of mixed feelings about that concept but I got the hang of the random puzzles after a while. The puzzles are loosely based on the characters in your encyclopedia (make sure you read these to get more out of the game). Finished the game in about 2 hours which was a bit of a shame, but it was worth the pennies it cost to buy the game."
,Recommended,269050,33161247,Posted: 2 July,all,soma,"I rememeber playing this on a iPhone 3GS back in 2014.It was early summer morning around 05AM and I hade just finished the secret ending. mist started to settle in and I went out for a walk in the nature. it was a a warm breeze outside and felt almost like a spirituall experience like no other. yearwalk have lingered in my mind for years after that morning.Never would I realize impact this game would have on my life, it coincided perfcectly with my love for art and mysteries and became a grand insperatiopn for me. This game changed me, for the better-Bäckahästenhttps://i.imgur.com/3KIW60j.jpg?1"
,Recommended,269050,33018290,Posted: 29 June,all,sereneswan,"I have no words to describe how incredible this game was. With captivating art, an incredible, dynamic soundtrack, just the right elements for a flavor of mild horror, a consuming story, and ending with more questions than answers, Year Walk is the best game I've played in a while. It's a world that bends reality and creates a series of paradoxes. Absolutely enchanting and has been consuming my past several days. I highly recommend playing! It's worth the time."
,Recommended,269050,9756858,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,prettytail,"Though short, the game was interesting and I had a lot of fun playing it. Well for the most part, there was also a lot of times I refused to step any further because I was afraid of what I would find, but it doesn't matter! I enjoyed it!also dont be a♥♥♥♥♥like me and make sure you watch the credits, seriously they're important"
76561198072155841,Not Recommended,269050,33398910,Posted: 9 July,all,zeranixaimar,"Year Walk is an atmospheric puzzle adventure game. It has a nice art style and interesting Scandinavian folk lores. However, the rich background information is not properly integrated into the game play, but only described in the encyclopedia. Even taking the true end into consideration, the story is very short and quite bare-boned. The game system is not very responsive and thus some of the operations required in the game become annoying. The biggest problem of this game in my opionin is that the game play feels boring, all the puzzles are uninspired and some are unlogical, requiring either simply writing down everything you encountered during walking around or proceeding by trials and errors.Only recommended for light point-and-click adventure players or walking simulator lovers when discounted."
76561197995360054,Recommended,269050,12361725,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RobotDinosaur,"It seems like Year Walk should be a hard game to recommend. Scary enough that people who aren't horror fans might not like it, but probably not scary at all to horror diehards. And it's short - finished my playthrough in about 2 hours, and aside from redoing one puzzle (that I can't go into detail on because spoilers), there's not much replay value.But, I was impressed by how they used a somewhat cartoonish, paper cutout art style but still evoked a sense of dread. Puzzles were occasionally tricky but usually made sense after a few minutes of thinking about it. And I enjoyed the story and the various methods they used to narrate it. If you don't mind the price or can wait to get it on sale, it's worth a try."
76561198040895207,Recommended,269050,10933294,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sheshie,"Really interesting idea for a game, had to have a lie down after finishing it. So weird."
76561198049538908,Recommended,269050,10552583,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Alichino,"I'll admit it: I'm downright terrible at puzzle games. I have never once gotten through one without extensive help from walkthroughs. Then why do I love them so much? I realized the answer after finishing Year Walk. I adore the stories. I delight in the synergy of art and music and immersion. And this game delivers.Year Walk is a haunting trip through Swedish folklore. At times it is peaceful, if lonely, as you wander across the snow. At other times it is incredibly unsettling, such as when you must carry squirming bundles through the woods or the few jump scares. The reigning atmosphere of the game is one of uncertainty, unease, and foreboding; It is a fitting tone for a foolhardy quest to break Nature's laws and peer into the future.The controls are simple enough. There are no save or load buttons, as this will automatically be done while leaving or entering the game. A pen and some paper will help with some of the puzzles, as will reading the included information about the various spirits. The hint feature was wonderfully done (there was only one clue that failed to enlighten me), which I am ever so grateful for.Your journey will be a fairly brief one, but the experience will linger long afterwards. I always sit in a stupor through the credits after a good movie, still caught by world I've just witnessed. After your Year Walk, you just might feel the same."
76561198101219208,Recommended,269050,22333977,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Ellyse,"I really enjoyed Year Walk. It has a dreamy, sinister atmosphere with lots to learn about Swedish folklore. The puzzles aren't too bad, though the developers provide hints, which was nice in a few cases. Definitely jumped a few times, but I loved the art, feel and gameplay. you can definitely tell it was made for tablet/mobile though, based on the amount of ""touch and drag"" mechanics. A good way to spend an evening."
,Recommended,269050,10990068,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DoctorOfLaws,"Year Walk is a memorable, harrowing, bleak and fantastic experience. The Scandinavian folklore that ties it together is very creepy and unique. The puzzles are fair and story is intriguing. Recommended."
,Recommended,269050,11045475,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,garlic,"A short puzzle/adventure game based on Scandinavian folklore and the dangerous act of year walking - wandering out into the woods at midnight in an attempt to interpret your future.Before you even play, take a look at the in-game encyclopedia to read up on what creatures you'll be encountering. The puzzles aren't incredibly difficult, but I would recommend having a piece of paper handy. If you do manage to get stuck, the game has a built in hint feature that should help out. The game is a bit spooky, but not anything that would really bother anyone.The game itself is pretty good. Be sure to read the journal once you've unlocked it at the end. Doing so adds to the lore and lets you reach the actual ending."
,Recommended,269050,10650552,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ocean_EXPLOSION,"This is a pretty cool puzzle/adventure game. It may seem off putting at first from the lack of direction it gives you, but if you read the in game encyclopedia you should be able to follow the clues. I also loved the meta creepypasta secret in the game. It is pretty short and has little replay value, but if you like creepy stories and puzzles I highly recommend this game."
76561198041679085,Recommended,269050,10899342,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RadRice,It's short but has great atmosphere. I really enjoyed reading the lore and journal entries.The jump scares still scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me no matter how many times I replay it.
,Recommended,269050,24784151,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,It's A Me Dio,"This game is awesome. The soundtrack is good, the atmosphere is good, the graphics are good, the art is good... its  a good game. 10/10 would recomend to everyone. Although its small its worth your time and money. Do yourself a favor and buy this game"
76561198047737799,Recommended,269050,24456788,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,aryastar,"An excellent dedication to its aesthetic. It provides horror not by jumpscares or the insistance of death around every corner, but instead through a slow subtle dread that lingers as you play. Oh, and don't forget to open the box."
76561198070049357,Recommended,269050,32636592,Posted: 22 June,all,nosuchip,It! Is! Awesome!It does not looks like something fantastic but it is. This game charm you with story of northenr folk tale and you feeling like yourself wandering in winter forest. Making your own Year Walk.
,Recommended,269050,10950336,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jelly,"Beautiful, slightly creepy, gets your brain working, has a pretty soundtrack.A bit too short, but definitely still worth it."
76561198139850731,Recommended,269050,23567424,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Psycho_ollyx,"Just an all over great game. The puzzles kept me busy, and the eery atmophere of the game made it that much better. The art was a huge plus, along side the music. Definitely enjoyed it anyway"
76561198090295577,Recommended,269050,12201232,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,The Emisphere,This game takes you on an eerie folklore puzzle walk then throws you for a cool loop at the end. I do adore a game with an awesome end to it.  <3
,Recommended,269050,10816646,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dead.,Don't be fooled.
76561198013141287,Recommended,269050,9680311,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Centipede,It's like David Lynch directed Blair Witch. You gotta see this.
,Recommended,269050,11076495,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,W1ntur,"This is a fantastic game.  It has a base in norse/swedish mythology.  All mythology is fascinating, and it is great to see a game based on it.WARNING: It does have several jump scare moments. If you do not like those, keep this in mind.My one complaint about this game is not its length, or that it is quite linear.  It is that there is no direction to start with.  This forces exploration, which I do anyway.  The probelm arises when an area has been mentally marked as explored, then something in that otherwise empty area is activated later with no indication.  I got stuck early on in the game because this was unclear.  However, one I understood this modus operandi, the next area to move to was clear based on my exploration and the simple clue that is given.I would recommend this game to anyone who can handle or appreciate a jump scare or three, who loves mythology, or who loves puzzles/riddles."
,Recommended,269050,15719338,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Aye,This game will mess you up in the head... but in a good way
,Recommended,269050,10529380,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Chibitus,"I like the theme and feeling of the game quite a bit, but some of the puzzles are tedious instead of difficult. Still no regrets for buing this, I love the lore."
,Recommended,269050,10608534,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Morloxx,"This game was a bit short but great.  Its a mix of multiple things, an atmospheric horror puzzle-adventure. It really helps to note down hints you see in the game for later puzzles. 5/5 Would walk again!"
,Recommended,269050,10983491,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,mad_ekorn,"Very short. Atmospheric, tells quite a dark story, as do most Scandinavian games. Good if you like a story, some puzzles, and don't expect to get a lot of playtime out of it."
76561198054041782,Recommended,269050,25262780,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,harku1446,"The game is very short but I really enjoyed my time with it. It has a lovely art style with great music and atmosphere that really sets the mood, and the use of Swedish lore and creatures is also a great plus for me.Some of the puzzles were a bit hard to figure out, but the game is plenty helpful when you absolutely need it.Basically if you enjoy point in click type games like the ones you'd fine for iPhone or online, and want to enjoy some nice visuals and atmosphere for a few hours then get this game."
,Recommended,269050,14173100,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,#KushDaddy,"Amazing art, interesting puzzles, amazing music, and a really beautiful story.Probably my favorite indie game i've played since journey on the ps3"
76561197987049851,Recommended,269050,9864172,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,janedough,a real horror game. none of this wishy-washy survival horror. there is no survival to be found here.
76561198200594350,Recommended,269050,16405256,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,katiecat345,"Great game. Beautiful, challenging, and definitely a horror game.The only thing is, it's pretty short. Finished in about an hour and a half.Still a great game, but short"
76561198067628758,Recommended,269050,16567668,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Salivating Moron,"Beautiful music, graphics and story. Scary too. Definitely was startled into spilling my beer on my pants a few times. The puzzles are entertaining and challening too. Had a lot of fun playing this game."
,Recommended,269050,16584386,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,dapperdeer,A fantastic horror game steeped in Swedish folklore.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,269050,16373335,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Winter,"Beautiful, quiet indie game with puzzlies I like it."
,Recommended,269050,16383386,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,A Square of the World,"This game is highly atmospheric, sometimes even horrifying.Delves into old Swedish mythology, most of which I was familiar with already. Some I wasn't, and it was very interesting reading the encyclopedia that comes with the game, while it added to the haunting feeling of something being eerily wrong.Especially if you read the journal after finishing the game.It's a short game, but excellent.Play it late at night with headphones for the best experience."
76561198305664740,Recommended,269050,24153635,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,CommonCarp,"This game turned out to be absolutely flawless, albeit tricky at times, incredibly beautiful."
76561198061655952,Recommended,269050,33583025,Posted: 16 July,all,Marco,"Beautiful visuals with a very enjoyable style that really fits the mood of the game. Music fits in the mood as well, with a good mix in ambiance and more suggestive background music.Gameplay wise, there's small improvements that could be made. In the dialog part (even tho there is very little) its quite annoying to know when you have to press in order to cycle dialog. I would also prefer the possiblity to use the up and down arrow keys to move back and forward instead of having to use the mouse to click it, as it is much less intuitive in my opinion.Love the mood and stye of this game. Also enjoy the fact that it is inspired by real folklore, which makes the content more grounded in reality compared to if it would be all ficiton!It's a short game, but definately a must buy for a cozy (and quite creepy) saturday evening/night!"
,Recommended,269050,12747002,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,://sineater,I reallylikelovethis game. I've played this game more than ten times. It never gets old.highlyrecommend.Year Walkis my favorite game so far.
,Recommended,269050,9572749,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,eddie sphagetti csgoroll.com,"It's an atmospheric adventure not horrifying yet creepy♥♥♥♥♥game that is just something close to perfection. I love this game in every way. A 2-3 hour game that is just , let me put this right, it's just ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. That's what it is. It's totally worth 5.99$. Games like The Swapper and Year Walk are just awesome, and I highly recommend getting this game. Don't even think twice before getting this game."
,Recommended,269050,9649294,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,KEYPHUR,"Best game to give you chills and make you cry, but, it is worth knowing you get a second chance to make things right."
,Recommended,269050,13810510,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,JasonPKaplan,"Frankly, I think this is the way Year Walk was meant to be played.  I could not get into in on iOS, be it the controls or something else, but I was enraptured by this game when played on a PC.  I hope Simogo brings more of their titles to PC so I can experience them similarly."
,Recommended,269050,9391926,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Larkjury,"This game is beautiful and genuinely disconcerting. Fair as far as puzzling goes: subtle but simple, and everything makes sense if you investigate enough. And you will want to investigate, because the lore, art, and music involved are wonderful and otherworldly. I am impressed by the way the in-game encyclopedia & journal were integrated into the gameplay and story (I understand that the mobile version had those included in a companion app, which seems like an interesting way to experience this as well). The nature of the true narrative surprised and intrigued me, and I can see myself thinking about this for a long time to come. I would really recommend this to anyone who can appreciate a well-crafted atmosphere in a game, whether you like puzzles or not."
76561198035239764,Recommended,269050,9436715,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Oodles of Noodles,"Now this....THIS is a game. Year Walk harkens back to the days of HTML/flash games that were exclusivly in browser, like the Bionicle one that used to be on the LEGO website. While starkly simple, YW capitvates its player with a completley unique sountrack and quite obscure historical and mythical items. I can't possibly explain the story line, but the premise is that you, in your crazy swede mindset, decided to follow the traditional avenue of the ""Year Walk""; a ceremony of sorts where the person in question isolates themself for a whole day in a dark house without food, water or exposure to anything whatsoever, then ventures into the remote woods at nightfall to encounter beasts, magic and possibly see the future.Before you ask, yes, this was a real thing that people did. I'm proud to be swedish, but good grief are my people wierd.Anyway, I would recommend this for PC, not for a phone though - I can forsee some dificulties trying to navigate if you would have to use your fingers instead of a mouse."
,Recommended,269050,12470071,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,amandaalgebraic,"This game is very well made, and though I beat it all in one long sitting, I'd play it again. It takes a lot of thinking to complete the tasks at hand, it's not a game you can just skip all the information and play through. It's very interesting, there was quite a bit of reading but I really enjoyed it. If you're looking for an in-depth puzzle-type game then get this! Also, watch the credits! The game isn't over at the end of your first year walk, the game isn't over until it says THE END! That's all I have to say, no spoilers!"
76561198046434009,Recommended,269050,13464422,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Quaker Oats Quaker,"This game is perfect. It has a few jumpscares so be warned if you're not into that, but the overall experience and lore that you get out of this is well worth the 6 bucks."
,Recommended,269050,14760808,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dravvad,"An odd game, or rather mini-story, that I would recommend, but DO NOT pay the full price. Here is a time where I wish Steam would have an ""OK"" recommendation instead of Yes or No.Length-wise, Year Walk is rather disappointing. I do not understand that some people can take hours with it. Just by wandering around helplessly, and using only 2 hints, I ended up finishing in around 30 minutes, and that's with seeing everything that you can see except for the alternate ending. Immediately afterwards, I got into the journal, and I racked up my game time from sitting there at different pages--because I saw how many entries there were, I started cooking myself dinner while going back and forth to the journal. In reality, you can probably read and fully engross yourself in the journal within about 20 minutes, and I picked up on what I was supposed to do and got the alternate ending immediately. After that, there is no replayability to the game at all.Now, when I first started the game, I sat down and read the Encyclopedia without going anywhere, and I was greatly interested in the folklore as it was described there. Afterwards, I ran through the whole game in one sitting. To be honest, nothing special seemed to be happening the whole game other than ""Hey, look, you're encountering everything you just read about!"" But besides solving a puzzle or two for each being, nothing really happened. Then you get to the end of the game and you're like ""What just happened?""By going through the alternate ending, you understand what happened. And as some people seem to argue that the ending means that the story can change, I argue on the other end. The alternate ending implies that everything is completely fixed and has no leeway.What I liked about the game, essentially, boils down to the Encyclopedia, the Journal, and the alternate ending. I was rather okay with the first ending being this weird ambiguous mess, but to be honest, I didn't really like much of your first playthrough. You're given all of the beings you just read about... but it just felt somewhat cheesy and slopped together. The atmosphere overall was alright though, but I never once got a scared feeling from the game (even with my headphones and the dark).I didn't pay full price for the game, and I am rather glad. Altogether, it is an interesting idea, but it is not much of your time. I understand everything in the game, but it's not going to engulf me and fill my mind forever like some people are posting on the forums. Rather, it's just a one-shot story that, while I did enjoy the story, could have used more development in the actual experience of the Year Walk itself."
,Recommended,269050,9745267,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,euske,"The future is lie. The future is evil. The future is pointless.The future is stupid. The future is stupid.Ahem.It's foolish and sinful to attempt to know the future, because after all, the future is undefined.Be prepared to face uncertainty. Embrace it. Also, buy this game."
76561198044609295,Not Recommended,269050,15311502,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,CastIronBoomstick,"This is, yet again, another game that I could talk for about an hour about; not because of how amazing it is, but because of the strange circumstance I find myself in. I enjoyed this game, more or less. I cannot, however, recommend this game.Year Walk is short. Very short. You may think you know what I mean by that, but you dont. No game Ive ever played has been this short. Should the puzzles prove intuitive to you (hint: they wont) you could theoretically beat this game in about ten minutes. 'But wait!' you say ' the same could be said of Myst, and that game is amazing'.  The difference in this case is that Year Walk just isnt that good. It is, in essence, a primer on the concept of a Year Walk (the scandanavian tradition of, as far as I can tell, fasting yourself delusional then wandering around until you can see the future) and the sorts of critters and monster's you're likely to encounter on such a journey.  In basic point of fact, Year Walk is a bad puzzle game, with most of its puzzles revolving around draging things around the environment in ways you wouldnt normally assume possible. That, combined with the jump-scare horror and the fairly short runtime, makes this game fall short of a recommendation.HOWEVER. If you have a massive boner for any sort of mythology, and want to spend 20 minutes reading the game's codex, then a walkthough for the game, its not half bad. The real sticker is the price; there are much better things to be had both real and virtual for $5."
76561198044492996,Not Recommended,269050,31588816,Posted: 6 May,all,maija.lempiainen,"An atmospheric game with nice signature art style and many interesting little tidbits for a folklore buff like myself, but ultimately rather forgettable. Only about an hour and half worth of game, and I can't honestly see myself returning to it."
76561198051869089,Recommended,269050,9366706,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,NMSIS [GB],"I played this on the IOS release, its haunting.One of the best storys i've ever been told and the art direction is nothing short of flawless.10/10 one of my personal favourites of all time."
,Recommended,269050,9417491,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,CarlCX,Jag vet inte vad som gör vattnet-get gråta.Jag vet att du spelar det här spelet gör mig oförmögen att sluta gråta.
76561198108690797,Recommended,269050,9393524,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,hmurphree,"When Year Walk made it's first debut on the app store, I was both fustrated and engrossed in the world that developer Simogo had created. It has atmosphere and style that set it apart making it one of the best horror/puzzle games on the market. In many ways, Year Walk is like an adventure game with some truly unique puzzle designs put in to help lengthen the adventure. On more than one occassion did I get jumps at the horrors Year Walk threw at me, making me feel tense and disturbed while never wanting to stop. The only downside is that the puzzles can be so frustrating at times that it could lead to others quitting early on, but if you do know the puzzles, Year Walk suddenly becomes a 20 minute game rather than 2 hour game. But that shouldn't discourage all people from playing it, just have a walkthrough ready when you get stuck and don't be surprised when it ends quickly."
76561197974342397,Recommended,269050,9482748,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,kcummings,"Wow.  Its short but worth the investment to play through the story.  And that's what it is, more story than traditional video game. If you like dark movies that make you think but want to be more interactive than sitting in a theater, then this is for you."
76561198046220550,Recommended,269050,9386427,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Jerkle | Aviato,"This is an incredibly well put together game! It is a mild horror game, the puzzles are fun to solve, and its even worth playing again for the secret in the end credits! Plus if you do get ""the secret"" READ THE WHOLE JOURNAL! It is really interesting and the encyclopedia is incredibly well done! I highly suggest this game for a quick 2 hours or so of enjoyment!+10"
76561198126379658,Recommended,269050,9404249,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ashcrack,"This game has an eerie kind of beauty that I just absolutely love. Although the game is quite short, I enjoyed every single second of it. From the puzzles, to the creatures, to the creepy black and white atmosphere this game was a work of art. The story was great all the way to the end. This game was worth all $5.99, and I highly recommend it to anyone that likes puzzles and having the hairs on the back of your neck stand up."
,Recommended,269050,9642737,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Keesee,"Still trying to figure this one out, I definitely enjoy this game, but it rubs me in an odd manner."
,Recommended,269050,9385922,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ape Vigoda,"The best thing I can say about Year Walk is that the suspense and fear in the game come entirely from exploration and piecing together the mysteries. It's exceedingly rare to find an unsettling game that really captures the feeling of slowly discovering the horror for yourself. The encyclopedia providing a background on the creatures you'll meet, the runes and symbols which slowly develop meaning and the puzzles themselves which frequently extend beyond the 4th wall make the game deeply uncomfortable and frightening.The actual scare beats are limited but very well timed. I played the game initially on the iOS release and found myself still jumping - and at one point quitting the game to take a walk - at some of the better moments.The art and sound design are both great, wandering the woods feels appropriately lonely and tense. The adaptations to the iOS controls for PC are fine and even feature some adjustments to some of the puzzles.Highly, highly recommended. It's not a long game, probably only 90 minutes to 2 hours but the price is right and it's an experience that has stuck with me since I first played it on my phone last year. It's smart, creative horror and it might teach you a thing or two about Scandanavian folklore."
,Recommended,269050,9422680,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,barfle,"Amazing! An excellent use of the game format for storytelling. The puzzles can be pretty hard (I had to check walkthroughs a few times), but still rewarding nonetheless. It gets progressively creepier, and I had a few geniune jump moments. A perfect game for playing in the dark on a snowy evening."
76561197995358592,Recommended,269050,9415886,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,MrTizzay,"Absolutely amazing. A smart, beautiful, and at times frightening adventure game with tight controls ported, surprisingly well, from the iPad. Having to write down clues to remember them later and figuring out cryptic puzzles (even using the equally cryptic hint system) is unbelievably satisfying. Play it in an hour and remember it forever."
,Recommended,269050,9396045,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Krasnerator,"This game has a very high ♥♥♥♥s per minute score. When I wasn't cursing at the reasonably creepy scares, I was cursing at the old-school adventure game puzzles. And when I wasn't cursing at that, I was cursing in awe at the beautiful artwork. So with triple the FPM of a most adventure games, this game totally deserves an hour or two of your time."
,Recommended,269050,9424203,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,TragiComedian,Great Game Worth Every Penny!!Very Creepy Very Interesting Very Inovative and Rather Educational
76561198076485122,Recommended,269050,9463229,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Shanimzy,Love this Game! Scared the heck out of me! Worth the buy. Shory game though
,Recommended,269050,9403724,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,astronatical,"Amazing, entrancing lore. Intriguing puzzles, but I was more impressed by the content (you MUST read the encyclopedia and open the journal!) and the visual style. Simply gorgeous, short point and click horror-esque game, highly recommend for an interesting experience."
,Recommended,269050,9422646,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Mansquito,A puzzle horror game. Great atmosphere/story and some tricky-ish puzzles. Very short. Worth the cheap price.
,Recommended,269050,9386087,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,HURGHT,"Satisfying little puzzle/adventure game that encourages repeat play-throughs to flesh out the narrative. If you like scribbling down game notes and easy cryptography, you'll enjoy this. Takes about an hour your first time through."
76561198061757575,Recommended,269050,9495941,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,nonplussed_by_space_dolphins,"Year Walk is a beautifully written, excessively clever, 2 hour long point and click adventure.Play it. Reach the ending. Be very sad."
,Recommended,269050,9576411,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Megan,"If you enjoy a good mind♥♥♥♥, games based on lore, creepy puzzles, layered stories, literary challenges, or any variation of these things, please buy Year Walk. I actually prefer the iOS version, as it doesn't have hints or a map, and it has a much creepier and more in-depth vibe to it. Whatever version you play, please play this and use the in-game journal to its full potential. Playing this in the dark with headphones on is the best, and just try to forget reality for a few hours. The world in this game is jarring, but so worth walking through at least once."
,Recommended,269050,9377415,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Kraxriket,"Atmospheric point n' click game with some really tasteful horror thrown in. It's all you'll ever want from an indie game, really. Pick this up if it ever goes on sale, it's totally worth it."
,Recommended,269050,17546002,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,OfFeathers,:D
76561198137007847,Recommended,269050,24725673,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,BGAM,Nice story with the nice BGM. It would be better if the story can be skipped....
,Recommended,269050,9368777,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Lordnine,Very short but worth a look if you want a mildly disturbing point and click adventure game.
,Recommended,269050,10799651,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Soft Furry Boyfriend,HoLeeCrap
,Recommended,269050,10862094,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ManBearPig,Well polshed indie game. Nice experience.
,Recommended,269050,12168215,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,360 No Scope She Wrote,"Quiet, beautiful, haunting, unnerving. Albeit short, it leaves enough of an impact to bring me back to wander in the cold, desolate woods once again. Any fan of subtle horror, mythology/folklore, or both- this game is a must-play."
,Recommended,269050,12278792,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,<CH> Blade,"The best word to describe Year Walk is probably 'genial'. If you are into scandinavian culture stop reading this and buy the game right now. If you are not... still buy the game, because even the achievements expand the mystery and the story. An amazing folklore experience."
,Recommended,269050,12519150,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Kimisaparasite,This game is so perfect. It's actually a pretty short game but I played it several times so I could unlock everything and I suggest everyone else do the same because you get to unlock the story at the very end and it is a really interesting read. Also beware of pop-outs! :-)
,Recommended,269050,11240998,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Marfedelom,"Not a bad game, has a great creepy atmosphere and a superb soundtrack. Only thing is had I known there were jump scares I would've had second thoughts about picking it up."
,Recommended,269050,11277592,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Snoop,This game was amazing. I couldn't stop playing it until I finished it. It was very original and beautiful. The puzzles were challenging but not impossible. I absolutely love this game.
76561198141198082,Recommended,269050,11609245,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,One in a Melon 🍉,"Serene, but creepy, Year Walk takes lore and transforms it into a puzzling and interesting game play. I scare easily but even for those that aren't so easily scared, you can guarantee this game will keep you thinking. Though calm in nature, the beauty of the forest hides a sinister secret. It will take me some time to finish this purely because of my scaredy cat nature, but I will continue to play!"
,Recommended,269050,11630532,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,nessiehaze,"Just finished. Wow, I was NOT expecting anything really from this game. I had never even heard of it but saw it on sale and decided to give it a go. Easily a must-play for anyone who enjoys story, atmosphere, and mystery. Wow, just wow."
76561198080152550,Recommended,269050,11963541,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,I fed murdered baby souls to a horse.10/10
,Recommended,269050,12688761,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,BlueAlopex,"I love reading the lore and figuring out the puzzles on my own. I enjoyed it very much, BUT it is a VERY short game. So keep that in mind. It has a unique way of moving around that takes a bit to get used to. It is a fresh way of looking at ""side"" scrollers."
,Recommended,269050,21487238,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Lindala,"It is definetely something else.As a Baltic, there is something familiar, yet strange about this, yet so familiar...Recommended, a great experience."
76561198035512862,Not Recommended,269050,26530433,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,King Of Snake,Truly one of the most exasperating games I have ever played.
,Recommended,269050,20824228,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,NinaNina Puppet Master,"This is a game you should play for the creepy athmosphere, the audio and storyline.This actually quite overwhelmed me since I expected just a pretty click & play. It's a puzzle game so some like it, some don't since you can get a bit frustrated when you can't solve it quickly. I loved the double ending and reading the journal. I play this game everytime my friends come over just to show them the awesomeness. It is not for everyone tho and once you finished the two ending... well there is just no replay value unless you wanna show it to friends.  The solutions to the puzzles aren't randomly generated so once you've played it you can pretty much write the answers down and finish it quickly the second time. Which has its pros and cons.Big con for me; No collectable cards, hence no badge to craft :'( (I'm addicted to collecting cards)"
76561198119484095,Recommended,269050,9715456,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,ANAN,<3
,Recommended,269050,12747189,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Voodoo Dragon,Well... It's art.
,Not Recommended,269050,17855298,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Snuggles,Get it on sale if you are really interested. I could barely make it 10 minutes into this. The only horror I was able to experience was fighting the games interface to move around and explore things. A game about walking shouldn't feel this far removed from the concept of walking.
,Recommended,269050,13097790,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Tutant Meenage Neetle Teetles,"Year Walk is an absolutely brilliant point-and-click game with beautiful art & music, simple puzzles, creepy atmosphere, and a surprising amount of depth for what was originally an iPhone app before it came to Steam. to fully enjoy Year Walk you'll need a pen and paper, the Year Walk Companion app on your phone, a pair of headphones and a dark room. from start to finish, the game took me a little over an hour. read the encyclopedia, take notes, remember every shape you see.oh, and the end of the game isn't actually the ending -- wait through the credits and the story expands into even creepier territory."
76561198012187835,Not Recommended,269050,12758388,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,twofifty,"This would be the first negative review I've given a game. Year walk is more story than game, with intentionally difficult to navigate environments and cryptic illogical puzzles. The music, art style and the jump scares are delightful, but the actual playing of the game is just an excercise in tedium.  Once I found out that this was a phone game, the poor interface made a bit more sense. For a person with hundreds of games in his library, I regret purchasing this one."
76561198048978243,Not Recommended,269050,19119424,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,MAV,"Way to short, did not amuse me not nice to play on pc."
,Not Recommended,269050,15102261,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,hitt.william,"The game is incredibly slow, and somewhat obtuse.  One that perhaps you play for the journey.  It couldn't hold my interest."
76561198028325739,Recommended,269050,11645565,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,P1,This game is creepy
,Not Recommended,269050,33009369,Posted: 29 June,all,Lady Fritz,"Boring and the puzzles seem a bit ridiculous to figure out. It's basically a game of trial and error. After an hour, I'm over it."
,Recommended,269050,14532784,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Corey Willis,"The look and tone of Year Walk are simply outstanding. The story is also well-written and fascinating. The only major gripe I have is the translation of the controls from touch screens to mouse and keyboard. Some actions are not very intuitive using the mouse and keyboard setup. Dragging, spinning, pulling objects feels strange and doesn't work like you would expect them to. It would be very intuitive on a touch screen though and that's where the game was orginally released. If you can get over the control hurdles, Year Walk is a very strange and dark adventure."
,Recommended,269050,18937457,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Stenåke,Great game for all sweedes and those interested in Swedish folklore!
,Recommended,269050,15267039,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,This was an interesting puzzle game. I REALLY love mythology in games so I was very happy to play this. It's really easy to play through and there is some replay potential too. I really wish this game was longer.
,Recommended,269050,10815676,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Grim Gravy,kind of creepy. a couple things made me jump in my seat.can be completed in just a couple hours.I enjoyed it.....and yes. The box can be unlocked.
,Recommended,269050,10696018,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,loud screaming,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥holy♥♥♥♥♥♥buy this game
76561198119561099,Recommended,269050,24746914,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Lumberjacqueline,"Very pretty, very scary. Much jump, such aaaah."
76561198344749226,Recommended,269050,27370678,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crowtato,"pretty rad. awesome story, art, amd atmosphere. 10/10"
,Recommended,269050,25062262,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,pootispaghetti,"This game is amazing!  The look, feel, sound, and story all work together in great harmony to capture the player and immerse them in this masterpiece.  I would recommend this game to anyone who likes puzzle games, psychological horror, Scandanavian folklore, and/or games that make you feel something special.  This game is something that you should experience before watching others, but ,in my opinion, to get the most out of this game read through the encyclopedia so that you understand more of what's going on, especially if you aren't familiar with creatures in Scandanavian folklore."
76561197970320868,Recommended,269050,9875159,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,sizer99,"Horror / Exploration game. Takes about a day, well worth it.Make sure you watch at the end and get access to the journal, because there's a heck of a lot more content there!"
,Recommended,269050,11110639,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,GRipley,"Reall cool and fulfilling puzzle game. Great style, and really compelling and convincing world and story."
76561198074258154,Recommended,269050,25565045,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,vassen på tassen,"Amazing visuals and sound effects, compact with a great storyOne of my favourite games of all time10/10s(^-^)-b"
,Recommended,269050,35392474,Posted: 1 October,all,Jouissance,"Stunning lore, absorbing artwork, mad soundtracks but terrible storytelling. I mean, really? Thejournalthing was cheesy."
76561198252907525,Recommended,269050,33069956,Posted: 30 June,all,pinkyswanson,good game
,Recommended,269050,12494372,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Human Bean Juice,Yes!
,Recommended,269050,26344648,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,The Grey Sibling,.
76561198078582252,Recommended,269050,25876007,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Baggy,"Great game, looks fantastic! Teh down side is that most people will require a walkthrough...it's cryptic a hell."
76561197999301009,Not Recommended,269050,10973576,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,JD Ickshot,"It's a cool little game but seriously way too short, and lets be honest you will probably use the hints and a walkthrough for some of it."
,Not Recommended,269050,34205966,Posted: 12 August,all,ramyland_maelstrom,Very frustrating-tedious experience ...i guess im not into puzzle games or maybe the game mechanics are too convoluted and the overall design is a failure !
76561198064420406,Recommended,269050,16692144,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,whataboar,I pooped. It good. 10/10
,Not Recommended,269050,19704362,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ohmsrulz,"This game is like Myst in it's game play. This would be a pretty great game had I played it back in that time frame. However, now-a-days I like more interactivity in my games not just sliding pics. You can't move around the world freely you can only go left and right for the most part and sometimes up and down. It's a series of pics."
76561198058172433,Recommended,269050,14493949,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,bnder123,"Year Walk isn't really all that much a game but more of an interactive story. A story that you cannot alter no matter what you do. You only move around on the map, do a few puzzles, and the story progresses. The sad thing about the puzzles are that it is impossible to solve them without looking at the hints and still it's extremely difficult. Chances are you'll be utilizing an online walkthrough to guide you through a story that you have no control over. It also has ZERO replayability as it's only appeal is the unfolding of the story. Like a book, once you've read it, you're done with it.The only pluses that Year Walk has are that it's relatively cheap and that the story is interesting. If you like a good mystery story with psychologically creepy imagery then this is for you. If you're looking for a puzzle game solely because you want to solve puzzles then you'll be disappointed.I'm recommending this title but barely. Had it been a few dollars more I would have said no."
,Recommended,269050,12092386,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,TPI | Ketobbey,Brilliant is a simple word that will not do 'Year Walk' full justice. Beautiful and haunting are much better words.
76561198083140597,Recommended,269050,10002494,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Theater Thug,"Still better than Slender: The Arrival.Year Walk is an amazing take on survival horror, and is very original. Just get it, for a 2 hour campaign this is truly amazing."
76561198001065202,Not Recommended,269050,34990538,Posted: 16 September,all,Duralumin,What a waste of time.
76561198041622428,Not Recommended,269050,9983652,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Nobody,"Expected a lot more of this game. Played it out in an hour for the first time... It's original, I must say that, but it's too simple and too short, and the navigation is, eeeh, well... boring..."
,Not Recommended,269050,10741826,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,VapingVixen13,"I really hope they release more chapters to this game, it's entirely too short. I'm not sure if it was a glitch, but after finishing the first part of the game, and after the ""end"" credits, I was back in the world in the spring/summertime. I turned the game off to come back to it later (after being reassured that the game would save my progress), only to restart the game back in winter time. And the little smidgen of play before the true ending is relatively pointless and disappointing. Unless I'm missing something here, the whole ""To Be Continued"" shtick is a tease."
76561198061903331,Not Recommended,269050,10279859,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,MellowCell,"Pretty game with a few side stories for you to read telling about folklore that relates to the game. Other than being visually pleasing the game is short, has a hard to grip story, and is lacking what I think a great advenure game needs to be one of the greats. I'd say save your money."
,Not Recommended,269050,11092388,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,whitneyarner,"This game had a lovely atmosphere and was very chilling, but I was VERY taken out of it by a couple of completely stupid and unnecessary jump scares. That, in addition to how understanding the story involves having to read a bunch of extra stuff at the end instead of having it told naturally during the game just soured the whole experience for me. (Also, the story told there was eye-rollingly ridiculous.) Very disappointing."
76561198065517745,Not Recommended,269050,10954710,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Anitanannerz,"This is a great game if you like to wander aimlessly with some vague 'Hints' on what to do.I had to look up a walkthough to figure out what was going on, its not the type of game I'd normally play but the video and screenshots made it look better than it actually is.It was a strange game with some jumpy parts that made me crap myself, genuinely didnt enjoy it, but it did have beautiful graphics and the gameplay was smooth, took me just over an hour to complete it, its definitly not worth the price."
76561198119805577,Not Recommended,269050,10885877,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,jASH KETCHUM,This game is cool. I think the story could have been better. But thats not the point. This game confused me more then any other game on the planet. I had to look up YouTube cheats every puzzle I was on. It is good. But not worth the money.
76561198043461447,Not Recommended,269050,13773667,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,midnightxpress,"Really slow, and short. Great concept if you like really abstract art and consider yourself a hipster who likes things that aren't main stream just so you can act like a pompous♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198036415903,Not Recommended,269050,12954171,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,gdelta9,Puzzles are really make no sense. A bit of short game
,Recommended,269050,12735953,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,tony smart,games xcant be art
,Not Recommended,269050,33074550,Posted: 1 July,all,Bastidge Child,Obtuse puzzles. Nobody got time for bronchitis.
,Recommended,269050,19180292,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TacoTruck,"Wonderful visuals, great atmosphere. A couple of well-placed jumpscares, be warned. Definitely worth an hour of your time,A hint for those who don't want to use the in-game cheat hints: Take some things at face value, don't get hung up on red herrings."
,Recommended,269050,18828659,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Maratz,"Year Walk - in 100 words:It begins just like a fable, but a dark one, with snow, surnatural beings and blood. In the middle of a Sweden forest, a man tries to catch a glimpse of his own future by year walking. What is it? The methods are unorthodox; the consequences are grim. In the end, nobody will survive this hubris. Fables are no more, they say. Video games killed them. Year Walk disagrees. It's an embodiment of things past that shall never be forgotten. The moral lesson will survive: some things are better left unknown. Year Walk is a reminder not to play God.Year Walk is......a game with a strong atmosphere and a gloomy mood. Jumpscares may occur, so be warned....forcing you to play at least twice to begin understanding the whole thing....relatively easy on the puzzle, and does not require a PhD in Braid-o-phily.Year Walk is not......a fast-paced game with guns and explosions. Everything is slow, even the walking....long enough. In fact, it is very short. Know what you are getting into before buying it....for those who hate reading and connecting the dots by themselves."
,Recommended,269050,18929325,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ShowGhoul,"I really like the music and artwork for this game, but I felt that it was too short, esp considering the price. If you want an artsy horror game that isnt too involved, then this is for you. If you want something to keep you engrossed a while longer..then not so much."
,Recommended,269050,19106104,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot,"Great game, I love the art and story telling styles. Beware of the jump scares."
,Recommended,269050,30622507,Posted: 19 March,all,Tiamonster,"First things first: I counted three horror elements in the game, and they were all jump scares. So, if you're avoiding this because you're concerned about the horror tag, please don't let it deter you. I find myself paralyzed in most horror games, but I never felt that way with Year Walk.I love point-and-click adventures, but I particularly enjoyed this game because the mythology behind the plot and mechanics wasn't just dressing. If you want to solve puzzles, you read the encyclopedia. And not in the Witcher-sense of the idea: you don't read it to automatically unlock something else. You have to find things, and the encyclopedia entries help with that.I also loved the art. As I said, I'm not big on horror games, but I love it nearly every where else. The surreal style mixes with muted colors to create an eerie atmosphere for the game. (Man, I adored that damn horse.) The puzzles serve the atmosphere, as well. They're each their own representation of the creature you're working with (or challenging, depending on your interpretation, I guess). They don't require intense brain power, firing off all of your neurons or anything, but I found them sufficiently challenging and appropriate for what the game is.My biggest issue was with the movement. You can't turn around or look to the side, but you move as if you should be able to do those things. But the map is so small it didn't end up as frustrating as I thought it would be.I'm not sure Year Walk is for everyone, but I'd say it's a must if you enjoy atmospheric and/or point-and-click adventure games."
,Recommended,269050,19029380,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,mngwa,"I'm fresh from the game, and.... wow. I can't articulate what I feel about this game, but others should definitely play it. It is well worth the 6 bucks, even if it is short. The story, and slowly unravelling of the mystery and main character's psyche.... amazing.If you have any love for horror stories, mythology, or mystery, play this strange little adventure.I will warn anyone sensitive to such things that there are a couple of jump scares, but they are not too bad."
76561198260726937,Recommended,269050,19402512,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,therealjess86,"Minimalistic. Stylized. Breathtaking. Visual Candy. The simplicity adds an excitement and beauty to the game. I had to use the hint system a few times. They never give away exactly what the player should do. The puzzles aren't your run of the mill variety-which is definitely a plus.There isn't another game like this (that I'm aware of)- and it is definitely worth the play and experience.*The music is perfect- ""Haunting"" and ""Surreal"""
76561198001570022,Recommended,269050,12271805,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Tado,"A beautiful, stylistic adventure/horror/puzzlesolving game. Despite the short play-time it may have, it's images and story stick with you long after closing it. Top it off with some lessons on Swedish folklore/mythology and a killer soundtrack and I consider it one of my favorite games.The first playthrough is  fantastic;   the second playthrough is chill-inducing."
76561198054024600,Recommended,269050,19374898,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bananarumpus,"This game was really surprising to me in a good way. Easy to get through in a short amount of time, but the time spent playing it is really magical.The story is pretty simple and gets a bit more detailed and complex the closer you are to completing it. It's creepy in its own way, has clever little puzzles, a unique aesthetic and fitting music. I sat down with a cup of cocoa and enjoyed playing through this game for 1-2 hours. Really relaxing and fun. If you like folklore, horror/creepy stuff, storytelling and puzzles, I'd suggest this one!"
76561198024939781,Recommended,269050,10202707,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,boonerboner,"Quick, solid game.First and foremost, this is a horror game, but I wouldn't say it's incredibly scary. Tense would be a good word for it.The game has an atmosphere that sucks you in, and made it all the more enjoyable.It was originally an iPhone game, and the controls show it. It can be a bit clunky at times, but it's nothing that diminished from the game's quality."
,Recommended,269050,10203726,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Gojira1000,"Short, sweet and disturbing. This is a very nice evening of creepy fascination."
,Recommended,269050,10208238,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Lix,"Really beautiful and atmospheric game. Anyone with an interest in Scandavian folklore would love this. A few good scares, too!"
,Recommended,269050,10271987,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Axis 健太郎,A fanastic expereince! More people NEED to play this
76561198044133364,Recommended,269050,10219708,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,yearwalker,"SPANISHIncreible juego, pero es dificil recomendarlo al publico de habla hispana, ya que es un ingles algo complejo y gran parte de la inmersion del juego se debe a la narracion y la enciclopedia.Traduzcan el juego por favor!Gracias por traerlo a steam.ENGLISHIncredible game, but it's difficult to recomend it to hispanic people as a big part of the game has to do with narrative and encyclopedia, and this is a complex english.. though i love it, it's not handy for everyone.Translate the game please!Thanks for bringing it to steam."
,Recommended,269050,10330470,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,SydneyLive,"Honestly, i love this game. Yes, it's relatively short (it has an achievement for finishing in under 2 minutes for a reason) but it's enjoyable. There are a few jumpscares, and the story is intriguing. The puzzle are intuitive and the game is absolutley beautiful. If you're looking for hours upon hours of gameplay, then this isn't for you. However, if you don't play this I think you'll be missing out."
76561198118803054,Recommended,269050,9812681,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,arlesatson,Beautifully done from start to finish. I really enjoyed the overall atmosphere in the presentation of the story. It gave me chills.
76561198078752749,Recommended,269050,9828597,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Creepydeskman,one of the best games ive played in a wile
76561198112921703,Recommended,269050,9872169,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,MissFist,"Obscure and surreal atmosphere, chills all the way through and a bit of a twist in the end."
76561198037725786,Recommended,269050,9875743,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Cooperxk,"Just finished it and I loved this game. It may be short but you will have goose bumps the entire time. Creepy, sad, but ultimately beautiful storytelling, this is a game you should play with no distractions (lights off if you can handle it!). The art, the music, and that sound of thick snow crunching under your feet suck you into the forest so that when a scare comes you really feel it. And there is some really creepy stuff in that forest!As for gameplay the puzzles are not too hard but a pen and paper is necessary later on. Completing one opens up another somewhere else a when you first stumble across the beginings of one the eerie sense of the unknown is one of the essential feelings that you take from the game. Feeling your way through the forest negotiating mystic apparitions without really knowing your final destination (you know it's the church but you get what I mean) all lends to the games unique experience. First time discovery of the forest is where most of the games charm lies so of course replay value is reduced but this is a game that you will remember! (In actual fact I was mid way through my second playtrough when I made the biggest discovery!)This is one of those really cool games that lives up to its style. You'll have images from this game in your head forever and the story wont fade fast from your mind either. Short but well worth the price for the experience in my opinion."
,Recommended,269050,10587805,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Teach Me How To Play King :(,"Awesome, creepy, great sound assets, amazing atmosphere."
76561198052494764,Recommended,269050,10614329,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Vixentale,"Played my first Year Walk, and god its gorgeous and horrifying at the same time. Gonna do some more walks, the re playability its rly good."
,Recommended,269050,10010126,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Chezz,"At first when I saw this game I didn't know what to expect of it, I only bought it because I had some money left after purchasing Bastion and now after playing this game and getting in love with it's mythos I can say from the bottom of my heart that it's worth all of your money, if you're into puzzles, simple yet complex story, mystery and secrets. If you're into those this game is for you.The artistic direction for this game is very well put together. The music is perfectly synched with the events in the game, not once did I ever feel that it was out of place, add to taht the imagery which simplistic and less is in fact more and complex. It adds a layer of mystique and intrigue to our wonderful cake.Some people maight complain to the fact it is short and in a speed run, which is an achievement, you can finish it in 20 minutes or less, but of course if you've already played the game or read cheats, if not you might end up spending quite some time in it, especially if you're like me and play without the map or hints.This game is worth it's money, it might seem short, but it does not feel short and seeing the price for it I say this is not a major inconvenience. All in all this game deserves more attention and praise for that you can see the work the people making it had put and the lasting impretion it will give you is indeed one worth playing for.P.S. Play again after finishid and read the journal <Pqtvj qh vjg oknn, uqwvj qh vjg dtqqm>"
,Recommended,269050,10054472,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,SLYCOOPER,"This game is ♥♥♥♥in awwwsome, at first you dont get it right.. but after a while it while completely blows your mind. i would recommend it for people who like to toss up a bit in game;"
76561198082520689,Recommended,269050,10086908,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Fronskuit,"Year Walk is a game that haunts you when you've played it. In a good way. When you reach the credits the first time, you feel devastated and there is a hint that you can change the outcome, so you'll play it again. And it still gets to you. This little gem of an Indie game is beautiful. The puzzles are clever but not too hard. The atmosphere is hauntingly beautiful and so is the artwork. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves to get through a good story and is a Indie game lover. This game will stay with you for a good amount of time. Go play it already!"
,Recommended,269050,9673774,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Isobutane,Pulled a dead baby out of a cart and gave it to a Swedish mystical horse.
76561197960401948,Recommended,269050,10024272,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,stane,A completely enchanting story with a well crafted atmosphere. Definately well worth the money.
,Recommended,269050,9826817,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,digory,"+ Dreamlike, visionlike atmosphere.+ Eerie surroundings with a touch of horror.+ Some events really made me jump.+ Very nice and atmospheric sound effects.+ Simple but nice graphics.+ Interesting concept of game play.+ Good overall impression.- The game involves a lot of walking around, searching for clues.- The rooms resemble each other quite a lot.- The map is quite small.- Very few objects actually interact.- I would have appreciated some more animations of the objects that don't interact.- Input requires both the keyboard and the mouse. A gamepad cannot be used.- The puzzles at the end aren't real puzzles at all."
76561198108653723,Recommended,269050,9683021,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,mattaman,amazing expierience!
,Recommended,269050,9737778,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Bible Black Belt,"Short game but very fun. Good story, too. Amazing art style and use of 3D and 2D."
76561198037120187,Recommended,269050,10001995,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,FreeHappy,"I'm not really sure what I was expecting when I started playing Year Walk; I had no prior knowledge of the game's plot, and I didn't even know that it originally came out on iOS. But after finishing, I have to say that I was completely blown away. It's definitely short (Only took a little over an hour), and the gameplay took a while to get used to at first, but it's well worth it. The story, as minimalistic as it is, is incredibly original, and I would highly recommend checking it out."
76561197993492300,Recommended,269050,10032890,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Scotty Firebird,"Year Walk is one of the best experiences in a game I've had in quite a while. It is graphically haunting and beautiful; the puzzle solutions are perfectly intuitive and environmental; the story is engaging and believable and ties into the ultimate conclusion of the game absolutely perfectly. Worth every penny and more. In fact, I think I'll go buy it on iOS now."
76561198029184122,Recommended,269050,10017002,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Naicele,Very atmospheric and beautifull puzzle game.
76561198116312262,Recommended,269050,9951640,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,RacoonHands,This game is like a creepy Myst.  The art and sound are amazing.  It is very short (2 to 3 hours) but it's a great experience.  I absolutely loved it.
76561198011587353,Recommended,269050,10803295,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,(⌐■_■),Speechless lvl: Over 9000Good In-game msuic is so damn rare and this is one good reason why to buy this game! 9/10
76561198064018984,Recommended,269050,10811871,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,everhood13,"This game is beautiful, creepy and engaging. 11/10. Highly recomend. Very disturbing at times."
,Recommended,269050,10821508,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Skeletonne,"Wow!! This is a great game with a creepy feel to it, although its never really 'scary'. It has a unique movement system that you can get used to really quick, and has a greatstoryline as well!"
76561198047574888,Recommended,269050,10824029,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mushi_Man,"Wow, this is one of the most hauntingly atmospheric games I have played in quite some time. If you're a fan of good horror games then I would pick this up right away. The puzzles are just the right level of difficulty where they remain challenging and engaging, but you don't storm off frustrated that you couldn't find the answers. And the story is very unique, I can't think of another game that's quite similar to this. The game maybe short but it's a quick and creepy experience for anyone looking to play a fun game at midnight."
,Recommended,269050,11502964,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SPACE JUNK/ANTI-MATTER,"Cool game. It's very short, but good. 9/10."
,Recommended,269050,11481337,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,basvanstratum,"Dark, creepy, great story, wonderful music and graphics. Absolutely loved it!"
76561198071214811,Recommended,269050,10991425,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shambles Inc,"This game is... odd. On the most basic level it's a puzzle game, but not a very challenging one, nor a very long one.So why am I recommending this game? Well, first off it is beautiful, especially in terms of music and sound design. It's also incredibly haunting, far more so than you'd expect a game originally made for smart phones/tablets; the ending (the true ending that is) sent shivers down my spine, and reminded me a little of ""House of Leaves"" by Mark Z. Danielewski.Makers of games such as this deserve your support."
,Recommended,269050,10993204,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PaulyWollyDoodle,"Year Walk is puzzle-horror game that leaves you with your imagination charged by its brilliant puzzles, surreal artwork and music, and supernatural story. If you're a fan of folklore/history, engrossing atmospheres, or bite-sized games well worth their money, buy Year Walk now!The game has you adventuring through a solemn forest on New Year's Eve to attempt an archaic Swedish ritual known as year walking, which allows a person to see into the future of the next year. Year Walk astounded me by how much care it gave to the Swedish folklore. An in-game Encyclopedia allows you to read the details about each creature you'll encounter in the forest. The games developer, Simogo, does a brilliant job of translating these stories into memorable gameplay and artwork. The soundtrack is equally chilling yet captivating, and provides the perfect backdrop to many of the game's distinct moments.I only have two, measly warnings about Year Walk. First, of all, it’s very short. My first playthrough on iOS took less than 3 hours; this is the longest it should take anyone. I still found the experience incredibly satisfying, enough so that I bought the version here on Steam as well. Secondly, I enjoyed how the Encyclopedia and Journal were in a separate app on the iOS version (I won't say why for spoilers), so I wish the Steam version forced players to view them in a similar form as well.Overall, Year Walk is worthy game for any horror or puzzle fan, and one of my favorite games from 2013. I recommend playing it without using the map, hints, or walkthroughs - besides you'll get a couple achievements that way :)"
,Recommended,269050,11101352,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Filthy Feline,Year Walk is definitely a beautiful work of art.The graphics are superb and the gameplay is very original. I was interested the entire time I was playing the game. It's also a good choice for those who like horror games.I was dissapointed to know that the game is very short (about 2-3 hours on your first walkthrough) and replayablity is extremely low. Otherwise the game is very nice.I do hope there will be future updates to this game because I like it a lot.
76561197968768811,Recommended,269050,11103006,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Wendingo,"Recomended - an underrated indie gem. Similar to Gone Home or The Stanley Parable, Year Walk is a single-run story based adventure game with puzzles and a deep mythology. Its a short 2 hour journey that silent hill fans will adore."
,Recommended,269050,11103083,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Ayizan,"This short, hauntingly beautiful game will tax your brain in the most enjoyable of ways. It even offers up a few spooky moments if you let it (play it in the dark). Ultimately what impressed me the most was the meta mystery after the game was finished..."
,Recommended,269050,10951543,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Princess Ewe,"An incredible and beautiful experience. Rather short, but I got it on sale so I don't mind. The artstyle is gorgeous and the story is compelling. Traversing the forest is creepy without being terrifying and there's only one jump scare that I can remember.Very good, interesting game. Wish there were more like it!"
,Recommended,269050,10953171,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MiniPrince,"With absolutely beautiful artwork and amazing detail, Year Walk is a definate game to play. Unlike other horror games, Year Walk's scariness doesn't come from the player's need to survive, but rather for the player to solve a series of puzzles. 10/10, would reccommend to any looking for a good scare!"
,Recommended,269050,10888705,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,T-cat,"Firstly, let me state that I am a sucker for creepy point-and-click games. I found myself more than entertained by Year Walk's simple, yet breathtaking visuals and the chilly ambiance punctured with a few spooks. The developers' use of silence and the occassional modestly delightful song are notable, as well as the addition of an encyclopedia detailing the creatures you will encounter during your walk. The encyclopedia entries are short for the amount of information given and really add to the meat of the game--definitely worth the read! I found the puzzles to be only moderately confusing, nothing overwhelming. Have a pen and paper handy! I would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for some light gaming fare to unwind."
,Recommended,269050,10905644,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,PokerShayne,Awesome :)
,Recommended,269050,10919987,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Esper,"This was an amazing game. There isn't a whole lot to it. Once you play through it once there is a bit of extra content and little reason to play through again unless you want the achievements. But it is still a fantastic game and was worth every cent I spent on it. It was an experience. The game was genuinely scary both in the few jump scares and the encyclopedia and journal in the game. Also when you are done look at the credits. You will miss out on a large part of the experience if you don't watch see the end of the credits. Don't stop playing until it says ""The End."""
76561198027055293,Recommended,269050,10921596,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NoSpine,What is insanity?... It´s something beautiful.
76561197997929614,Recommended,269050,10912259,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kazairl,"Nice little game, with a creepy athmosphere. The puzzle element is just difficult enoughnotto start tearing your hair out.Although to be properly appreciated it should be played through at least two times, it was still too short to be fully worth the €2,99 this game was during sales. Good game, but too pricey for what it is."
76561198074685853,Recommended,269050,11366166,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,teh_creeperer,"Intriguing and creepy.  Interesting visuals and memorable soundtrack.  Some difficult puzzles, but then again, I don't play many puzzle games so take what I say with a grain of salt.Recommended!  Glad to have played it!"
,Recommended,269050,11339175,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,JoeFabooch,"Great game. Highly recommended. A great adventure, puzzle, horror game."
,Recommended,269050,11326642,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Retog,Very unique game. First person slide scroller. It's a work of art and very Lynchian in style.
,Recommended,269050,11327305,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,thainen,"A very short game, very tightly packed with eery. Not exactly a horror, it leaves you rather sad than terrified. A walk through a forest, a journey through the brutal world of pagan mythology — not the one with epic gods' battles, but grassroots mythology with those things lurking in forests, wisps over marshes dead babies left in the woods. Some puzzles are easy, but some would require you to think outside the box. Overall, a creepy experience to remember."
,Recommended,269050,11377858,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ari,"When I first watched a trailer for Year Walk, I instantly fell in love with the music and art style.Then I found that old folklore was thrown into the mix, and was instantly sold.I didn't know whether or not the game would come through in the end, but I hoped that it would.And it did.You're a simple man who wants to know that which many of us wish we could foretell: ""Will they always love me?""If given the chance to see into the future over this matter, myself, I would have done the same thing.The path is riddled with creatures that desire to impede you, and sating their desires requires some thinking and wandering.There was never a moment that the art direction and soundtrack did not bring everything together perfectly, and as such I was completely taken into immersion.This is definitely a horror game, and while I usually can't handle playing this genre being the scaredy cat I am, I managed to finish this. If that shows any indication as to whether or not you should pick it up if you're easily frightened, the answer is yes.It's a bit on the short side of things, but that works just fine as you need multiple playthroughs in order to reach the true ending.The story is much deeper than it originally presents itself to be, and I was left speechless at several points.Year Walk took my expectations and delivered higher than I even anticipated.I'm in a difficult time in my life right now, and can put myself inside of the protagonist's shoes perfectly. Just reverse the sexes and there you go.This game gives you a lot to contemplate about your own life and what exactly you are willing to give up for a glimpse of what is to come.I no longer yearn to see the future, as enticing as the notion seems to be.At what point do we play into fate's hands or carve our own path?That decision is yours, just like the decision to play this game.I can't help you figure out the prior, but the latter is definitely pointing towards trying it out for yourself."
,Recommended,269050,11412110,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,GeeDeeArr,"I am pretty big when it comes to anything Scandinavian and folklore related. This game captures both. It also has it's jump scare moments and is a fantastic puzzle game. For the price, you can't pass up this gem of a game. After you play the game in it's entirety, which includes playing it a second time, you will see the big picture. 10/10, fantastic purchase."
76561198055740577,Recommended,269050,11609034,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,KepTrefler,Haunting and beautiful. The best part of the story is the secret journal on the second walk but the first walk's adventure is stunning.
76561198119828904,Recommended,269050,11692960,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Arevik,"This game is visually enticing and the story easy to follow. The puzzles aren't terribly difficult but the tale that unfolds makes the quests well worth the effort. I bought this game during the Steam Sale and am very happy with the purchase. If I had bought it at full price I might be a little frustrated with how short the game is and the lack of replay ability it contains. Still an excellent game and would recommend to friends, or merely have them play on my computer whenever they visit for a nice little Swedish folktale."
76561198051873499,Recommended,269050,12167342,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,josh.jhanson,"Remarkable in so many ways.  If you like adventure games and don't mind getting slightly frustated a few times, you'll get a lot out of this game."
76561198067031151,Recommended,269050,12187485,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,StarinaBox,"Really interesting game! I wished there were more of this kind. IT's intriguing and has really lovely artworks. Though I have to admit I jumped here and there in a scene - eerie, but not blood-freezing. Really good - and walk at least twice ;)"
76561198064527406,Recommended,269050,11929881,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,TeeLight,"This game does something that very few pieces of media do well. This game manages to be simple in treatment and complex in subject matter. And do both very well at the same time. I really enjoyed my time with this short game. It has an achievement to get through the game in 20 minutes, and after a play through or two that's very very doable. The lore in the encyclopedia and the introduction of the journal in the second play through are wonderful. The puzzles are pretty nice too. I recommend not going into this one with a guide at first. The puzzles aren't anything that will make some one throw a keyboard or anything, but they are enough to make ya' scratch your head the first time you see them. This game is just so clever in how it chooses to do things. The closest thing I can think of to this game is Pan's Labyrinth. They're different as far as plot and what not, but their approach to the subject matter has the same kind of tone.If you're looking for a short game that has some meat to it this is a great one to pick up. If you're looking for something outright terrifying you might want to look elsewhere."
76561198063908107,Recommended,269050,12153045,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,MercurialMelody,"I was impressed not only with the visuals and the soundtrack, but the writing was... There aren't even words. It's a game you have to play to know what I'm talking about. A few nice jump scares but nothing that sent me out of my chair. But what people say is true: it's the atmosphere and what happens at the end that is so unsettling. I literally had chills down my spine when it was all over. Innovative puzzles/mechanics and horror elements paired with writing this good... I struggle to think of anything (mainstream at least) that compares."
,Recommended,269050,11883578,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,nooo its YETI,"First off.. AMAZING GAME!! This is now one my favorite horror point&click puzzle games.  SO, basically you are doing a Year Walk which is a spiritual journey to discover the future, either bad or good.  It shows both 3d and 2d graphics and blends them together perfectly IMO. If you are like me and get into the storyline and the mood the creators try to portray, well you are in for a treat.  I was at the edge of my seat the entire time I played.  Its horror is really cool but not the typical horror of todays hollywood movies, but that just straight up creepy horror that sends chills down your spine.  If you are looking for a game that is fun and tests you, well here it is. You can use hints that they let you click but really, only use if you are extremely stuck and have no idea what to do next.  At the end of the game it never says ""THE END"" but there is an end. So pay attention, cause unlike most games that you just get up an walk away during the credits...THIS YOU WANT TO STAY! it gives you vital info that you will need for your next playthrough and to access parts of the game that can not be accesses without that info. SO ENJOY YOUR YEAR WALK...it just might be your last..MWUAHAHAH XD"
76561198017137317,Recommended,269050,11883993,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,matt,10/10 would murder wife again
,Recommended,269050,12113147,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Matt Scarlet,"Play this game with headphones on, all the lights turned off, and whilst home alone."
,Recommended,269050,12122644,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,MasterBaite,"Play it alone.In your room.With the lights out.This is a great puzzle game, and it's garanteed to scare you at some point.I missed games that realy scare me."
76561198065222349,Recommended,269050,12104955,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,atticus999_shaw,"Beautiful thought-provoking game.. I have never felt this involved in a game in a long time. Once you've comprehended all of the mis-interpreted logic and folklore in the game, it is truely a beautiful journey in the end. But wow. It's amazing how something so quick can provide you with so much information and satisfaction. Do yourself a favor, set aside $6 of your hard-earned currancy and buy this game.. One of the greatest games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,269050,11962437,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,My Name's Jeff,"I totally recommend this game to anyone who likes puzzles and horror games, its an amazing game."
,Recommended,269050,11919224,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Pheeliks,"Dead Baby Simulator, 201410/10"
76561198044716809,Recommended,269050,11920069,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Ashfightmount,"play this game, it is the most story intensive game i have played since to the moon, highly recommended."
,Recommended,269050,12091868,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,10 Damage,A truely spectacular game. It has a good balance of creepy/wierd and beauty to it. I miss it now that I've beaten it
,Recommended,269050,11921964,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Syv,10/10 would recommend uwu
,Recommended,269050,11924307,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,kehrin,Incredibly atmospheric and engaging - it's one of those things that sticks with you and every little detail has so many layers of meaning that replaying it is irresistible. I definitely want more games like this.
76561198059761428,Recommended,269050,30711079,Posted: 24 March,all,Jayden,"This is a very beautiful and engaging game. It is very short, let's get that said right from the start, and the interface is not perfect. The puzzles are simple yet momentarely challenging, and work beautifully with the story and the overall atmosphere. And oh, the atmosphere! There is something unique in this game. The art style and the strange atmosphere draws you in and keeps you curious all the way to the end. It also has an interesting way to bring you information of mythology, which is one of my favorite topics in the world.If you want the true entire experience, read everything! And I mean, everything! The best part of this game is definitely the story. Thanks to that story this game, no matter how short it is, will stay with me for a long time to come. I doubt I'll ever forget the feeling I had when I finished this. Highly recommended!"
76561198197293230,Recommended,269050,17102363,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,laurensmetzer,"Very atmospheric, from the music to the animation and slight horror-esque jump scares.  Simple yet complex puzzles with plenty of challenges that make you want to come back for many more year walks.  Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,269050,17385969,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Neil Breen (Cereal Sauce),"Spooky atmospher and interesting plot to keep you hooked, I really enjoy playing this game! I would recomend it to anyone who is like me, likes a good puzzle/adventure game, enjoy a spooky game, cheap game and very worth it."
76561198172050486,Recommended,269050,17373347,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,deadly poisson,"Biggest disappointment is that the game is so short (I finished it in 88 minutes).Just the right amount of creepiness.Feels like playing through a(n eerie) fairy tale.Didn't unlock any achievements on the first play-through.Not sure that there is much replay value here.Good game if you're looking for something short.* * EDIT -- reviews are saying the ""ending"" is deceptive.guess I'll have to go for a replay at some point."
76561198117871443,Recommended,269050,17376600,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,---,-Good Story-Great Soundtracks-Great Jump Scares!!
,Recommended,269050,10989486,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Lolitrap,"One of the creepiest games I've played - creepy in the sense of atmosphere and storyline. I love when something stirs up my emotions, and this game did just that."
76561198024768164,Recommended,269050,18428059,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,UNYIELDING,"Aside from what everyone has already said about the art, music, and atmosphere, I find the player-character relationship most engaging. As a lone 20-something yr old disconnected from everything at college, I could relate intimately with the narrative of being lost in the woods confronting ghosts in order to discover yourself. The world was a Siren's song that pulled you joyfully further into madness. I was left confused, guilty, and angry, but redeemed after the rather sneeky addition of ARG narrative both as the character and player. However, I couldn't help but yearn for the madness to seep into me with every crunch of snow beneath my feet. It was so inviting."
,Recommended,269050,18326173,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,woh broh,"Simogo, you are responsible for toast going on the dirty carpet (IRL) due to a jumpscare. You should be ashamed of yourself."
,Recommended,269050,18363440,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Burdogg,"Fantastic game with a few spooks, a few puzzles, and will make you think some."
,Recommended,269050,18362837,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Alex3,"This game is amazing.  It's like a point and click adventure, but the puzzles are really different from anything I've seen.  The second half of the game feels like a bonus.  It's also awesome, and totally different from the first half.  It works really well.  Highly recommended."
76561198163618057,Recommended,269050,18327570,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,LucyInTheSky,This was haunting and very cute. I love the creepiness and I love how it drew you in. This is not a game you want to skip. It's worth the experience. It reminds me of nightmare on christmas honestly.  Beautiful lore.
76561198040691406,Recommended,269050,18304898,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Doc. Jellyfish,"This game is plain out amazing, i have NEVER played a game with goosebumps for two thirds of the play through. The game itself is beautiful, creepy and atmospheric to the highest degree, for the full experience it will require some reading, which i am normally not that fond of, but this just went straight down, and i LOVED it! Litterally the best 6 euro's i've ever spent!"
76561198080380947,Recommended,269050,18541837,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,shengen,This game was simply fantastic! Well worth it!
,Recommended,269050,11440272,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,takua108,Year Walkis the closest you're ever going to get to an interactiveHouse of Leaves.★★★★★
76561198250240500,Recommended,269050,18704194,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,kanaan,"Pros:-Excellent atmosphere-Able to emotionally affect you-Interesting concept-Once it grabs you, it holds you until the end (I beat it in one play-through)Cons:-Story may not seem completely cohesive, once you've hit the true, final ending-Movement is a little funny-A bit of backtrackingWorth a play. Especially for the price."
,Recommended,269050,18189670,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,rtazen,"I ended up really liking year walk.  The ending took a couple of minutes to wrap my mind around, but it was overall a pretty interesting game.  The art style was unique and well done.  The music was solid.  The story was a mind bender, but still quite good.9/10 from me....would walk again."
76561198159607282,Recommended,269050,18271186,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Cybergirl,"Almost the entire time I played this game, I kept thinking ""What the ♥♥♥♥ am I playing?""Concept is very dark, art style is olden and rustic, story is interesting, and the creatures are sure to haunt your nightmares. Overall I enjoy it, it was a very difficult puzzle game due to the lack of direct clues in game. I reccommend trying the challenges."
76561198030347461,Recommended,269050,18196627,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,p.massimo,"Great atmosphere, interesting hints of Norse folklore. Beautifully crafted in both design and sounds. Don't miss this little gem of a puzzle game"
76561198246741036,Recommended,269050,18340402,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ashmoresamantha,"Beautiful, haunting, amazing game.  Really really good!  Thanks for making this atmospheric and well researched game."
76561198096325889,Recommended,269050,18334549,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,AislynnHeart,Love the folklore in the game. <3
,Recommended,269050,11405212,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,KeenDreams,"Creepy as heck. Turn the lights off, volume up, and play this alone in a dark room on a large screen. I honestly spent more time researching Scandanavian folklore than the time I spent completing this game, which to me is a very, very good thing. This is coming from a guy who spent a good portion of his childhood sifting through every Time-Life Enchanted World Series books. For what it is, it's absolutely engaging and they managed to pull this off very nicely. I actually had no idea that this was initially a iOS game.Directly from the developers website:""At Simogo we don’t make games in a specific genre. In fact, we’re not overly concerned about whether or not they are even games! ""This is not a game; this is a gorgeous, haunting, and  wonderfully executed  storybook."
76561198138571166,Recommended,269050,11016056,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Tiffiny,"I wished this game was longer, but it was a really great game. There were a few times that I was caught off guard. I would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys puzzles and a creepy environment."
76561198088213112,Recommended,269050,11007770,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,wcc,"The navigation gave me a headache, as well as the obscure puzzles. Nevertheless a great piece of art. An awesome trip with a walkthrough at hand, an annoying wandering through the different locations without one."
,Recommended,269050,11225573,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Jaemi,"It didn't take me long at all to become addicted to the quaint charms of this game. Designed for maximum replayability, this game draws you in with its' mysterious plotline, and the depth of its' story. Each playthrough grants you a little more of the story plot until you've figured it all out. The community is awesome for lack of spoilers when it comes to this game, and all I can do is encourage each of you not to go hunting for tips and guides when playing this game! Half of the fun is figuring out what to do next! I also really enjoyed the soundtrack to this game. All around a good buy."
,Recommended,269050,11204279,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,jenxdigital,"I don't have any IOS products, so my first playing of this game is on the PC. I played it with headphones on, and the music was very atmospheric, and, IMHO, necessary for gameplay. It's a heartbreaking story, but the puzzles are great. It's not so hard that it's frustrating, because that's not the point of the game. It *is* addicting, though, especially if you're a fan of folk tales."
,Recommended,269050,11208019,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Wolfgang_Grimmer,"This game has a dark and creepy atmosphere. I finished it pretty quickly even though some puzzles confused me. It is a good game, it is not just Jumpscare screamer! non-stop."
,Recommended,269050,11190751,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Lady SxAxW,"I played this game when I first got and didn't understand how it worked. Then my best friend came and we started solving it together.  This game is pretty creepy and has a very good story. There are two ways it can end and once you understand how each ending fits into each other, you will understand. This game is very short, but it is worth playing."
,Recommended,269050,11142818,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Not Gay™,"I loved this game so much, the atmosphere, art style, and music are all beautiful. It also manages to scare me even when the game is bright and colorful. This is an incredible game that I would recomment to anyone"
,Recommended,269050,11148289,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,J-Bear,"Such an amazing game, with sinister atmosphere, bordering on terrifying. I bought it on a hunch and I have no regrets. The world of Swedish folklore sucks you right in and lets you out richer in new, slightly unsettling knowledge... Very interesting indeed. I recommend using headphones for this game, not only because of the better scare some sound effects will give you, but also because some puzzles are based on sound, following voices, etc. Overall, I think Year Walk combines certain elements which make it so alluring, maybe not to everyone, but definitely to me - it has puzzles, mystery, mythology, a little bit of horror, great soundtrack, amazing, haunting graphics - I could just go on and on. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,269050,11160190,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,nomvd,"11/10. Very intricate and intruiging story and plot. Beautiful artwork and illustrations.The game is very short but exeedingly fulfilling. I enjoyed this game from beginning to end. It will test your memory, cleverness, and problem solving skills. I cant stress how good of a game this is. Well worth the money and time."
76561198108306541,Recommended,269050,11421599,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Deputy Dab,i want to adopt peganism now 10/10
76561197983682353,Recommended,269050,11079864,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,einsquared,"Brought the game for a dollar, did not disappoint. I missed a puzzle that required solving but I didn't need to solve it to beat the game. Now I have to go back and beat that puzzle and beat the game again for a specific reason. (SPOILERS?!) I really enjoyed it, it was different from most horror games I've played in the last few years.Pros+ Swedish fairytale/story+ First Person 2D walkthrough+ Interesting visual elements+ Creepy and scary at times+ Puzzling riddles, makes me wonder and you have to be attentive to detail+ You may have to replay the game because there's two different endings+ Music is hauntingly beautiful+ It has HINTS for people who get stuck+ It has a MAP for people who get lostCons- Really short- Annoying puzzle that I have to listen to vocals and tones to understand the puzzle- Shock Scares- Ambigious ending"
,Recommended,269050,10957453,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dobey,"Amazing horror indie game. Definitely worth the few pounds it's up for at the moment, definitely buy it."
76561198065346736,Recommended,269050,10960035,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Terretsforever,"Man. This game is really disconcerting, you imagine grim brother fairy tales being ♥♥♥♥ed up? Nope, they look like Mother Goose nursery rhymes in comparisson to this game. Creepy as ♥♥♥♥ as you wonder in the forest not sure of what you'll find. You don't really know what is supposed to be there & what isn't, the game makes my skin crawl but I'm so compelled to finish it. I am about an hour in of this game & I'd definitely recommend this to people who enjoy an atmospheric game, or point & click puzzle games. This game feels like a horror game but isn't. I'm not sure if I can edit this post after I've finished but if I can I'll definitely give my overall. For right now I'd 100% recommend this game."
76561198125244830,Recommended,269050,11041241,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Pouf333,"Very cool & scary, was afraid to enter areas because of the scares. The game is very short, took me two hours to complete. If you see it on sale its worth picking up"
,Recommended,269050,11042376,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TopHatTimes,Everone should play this game.
,Recommended,269050,11110192,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,xShadowsaur,"A short, stylized and fun point and click puzzle game with attempts at horror. It's fun, despite the fact it can be knocked away in less than 20 minutes. And it has a 2nd ending for the daring!for a full review:http://xshadowsaurgaming.wordpress.com/2014/07/06/review-year-walk/"
,Recommended,269050,10843044,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,DREAMGIRLFRIEND,"Atmosphere, sound, and art all collide to make a deeply engaging yet fairly short adventure. A few jump scares make it ***horror*** themed, but over all its not that frightening.ARTGAEM"
76561198001572388,Recommended,269050,11493624,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Moist Money,"This game is a perfect combination of drama and thrill. It's puzzles are nice and cryptic and the art is amazing. Soundtrack makes you feel like that you are indeed walking the year walk. You realise the effort people have put in this game more as you proceed. If you like Scandinavian folk tales and moody puzzle games with a beaut artwork, I suggest you to buy this game without a doubt."
,Recommended,269050,9686443,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Eerie,"This game was so good I was actually shivering from the scare jumps I was getting or waiting for! It was a very interesting story , men who walk in forest to know the future on new years eve,wow who would of thought about that!? Well this game got me going for another 4 hours,trying to figure out all the puzzles,the journal...and the mystery box. I usually hate reading in videogames because I find a waste of time when you can be just PLAYING,but this game had such a great story that reading became enjoyable,the more you knew the more you wanted to find out about these small stories with the brook horse and the rest of them ;3 I give it a 100/100 ,it is worth the money I payed for and I will be playing it another time too, I love this game. There should be more games like this,thank you for the great game! ;D"
76561198106688416,Recommended,269050,9687587,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,BatmanCountry,"Amazing story, Beautiful art, Fantastic music, and a generally creepy world. I loved this game! If you are even slightly interested in horror or great story, this game is for you."
76561198031037503,Recommended,269050,9691071,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,shattered,This is a wonderful little adventure game with an interesting plot.
76561198130000278,Recommended,269050,9760120,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Vienna Rose✿,I love the art and story line. I have always love Norse mythology and love it's incorperation into the story line.
,Recommended,269050,9898531,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,brunorbl,"I thought the game was good. The map navigation was unusual, but after a few minutes it proved easy to navigate. I was a little miffed at a puzzle that took liberties with the fourth wall, but I don't think that was a truely bad thing. It genuinely scared me once or twice, and the implied story was well implied.As I said, I thought the game was good, then I found the bonus material. Wow. Good work those people."
,Recommended,269050,9934029,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,D2Kvirus,"I was looking forward to Year Walk coming to Steam, and now that it's here I can say it was well worth the wait.  The atmosphere is like so many of the classic horror games, slightly odd at the beginning before becoming unnerving and by the end there is a feel of sheer terror at what might be next, with some well-orchestrated scares in the game.  The atmosphere is aided by some great art and sound design as well as some superb music (which is top of the list for my next download splurge) and the story itself is intriguing, as you wonder where it will go next - and, on a second playthrough, you find out even more.Most of all, Year Walk is a game that stays with you once you play it, burrowing into your mind and finding a comfortable nest for itself, reminding you of your encounters with the Huldra and the Mylings when you least expect it."
,Recommended,269050,9910497,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Z?,"Very entertaining with a great plot and twist. It's a short game but worth it. Set aside about 2 hours, grab a glass of wine, and enjoy it all the way through in one go."
76561198063804049,Recommended,269050,9888119,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Screamerclauz,Great game worth 6 bucks had me playing till i beat it
76561198118671199,Recommended,269050,10979035,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,cadaverqueen,"Simple game play yet still a great story line. Puzzles were unique and difficult, but still enjoyable. Wished it was longer!"
76561198053963013,Recommended,269050,11060019,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,pretty_red_tulip,"cute game i loved it! it even made me jump a couple times lol.  I was, unfortunately, disappointed by how short the storyline was (2 1/2 hrs.) for me."
,Recommended,269050,10929171,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Henry Plainview,"It's very short, so buy it on sale, but I will not soon forget this game. There are still dark things lurking the corners of the world that man was not meant to see or know."
,Recommended,269050,10961275,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Blitzkrieg-AA-,"Year Walk is a puzzle adventure game.  The story revolves around Scandinavian horror folklore, which all seems to have the same theme, that the forest is full of dangerous mythological creatures.  However, the game isn't scary--it's just atmospheric and mildly creepy at times. The game art is beautiful and helps create the game's creepy vibe without being scary.The game was definately fun and I loved the folklore stories.My biggest complaint is that the game is short.  It took me a little less than two hours to beat it.  That's probably why Steam's retail price is currently $5.99.  At that price it's a great buy."
,Recommended,269050,10626097,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Pahiro,Awesome game. I've always been a fan of folklore and mythology and this one brings it up close and personal. Interesting puzzles and no need to google if you get stuck as they have clear hints available. Love that in a game.The story moved quickly (which I loved) but it was over so fast. Though I think that's what makes it such a wonderfully complete and fullfilling experience. No druggery or struggling and just a little bit of using your brain. I loved every second of this game and it was exceptionally well done.
,Recommended,269050,10814395,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Saltire,"Utterly enchanting game, lovely story and interesting puzzles. With some point and click puzzle games moving back and forth in the world can be tedious, but the size and design of this world is ideal.I downloaded this on my laptop and played offline while on a holiday without wi-fi (the horror!) and it was perfectly entertaining for a couple of evenings.I did take too long to finish it, apparently 1-2hrs should be sufficient, but I took my time and enjoyed the atmosphere.Unfortunately an issue with Steam offline and my Mac means the game hasn't registered as the 3-4hrs I played this, so you'll have to take my word for it that I have completed this game, and it is worth your time."
76561198065530746,Recommended,269050,10817566,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Snorty Saiga,"Year Walk is an astonishingly amazing game. The unique art style and eerie background music brings out that feeling of being lost and solitary in the middle of woods. The concept is brilliant, stitching traditional Swedish folklores into one tragic story. The story itself is deep and has an unexpected plot twist in the end. The musics are just wonderful, each brings up the right emotion to the listener in the right moment. Especially the song in the credits, Oh the Joy, gives that sorrow feeling after the seeing the concluded ending. Another interesting thing to take note is the journal, which can only be unlocked after playing the game. It's one creative feature that was made to look like it happened in the real modern life. The only thing bothers me is that this game is short, and can be completed in an average 2 hours. I hope they will make a sequel or update the game, adding more folklores and storylines."
,Recommended,269050,10819029,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DataSherSpock,"It was fantastic, everything about it was what I imagined. It was creepy, with a melodic/folklore feel. The puzzles were perfectly creative, as well as the art style. I might actually look into some of the folklore now. The only thing was that I thought I would not move through the game story as quickly as I did, and yet, I have no idea what else they could have added."
76561198085098592,Recommended,269050,10762299,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Selene,The art style and music in the game are beautiful. There is a surprising amount of detail and research which went into the folklore aspect that makes the game that much more encompasing. I highly recommend playing Year Walk.
,Recommended,269050,10764683,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,silvering,"First game I bought here, yes I agree 5.99 is expensive, but for me horror+puzzle and this beautiful art definitely convinced me. Too short for the price, probably. But really, for me, this time the duration couldn't matter less when the experience was amazing. I simply loved it. The way you move around is different and original for me. The theme, the story, the little jump-scares, It's a compact version of what I would like to see in a long game. even if it might sound like I'm exaggerating, I have to say that this is my favorite game."
,Recommended,269050,10778984,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,deadpixiez21,"Amazing game, good story line. If you like a little bit of horror and puzzle solving get this game. For the price you cannot beat it. Just remember to FINISH the game...even if you think you are done. You arent."
76561198028583875,Recommended,269050,10824156,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,He Did Nothing Wrong,"Right off the bat the only downside to this game is how short it is.  After playing and falling in love with this little gem the only thing it leaves you with is a desire for more.  The music is wonderful and perfectly blends with the visuals to provide for a unique and compelling atmosphere.  The story is fantastic and revolves around folklore that I for one was quite unfamiliar with.  All in all, this game is an absolute steal when it is on sale and should not be passed up."
,Recommended,269050,10780089,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kappa,"Year Walk introduces you to a whole new world of horrifying supernatural phenomena.Drawing upon the events of the Swedish tradition of the same name, the protagonist (you) seek to learn the future -- and what better way to do so than to lock yourself in your cottage without food, fire or speaking to anyone for the day to later venture out into the woods at midnight to hallucinate from a combination of starvation and hypothermia?If somewhat simplistic, the game is steeped in Swedish culture and macabre in design and plot.There are new creatures to add to your nightmares and several absolutely terrfying moments, rendering the horror tag well deserved. This horror component adds to the overall atmosphere of the game, the main purpose focus being a series of puzzles that you must unlock with your keen senses.The early stages of the game are frustratingly vague however, the first few moments are spent wandering around uselessly until you realise there is both a map and a hint section. Once you get the hang of it however, Year Walk sucks you in, driving you deeper and deeper into delirium.While a little short, there is an option to play again and unlock the secrets that bested you the first (or second) time around.For me it crashed out a few times in the early stages, refusing to load the first time so I was allowed to stare at an empty screen for five minutes, but I won't hold that against it. Year Walk saves automatically which is a definite plus when playing on temperamental computers.Definitely worth the price. 10/10 would walk again."
,Recommended,269050,12859575,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,rendizzle,"Amazing  ending, spectacular game."
,Recommended,269050,15228215,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Glanni Gaypur (´・ω・`),"Year walk is a relatively short game (It takes an hour at most I'll say, and theres even an achievement for beating it in under 20 minutes) but it's perfect for what it is.It focuses on Sweedish folklore (as you can guess from the description) and is a treat for anyone who enjoys urban legends of any kind. Not to mention it's absolutely breathtaking to look at.Would I describe it as a horror game? Short answer: Yes. Long answer? Well, it isn't exactly a traditional 'horror' game. The atmosphere is perfect but not exactly what I would call....scary? Its a little unnerving at times, and it does have about 2 jumpscares (but like most jumpscares if you play the game more than once you won't find them spooky again)The games story is (relatively) easy to follow, but the puzzles are brilliantly challenging. More often than not you should expect to find yourself checking the hints.Between the beautiful graphics, simple and nice story, and secret true ending I'm sure it's worth the money to get even at it's full price of 6 dollars. I whole heartedly reccommend this game to anyone. (And if you like an added challenge try and get all the achievements- some of them are even more cryptic than the puzzles in the game)"
76561198131170725,Recommended,269050,15272918,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Ashbees,This game is incredibly fascinating. I have a huge interest in folklore and this game was really enjoyable to play!
76561198138648087,Recommended,269050,15262738,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Yarunika,"Year Walk has a compelling story behind it, stretching beyond the main gameplay. Its very beautiful, as well as mysterious. The art style is absolutely gorgeous, and the soundtrack is certainly something to behold.One feature I REALLY like about this game is the autosave feature. As soon as you close, it saves and the next time you open it, it loads in the exact place you left off. No having to redo parts, very handy if you're like me and can only snatch a half hour of game time during the day!"
,Recommended,269050,15304017,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Apple Hat,Some scary ♥♥♥♥♥ lured me into a tree stump and screamed at me.
,Recommended,269050,13279057,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,axsiz,"The game has a very interesting and interactive story and although the gameplay style may seem akward at first, you get used to it quickly."
,Recommended,269050,11208031,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Chad Flannel,"A challenging, yet beautiful puzzle game, Year Walk is an adventure based on Årsgång, an old Swedish tradition. You may find it difficult at times but do not give up, the story is very rewarding.Don't forget to play on New Year's for an achievement!"
76561198146175227,Recommended,269050,13246239,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Beep,"I got this game without realizing it was a horror game so I was extremely caught off guard during the first jump scare, but it's still a pretty great game. The art is very pretty, and the folklore is very interesting."
76561198040954704,Recommended,269050,13490302,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BenDefined,"Unique, awesome game. Make sure you get to The End."
76561198081960647,Recommended,269050,14198312,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Heks,"This is quite honestly the best gaming experience I've ever had. It's a building, delicate sense of horror that sticks in the back of your mind and leaves you wanting more. I want everyone I know to play this game just so we can be thuroughly creeped out together. Even if this isn't really your thing, it's well, well worth it for the price."
76561198034889051,Recommended,269050,14122598,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,phillipk11,Very different and also intriguing.  Does not take too long to complete and things don't go as expected.
,Recommended,269050,14354320,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Shape1ess,I loved year walk. And not only because I'm into Scandinavian culture.At least I think so.
,Recommended,269050,14094653,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,shelbusmaximus,"My first playthrough of Year Walk took two nights, simply because I was so overwrought after the first half that I needed a break. I was initially a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ albeit unsurprised at the ending, but I couldn't get it out of my head. I play a lot of horror games but this one really got to me.LET IT BE NOTED : Yeah, it's a horror game but don't expect tons of gore or anything. A few jumpscares, a little blood, and that's it. Mostly it's the symbolic weight of all those things that got to me personally, ESPECIALLY after reading the encyclopedia and journal in-depth. It's very heavy. When I finally got the true ending (admittedly on my third attempt with a smigen of cheating) it became even heavier, but more satisfying and beautiful.This game is for those who have the ability to immerse themselves in a mythical tale of adventure, observation, sacrifice, and love. Everyone says this game is ""meant to be played twice,"" which is entirely true but I know there's even more. I fully intend to uncover all that I can."
76561198081305810,Recommended,269050,14380243,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Skenneton,10/10
76561198024441678,Recommended,269050,14802791,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,weashleym,"Wonderful game.  Others have covered it pretty well.  It's very short, but the puzzles strike a nice difficulty balance: not too obscure, not too obvious.  The story is fantastic, and it's definitely worth a second playthrough.There's some dissagreement about whether this is a horror game or not.  It is not a traditional horror game.  I would say it has some horror elements (well implemented at that).  I like horror and adventure games, so this was a perfect fit for my tastes. It does have a very dark story as well.  I do not know whether to call it a horror game or not. I don't have that kind of authority.Would feed dead babies to a river horse again9/10"
76561198181422335,Recommended,269050,14713483,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Drizzt1138,"This is one of the most imaginative games I have ever played. As others will tell you, it's short, but you literally have to play it twice if you want the whole story. I'm no good at puzzle games, but very rarely was I frusterated with this one; instead, I just wanted to keep playing and figure it out. The story is very poignant and emotionally striking. As for the horror aspect, I've been constantly looking over my shoulder to make sure the Huldra isn't there. My only complaint: NEED MOAR! A sequel would be great..."
76561198102935583,Recommended,269050,14702296,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,kaitlynmixlove,I absolutely loved this game! The atmosphere was incredible! The puzzles were tricky but not impossible. And I loved making my friends play it and being able to re-watch it over again. It just pulls you in and keeps you wanting more the whole time! Tenoutaten
,Recommended,269050,14798588,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Astra Solari,"This game is a real treat for anyone who enjoys dark, atmospheric games. It was a short but unique, haunting and thought provoking experience. Beautiful art style and sound. The folklore is very interesting as well."
76561198205550896,Recommended,269050,14831958,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,catenthuzi,"This game is a masterpiece. I cannot describe this game other than it is one of the best games I have ever played, it gave me chills."
,Recommended,269050,14898389,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,JL,Love the Swedish folklore and atmosphere! Wished the game was longer!
76561198092114398,Recommended,269050,13619411,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,sarah.jkr,"Immersive, engaging, beautiful. This is not a very long game, but what it lacks in length, it makes up for in story and atmosphere. If you enjoy story driven experiences, PLEASE give this game a try. Although you can't ""die,"" I felt a real sense of foreboding throughout. The art style is simple but genius, ranging from beautiful to downright terrifying. The game mostly consists of clue collecting and puzzle solving, which reveals the story of our hero's ""Year Walk"" and the folklore behind it."
76561198124357827,Recommended,269050,19590211,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Gengar,"Amazing Game, great portrayal of Swedish folktale, and super atmospheric and eerie. Overall just a really beautiful game"
76561198052317859,Recommended,269050,19844395,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,F.m.l,"Entertaining game. Puzzle and some disturbing horror while staying true to (old) swedish folklore. Great atmosphere, love the art and music. Is best enjoyed with a pair of good headphones and a dark room.It's about 1 hour at max to play through. Limited replayability.Would recommendDefinitely worth 6 euros."
76561198133093384,Recommended,269050,19076800,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,The flame goat,"me at first... ""Awwwwww,this game is cute, how scary?"" me now ""AHHHHHHHHH THIS IS HORRIFING!!!!!!"""
76561198125442408,Recommended,269050,19778219,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Warkomitz,"Wonderful game, though the puzzles stretch the obvious play rules, I had to consult with hints and forums during my first walk. Can't wait to play it on New Year."
76561197993373135,Recommended,269050,10565201,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Abosaleh,"a game that is unique, creepy as hell and creative <3"
,Recommended,269050,10547565,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,dkid_luke,"ultimate creepfest. i loved it. a very simple game really, puzzles weren't obscure, controls weren't hard and a story that just surprises you. probably if I had something bad to say about this game was the unreplayability of it, once you find all the secrets, not play the game for a while then come back, it's not as fun as playing it the first time. Though, still great, with very good ambience and art, this game will definitely be a keeper"
,Recommended,269050,10547992,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Maenethal,"This is truly a unique experience. It captures the folly of man and the horrible thing he does to try and give himself comfort. It captures the evil lurking within us all, and the secrets of life, and lays them down in woven layers to be slowly unravelled, but along with it, your life. This captures the dark nature of pagan rituals and the dire consequences of trifling with spirits.The game provides several hours of play, and is deeply captivating for it's subliminal use of imagery to remind the Year Walker what is really happening. All this imagery is deeply rooted in folklore, philosophy, and ancient religions. The soundscape is eerie, and grows more haunting as the Year Walk progresses. The world itself takes on a sinister appearance, and all the while you get the feeling of hostility. A feeling that these spirits do not approve, and they do not want to to be there.My words can not do the game justice, however. This game is truly unique, and definately worth the money if you like deep storylines that need no narrative."
,Recommended,269050,10552851,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nayru Liebheart  ✘˵╹◡╹˶✘,Almost pee myself 11/10.This game is amazing and scary. The art is beautiful and the puzzles are funny and scary at the same time.You should buy this game.
,Recommended,269050,10555378,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Puhdonkeydonk,"Beat my first walk, still doing more, but this game is amazing. A hint of horror but just a little to where it doesn't overwhelm the sensation of discovering things in the game. All in all, I give it a 11/5."
76561198100573569,Recommended,269050,10594902,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MudBoy,2 spooks 4 me 10/10
,Recommended,269050,10595424,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cow,I want to know what fever dream spawned this game to give it my thanks. Well worth any amount of money
,Recommended,269050,10650408,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sergeant179,3 dollars for a very intersting story is worth it but the puzzels are tricky.
,Recommended,269050,10442365,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,CHIEVE JOBS 汽 波 煙 食,"This game is almost flawless. A near perfect blend of story, exploration and pretty clever puzzles along with a few really good scares makes this one of my all time favorites. Its short length is maybe the only negative thing I can think of and it's not actually all that negative since the game is so intense.At such a low price, it's a steal. A no brainer if you like horror, art/stylized visuals or if you're just a sucker for atmosphere. The music is great too! Buy it, buy it now!"
,Recommended,269050,10673900,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Awkward Nostalgia,"It is a really short but very interesting game. Based around Norse mythos and Swedish legend, Year Walk has the player go through a series of puzzling tasks to achieve the beyond and catch a glimps into the future. It is not a scary horror game but does have a few jump scares. The art work and music are also very good."
,Recommended,269050,10677158,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kwenami,"This game is short, but sweet. The art and music are phenominal.I think the main thing that helped me solve puzzles was realizing the game was made for a touchscreen-mouse clicks and whatnot suddenly make WAY more sense. You want to focus on music, and reaize that although the PC version holds up well...problem solving is way easier once you know it was made for a touchscreen.I did wish it was longer. I struggle to complete games normally and found this short."
76561198085915849,Recommended,269050,14672669,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Gasoline,"Since I haven't finished this game and apparently have no plan on it,either,I just say this straight:an outstanding story,really,but a HORROR game,too!!It scared me,twice!!At first I thought it was another fairy-tale-style game,just like Child of light.But after 40 minutes' playing,I realized that it is exactly a fairy tale,but not for children or me,at least!No,I'm not a timid guy,but I didn't expect something horrible suddenly jump out in front of me in a fairy tale!It's not a complex game.little dialogue,no mission oders or other instractions,even no voice actings.And these exactly make it obscure.Need to try hard to search,to discover,to understand.When you are confused about it and can't figure out anything,it means nothing to you.But when you finally make it,you'll know an impressive story.8.5/10.A good story,obviously.But no,I'm not gonna play it again."
76561198156052144,Recommended,269050,14602486,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Anthony.,"This is a really extraordinary gaming experience. The puzzles are challenging, but they make sense, for the most part. That's how it should be. The art style is really pretty. I really appreciate this game’s attention to detail. The story, though a little confusing if you choose to dive into it, is fascinating. I love how everything is tied together. This game gave me goosebumps on multiple occasions. Even with the map, navigation is a little confusing. And I don’t like the Steam achievements, but that has nothing to do with the actual game.Overall, this game is very unique, creepy, eerie, weird, dark, and somewhat terrifying, but in some ways… it’s beautiful. It’s a hard game to describe. It’s just… really... *shivers*... just play it."
,Recommended,269050,14603084,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Atvalevsky,Best game ever. Really.
,Recommended,269050,14608104,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,MadMechem,"this game is really interesting, and the artwork is amazing. 10/10 would (and did) play again."
,Recommended,269050,13966698,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Llobster,"Year Walk is a haunting, creepy, beautiful experience and I loved every minute of it.  The art is superb.  The music and sound design is flawless.  The puzzles are a joy to piece together.  The ambience gets progressively more chilling as the game goes on.  There are secrets that you must discover after your first playthrough, and I say MUST because you would be doing yourself a great disservice by failing to follow through and finding the  ""real"" ending that can only be found using clues given to you after you ""beat"" the game the first time.  There is actually a reason for more than one playthrough explained in the meta-narrative you'll discover if you do.Do yourself a favor and play this game and find all of the secrets embedded within.  The secrets aren't extras, but vital for you to get the full impact of this very unique story.  Beat the game, open the journal, and then use the clues there to finish the game.  Don't cheat and look stuff up, you will cheat yourself out of one of the most unique narrative structure and reveals of any game I've ever played.Wonderful job by the developer. Absolutely fantastic.(p.s. -- I would also reccomend reading the in-game encylopedia as you start the game the first time.  It gives a lot of background for the Swedish folklore that this game uses that will help establish the atmosphere.)"
,Recommended,269050,13974146,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,pure and devout crusader,"i am ashamed to say that this game is 2spooky for me. scurry atmosphere/10, worth the $2 or so I got it for on sale. Not sure if I'd pay full price though."
,Recommended,269050,13482647,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Strange One,"A beautiful and haunting puzzle game with a unique approach. The folklore is engaging, the presentation is somber and minimalist while managing a serious approach to dark fantasy, and the puzzles are difficult but accessible. The built in hint system didn't hold my hand, but it allowed me to consult it when I was stuck. It's not a long game by any means (took me about 2 hours, including the secondary objective) but it was well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,269050,15015231,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Djabardo,"Such a strange game, yet so compelling...Gorgeous presentation, capable of creating a heavy atmosphere with very few scares, with the help of a pretty decent soundtrack and puzzles are well designed.Although, by the end, you may be left wondering ""wtf just happened"" and the experience is quite short.Still, for me, it was quite remarkable... I could play this for hours in a row, and i probably will.Definitely recommended"
,Recommended,269050,15056386,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MoodCandy,"Creepy, slightly confusing, and can make you question reality."
,Recommended,269050,14092876,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ThinDjinn,Hauntingly beautiful.An enigma waiting to be carefully unwrapped through exploration and puzzle-solving.10/10 would year walk again.
,Recommended,269050,13297934,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,PhDashing,"Great expererience and cheap, this game is a solid buy.The puzzles never get too hard, as there are in-game hints to help you out (I never had to search online for the answers).Mythology buffs will get a breath of fresh air out of this one, as  the Swedish beings encountered are not alluded to in usual video game fare.Was it scary? Perhaps if you have the right disposition, but I just found it pleasantly spooky."
,Recommended,269050,13439074,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Indict5,I loved this game. I was on the edge of my seat the whole time because of the creepy and unnerving atmosphere.
,Recommended,269050,13418037,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,micycle057,A short and sweet horror puzzle experience with a setting and feel all its own.
76561198048977696,Recommended,269050,28030681,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Viktorlsd,Best game ever.
,Recommended,269050,25081806,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Zeig,"Seriously one of the best and most immersive games I've ever played. The puzzles are fun yet difficult, the music is errie and subtle and the most important part to me was the way that the amount of real life folk lore that was poured into the game to craft such an interesting yet simple story. Would definetely reccomend this to anyone who enjoys immersive experiances as well as puzzle games."
,Recommended,269050,14181009,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,M. Doucet,"The price is right for Year Walk, which if by nothing else is justified in its unnerving lore, quality sound effects, and unconventional gameplay experience. I'm not usually one to recommend a casual game that requires pen & paper to complete, and some of the puzzles, while inventive, distracted from my enjoyment. Some of the game's achievements also border on gratuitous, again possibly taking away from your experience depending on why you're playing a game like this.On the positive side, Year Walk was surprisingly memorable for such a quick game (there's an achievement to complete it in under 20 minutes which is barely difficult) and has a minimalist world that the player will want to explore. There are so many things that tie in to subsequent playthroughs, assuming you are dedicated enough to find Year Walk's many secrets.7/10."
76561198194083290,Recommended,269050,24945674,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,tisne,"Awesome game, it was a trip and a half to get through it all! Gameplay reminds me a lot of Myst, always pushing me to think outside of the box. Gorgeous art style, spooky atmosphere, and a really interesting hidden plotline - it really is a great game.The Huldra's section was really difficult for me since I'm partially tone deaf, so it'd be nice if there was a way to do that puzzle visually without having to use the hints, for players who have hearing problems. But with that in mind, I'd give it a 9/10, really great game!"
,Recommended,269050,26448505,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,sleepingcrows,Great game and great price
,Recommended,269050,25472069,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,nickel your sticks,"I love love love Scandinavian folklore, and I'd only vaguely heard of year-walking until I played the game. The amount of detail put into it was thrilling and everything-- the music, the visuals, the details-- brought it together really well. I would definitely recommend this to lovers of creepy point-and-click games. Just remember to write stuff down!!"
76561198035421590,Recommended,269050,25823698,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,x.inanis,"Haunting, beautiful and thoroughly enjoyable. A game with amazing attention to detail, lovely graphics, a well delivered story (subtle in parts, raw in others) and wonderful music. The game evoked the atmostphere of being in the woods in winter beautifully and the game play ran smoothly for me. I enjoyed its immersive quality and would recommend this highly. Thank you for this wonderful experience."
,Recommended,269050,26342036,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,MokiNS,"Marvelous game.. just... increadiable, expecially for Halloween"
76561198059090368,Recommended,269050,25933805,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ShaeraHaek,"Wonderful music, wonderful lore, nice and chilling at times! Definitely recommed!"
76561198017128766,Not Recommended,269050,24750115,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ZombieSandwich,"It was interesting but very short. I wish I had played on a tablet, as some of the puzzles are designed for swiping and it's hard to emulate with a mouse. I'd only recommend if it's on sale."
76561198151696408,Recommended,269050,24405532,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Lizzy,"I love this game. I'm a huge fan of mythology and other such stuff like this so it was right up my ally. This creepiness, for me, did not come from any of the characters, but from the ambiance of the forest. It's such a beautifully creepy place that you can't help but get sucked into it. 10/10 Would Year Walk again"
,Recommended,269050,24417695,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cadan,"Describing this game as ""atmospheric"" is an understatement.  I love the attention to detail - the soft crunch of snow with each step you take and the complete isolation of the wintery woods.  The blending of mythos and mystery is carefully considered.  It's a shorter game, but I didn't find it lacking or feel like the price was unreasonable.  It's as much of an artful experience as it is a game."
76561198165900093,Recommended,269050,24719046,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,pia,what the ♥♥♥♥...10/10
76561198252906773,Recommended,269050,23972090,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ynnf,"Lovely little horror game with unique visual, smart puzzles, and a touch of Norse mythology."
,Recommended,269050,25563345,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Gyrating green gelatinous fox,"This was a very quick little game I came across a bit over a year ago and beat it in one or two nights. I really enjoyed it for how short it was. The game was visually pleasing with a very interesting play style cleverly implemented to accommodate the artwork. It also built this incredible tension I was not expecting. Creepy audio, some disturbing imagery, and an uncertainty of what you would run into next. All this tied together with a simple but classic styled story made it memorable. The last song to play during the end-credits was awesome too; I still have in saved to my Spotify!"
76561198009613545,Recommended,269050,30881526,Posted: 1 April,all,Daughter Isotope,Very interesting and atmospheric crepy game.
,Recommended,269050,26166112,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Ten,Excellent
76561198136349334,Recommended,269050,25874599,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Махмуд Гроза Енотов,"Great game,it was short,but entartaining.P.s Mill girl dies10/10"
76561198044914404,Recommended,269050,25862931,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,cerpintaxman,"For the longest time I put off buying Year Walk since the price tag versus the average amount of hours reviewers played tended to scare me away.  I usually like investing in things I know I'll get a good amount of time out of, and I felt that I could just as easily wait for a sale to get something that I'd spend more time on for around the same price. I know this is incredibly moronic tact to take with games, but I've been burned more often than not on shorter ""experiences"" to come to have that reservation.Having bought and completed Year Walk, I can honestly say I wish I pulled the trigger on the game sooner.The folklore the game is based on is interesting and a bit unsettling, leading to simple, yet effective scares that managed to stick with me.  Wrapped around this is a pretty well done story, that even with accidentally getting spoiled on some of the details, I came away impressed with.  While I wouldn't say the puzzles are anything too special, combined with an atmospheric soundtrack and the game's 2.5D first person presentation, they were enough to get me to want to to keep going.Admittedly, Year Walk might not be everyone's cup of tea. Regardless, if you're looking for something different, I highly recommend taking a chance on it."
,Recommended,269050,25987751,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,minimochi,"Very interesting, lovely art-work and music, however you may require a walkthrough for those who are not keen at solving things."
,Recommended,269050,13737368,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Niiyatsu,Really awesome and sometimes even creepy. :3
76561198072052495,Recommended,269050,13740797,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Agent Raccoon,"It's by far the best game I've ever played! The atmosphere is fantastic and the story is fun, creepy and thrilling. Everyone should play this game!!"
,Recommended,269050,15456757,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,zerepzerreitug,"I think that anyone who wants to play Year Walk should know some thing beforehand:-It's short, but it's worth every minute.-It's spooky and features many jump-scares. So be mentally prepared for those.-It's well researched and makes you learn a lot about Scandinavian folklore. It's perfect for anyone with interest in these kind of topics.-There's two endings, one after you've ""completed the game"", and that second one is AMAZING!-You'll read a lot. But don't worry, it's not novel-length text.-You thought you weren't afraid of horses? You were wrong!-You thought you can't feel chills in a pretty, sunny landscape? Also wrong!-You thought being a researcher for a videogame is an easy job? Nope!-You know where I am going with this. This game is amazing! It's spooky but you will not regret it one bit."
,Recommended,269050,15456894,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Leper Snuggles,A great game to play at midnight. Turn off all the lights and turn up the speakers.
,Recommended,269050,15631507,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Slaughter,This game was beautiful in every way.
,Recommended,269050,15485723,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Travis,oh my god. This game honestly just gave my brain an ♥♥♥♥♥♥. It seems short but there is just so much more to do. i highly recommend this game. It is so worth the 5 dollars. you also dont need a good pc at all to run it at max graphics so please get this game it is wonderful
,Recommended,269050,15659021,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Printer Is Out Of Paper,"In some parts it looks like someone who practiced satanism, was on LSD.{Not intended to insult nor offend the practice.}The ""jump scares"" in my mind were expected so I wasn't really scared, but yeah, if you didn't know this game didn't have jump scares, even from the trailer for this game, well it's plain and simple, you're an idiot.Very atmospheric and I enjoyed the game play experience."
,Recommended,269050,15675126,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,furyosa,"The story of the second playthrough was really engaging and emotional for me. Love the eery art, thrilling music, and overall creepy atmosphere. Tricky and creative puzzles, some had me scratching my head for a long time. Glad to see the use of Swedish mythology."
76561198024821508,Recommended,269050,15853160,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,streaks_art,Creepy in a Scandinavian kind of way.
76561198057482188,Recommended,269050,15776310,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Reverud-san,"Cosy little puzzle game made by some sweeds.The unique artstyle and soundtrack makes this game, a little gem for all horror fans."
76561198021828332,Recommended,269050,15600356,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Daniel Windeler,"The game was quite enjoyable, with a simple little tale told through great art and animation.If you are a fan of puzzles and folklore, then this is the game for you, my only issue with the game is that I wish it was longer.I thoroughly enjoyed the playthrough."
76561197970352760,Recommended,269050,15602153,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Swalez,Just stunning!
,Recommended,269050,15762780,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,No.Name.Bagu,Awesome yet scary and creepy and i pooped myself twice+awesome (yet small) story+interesting puzzles+AHH THE BABIES+creepy-i pooped twice
76561198035505128,Recommended,269050,14059809,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,twoofa,"10/10, would cry again."
76561197964454084,Recommended,269050,13935714,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,YOLO_Formaggio,"I can't help but be reminded of the HBO T.V series True Detective while playing this game. Elements from the game such as the rune stick symbols, dead babies, strange pagan rituals and folklores post strong similiarities to the theme of the said T.V series. Combined with the creepy and trippy vibe in the game, you will either ruminate or obliterate the existence of the game from the mind, writing it off as a bad trip. For me, it was an experience, which in the process allowed me to discover the bleak, grim nature of Scandinavian folklore."
76561198046998831,Recommended,269050,14537577,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,IsoAce,"This game is on the short side, but fully worth the money.  Very simplistic gameplay with preverse content that gets to you."
,Recommended,269050,14586516,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mortaire,"A game that combines both Supernatural and Mythical with Science Fiction. It is simultaneously haunting, atmospheric, and somber. The story immerses you in it in ways similar games do not and sets the standard for other games in it's class. It is a game that is definitely worth it for the feelings it evokes, how it causes you to think afterwards, and will be especially enjoyable to those that appreciate art, ambient music, and an intriguing story."
,Recommended,269050,15355054,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Deliixel,"Amazing game with great visuals, a bit short but has some great puzzels, my only problem was the couple of jumpscares."
76561198007663645,Recommended,269050,14638262,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Mr. Plibby,"This game makes you feel as though you're on some mild drug, so if you're about to intake any mind-altering substances, make sure to play this game afterwards. Ah hell yeah."
76561198006301875,Recommended,269050,16007525,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,The Watcher in The Dark,"A cool and creepy game based on weird foreign legends and monsters.  It's pretty basic looking, just a flash based indie game.  But the puzzles are pretty good, the creepy parts of pretty creepy, the concept is pretty awesome, and the ending has a surprising depth that really made it one of the best game endings ever.I got annoyingly stuck at a few parts, but that's puzzle/adventure games for you.  It's pretty short, so no more than $12 or so for this one.  But it's a solid game."
,Recommended,269050,28814499,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RisenOutcast,"Year Walk makes an old tradition into a great puzzle solving ""horror"" game. The story is actually much deeper than it first seems and there is loads of symbolism. After your first playthrough, you will get more puzzles which will then open more story for you. The story was so interesting that I actually started to wonder if it was true (but sadly it seems it isn´t). I absolutely love the music in this game and the art style. The achievements were fun and challenging to gather. There really isn't anything bad I can say about this, go buy it now. Why wouldn't you? It instantly became one of my favourite games."
,Recommended,269050,28907743,Posted: 1 January,all,Cat Alex,10/10This game is so weird and creepy but you can't look away. Just... keep walking.
,Recommended,269050,28889563,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,pehnyte,Creepy as hell.
,Recommended,269050,28851345,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Landfizzle,Visually compelling with enjoyable puzzles. If you stick with it til the end it breaks out of the (enjoyable) Swedish-culture lesson that it begins as. Side note: This reminds me very much of House of Leaves.
76561198161523402,Recommended,269050,29174758,Posted: 10 January,all,loewyn,"Loved it, original story and beautiful artwork. Some of the puzzles were pretty hard. Very creepy!"
76561198097723966,Recommended,269050,29470273,Posted: 24 January,all,Daddy,"Experience the strange, terrifying and alluring folkloric tradition of Year Walking through this short, stylized game. Follow a young mans journey through the Swedish wilderness to see his future, and maybe even change it. Solve puzzles, learn about the dark past of this land, and discover the fables which still wander these woods. Year Walk is a very short experience with little to no replayability but a beautiful soundtrack, compelling art direction and a very very unique story. Originally for the phone/tablet, this game is clearly meant to be played with a touch screen, but is still enjoyable on home computer.Pros: Without a doubt this games art is stunning and is what drew this reviewer in at first glance. As well, the music is quite enjoyable, and both music and art in tandem serve to make this game all the more creepy and mysterious. The puzzles in this game are fairly simple, but tough enough to give most pause. Nothing too difficult to be found here, probably a good game for those interested in puzzle based games but new to the style. As well, Year Walk has a very dark theme and deep story for those willing to dig a little bit. To get the full experience from this game you will need to be a gamer who enjoys the story just as much, if not more than, the gameplay. Year Walk is a point and click game, and that should tell you how much real action is to be found in this title. Luckily, Year Walk provides more than enough lore in its story to make it worth a run through or two. The addition of a lore book on the many creatures you’ll meet in this game is a wonderful addition. Gamers with a passion for folk lore will find this game a fantastic lesson in Swedish lore and a wonderful experience.Cons: As others have stated, this phone game is very short. For many this may cause pause and you may want to wait for a sale before picking this particular title up. It took this reviewer around four hours to completely 100% this title, including all achievements. As well, because Year Walk was originally a phone game it does play a little strangely with a mouse and keyboard. Finally, as a point and click puzzle game there is very little “action”. For those looking for a long lasting, difficult, action fueled experience you are going to be deeply disappointed.Overall, Year Walk falls flat in action, and length. However, it does pack a lot into the short hour long experience. The music and art unsettle as this very adult themed tale unravels before you. The lore and backstory are deeply interesting to those who like this sort of tale. The puzzles are soft but deep enough to cause pause and provide a satisfaction once completed. This game is definitely a niche title and will not be enjoyed by most. If you are someone looking for a short experience, enjoy puzzles, and like learning about lore and fantastical creatures, then Year Walk is the game for you. For what it is, I have to recommend it, but please keep in mind the short length and lack of real gameplay in this title. This is more of an experience than a game in most ways."
76561198111008694,Recommended,269050,29314090,Posted: 17 January,all,svenskerfar,"This game is a gem!Ok, so maybe I am biased when it comes to Sweden and their amazing folk lore, but aside from that this game has great mechanics and most importantly -  it tells a nice story. I don't want to spoil too much, but be prepared to find yourself feeling lost, puzzled and kinda creeped out.Great for halloween or a dark winter night!"
76561198208953631,Recommended,269050,31020551,Posted: 8 April,all,Paragon,very intresting. a game that makes you stop and think.
76561198300477854,Recommended,269050,29706253,Posted: 4 February,all,protectiveweasel,A nice little adventure gamehave a pen and paper ready
76561198111429301,Recommended,269050,30204721,Posted: 26 February,all,Aesthetic,"10/10 gameplay, graphics, story, music, and the game itselfAt first i thought this game would be just walking around and getting a simple endBut i felt it very fun to write down hints and solve the puzzles later, and since i like urban i fell in love with this game, i would highly recomend buying this game. But if you do not like puzzles that take thought then you might not like it as much as i did, because i am kind of obsessed with puzzles.First time writing a review."
,Recommended,269050,31183824,Posted: 16 April,all,Frehl,Very eerie and atmospheric-  nice little experience.
76561198023023895,Recommended,269050,30314525,Posted: 4 March,all,GaMBiT,"Really short and sweet. I love these puzzle within a puzzle that is meta, that makes you really imerese and makes you think.The puzzles are CLEVER :)"
,Recommended,269050,10985798,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,NyappyCatazz (David Blowie),"This game is not a walk. It is not anything but a linear map interpretation game with hints that go nowhere interesting. The game is not broken, it's not a horrible game, but it's not a game for me. Waste of money even on sale.***I wrote this review while feeling very critical and judgemental, for some reason this game was in my radar and it took a bashing. It's much better than I first interpreted it to be, clever twists and secrets hidden around an interesting story. I'm switching this review from negative to positive."
76561198088604687,Recommended,269050,31914530,Posted: 23 May,all,Dusty Bonez,Great story. Deep and profound. Worth every penny
76561198070736088,Recommended,269050,30616422,Posted: 19 March,all,Cellar Dwellar,"I really did enjoy this game. Initially, the game is somewhat reluctant to give any information as to what's happening. Mostly, it's just trying to understand the sheer complexity of this really great game.It had suspense, elements of horror, intriguing design and is all round well made.9/10 good game, Swedish Folklore = trippy as balls.P.S. Try to get a glance at the ""locked"" journal, (it's a very interesting addition)."
76561198128478054,Recommended,269050,32268843,Posted: 8 June,all,a small but talented grapefruit,"Honest Game ReviewAs noted by the amount of time I've spent on this game, I think it's pretty obvious thatI enjoyed it. As everyone agrees with, including negative reviews, the art style of this game is astounding as well as the inclusion of Nordic folklore.Not only is this game based off of folklore, but it even includes an in-game encyclopedia. Another thing I admire about the ue of these subjects, is the creatures and practices in this game are not really well known. The Year Walk itself has been lost through the decades and the developers resurrected the experience using this game. Not only does the encyclopedia bring real world aspects into the game, but the hidden journal at the end as well. I was stunned at the way the game almost turned into an ARG (Alternate Reality Game).At the end of the game, you must walk again. If you remeber the ""puzzle box"" in the forest, then you'll rewally appreciate the journals. The creator of the game implemented himself into the game, almost as if your own experience is a rendition of his own. I won't spoil anymore for those who want to check it out, but I really think it's worth doing so.Many of the negative comments talk about the puzzles themselves and the need for a walkthrough or the short length of the game, but I think that's what makes this game even more alluring. During year walks, the walker has little to no idea what to expect. We're just thrown into the game and are left to firgure things out for ourselves. This could end up being quite frustrating, but it also adds to realism. At first glance, the game does seem rather short, but if you are up for some exploring and reading some lore, this game could take hours.Over all I think this game was definetly worth playing more than once. The art style was amazing, there were some scary aspects, and intriguing backstories. The combination of a game and ARG was something I've never seen before and the journals gave off an uneasy feeling which was very enjoyable. The storyline wasn't uprfront which forces you to immerse yourself into the game. I'll give it a 9/10 only because of the length."
76561198059497337,Recommended,269050,32335426,Posted: 10 June,all,The Dry One,"Great mythology, excellent atmosphere."
76561198144669193,Recommended,269050,32325808,Posted: 10 June,all,The Land O Lakes Chick,This game is one of those games you dont mind spending a little money on to change your perspective on what is ordinary and what is cool and strange
76561198145528409,Recommended,269050,32744816,Posted: 24 June,all,haruki,Its very noice.
76561198006849221,Recommended,269050,32753046,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,Strange little game. Kept on playing though.
,Recommended,269050,33637896,Posted: 18 July,all,Starwink,"Played this after I forgot that I bought it, and it was a great surprise. The story is amazing, short, puzzles intuitive. The ending though was great, and felt excitement even after I finished it! A gem of a story with great feel and superb graphics.Loved how the inventory works too :PGreat game and thank you!"
76561198403763180,Recommended,269050,33569699,Posted: 15 July,all,BabaBex,This game is pretty interesting and graphics are fantastic- very Rusty Lake-esque. Two complaints:  it's a bit short and there's no option to replay the game.
76561198115370146,Recommended,269050,33581232,Posted: 16 July,all,CoolBreeze,gud
76561198174286999,Recommended,269050,33540936,Posted: 14 July,all,35lombardi35,8/10. short but fun and enjoyed the ending alot
,Recommended,269050,33836130,Posted: 27 July,all,roka,"this game is a masterpiece, every single aspect of it is stunning"
76561198017196532,Recommended,269050,34537536,Posted: 27 August,all,chrisirish81,"I found the dark, fable-based narritive extemely enjoyable and interesting, thought the visuals, sound and feel were sympathetic and excellent, and found it original in a good way. It's very short and light on puzzles, and a lot of the time I recorded was spent reading the background text. Learning the folklore with the appropriate creepy ambience, is the undoubted highlight and for me the game gave a good platform for this, albeit with a few rough edges.Puzzles are simplistic, but have a modern ""think-outside-the-box"" feel, utilising sound or gestures for instance, which does make them more engaging, but there is little narritive logic to any of them and I was left wanting for more signposting at times. There was one puzzle whose solution was quickly obvious but didn't seem to work, prompting a frustrating wild-goose-chase for other solvable puzzles followed by an eventual guide-referral revealing that it was possible, just incredibly awkward using a mouse (due I suspect to inadequate adaptation from a touch-screen original).Overall a very good experience for me, though a little dear for the entertainment some would get out of it I suspect, depending on their level of interest in the story, and taste for the horror and puzzle elements."
76561198340752162,Recommended,269050,34462662,Posted: 24 August,all,LoLetto,"Damn the soundtrack of this game is so good. The puzzles are fine, but really play this game for the creepy atmosphere, and the SOUNDTRACK."
76561198074751147,Recommended,269050,34587198,Posted: 29 August,all,Heisendinger,A fun little game that would have benefitted from harder puzzles.
76561198153697432,Recommended,269050,34339144,Posted: 18 August,all,Puck,"Year Walk is an alluring game for the curious. It features a strange atmosphere that, like the creators intend to convey, borders reality and the supernatural very well. The game features amazing visuals, sounds, and story that immerses you into its world. I would not recommend this to those who find distaste in puzzles - as they are what you will be doing. As for me, I have no regrets."
76561198072200682,Recommended,269050,33968597,Posted: 2 August,all,LeCrazyBIATCH,It's quite a scary game but I liked the style and the music a lot. The puzzles were quite hard sometimes but there were hints which is nice. It war pretty hard to fiigure out where to go and the map wasn't always a good help. But all in all it was fun to explore the lore and this game
76561198067488075,Recommended,269050,34764851,Posted: 5 September,all,Custard's Ire,"Although this game is clearly made to play on a tablet, I enjoyed it. Year Walk has a unique atmosphere, a great OST, the puzzles were engaging and the story and lore was well written.Give it a shot if you like the slightly ooky spooky."
,Recommended,269050,34916503,Posted: 13 September,all,BashTheBlu,"Wonderfully creepy and artistic. Really dug this short game. Soundtrack is great when there is some music lo listen to. Gameplay is neat and simply, yet can be pretty spooky. Puzzles aren't anything crazy but still fun to solve and the hints aren't totally in your face either."
,Not Recommended,269050,34942035,Posted: 13 September,all,ElusiveOne,"The distinctive Swedish folklore around whichYear Walkis based is infinitely more interesting than the resulting game.I wandered the woods looking for spirits in seemingly random locations. I noted pagan patterns and reproduced them elsewhere. I read and reenacted obscure Scandinavian legends described in the encyclopedia. I manipulated polygonal floating shapes in the Beyond.The game's excellent mythological source material is unjustly wasted on flat design and unintuitive mechanics. Despite several promising base ideas, as a whole it just isn't very entertaining.The first puzzle you encounter, a wooden box with strange symbols arranged in a circular pattern, is one you literally can't solve until after you first complete the game. It acts as a sort of epilogue to reveal the true ending, which is fine except it highlights one of the game's main problems: elements are presented in an order that feels wrong.Figuring out how to perform simple actions due to awkward controls turns out to be unnecessarily convoluted and my main gripe with the game. Many times I knew what to do (wind the doll, carry an object to the next scene, etc) but failed in the execution. That's not innovation, that's bad UX design.PositiveExcellent soundtrackUnique presentationSwedish folk tales and original source materialNegativeA handful of cheap jump scaresCompletely useless hintsOutlandishly unclear and unresponsive controlsShort, not a lot of interactive contentGenerally misguided UX despite effort to port from mobile to PCThin narrative involving the actual characters of the story"
76561198405707543,Recommended,269050,34925507,Posted: 13 September,all,BeetleBits,"I loved it!! If you love folklore, horror, and mystery this is the game for you.Gameplay: There are some jump scares but you can't die or anything, and there are no timers on puzzles. The puzzles aren't super hard and I had to use the hints sometimes, but they are spoiler free and more like ""hey have you thought about this?"" rather then just giving you the answer. Play this one for more of the atmosphere and creepy folklore, and the story.It is VERY short. I beat the main game in a couple of hours (with breaks) and there is a bonus at the end that may take you like 30 minutes if you're a slow reader.The art and music are wonderful, ominous but still peaceful. I never felt rushed or panicked.Just enjoy the game, most of the puzzle answers are super obvious and available on the scarce locations on the very small map. Hit up the forums afterwards to discuss the plot."
,Recommended,269050,34890324,Posted: 11 September,all,betakitten,"I actually caught on to this brilliant game through the lovely ladies at Spirits podcast! They had an episode around the whole mythology and the game sounded so intriguing I just had to try it.The art and soundtrack are amazing and all contribute to the games creepy and distinctive atmosphere. At times you can tell it was designed for play on tablets, but it didn't take away from my experience at all!The puzzles are varied in both style and difficulty, it's well worth persevering if you find yourself stuck though, failing that there are plenty of walkthroughs to help you out with some you may find completely impassible.Overall well worth it's measily price tag, although the game is short there are multiple plays you can make to get all the achievements. I wish I had more games like this honestly!"
,Recommended,269050,34868509,Posted: 10 September,all,Burgermaster-Max,"Great style. Great music. Puzzles aren't stupidly hard, but then I'm not good at puzzles which made it very playable for me."
76561197979261882,Recommended,269050,34978188,Posted: 15 September,all,Snuttfisen,"Take a walk with me!Im from Sweden and have never heard about Year Walking.Apparently it´s an old tradition where one would lock oneself alone inside a dark room and without food for a day until midnight.After that the person would venture outside, where mysterious creatures lurk and go to a graveyard. If one should acomplish this, said person should be able to predict the future through visions.About the game!I can´t really tell you much about it since I want to avoid ANY kind of spoilers.However, IF you fancy ""point-and-click"" games or just want to play something different, I´d say you should give it a go!This is a wonderfull game with a smart story and good puzzles.There´s only ONE puzzle I find stupid since youHAVE TO USE THE KEYBOARD for some particular kind of letters!However, it´s just a super duper small complaint and dosen´t ruin the game at all.With itsneat artsyleandcreepy musicit sets the atmosphere just about right!I surely recommend this game to anyone but the impatiant one."
